@Javier Arce I invite you to contact the customer support, they will help you quickly: <url>"[Action needed] Your Lima is waiting!", did you get it? Basically, you just need to go on your backer dashboard (<url>’s an issue with your Lima so that they can help you out. You can send an email in Spanish if you want to. @Lior Happy to hear that! @Rick Borden I will check with support where they are on your case. @Rick Perez Glad you like the product :) @Jerry The software is still in Beta. Current versions are 0.11 on iOS and Android, and 0.10 on Mac and Windows. We’re no longer using the Google Group if it’s what you’re referring to? We’re now using the Lima Feedback Centre: just go on “Report a bug/Send Feedback” and you’ll be able to join the conversation with other users and Lima developers. Full explanation of how it works here: <url>’re far from saying adieu, although I surely appreciate your use of French words :) A plus tard ! @Mike We’re glad you like the headphones, and don’t hesitate to send an email to <email> if you have any problems with your Lima. @Everyone: the last weekly update is live! <url>’il se passe. @Amit We just sent you an email to confirm your address? Did you get it? (it’s your hotmail address). Otherwise, if you haven’t changed your shipping address, let me know and I’ll update the status for you. @Yashwanth I’ve just sent you an email to confirm your address. Did you get it? Otherwise, let me know if you haven’t changed it and I’ll update yours manually. @Sandip: The Lima app is indeed not compatible with El Capitan at the moment: we’ll release a new version of the app next week that will be compatible with El Capitan, right when it’s no longer in Beta. @Saurabh Panchal: We just need you to confirm your address and you’ll receive yours right away. I’ve just sent you an email to do so: did you get it? It’s your gmail email. @The Alamo: We just need you to confirm your address and you’ll receive yours right away. I’ve just sent you an email to do so: did you get it? It’s your aol email. @HotMayoSandwich I wish you had actually tried the Lima device before judging it. @Eduardo If you reported the problem on the Lima feedback Centre (“Report a bug/ Send feedback” on the Lima icon in the taskbar), support and tech team will get back to you shortly. @Swissmawi: When you install Lima, we ask you the permission to upload your pictures and videos. The app can’t upload the pictures if you haven’t given permission, so you must have done it without realizing it. If you want to change this, I suggest you go to the Settings of your smartphone/tablet, scroll down to “Lima”, click on privacy, and revoke the access to “Photos.” Note that you indeed control what you want on Lima or not. @Swissmawi Thanks for your feedback. Being able to rotate the app is indeed something that is planned but I don’t have a precise date yet. What I suggest is that you put it as an idea in the Lima Feedback Centre (just click on “Report a bug/ Send feedback” on the desktop app) so that you can raise awareness about this problem: the more people request it, the more prioritized this feature will be. @William: I’m sorry for this as it seems your address confirmation didn’t work. I’ve sent you a direct email to sort this through. @Marzsman Thanks for your feedback. Don't hesitate to check out the Lima Feedback Centre (Report a bug/ send feedback when you click on the Lima icon in your task bar) for your bugs and follow up on problems you might be having. Concerning the space take by the Lima database: this is only temporary. Once the files have been transferred to the hard drive attached to Lima, the space is released. @Lukas We just need you to confirm your address. I've just sent you an email to do that: did you get it? Your Lima will be shipped automatically once your address is confirmed (it's your Yahoo address) Hey Andrew,I've just sent you back the email to confirm your address. (gmail address) Once you confirm it, you'll receive an email with your tracking number once your Lima leaves the warehouse. @gouichi hatakeyama Google translate couldn’t help me on this one, sorry! Can you tell me what your question is in English please? @Lei Chen We just need you to confirm your shipping address and your Lima will be shipped right away. I’ve sent you the email to do so. did you get it? (it’s your gmail address) @Gail We need you to confirm your reward on your dashboard first, as mentioned by Narim by email. Did you receive the email to create your dashboard? Just fill it in and your Lima devices will leave our warehouse (you’ll receive an email with the tracking number when it does). @p-middy We know. It’s coming soon. @Ikalios: You should :) @Gary We need you to confirm your address: I’ve just sent you an email to do so (your Yahoo address). Did you get it? Just confirm and you’ll get your Lima right away. @Henry Young: Good to know :) @Stephen Have you tried contacting support yet? <email> @Jacques I will ping support on this and they’ll come back to you ASAP. @Terry we don’t have an official date about the end of the beta. As you know, we were never quite good with keeping deadlines :) But be sure that we’ll let you know. @Mayank I’m glad you were able to make it work! @Frank: We just need you to confirm your address and you’ll get yours by next week! I’ve sent you back the email to confirm your address (it’s your hotmail address). Did you get it this time? The weekly tech update is out! Check it out here: <url>’t. Can you please send an email to <email> giving your new address? They’ll be able to handle the case :) @Marv Would be happy to see you there :) @Seth We need you to confirm your address first. I’ve just sent you back the email to do so (it’s your gmail address). Did you get it? Once you confirm your address, your Lima will arrive within a week. @Patrick Great! We do not handle multiple drives yet but the feature will arrive in the near future. @Heather: Hey, we need you to confirm your address. I just sent you back the email to do that. Did you get it this time? (Your bigpond address) @Mayank Solving these type of problems is far easier in a direct conversation. Why don’t you give it a try? If your Lima is broken, we’ll provide a replacement but it’s very important for us to find out what’s going wrong in your situation. @Grant If your device is broken, we will replace it. I’m guessing the support team is waiting for an answer from the tech team and hasn’t got it yet but I’ll ping them to see where they are on your case. @Lorenzo: My bad. I promise I won’t forget next time! @Henrik This is strange. Can you please send an email to <email> with your final address? They’ll confirm it manually for you. @Christine I just sent you again the “confirm your address email”. Did you get it this time? It’s your Yahoo email address. @Karthik: We just need you to confirm your address and we’ll ship yours right away! I just sent you an email to do that: did you get it? @Casey Severin sent it today and I sincerely don't see how you could have found his email scornful as you seem to be implying. @Henrik: Just sent you back the email. Did you get it this time? @Mattias We’ve actually shipped already: I just need you to confirm your address to receive yours. I just sent you back an email so that you can confirm it (it’s your <email> address) @Bruno: Thanks for the heads up :) @Marius Very cool, thanks! @David Thanks for the heads up! @Adam: Your Lima was stuck in the warehouse for some reasons. Our team is on it, it should be able to elave tomorrow. @Jose I’ve just sent you the email again to confirm your address. Did you get it this time? @Casey I will check into this and come back to you. @Rui Enjoy! @Corey I’m sorry to hear that and I hope we’ll be able to change your mind in the future. @BrianS I mean “Desktop” “Downloads” “Pictures” “Music” “Documents”. @Steve Thanks for your comments and sorry for the unjustified suspicion you’re getting from some other backers. Unification indeed means that there will no longer be a Lima drive and that all your files will be synced automatically. @KC I don’t know where you’ve read that the back-up plan is no longer on our roadmap. This isn’t true. The back-up plan is one of our highest priorities and will arrive in one of the next releases (not 0.11 though). Not that it will change anything for you though, as you refused to receive a Lima device and have been issued a refund. But we know you can’t live without us, can you? :) @Michel It looks like you’ve just confirmed your address, so you should receive your Lima device early next week. Everything looks fine on our side, but if you haven’t received it by the end of next week, please send an email to <email> ! @Lorenzo: Thank you, I had indeed forgotten to post the link on the Kickstarter wall as I normally do. @Jason: The Lima device you received is the final product. The Lima software, however, is still in Beta. You can either start using it now (no danger for your files as long as you have back up), or wait for the software to come out of beta. We publish regular software updates (approx 1 every two weeks) that keep improving the software. We will notify you when we officially come out of beta. @Eugen, Let us know when you do! @Albert Lima doesn’t handle prepopulated drive at the moment, but it will soon. @Alan, I saw that you just confirmed your address so your Lima is on its way! @S. Peter Kane: Cool, enjoy! @Li Ting You should have received an email in July asking you to confirm your address so that you could receive your Lima device! I just sent the email back: did you get it this time? (It’s your hotmail address). Just confirm your address there and you’ll get yours in the next few days! If you still don’t see the email, check your spam and send an email to <email> so that they can help you out. @Jerry It’s Lee-ma. @Cedric Enjoy! @Kim You should have indeed received emails in July to confirm your shipping address and get your Lima device. I just sent you back the last email where you need to confirm your address to enable shipping. Your email address ends with “shaw.ca”. Did you get the email? If not, please send an email to <email> and they’ll confirm your address manually. @Jerry: WD MyCloud is a modern NAS device. You can see the differences just below. @Brian @Casey @Christopher Lewis: Lima is indeed part of the connected storage device family. However, classical NAS devices typically don’t require installing software on your computer: they appear as a hard drive on your computer but they use standard protocols to do so. Most of them won’t work outside of your home. Some modern NAS devices now have a software included that you can install on your computer. That enables you to connect to your NAS device more easily from outside. Lima goes beyond all of this. Its software: - is entirely P2P, which enables you to access your files from other devices even when your Lima device is offline, and without being limited by the upload connection at home, - enables to keep some files available offline if you want to, which is pretty useful when you don’t have an Internet connection. Another big innovation of Lima is unification - which isn’t publicly available yet. Thanks to it, Lima will soon be able to manage the content of your Users folders. That means you will no longer need to manually move files into a drive to have them on all of your devices. @Casey: “I put data from storage medium 1 to Lima storage medium, Why is is that LIMA is creating a secondary folder on Storage medium 1 in its own format, the same size as the data that was transferred to the LIMA in the first place?“ When you do this, the secondary folder on Storage medium 1 is simply cache. This folder will be emptied once the file you moved to Lima is correctly transferred to the Lima device. Thanks to this, you don’t have to wait for the copy of the Lima device to finish: the transfer happens in the background and you can enjoy your computer / shut it down and restart it, etc. @P-middy we will keep you updated when this feature arrives, which is indeed soon. @ronjadler: Thank you for your detailed feedback! Concerning Android app, we’re having stability issues with the latest release and it’s one of our n°1 priorities. It will be far more stable in v 0.11. Otherwise: - When you need individual support, you can send an email to <email> and they help you deal with it. - If you find a bug, you can send a bug report so that our developers have all the info (they can’t answer the messages though) - We actually do have an help center already that you can find right here: <url>’t advertise it enough as you couldn’t find it so we’ll make sure to fix that in the future! @Rift Thanks for your feedback. If it’s that slow, that means that there’s an issue somewhere. Is your device in relay or in P2P? (See that in PReferences while running the 0.10 version) @Daniel Cool, enjoy :) @Omri: Ok, perfect! @Cameron I’m sorry that you’re disappointed with Lima so far. I’m not sure I perfectly understand what happened in your experiment. Can you please give me more information on those 3 points: - where was your Lima device? At your home or at your friend’s house? - when you say “Lima went offline”, what are your referring to exactly? What you saw on your Preference on your desktop computer? What you saw on your smartphone? - what were you trying to see? That your devices could interact with each other by being on the same local network without using the Internet? @Sergio: Thanks for the heads up! @Jerry There are indeed some instabilities in the latest Android app version. We’ve identified the bug and it’s one of our highest priorities at the moment. @Tony I’ve also sent you back the email to confirm your address (its your address that finishes with .org). Just click on the confirm button and you’ll get your Lima next week. @Shannon: Unfortunately, a lot of other people have changed their addresses since then, which is why we needed to confirm it before sending the packages. I’ve just sent you another email to confirm your address (to your Yahoo address.). If you want me to confirm it for you, I can also do it right away. Let me know. @Casey We’re both losing time here. Lima is not a NAS. It doesn’t work the same way as a NAS. It doesn’t have the same features as a NAS. If you thought it was a NAS, fine, why did you back this project in the first place? @Omri From our records, your device is in Israel and is trying to get to you (you have all that information using your tracking number that was sent to you by email) The last status stays they attempted a delivery on August 16. Can you send an email to <email> so that they can help you figure out what this means? (They’re the experts). @Andreas Please see this with support and make sure to notify them that the USPS tracking number shows that the units haven’t been accepted. @Eduardo: The new files you put on your Lima drive should be available right away from your other devices by streaming from the originating device if it’s online or on the same local network. If that’s not the case, this is the bug and you should send a bug report. However, if you put files in the Lima drive and close your computer right away, it’s possible that those files aren’t available on other devices because Lima hasn’t had time to retrieve them and is the only source available when other devices are offline. @Oliver: From what I see, you haven’t confirmed your address yet which explains why you couldn’t receive your Lima (the email asking you to confirm it was sent on July 20: “We're shipping! Just confirm your address to receive your Lima :)”) I’ve just sent you back the email so you can confirm your address now and receive your Lima within a week. (Note that it’s your gmail address.) If you don't receive that email either or have changed your email address, please send an email to <email> and they'll help you out with this. @Kyle: You should have an AirPlay icon on your Lima app. @Casey: We are answering your questions. This wall isn’t very convenient to hold a conversation and we do not seem to understand each other. But if you don’t want to Skype, fine. We just feel it would have been easier to explain you, and we (Lima) could have learned from that in order to be clearer in the future. If you wish to record the conversation and share it with other users, you’re perfectly welcome to do it. Now, concerning your questions: > Why did you create a local database not on the Lima Storage medium? The product is not "just a NAS", it enables you to browse your files even when you’re offline. You can see all of your files; some are available locally, because you asked so explicitly (‘keep an offline version’) or because they are in cache, and some are not. Obviously we need a local database to do this. To be more precise, only the metadata of the filesystem (file tree) is in an actual database. The local and cached data itself (binary blobs) is stored in plain files. We sometimes mean both when we say "database". > Why is there no word on an audit regarding credibility/security of the current code? This is something we’re thinking about in the future, but not as of now. I don’t think it was ever something we promised. > Is there an access port where we can hack this device? No. The device isn’t meant to be hacked. > What system is this hardware based off of so we can easily put on a different firmware if need be? The hardware is a variant of the Wanser-R, as stated in the Kickstarter campaign. The device isn’t supposed to be used with a different software than Lima. @Scott: thanks for the heads up! @Jerry Note that there’s a cache that can take up to 10% of your available storage. Lima deals with this and won’t necessarily erase all of the temporary files if there’s still some cache left. More info on this in our last tech update: <url>’t read the files directly on the external hard drive attached to Lima. It’s a feature that will arrive soon. @Casey We have the impression that we keep answering the same question over and over again. Why don’t we schedule a call together, as we already offered, so that we can discuss this face to dace and understand what you don’t get about Lima? That will enable us to have insights on how to better explain it in the future to other people. @fmotta If all you wanted was Linux computer with the ability to install open source software on it, why didn’t you just get a Raspberry pi? @Michael: Install it by going to install.meetlima.com :) @Daniel: Can you send an email to <email> explaining this? It shouldn’t have had broken seals, and they’ll replace it if it proves broken. @Eduardo: this is an abnormal speed: can you check with <email> so that they can help you out on this? @Bill Can you please send an email to <email> and they’ll be able to send you back your device? @Rey Cool :) Enjoy! @Ahsan You should have received your Lima already… Can you please send an email to <email> and they’ll ship yours right away! @Norman: No prob! @Gerold: This is really weird. Have you sent a bug report yet? Do not hesitate to contact the support team (<email>) as they might help you figure out the problem here. @Gnome The software is indeed still in beta. We stopped using the term “beta tester” because we weren’t expecting you to send bug reports etc. but just to use the product normally. @Casey As promised, here are the answers for your questions from yesterday: - Concerning the creation of a database: Lima works internally a little like git. As git, there is an internal database which stores files in its own format (see the hidden folder `.git`). As git, Lima works when you're offline, so a local database is obviously needed to store locally the file awaiting to be transferred to the Lima when offline. The files you put into your Lima drive are stored locally *until* they are on the Lima, then they are purged and decrease the used memory of the local storage. You can think about this local database like a cache which contains your important files, or files which are not yet on your Lima. - Concerning the “insertion” of a database: It was always part of the product. How would it work offline without it? Lima implements a full file system. It is NOT a network file system like NFS, Samba. We are not a NAS. De facto, a file system needs a database to store the files. - Concerning the fact that Lima duplicates data: As said previously, it does not duplicate in the long term. It just stores the files to be transferred to the Lima. When done, the files are purged and the local memory is free-d. - Concerning our “own format”, a lot of programs you use daily use custom format database. The program to export the file from your local database has not been released yet but that's something we need to do and that will arrive in the near future. @Casey: I will double-check with the tech team before giving you an answer on this. So answer coming tomorrow. @Alistair: Cool, thanks for the heads up! @CK I understand that this is frustrating and I hope that the support team will come up with a solution very soon. @Adiplin thanks for the heads up! @Jerry Support should get back to you tomorrow regarding this if you’ve already sent an email. @BrianS: Changing hard drives and adding new drives is something on our roadmap yes. @Everyone: The much awaited version 0.10 was released today! You’ve normally received an email explaining you how to install it and what’s new. Here’s a recap of what you should do to get it if for some reasons you haven't received the email: - If you already have a version of Lima installed - For Mac users: 1. Quit the Lima app, 2. Download the new app from <url>’t compatible with Windows Phone at the moment, but no problem with your Nexus! Just go to install.meetlima.com from there. @Philipp Did you send an email to <email>? Let me know if they haven’t answered you by tomorrow and I’ll ping them again. @Joshua Thanks for the heads up! And yes, phandling repopulated hard drives is on our roadmap. @Brian You can use flash drives but it’s not as fast as with a regular USB drive and won’t work when unification is enabled (because it’ll be too small). @Casey With 0.10, that is not the case anymore. This feature makes sense when unification is enabled, but is painful with the Pioneer Kit, which is why we changed it in 0.10. @Eron @Yovan @Craig thanks for the heads up and your feedback! @Xanthos We need you to confirm your address, and you'll receive it right away! I've just sent you another email to confirm your address. Did you get it? (sent it to your hotmail.be address) @Fire sorry for this, it's not in our hands unfortunately. @Casey why don't you try with a real hard drive to see the difference? @AnnMarie: I confirm that you do not need any specific skills to use Lima at this point. If you run into any trouble during the installation, just send an email to <email> and they'll walk you through every step of the way. Why don't you give it a try? If anything seems weird or too complicated for you, don't hesitate to send me an email directly on <email> as I'd be very interested in hearing your feedback. For those wondering about Linux support, the CLI client is arriving very soon. You can get a preview here: <url>’ll be in touch ASAP. @Yahya If you need help, just send an email to <email> @Casey: It’s a bad idea to use a USB thumb drive as the technology used is different and the transfer speeds are far lower. You should use an external hard drive with Lima as was mentioned all along. @Sangwoo Sean Nam Indeed, the unification feature is missing as of now but we’re working hard to make it arrive ASAP. We’re still on target with September. @KC You did manage to get a refund though. @erick @Jerry @Victor: Shouldn’t have told you Monday sorry! The software update that changes this is more likely to arrive tomorrow, or Wednesday at worst. You’ll receive an email so you won’t miss it. @Jerry: As Johnny said (thanks!), just go on install.meetlima.com from your Android device and you’ll be able to download it! @Antoine: Thanks for the feedback! Enjoy :) @Richard Problem #1 should be solved by the next software update that is most likely to arrive on Monday. For problem #2 I’m not sure it’s a bug: as long as Lima needs to send stuff and that your device is powered on, it’s probably preventing the device from going to sleep. It’s sending the items you put in the Lima drive to the hard drive attached to Lima (shouldn’t take that long though). I’ll ping product on this to give your feedback. Do not hesitate to send bug reports when you run into some issues: that will enable developers to tackle the bugs faster. @Kristin Thanks for the detailed feedback. I’ve passed the info along to tech team and hope that this issue will be solved with the next software update that should arrive on Monday. We’ll keep you posted in our weekly updates here: <url>’ll receive an email when the next software update arrives with what it solves. @Pierre Carme: Did you contact support regarding this? They should be able to help you out (<email>) @c c Shen: Can you contact support explaining your issue? It’s very weird indeed if you have new folders appearing! What you should do: 1. send a bug report so that developers have the info about the bug, 2. send an email to <email> so that they can help you come out of this situation. @Lius: This should only be the case until your files have reached the hard drive on Lima. You shouldn’t need to have your computer on at all times of course! Did you check your “Lima preferences” to see if files were still sending? If that’s not the case, please send a bug report so that they can track this bug. @Tim: OK perfect. @Srinivasu Kota: These are things that we are working on. Please note that we will soon offer the possibility to back up your content with 2 Lima devices: we recommend putting the 2 Lima devices at two different locations and they will automatically back each other up at distance, just in case one of the hard drives fails. @Andrew: Thanks for your feedback! @Jannik As Merijn said, Lima is not compatible with El Capitan at the moment, but will be when it’s out of beta. @Roloff, Thorsten: Great, thanks for the heads up! @Ian Way to go :) @Tim Don’t hesitate to send bug reports when you have these types of problems. I’m not sure what you mean by working with it outside of your home network? You can already access your Lima files from outside. @Kyle: Thank you! @Srinivasu Kota: Thanks for your feedback. Note that you can’t share the files to outside users as of now. That feature will arrive later. @Daniel: There seems to have been some misunderstandings -> If you install Lima now, you'll be using the Pioneer Kit, which means you'll have a Lima drive appearing on your desktop computer, in which you'll be able to put files. -> As this is still a beta, we make clear during the installation process that you should only put backed-up files in the Lima drive to be extra-safe. That means you should COPY files into the Lima drive, and not MOVE them. Those files will appear in the Lima apps of your mobile devices, and in the Lima drive of your other computer if you have installed Lima on another computer. Additionally, the pictures and videos taken from your mobile devices will automatically be uploaded to Lima as well so you'll see them from all of your devices. -> "all my files will be renamed and will be unusable to me unless using the Lima software" => no! Your files will keep exactly the same names, and you can move them around in and out of the Lima drive on your computer without any problems. What people have been complaining about is the fact that if you *remove* the external hard drive attached to the Lima device, and plug it directly on your computer, you won't be able to read those files directly. That is indeed true but note that unplugging the hard drive attached to Lima isn't and has never been recommended: the Lima device needs the external hard drive to properly function. However, this isn't a final limitation: we store the files on the external hard drive in some internal format for efficiency as of now, but a software update will arrive soon to enable you to be able to read the files directly if you unplug the hard drive attached to Lima (Note that it still won't be recommended!) All in all, you can wait for new releases to arrive before installing your Lima (for instance wait for the external hard drive files to be readable if that reassures you), but know there's no risk to permanently lose files at this stage if you make sure to copy files in the Lima drive. The original file will remain safely on your device in case something goes wrong. To have more info about what you can do with the Pioneer Kit in its current version, you can check this out: <url>’ll keep you updated when this feature arrives. @Johnny This is really interesting. Did you send a bug report with this info? If you haven’t please do, it’s the best way to make sure our Windows developer fixes those bugs. @Terry Well, you have nice friends :) @Andrew: Thanks for your feedback. No, I’m afraid you can’t backup to a Cloud as of now. @John We’ve sent you an email. @Nicander Sorry about the VAT! Not much we can do about that :/ @John Spence: Thanks for your feedback! @David We’re glad too ;) @Everyone: please check our last tech update to see what we're working on and what you can expect in Lima 0.10 and 0.11 <url>’ll get you a replacement. Sorry for the trouble. @Nicolas Thanks for the heads up. @David: We’re now working on the Linux client so it should arrive soon. @Henrik Please send an email to <email> regarding this and they’ll be able to diagnose if there’s something wrong with your device, in which case we will replace it for you. @Mark Thanks for your feedback! As Coco Chanel said, fashion passes, style remains ;) @KC @Christopher Lewis: Oh, you mean some people who have actually received the device and are happily using it are astroturfers? But surely people who have never even touched the product and have been refunded are far more legitimate to talk about it? I’m sorry that you came to a point to which you’re so paranoid about us that everyone who disagrees with you is surely an astroturfer. I am, as it obviously means we’ve been doing some things wrong. But now that you’ve been refunded, maybe you can stop wasting your time on us if we’re that bad and let people enjoy the product without being insulted. - Penelope @Casey : I think your email was answered. @Truls Thanks for letting us know :) @Scott: Why don’t you send a bug report using the Lima app? Thanks. @Guilherme: Thanks for your feedback! Did you check out your dashboard? (Lima icon in your taskbar, “Lima preferences”) You have more info about which files are being transferred there. And sorry for the taxes, but it’s not something we have control over :/ @Lawrence Copying 250K files all at once was probably a bit too much for Lima, which is still in beta. Can you try copying a bit less files at a time? That should work. If it doesn't, please send a bug report using the app. @FE Sent you an email as well. @Mau Merci pour votre retour! @Michael @Leomaier @Gabriel @Daniel @gift of gab @works @clemens We've sent you an email. @Lee Chern, Thanks for the heads up :) @Alvin Please let us know what your questions are. @Johnny: You should install Lima after your Windows 10 update. You’ll be guided to install the Android app during the desktop installation or you can go to install.meetlima.com from your smartphone to get it (but need to have created an account on desktop first) @Showmecn You should have the first steps in the packaging, or you can go to install.meetlima.com directly. @Shn Can you send an email to <email> to help you out on this? @Paul Is there anything unclear? @Murphy Super! @Tommy, Thanks for the heads up! @Eduardo Our support team does its best :) @Luis Thanks for your feedback! Will let the Android developer know. @Charles Cool :) @Marc Thanks for your feedback and let us know if anything is unclear. @Scott If your power supply breaks, let us know and we’ll send you a new one. @Ian R: It’s really weird but I can’t find your address on Kickstarter. Can you please send me your Kickstarter email to <email> and I’ll confirm it for you? @Terry If you’ve received the email it’s perfect. Your Lima should arrive early next week. Lima will work on all your Mac/Windows PCs and Windows/iOS tablets for now. Linux support will arrive very soon but I can’t give you an exact date as of now. Some of our developers are already working on it in their spare time. Please note that you’re supposed to use Lima only for your personal usage for the moment, in view of the unification feature that arrives at Fall. @John: Thank you, we’ll make sure to update this ASAP. @Terry Mmmh, well you don't *need* a smartphone, but you need to have several devices or you wouldn't need Lima in the first place. Your order should leave the warehouse tomorrow morning. @Terry OK, I've confirmed it for you. @Anders Great! Here’s a little blogpost to help you choose: <url>’ll be able to put 2TB of data in the Lima drive (you choose which files) and access those 2TB of files from all of your other devices. Note that Lima is thought for a single person only. @John Can you tell me which webpage you’re referring to exactly? Unfortunately, we don’t have an exact schedule of the timing future features as of now. We were never too good at giving dates as you know :) @BravoJoe \o/ Thanks for your feedback and looking forward to the unification update too! @Marcus Just go to install.meetlima.com from your smartphone and you’ll be able to download the app without an SMS! @Pepe Sorry for this temporary issue that is now solved! To download the mobile app, just go to install.meetlima.com from your smartphone and log in to your Lima account. We’re still using Crashlytics to be able to push software updates faster and get easier feedback/bug reports from users for the moment. @Bjorn, Thanks for the heads up, let us know when you start using Lima! @Gertjo: Thanks for your feedback. To install the Lima app on your smartphone without the sms, just go to install.meetlima.com from your smartphone. @Hugo: Thanks for your feedback! @Gabriel: Users will have to switch to unification eventually but you’ll be the one making the change from one mode to the other. @Olivier We'll hope the replacement unit will provide you with a better experience. Customer care has been a bit under water, but they're getting better and better (experience!) and are now able to answer way faster than before. @Terry You haven't confirmed your shipping address yet so we can't send you your device yet. I've just sent back the email. Did you get it? It's your gmail address. @Aurelien thanks for your support :) we're glad the backers meetups enabled you to meet the team and see our determination! @Moe @Frans thanks for the heads up! @Elias @ronald Can you please send an email to <email> regarding this? They’ll be able to help you out. @Eduardo If you don’t have an empty hard drive, you can indeed wait for the software version update that will make it possible to plug an already-filled hard drive. @John The filesending feature has indeed been unprioritized to focus on Lima’s core features. We don’t have an exact schedule regarding this. Hey everyone, You can read our last tech update here: <url>’ll let you know when you’ll be able to add an already-filled hard drive and I’m sorry for the delay on this. Concerning your EU plug instead of a UK one, this is the first time that we have a case like this. We’ll send you a UK adapter right away and Customer care will follow up with you on this. @Vince I’m sorry if you had a bad experience so far, and I hope you’ll give Lima a new try with upcoming versions of the software. @Taylor: This isn’t normal as right clicking and setting the files to be online only should release some space. Can you please send a bug report? Note that with the next release 0.10, we’ll change this and the files won’t be kept offline by default (it’s really important when unification is activated, but is actually frustrating with the Pioneer Kit as you noticed.) More on that here: <url>’t support multi-user at this stage. You’re supposed to use it to share files with all of your own devices but not with other people. The reason behind this is that we’ll ultimately move to the “Unification feature” which will sync your entire computer, and you do not want to share your entire computer with other people. There will be a collaboration feature such as what you’re looking for, but not in the near future. Concerning the back up plan, the feature where you can have two Limas that back each other up will arrive very soon yes! @Clemens: We try to answer as many questions as possible, including negative ones, but it’s true that it’s sometimes hard to answer questions that have already been addressed multiple times or that don’t really expect an answer. Please tell us what you would like to know that you feel hasn’t been answered yet. @BrianS I confirm Customer care has received your message and they will get back to you as soon as possible. @njwringley Thank you for your honest feedback, and we'll look into this popup issue. I hope 0.10 or versions after than will make it better for you and that you'll give Lima an ultimate trial. @Amy We'll let you know when you can plug hard drive that are already filled in to Lima. @Steve the backup feature has the highest priority on our to-do list. We invite you to read our weekly update on the blog that details the latest progress <url>’re right that you need to plug an empty hard drive at the moment, but this will evolve in the next versions. @All: We’ve spent the week to finish Lima 0.9, which has been tested by a selected group of backers and was made available to all current beta testers on Thursday. We will post an update very soon with all the details and the shipping schedule. Have a great end of weekend! @David, @Matthieu, @Chris, @Irene & Richard, @Sandy: Thanks for the feedback @David: Yes, we're working on enabling you to setup Lima with a non-empty drive. Feature has been de-prioritized but is still on the roadmap. @KC: (About backup) You're right. Version control is coming. @Chris: Thx for your feedback. Your setup process seems unnormally long. Could you let us know which step took 20min, and which kind of HDD you were using for the setup (old one / new one + format)? @Irene & Richard: Beta period is still running, but things are improving fast. We'll let you know when we have more info about the multi-lima feature. It's one of our highest priorities right now. @Rob we’re sorry to hear our contact webform did not work for you. Do you mind writing us at <email> to let us know more about your issue (both the Lima setup fail and the non-working webform)? @Wayne: Did you register to the beta list? @BrianS: We do plan, in the Pioneer Kit, to turn off the feature keeping a local copy of files on computers by default. As mentionned in an earlier response: this feature makes a lot of sense for unification, but not at all in the Pioneer Kit. We’ll let you know when that happens (priority: high). Until then, keep in mind that you can remove the offline version of files in your computer by 1/ right-clicking on any file/folder; 2/ Selecting [Lima]-->[Remove offline version]. Tell us if that works for you! @Sandip the AppleTV is supposed to be compatible, could you please let us know with which device you’ve tried to play your videos from? Were using version 0.8.1 or version 0.9? Thanks! Regarding Chromecast: we’ve found the issue too. We’ll work on it. Thx for reporting! @Jean Luc you should see the Lima drive on your desktop or finder, so you only have to drag and drop the files you want into it. If you can’t see it, there is something wrong, the support will help you (<email>) Thanks @James for your support! @Jacques, it seems you have an issue with your HDD, could you please send an email to our customer support at <email> regarding this? @Audric, @L Christer, @Sandeep thanks for your support and your feedback!! @christopher, for Cameron’s shipment, the shipment took longer than it should (15 days). Our answer was not as well written as it should have been, we should have said that even if unfortunately there was a problem on our logistic partner side, we were working with our partner to minimize the logistic issues for the future, which we are. @Christopher, this feature is not yet available in the Pioneer Kit. For now, you have access to the files stored in your HDD but they are hidden and not organized as they appear in your devices. Thanks @Chris for your support! @Sandeep I've just sent you back your activation code. Sorry for the wait. @Venkat, please follow this link to get all the instruction you need to install the Lima app on your mobile: <url>’ve signed it, you have just to confirm your shipping address and we will send you your Lima right away! @Annette, Could you please explain your issue about Windows to our support at <email> ? They will help you solve that and properly install Lima! Hi @Justin, you’ll be able to update your address during your shipping process. Follow the link to start your shipping process if you want to join the Beta program: <url>"Remove offline version". This local copy makes a real sense when your computer has unification activated. It doesn't make much sense when in Pioneer Kit. We're currently thinking about disabling it for the Pioneer Kit. @Wayne: We’ll ship the devices of people who prefer not subscribing the Beta as soon as version 0.9 is stable. You can get more info on our last update: <url>’ll check it out with our mobile team. About UPNP, you can open a port manually if you wish. Here’s how (## Opening port 25211) <url>’ll be a desktop folder on the mobile apps that will show the same files as on the desktop of your computer(s). @J Thanks for your feedback. @Todd This feature has been de-prioritized until we get a stable version of Lima in the hands of all backers. It’s definitely still on the roadmap. @Daren: to receive yours, just sign up here and you’ll get it in a few days: <url>“Invitation to the Lima Beta Testing Program”? Just follow the steps and the Lima device will be in your hands in just a way days.” @Andrew: I checked it out and the problem was you actually put .com.com at the end of the email. I’ve changed it and you should receive an invitation within the next 24 hours. @Jochen, thanks for your feedback! Happy testing! @Sinnyc Our mailing address in the US is 2915 Ogletown Road #1837 Newark, DE 19713 USA and in France 10 rue de la Victoire, 75009 PARIS. @Stan thank you for your support! @Christopher: The Lima firmware is based on Linux and is compatible with hundreds of different hardware platforms. We didn’t re-write our firmware because of RAM chip change. We have trouble understanding where you got your information? @Sribeubeu: Inscrivez-vous à la beta et vous verrez bien que nous bossons effectivement sur quelque chose :) <url>’t declare them as gift, which would kind of be cheating. @Jonathan: Just register to the beta list and you’ll receive your Lima device in a few days: <url>’ve received (same email that the one in which you have your beta key). As explained by Merijn, you need to test first with an empty HDD. Thanks @Boris for your quick message. @Raul: Mass shipping is scheduled for the next weeks, as explained yesterday in the microupdate we’re posting every week (<url>’re not increasing the shipping pace until we get that part done. @Casey as indicated yesterday, we want to drop the NDA once debug information have been removed from the product, which should be done soon. We expect this around the release of Lima 0.9, which will be the version right after 0.8.1 (which should be available by the end of the week). You will be informed in an update. @Paulo, @Markus, @Sujith, @Tim, @Ralph, @Marius, @Nathanael, @Golia, @Jon, @Russell, as always, thanks for taking time to share your first impressions. @Everyone, we've just published our latest tech update on the blog where we tell you what's been happening over the past week in the tech team: <url>’ll need to adapt the back-up plan feature to the new firmware before enabling you to use a second Lima device to back up the first one. This important feature will come a bit later than we thought, and will be available a few weeks after we ship you all the devices. @Frank: thanks for raising those points. Christophe from the support team has sent you a direct email in order to run further investigations and identify your issues. @Alex: 0.8.1 is on the way. It will be released this week. Should be easier to install on Windows 7. We’d be glad to have your feedback. @Sandy: If you’re stuck somewhere during the installation, you can contact directly our Support Team at <email>. Please take time to describe as precisely as possible the issue you encounter. Do not hesitate to attach screenshots to your message. It will help our Team to understand better what’s going on. @David. Thanks for taking time to report the bugs to the team, we received them well. Last update was 3 weeks ago. Next update coming in the middle of this week. You should get a better experience with the new release. Else, we’d be glad to work with you on these problems. @terry we want to drop the NDA once the debug information have been removed from the product, which should be done soon. We expect this around the release of Lima 0.9, which will be the version right after 0.8.1. You will be informed in an update. For Linux, as previously said, we will do it post shipping, once the other platforms are stable. @Nicholas, thank you for informing us about this, it doesn’t sound normal. We’re currently investigating and we will get back to you. @Lorenzo, we invite you to read the weekly updates posted on the blog to follow the latest developments, they’re written for all backers, and not only for beta testers. The last one is here: <url>"cost of legacy"), or why a company like DropBox can take an entire year only to release a feature to share files via a link. On a much smaller scale, our tests at Lima after the campaign showed us that our software had to be modified to be as robust as we wished. It's not something we had anticipated to be blocking before the campaign, but we figured out later on that our first technical choices wouldn't work as well as anticipated on the field. And that's the reality of projects under development: you discover problems in the middle. It can happens and it does happen now and then. Because yes, shit happens. What we discovered was that pursuing development with the technical base we had at the time would have implied shipping a buggy product, very difficult to maintain & to improve. Our F1 needed a better engine to do the race. So we did like most project managers would do: we decided to solve the problem. We rebuilt our engine (the core) in C with all the learnings we had made from our tests & our first version and all the code "porting" we could do. And we went on to build a Lima that would be properly functional, because that's what we promised to do during the campaign. At this time, we estimated this tech-base change to induce a 4 month delay in the development of the project. The reason we suffered from much more delays is another question: we simply faced more problems than anticipated in the development of the project, as explained via our updates. @Christopher: >> Why was CGC company formed using KS money which was direct violation of KS terms? Our company CGC is handling this Kickstarter campaign. It wasn’t formed using KS money. You cannot run a KS campaign as a company if your company hasn’t been formed. We have trouble understanding your logic here. Where do you take your information from? >> Why throw away 2 years of coding and starting again? See answer to your first question. >> Does Lima gather meta data? Yes. The Lima app gathers metadata from external services (Gracenote, TMDB) about your files, to improve your experience on the mobile app (you can disable this in our app). None of your files is uploaded to these external services in the process. Our company doesn’t gather any of these metadata. The Lima app contacts the external services directly. >> When data has to be routed through your servers is any data being gathered (file traffic should be encrypted but other data can be gathered)? No. >> Are there any security holes in the device seeing how it tries to switch on UPNP by default it worries me that other security issues are being hidden No. There’s not point in purposedly building a product with security holes. For your information, Lima is only using UPnP to ask your router to open an external port from inside your LAN, which is pretty standard in the industry and is not a security flaw. Our device doesn’t use UPnP in any other way and is not impacted by security flaws related to UPnP. >> Servers that route data, where are they based? have they been through penetration testing? We use Amazon instances as relay servers. They are geographically distributed around the globe (US, Europe, Asia). They have not been through penetration testing but the data they transport is encrypted end-to-end. >> Has coding been through 3rd party audit? No. Audit will only really make sense on a stable product. >> Which escrew company is holding the data needed should cgc go under and we need other routes? None. Why do you think we would need an ecrew company for? @Todd, we're sorry to hear you feel like this about our company. A lot of your statements seem to originate from misinterpretations in this thread and are either not accurate or not true. No matter how hard you believe in them, CGC is indeed a US company and it's difficult to argue that the products we ship every 15 minutes now are fundamentally different from what you backed. These are simply facts. If you're interested to check them, we invite you to register the the Beta to receive your reward to verify it by yourself. We'd be glad to get your feedback and to work with you to make Lima match your expectations. @Zied, @Jordan, @Sandy, @Jose, @Louis-Bassett, @Timo, @Bill, @Tim: Thanks for your feedback! @Gianluca: Thanks for your feedback. Linux version will come post-shipping, but it's definitely still on the roadmap. What distro do you use? @Daniel: Lima 0.8.1 for Windows is coming up soon. We'd be interested to see if it works on your Windows 8.1 computer. Let's stay in touch! @Evangelos, @Steve and @David Thank you for your feedback. @Andry A 0.8.1 release in the works for the beginning of next week (the QA team is currently testing it). We’ll give you more info on Monday in our weekly tech update. Don’t hesitate to check out the last one here: <url>’m sorry your experience with Lima is not yet as good as it should be. The AMA on reddit is a great idea and we will definitely think about it. @Kopikao, copying a huge quantity of files can “freeze” Lima at this point. It’s a bug we’re aware of: this is what the core team is working on right now with the refactoring of the Lima firmware. In the meantime, we recommend you to copy only small quantities of files at once. @Mitch We’re sorry but as you said, they only dropped them last week. Compatibility will be managed asap. @Maxwell, it seems that you haven’t signed the Beta testing agreement yet. That’s why your shipping process hasn’t started. Just look for the email “Invitation to the Lima Beta Testing Program” in your inbox and follow the steps to start the shipping process. @Provost, thanks for your feedback. We are currently working on that. Thanks @Ricardo, @Adam, @Hal @Carlos, @Marie-Louis, @john and @David for your feedback and your support. Welcome on board! Hi @Annette, for now, as @Merijn said it’s better to copy your files into the Lima folder while we are in beta. You can copy your entire music library in the Music folder of your Lima drive which will allow you to listen to all your music on the go through the mobile app. However, if your music library is huge, it’s better to not copy it entirely at once because of a current bug which compromises the copy process for a very large amount of files. So it’s currently better to copy your library little by little until the next releases. @Andry And we are very pleased that you’re helping us build Lima. We need your feedback (from all the beta testers) to help us take the right decisions on the product development. We heard your concern about the DLNA integration but we have to focus on the stability right now. Once the beta tests will be completed, we will have time to start working on that. @Andry Thanks for your feedback. Having a LED on the device itself is definitely something we will do in future versions of the product, as we saw it's more convenient indeed. Concerning subtitles, it should work if you have the SRT file in the same directory as the movie file with exactly the same name. Is it the case for you? If it is and still not working, can you please send a bug report? Concerning DLNA, we had to delay it post-shipping to focus on the core functionalities of Lima first, but it's already compatible with Chromecast and Apple TV. What's your setup? @Rafael When you sign up for the beta, you receive the final Lima hardware, and you keep getting software updates during and after the beta phase. Whether you start in beta or not, you'll always have the latest software available and the same product in the end. @Terence Thank you for sharing! @Paul, @Jerome: thanks for the feedback! @Provost We’re glad you decided to give it a spin. Happy to get your feedback after your first tests. @Martin: The idea of doing a Beta is to work hand-in-hand with you to help solve the issues you face when installing Lima on your devices. It’ll help us make Lima ready-to-ship faster, and help you get the awesome product you expect & deserve. Too bad you faced so much trouble on Windows. Good news though: as mentioned in our update, other beta testers have pointed out the issues and have worked with us since last week to help us solve them. Windows version 0.8.1 is on the way. Regarding Android, are you testing with the last version released on Friday (0.8.1)? It should solve most your issues too. Else, we’d be glad to get more info on the phone your using. @Joshua: we’ll send you an email to confirm your shipping address (and modify it) right before sending you your Lima. It’s the best way to do it. @Ikalios: We’d love to get more info on the use cases you wanted to explore with Lima. Not sure we’re so far from what you expect, even if we’re still in Beta. Have you registered to receive the product in Beta and try it out? @Andrew: We decided not to support using a NAS instead of a USB Hard drive for Lima storage as unfortunately it would imply reliability & security issues (because it would mean replacing our USB connection by a networ connection full of unknown). The idea has been poking us for a long time though, and we’re still thinking about we can integrate NAS devices in the Lima workflow. Setting the Lima to backup to the NAS is definitely something we will explore post-shipping. OK @Rodolfo, you’ll receive an email soon from our customer support. @Christopher: You need to open TCP, TCP port 25211. Tell us if you need anything else. @Nahum, could you please send an email to our support at this address <email>? We can’t deal all the individual issues on this wall, but it’s interesting for us to get more details on the issues you get & to troubleshoot them with you. Hi @Mark, Thanks for your feedback. Multiple hard drives support is indeed on the roadmap but will not be integrated during the Beta. We’ll let you know! @Andry: Don’t worry, you’re signature seems very real & legit, and doesn’t look at all like a dickbutt. Thanks @Merijn, @I&R, @Neumeier, @Benjamin, @Chad, @Alejandro and @Rodolfo for your feedback. Please continue to share your experience with Lima here. @Nimrod, @Andry this is just the beginning. We wish you’ll enjoy your Lima. @Rodolfo, We are very sorry your experience with Lima was a pain. We are very interested in your feedback. We’re currently working with the beta testers to solve most of the issues you've faced here, but each configuration/experience is different and the more info we get the better. Could we ask you some questions about your devices and your testing environment directly by email? @KokLeong, follow @Merijn, he’s right ;) Hi @henrik, you can report your bug on the Lima menu (to open it you have to click on the Lima icon on the status bar on Mac / right click on the Lima icon of the systray on Windows). Than click on “Report issue”. @Nathan thanks for reporting the bugs you’re facing via the Lima app, they’re used by the developers to correct them. If you need assistance and customized feedback, it’s better to send an email to the customer service (what you did yesterday afternoon). @Kjell, we recommend you to put offline the files which are already on your Lima drive to free up some of your computer local storage. @Everyone Don't forget that you can check our tech progress in our weekly update. The last one, published last Monday, is here: <url>’s the best way to get your Lima device as early as possible. We’re doing everything we can to be able to increase our shipping pace very soon. @Gabrielle, @min, @darren, @Kjell, thanks for sharing some words after receiving your Lima! @Kjell, we confirm what has been said by Christopher earlier. You need to plug a single empty HDD at this stage. Support for multiple HDDs will be added later on after the beta phase. 6000th comment! yay! @Timo you will be able to join the beta program in about a week. Once you’ve received the email, just follow the different steps. Once your shipping address is confirmed, you will get a tracking number to follow your parcel. @Everyone Don't forget that you can check our tech progress in our weekly update. The last one, published yesterday, is here: <url>’re currently thinking about and we would like to open such a forum once the BTA is lifted. At this stage, we collect all the questions and bug reports through our customer service. When necessary, we add information in our FAQ : <url>’t pay any import duties and VAT. 3- I confirm you UK power adapter are available, and I confirm you it’s what you have selected already. @Os since you encounter difficulties when testing Lima, we encourage you to contact the customer service (<email>) to receive assistance. @Nicolas, @Benjamin: To receive your Lima device, you can jump into the beta program whenever you like, please register here: <url>été transmis. Vous avez normalement reçu un email vendredi dernier pour vous prévenir qu'il y avait une nouvelle version : il faut l'installer et voir si vos problèmes sont persistants. @Espen: Thanks for testing on a Jolla! It's great to know Lima works well on Sailfish :) @Patrik, @Christopher: For clarification, this is a US-based Kickstarter campaign. Our company CGC is a US company, and so is Kickstarter. So European law may not apply here. There's nothing to fear about the warranty of Lima mentionned in our Beta tester agreement. What we're actualy doing is that we're giving you an *additional* half a year of commercial warranty when you Beta test the product. The warranty we apply to your rewards are an additional protection for you. It cannot lower or replace other guarantees given by the law. It's just an additional commitment from us to ensure that you'll get a properly working Lima. If you read in details, the European text you refer too make the distinction between commercial 'warranty' and the European 'guarantee' it in its second subpart ("Additional guarantees"). For the little story, in Europe most consumer-electronics companies offer only a 1-year commercial warranty. It offers clients an additional warranty for one year, but their products are also covered by the European 2-years guarantee (which often offers other, less-advantageous terms). Does that make more sense now? @Levvy: Lima only handles empty hard drives for the moment, as mentionned in our install wizard. You're data is actually still in your USB hard drive, but you just cannot see it through Lima. You can get it back easliy by unplugging your hard drive from Lima and plugging the drive back to your computer. @Brenna: Did you register to our Beta list? <url>"Sign the agreement" and you need to click on it. Do you see it? Maybe you should enable images on your email, even though it's supposed to be a button so appear in all cases. @rafael If you sign up to the Beta, you will receive the final Lima device, and will have 6 extra months of warranty, which sums up to a year and a half of warranty. It's not the hardware, but the software that is currently in Beta. You will then start with a beta version of the software, and get updates all along the way which will eventually lead to a non-beta version of the Lima software. @Jonas @Herman Thanks for keeping us informed! @All Beta testers. The new release is out! Check your emails. @Aaron: when installing this new version, you’ll be guided to install the mobile apps through text message. If you need help, read this: <url>’re on the beta list, and you get in the shipping process in about three days according to your number on our list. @all current beta testers: a new software release arrives tomorrow and I’m sure you’ll like it :) @Relle @Matan @maurizio @noelix Thank you for your feedback! @Sandip We are looking into it and are sorry for the delay of our logistic partner. @Matan You can already backup photos and video directly from your iPhone. a new release arrives tomorrow to make that process even faster. @ozymandias: Sorry for the email you just received. This wasn’t an official answer from Lima: this was an email from one of our employees who lost his temper. Some people in our team have difficulties tampering with receiving emails from you every day, and feel harassed. Of course, this was completely inappropriate and we deeply apologize for his behavior. @All: If you haven't seen it yet, the weekly update on our tech progress is here: <url>"talk through the Amazon Cloud". They establish a VPN and use it to talk to one another. In most cases, this VPN uses direct connection between devices (P2P). When no direct link is available (for instance: devices are behind NATs with no UPnP / open ports), as a fallback, the encrypted trafic is routed through relay nodes (proxies that are hosted on AWS) we provide to ensure your Lima can work properly. This traffic is encrypted end-to-end with SSL, with a per-user key we do not have access to, so even then we cannot access your data. To the few users confronted to this issue, you have to go in the admin interface of your router and active UPnP. Once that's done, UPnP will open a secure port allowing your devices to communicate directly with each other through VPN. If you have more question on how to do this, do not hesitate to send it to <email> and they'll help you out on this (They try to answer as fast as possible, but for trickier questions such as yours, it might take a bit longer than the average 8 hours as they have to ask developers) @Claes, we have not tested Lima with all the HDDs yet, it should be compatible with this one. @everyone, do not forget to take a look at our latest weekly update to be aware of everything we've done in the past week: <url>’s happening on a weekly basis, you can check our blog to get the latest news on debugging. Last week, we invited 200+ beta testers, pushing the beta group to 500+ people. We've been working on ejecting a drive, on the status of the syncing process and on critical bugs. See more on the blogpost <url>ɐuɹɐ Lechevalier: We've postponed this feature to stabilize the product & thus ship you faster, but it's definitely on the roadmap. We won't let you down on this one. @Amy Daley: For clarification, we won't require you to sign a NDA to send you your reward. You'll just need to do it if you want to participate to the beta test and help us stabilize the Lima apps. @TC, @BrianS: Linux version is still on the roadmap, of course. We just need to focus on Windows & Mac first to ship the majority of backers as soon as possible. @BrianS Some of our developers use Apple computers because its a prerequisite to develop well for MacOS or iOS. It doesn't prevent them from developping for other platforms. @TC: The Lima app will only store data on one HDD of your computer (you can choose which one). If you have multiple HDDs on your computer, they'll stay accessible. Their content just won't be accessible from your other devices. @Brian We plan to start shipping Lima devices to people who weren't in the beta list next week. The Lima will still be in beta though. We'll ship progressively, starting by sending one Lima device every hour. We will increase the shipping pace as soon as possible, and everyone will have received their Lima devices by the end of June. @Lorenzo: We’ll never force you to sign an NDA. You’ll have to sign a beta testing agreement if you want to receive your Lima in the next few weeks. If you don’t want to do that, that’s perfectly fine and we’ll send you your device once the beta testing agreement is lift, which will be by the end of June at worst. Note that you’ll be able to use the product right away using the Pioneer Kit version. If you’re unsure about the difference between the Pioneer Kit and the full unification version that will arrive in September, check out this page : <url>’t want to sign a beta testing agreement will receive their Lima devices as soon as we don’t need the beta testing agreement anymore. I can’t give you an exact date as we don’t know when the product will be stable enough to remove debug infos from it, but that will be in all cases before the end of June, as we’ll ship all backers by then. @Christopher Lewis: There seems to have been a misunderstanding on the reduced hardware warranty so we’re going to rewrite that part in the beta tester agreement: people who beta test the Lima device actually have 6 *extra* months of warranty, in addition to the one year warranty provided for the rewards of backers. So if you choose to receive your Lima device in beta test, you’ll have one year and a half of warranty. @TC: Lima’s core technology was developed on Linux: that means that everything is *already* coded for Linux except for the UI. @Lorenzo: Sorry. It's hard to find questions in this thread. > When are you going to deliver Limas to non beta testers? We'll begin shipping people that are not on the beta list next week. The product will still be in Beta. So technically, these people will still be Beta testers, and will still need to sign an NDA. NDA will be dropped as soon as the product is stable enough to remove debug infos from it. We then plan to intensify the shipping rate progressively so everyone can get his/her Lima by the end of June. > When will be Linux support be ready? We don't see that before the end of summer. We'll only work back on Linux after everyone is shipped and after we have spent the necessary time checking Lima works right for most of you. However, the core was developed on Linux, so finishing to develop a first Linux version should be quick and our developers are very eager to work on it. @Rey Espinueva, @Max Metz, @Ozymandias, @KC, @TaylorWatson, @Derya, @Chris Lewis, @TC, @IanR, @Brandon Williams, @Geert, @Dongjin Kim, @Keith Anderson, @Kjell Provost, @Brian Carter, @kokobin, @Ikalios, @Casey Allen, @John, @Michael. We definitely hear you. As mentioned earlier, we cannot provide refunds at this stage. Funds were already used to produce the Lima devices corresponding to your rewards. We understand your frustration. We understand how huge the delays have been since the first estimated shipping date. But the best and only thing we can do today is continue working on the project to ship you the best product possible. As you know, the technology behind Lima is unique and very challenging to build. We faced some bumps on the road, but we are finally coming to the end. - 500 beta testers are in the Beta program as we speak, - more backers will be able to join the beta and discover the Lima experience by the end of the month - all the backers’ Lima devices have been produced and are in our US and European warehouses ready to be shipped to your home, once we give a go. We will keep you updated as often as possible on Kickstarter and on our blog. Thanks for your patience. Thank you @Ian, @Tedd @Michael, @John, @Kane @Thomas @Olivier for sharing your feedback about the Lima hardware and the beta program. @All We indeed encourage beta testers to come here and comment on their experience. A new update will be posted early next week with the progress of beta tests and information about increasing shipping pace. @ozymandias Hello, this is Penelope talking. I was in the room with Severin during your conversation, so I heard what you were asking and what he answered. I can’t remember him saying “small people” or “small backers”. If he did - which I doubt - he surely didn’t mean it in a despising way as you seem to be suggesting. If Severin despised backers, he wouldn’t have spent an hour trying to explain you why it wasn’t possible to refund backers, as the funds were used for manufacturing the Lima devices you backed. What he did repeat over and over again, was that the project didn’t change. There seems to have been a misunderstanding concerning the Lima apps. As he tried to explain you, the Lima app is completely transparent on desktop, which makes it very different from Dropbox, but still requires a visible app on mobile, as shown in the Kickstarter description (Mobile section: "On your smartphone and your tablet, the Lima app will enable you to browse all of your files from everywhere”). And he did mention that you’ll be able to use Lima storage from other apps. All in all, I agree with you that the conversation wasn't very constructive, but I hope you’ve understood that our whole team remains fully dedicated to bringing you the best device possible, answering the project’s specifications, and that we’re all working very hard to achieve this. We’re almost there, and we’ll provide you with more info on the beta tests and shipping next week. Hey everyone, A new update is coming next week with some news about shipping. Additional beta testers have been invited (adding up to 300 in total). We hope that some of them will comment here to let you know who’s testing. Have a great week-end. @Pablo, @Peter we have started a new beta program in December, and by the end of this month, 300+ backers will have joined the program to help us stabilize the Lima software. From mid-April we will start to gradually ship more and more backers, we will bring more details in the next updates. You will get your Lima soon! Quick update: the Windows application is now live for beta tests. Previous beta testers and group Bangkok are starting to test as we speak. More info here: <url>’t worry, we will individually confirm your address before shipping, just as we’re doing with beta testers. @Ozymandias All backers are welcome to contact us anytime by sending an email to <email>. We answer all genuine emails, usually within 24 hours. Concerning your specific case, I’m afraid you have already emailed us more than 60 times asking the same questions over and over again. Christophe has repeatedly answered your questions, but after more than 20 answers that you do not seem to want to hear, he’s spending his time with people who have real questions. Let me remind you that we have also offered you to call you, or Skype you, but that you declined this offer. If you change your mind on this, do not hesitate to let us know. @David: I confirm that the Kickstarter money was spent in the production and development process (except for the shipping fees). All the hardware devices are ready and waiting to be shipped from our warehouses in the US and in Europe. As soon as the software is stable enough, we’ll roll out to all backers. The shipping fees remain untouched, as we haven’t shipped yet and are keeping that money to do so. @Stan: We’re still testing as this stage, as we’re only shipping backers who are part of the beta testing program. Concerning colors, you have chosen your color already on your backer dashboard. If you’d like to change, please send an email to <email>. @Joshua: we'll send you an e-mail to confirm your address right before shipping. You'll be able to change it then. @ozymandias and @Joseph, Linux is still on our roadmap. But we need now to focus on Windows to improve the performance and the stability of the app. We plan to develop the Linux client once the Mac and Windows will be more stable. @ozymandias: We haven’t changed the original project. What do you see different in the Android app? @Edson, we are currently performing private beta tests with selected backers. We plan to begin shipping gradually to the rest of the backers from mid-April. @David Unfortunately we can't refund your pledge as, as initially planned, funds were used for production and development process. As you may know, when you fund a project on Kickstarter, you’re not buying something, you’re helping a project to become a reality. And in return to your help you are rewarded. When you pre-order on our website you make a purchase, that’s different. So, as usual when you make a purchase you can be refunded. @Gio I confirm you that our goal is still to start shipping Lima to all our backers (outside of beta testers) in April. You’ll receive the Pioneer Kit which will evolve to the full Lima experience later in 2015 as we explained in the last update. The retail price will be $149 once people are able to order Lima directly without having to wait to receive it. The shipping date on our website concerns people who pre-order now, which isn’t your case as you backed the project on Kickstarter and will therefore receive it first. Regarding your question on update 36: yes, as mentioned during the campaign, we plan to add an “expert mode” to Lima enabling you to see a L: virtual drive in your system. Any folder you will place in this drive will be synced between your machines. You’ll be able to sync your files with very long paths by placing them at the root of this L: partition. @Merijn @Keith It will be possible to disable the metadata fetch feature if you don’t want to use it. We use Gracenote to find the metadata that improves the experience by enhancing your files data. During this process, your files’ content isn’t shared with Gracenote, and the connection to this service is anonymous. Concerning your second point, the development of metadata features has been handled by a separate developer from our team and didn’t have any impact on the shipping date. Hey guys, We've activated a great feature in the Pioneer Kit this week: movie recognition. Here's a little video to show you: <url>’s a fine line, but we’re happy with the first Beta results and that’s a good sign. @Christopher: Lima’s Unification technology only takes into account the folders in your user folder. So if you store something in the root of C:/ that will not be synchronized. Currently Lima’s technology is installed onto the drive where your system is. We’re working on making it possible to select the hard drive on which Lima stores data. @ozymandias: We explained in the project description (which can’t be changed after the campaign) that you don’t need an app for computers, whereas you do for mobile devices. You can even see a picture of what the app could look like entitled “Watch your movies anywhere // With the Lima app, stream your content on any device’ (Note that the design has evolved since). @Brandon: Thanks for your support! Leaving Lima on the Pioneer Kit is only temporary. The whole point of Lima is that you don’t have to think about synchronizing your files (which you still have to do with the Pioneer Kit, as you have to manually move the files into the Lima drive on your computer). So the concept of the Pioneer Kit is just there until we are sure Unification can safely manage all of your files. Can I ask you why you would prefer just to keep the Lima drive? @Merijn: The back-up plan will be included when Lima will begin general shipping in April. All you’ll have to do in this case is install your first Lima and then add the second one after that. @Andrew: 1. We currently use a server to serve as a relay only when communication between your devices or with Lima cannot be established by any other means. Even when using a relay, all communications are encrypted end-to-end. We’re planning to add settings options enabling you to control how the Lima connects to the outside World. 2. As of today, backup to NAS isn’t supported, but you can use free tools like CrashPlan to backup your data automatically from Lima to a NAS. Hope Lima will soon replace your Plex server & apps! 3. Lima enables you to access data “as normal” on your computer, directly via the File Explorer or via your apps. However, mobile devices don’t really have a File Explorer by default and don’t really use a file & folders paradigm to organize your content. So we created an app that works like a File Explorer to enable you to browse & access your files. Our app gathers any pictures & video you take on mobile to make them available to your other devices. We’re also working on features so you can save files in Lima by “Sharing” content from other apps. 4. You will indeed need to install a software to use Lima: an app for each one of your devices. These apps are a huge part of the product and Lima’s hardware cannot be used without them. 4bis: The Kickstarter funds are being used to fullfil our promise to backers. For each ~69$ backed, we’re currently producing a Lima device - as announced in our campaign. The $1,229,074 help us fund the production of 15788 devices. The costs attached to this production are split between hardware production (nre, electronics, plastic, auxiliary parts), software production and shipping. The biggest part of our software development costs is the cost of the team. You can count 15 people working on the product itself in our team. 5 other people work on customer care, overall management & marketing. Kickstarter funds support production and shipping to backers. Part of the software production costs and costs to build & grow our company are supported via external funding. @Cyril: There is a list of beta testers. Those who weren’t selected to be on the beta list were notified. About 100 beta users have been invited to receive the device and test the apps in January. More to come this month. @fmotta: Actually, the hardware spec hasn’t changed since the Kickstarter. Only the plastic casing was re-worked. The Lima you’ll receive is the one described in our Kickstarter page, even if we had to make serious changes in the software internals during the way to improve its performance, maintainability & stability. @Timo: Sure, it’s still happening. To keep you up to date, the project suffered from several delays due to bumps in software development (you can get more info through our KS updates). The good news is we’ve made a lot of progress and are currently running beta tests with the first backers. We’re about to add even more. As we progress through the tests we’ll add more beta testers and will ship all backers when Lima is more stable. For clarification, some people seem to think that the project has changed. We confirm it hasn’t, the project we’re working on is still the one described on the project description page, except for the plastic casing of the hardware which was improved post campaign. We understand how frustrating it can be to wait for the project to ship. It’s already been a year and a half since the end of the campaign. However be sure that our enthusiasm and our commitment to deliver your Lima are intact. We’re now testing the product with some of you on the field and we’re very close to delivering to more beta testers. We are living a very exciting moment of this project and we’re very close to getting the Lima devices to your hands. @Sean: When we opened signups for the beta we had 800 people to sign up and were able to select 500 who were eligible to test. Those 500 were divided into different groups to which we are gradually rolling out. We opened up our private beta to 100 beta testers and we’re about to include more groups in the tests. Currently the beta testers are limited in how much they can disclose about what they are testing. We know it’s frustrating not to be able to get more information from the beta testers. As we roll out to more groups this limitation will be removed and we hope more of them will share their experience here. @Noelix we can’t guarantee you’ll be in the beta test group (we have already 500+ people registered), yet you can send your details (devices used and OS versions, tech level) to Christophe (<email>) and we will see if we can include you in one of the groups in the future. @Hans: Transporter is a NAS device. You can read the difference with Lima in our campaign’s FAQ: <url>#project_faq_62136 Long story short: whereas Transporter will create only a single folder on your computer, Lima will synchronize every folder on your computer meaning you don’t have to think about moving files into one specific folder. @Haemophilic: As stated in the campaign, the Lima device hardware is based on the Wanser-R, a commodity device produced by MRT Communications.We’ve changed some components of the Wanser-R, so it meets Lima's performance requirements. The firmware, which gives its main functions to the device, is fully reprogrammed. The main innovation of Lima relies in the software used by Lima, not the hardware. @fmotta: We feel that the lack of device’s internal storage remains an important frustration for a lot of people. And we agree with you that more and more people prefer to go for lighter devices such as Mac Air or Surface. With a 2TB hard-drive plugged to Lima, even a small device can feel as if it has 2TB of storage. @ozymandias, @keith: The earphones are included with all Lima devices and are supporting the idea that with Lima all your devices will contain your *entire* music library, whatever their size & brand. @Keith: We announced in Update #5 that Lima was compatible with Google Chromecast. I confirm you that this feature is already implemented and is currently tested by beta testers. There is no mention of free Chromecast devices though. For everyone wondering about the packaging, each Lima has headphones but only beta testers receive a T-shirt with their Lima. More information about the beta is coming soon. We are currently preparing an update that should be up finished soon and will give you more information about our progress and the next steps. @Merijn: There is still a server that is being used for communications outside of your local network when a direct communication with your Lima cannot be established. It is still the plan that this will be removed in the future. @Benoit: Your Kickstarter reward is indeed late compared to the initial schedule, yet the plan is still to deliver your reward as soon as possible. The beta test program is currently running with 100 backers, and it helps us get a better idea of when we will ship the rest of our backers. An update is coming soon. Hey everyone, A quick update to debrief you about where we are. - Severin and the marketing team came back from the CES. It was a very interesting event, which also enabled us to meet a lot of backers. We met 5 backers at our meetup on Monday and a bit more than 30 backers at our booth during CES (including the founder of Pebble!). It was great to hear their support and enthusiasm, and we listened with attention to their feedback. @Robert: There seems to have been a misunderstanding between you and Severin. We knew that there would have to be an upgrade of the software some day, but that didn’t mean we thought our software wasn’t yet ready for consumers. It was only after auditing our code after the campaign that we realized it would be impossible to support the early version of Lima for 17 000 devices while simultaneously upgrading the software for everyone. Concerning the demo, we can’t remember for sure as we met and demoed Lima numerous times over CES. It’s very unlucky if you saw the demo crash as we were pretty happy with it during the four days. Is it possible that you left before we could give it another try? - On the product side, the technical team hasn’t been out of work while we were in Las Vegas. As planned, we released the Pioneer Kit’s Beta on Monday, and 52 beta testers have already started reporting bugs and providing feedback. Monday was a pretty intense day, but we’re really happy with the start of this new wave of tests, and will tell you more about it as soon as we have meaningful insights about the performance of the software. You can find pics and more info here: <url>’ve seen a lot of fantasizing about the fact that our project has changed since the Kickstarter campaign. It hasn’t: the Kickstarter page isn’t editable, and we’ve never said Lima was ‘just a personal DropBox’ or anything alike. We said it was the “brain of your devices”, and as we stated in the FAQ: “The main innovation in Lima is that it manages all of your data for you. Not only the contents of a specific folder. The Lima app replaces the entire file system of your computers. It handles everything: from the pictures in your "My Pictures" folder, to the files on your Desktop. So it really does feel like all your devices have the same memory: you can download something on your Mac, and open it on your PC. Everything is in Lima, and the Lima app makes synchronization invisible to you.” We don’t understand why there is a confusion on that point: we’ve always been building the project you backed on Kickstarter and we’ve never changed the scope of it. * This week has been a big milestone for us. We remain totally focused on debugging Lima’s software with our current beta testers, and hope to be able to make the beta group bigger as soon as possible. Our number one priority is on shipping and we’re nearly there. Quick update for everyone: So far 50 people have confirmed their participation as beta testers. We’re still waiting for the remaining to confirm their participation. After a tester signs his NDA, his device is sent out to him. With the CES coming up fast, we will be holding a meetup for all Las Vegas based backers or any out of town backers who will be in Vegas for the CES. The meetup will be held at 5pm on Monday January 5th in Spring Valley, about 2 miles away from the strip. We will send a registration link soon. @Merijn: We haven’t replaced any video, so I don’t see what you mean? The install video is still in update 33. It’s hosted on Vimeo so that we can give you the best possible video resolution. Once you publish a Kickstarter update it’s impossible to edit it after 30 minutes, so no video could ever have been replaced. We will post the NDA publicly as soon as the 100 beta testers have signed it. They can publicly confirm their participation and the fact that they have received their Lima (+ post picture of the Lima device). @Ozymandias: You were told that you were put on a waiting list for the beta. This does not mean that you are part of the 100 beta testers that are part of the beta right now. Please note that there are a lot of backers who followed the normal process this Summer, and who are before you in line. The other option we gave you was to receive the hardware without any software until the release for all Kickstarter backers but you rejected this. @ErikH: When using Lima you will see that all of your user files will be synced automatically wherever you save them. It means that even a document that is on your desktop will be stored on the hard drive attached to Lima, and thus available from your other devices. NAS devices (like Transporter) provide a specific drive into which you have to put your files if you want to make them available across your devices. On your mobile devices you will be able to open media content, such as movies or music, just by streaming them so that they don’t take up any space on your phone. The Lima app won’t force you to download the files before opening them. Hi there, As we said on Twitter yesterday the week has been very intense and we won't be able to shoot an update this week. The team is 100% focused on shipping the first betas this month. Sorry to make you wait for the beta details. We'll do our best to update you in the next few days. @Gio: An update, with more information about beta tests and shipping, is coming this week. @Alex: We replied to your e-mail on October 29th but it might have gone into your spam. We sent you another e-mail and a Kickstarter message today. @Christopher: The 100 beta testers will be selected from the list of those who signed up. We’ll explain more about the process in our next update. @Merijn: We’ll give more information about the process for the beta and the steps ahead in our next update. @Merijn: Chromecast is working and we’ll try to include something in a future update. On mobile devices, Chromecast will work directly from your Lima app. To cast something from your desktop, you do what you’ve always done and open the file in Chrome and then cast it. @Andreas, @Ozymandias: As we’ve always said we’re on track to ship beta testers in mid-December. We’re currently preparing an update that will explain the process in more detail. @Chante: We're going to send out deliveries for beta testers in December. After that we'll ship Lima to all backers. We can't give you a definite date for that yet. We explained the delay and the reasons for it in one of our past updates: <url>’t changed since our campaign. We suffer from delays, as explained in our updates. As mentioned here, our next target is to restart beta in December. @ozemandias: The update is not backers only. It's open to everyone. @Joshua: We’ll send an email right before shipping to check your address and you’ll be able to change it then, but alternatively you can also just send us an e-mail at <email> and we’ll take care of it. @KC: Answer on pin in the update comments @Henrik: Since a lot of the code is proprietary, we aren't able to fully open up things like that. If you have any further questions we'll do our best to answer them. @Friddie: We're going to be restarting the beta tests with 100 backers in December. After that we'll start shipping all backers. @Ozymandias: Some of you requested the hardware in advance of shipping. As we've explained those backers would receive Limas without the software. Once Lima is shipped to all backers those who have their hardware will be able to update and use their Lima. This does not mean that the Limas they receive will have been "deliberately broken" it's just without any software. The software will be reserved for beta testing purposes. If those backers who received their Limas in advance do not tamper with it then they will be able to use it at the same time as everyone else. @Amy: We can't offer any refunds because this would put the project at risk. We're doing everything we can to ship as early as possible but we can't foresee the results we'll have from the beta tests in December so it's impossible to give you a precise date like February 1st. We can give you a time frame which is beginning of 2015. Take a look at our recent update where you can see where we are: <url>’re very impressed with creators that are able to do that many qualitative updates while staying focused on their product. We try to do as many updates as we can, aiming at 2 per month. We feel it’s the right balance between keeping you updated on our progress and working on developing the product. Note that if you have additional questions, we do answer backers on this feed on a daily basis. @Peter: Refunds aren't possible as the project is still going on. We're as frustrated as you are about the delays. We explained the reasons behind them here: <url>’re going to restart the beta with 100 backers in December. Deliveries for all the backers will follow in early 2015. @James: Please send an email to Christophe (<email>) about this and we'll put you on a waiting list for the beta testers. @Henrik, @David, @James, @Merijn: We’ll publish an update very soon to tell you where we are. @ozymandias: Our firmware is still based on OpenWRT, even if we use proprietary filesystem drivers to increase performance and stability on NTFS & HFS+ drives. @fmotta, @ozymandias: Concerning the fact that our Kickstarter project has changed: our product is still the same. You funded a project of which the development wasn’t over. It’s normal for technical details to change over the course of development. However, you can be sure our product keeps following the specifications that were given at the time of campaign. The Kickstarter TOS would have been violated if we had decided to ship a product with completely different functionalities. Again, this is not the case. @ozymandias: As we explained in the previous comments the project is still under way. We held meetups in Paris, London and Dublin and have met over 70 backers who live in each city. We can't force them all to take pictures or record the meetups and post on Kickstarter or on social networks. Nonetheless, some have done so on Twitter. You just choose not to believe them. Our intention is to take the opportunity to meet backers wherever we go. So a meetup in Las Vegas is coming up in January when the team will be at the CES. We'll confirm the date and location as we get closer to the date. As we've explained in the past, we're incorporated in the United States but our office is based in France. We only send out invitations to people who live where the meetups are held, so that we don't spam everyone with invitations when there is little chance that they will be able to come since they don't live in the same country. Yet, we have also posted the invitation links in updates a week in advance (London and Paris here: <url>#comment-8260266, <url>#comment-8138074 , <url>#comment-8078652 ) as well as on our Facebook (<url>’ve held the product. See the picture here: <url>’t meet Lokiracer. We were at our booth all day, but he didn’t stop by. @fmotta: The scope of the project wasn't changed. Our reasoning for changing the programming language was explained in a previous update here: <url>“gain time”, but to try to answer your concerns as best as possible. That’s also why we held backer meetups, and will continue to do so. We remain available here and more content will follow about the project development. Let us know if there's anything else we can to do reassure you about the project. @Ian, @Christopher: An all black and an all blue Lima have been produced, and were available on the dashboard. Regarding the other colors, we announced that in a post where we explained the redesign: <url>’s Bistro at 8am. Wifi is a bit overcrowded around here. So Amandine sent you her phone number if we have problems to meet. Please confirm us if you can make it this time! @Awakened Sleeper: The campaign made possible the production of the hardware and funded our work to finish the product. As stated before, the Lima devices (hardware part) are indeed manufactured and, as we talk, first shipments from factory to warehouses are happening. Software takes more time than anticipated, but you’ll see more results soon, as beta tests with 100 backers will start in December. @Steve: We were a little disappointed. From the 9 people who signed up, only one came to see us and we showed him the same demo as we did at the other backer meetups. Regarding your suggestion for using two different networks, we'll include this in our next demo video. @Hasan: As we've explained before, we are looking into the possibility of shipping a non-working Lima (hardware but without the software) to a few backers. If it’s possible, you will get it at the same time as the deliveries for beta testers. We'll keep you posted to confirm your shipping details. @Ian R: All of the colors have been produced and are ready to be shipped to you once the software is ready. Don’t worry, you’ll get your Black Lima in the beginning of 2015. @Aaron: The Hootoo Tripmate Elite is a NAS, so you have to create another directory for your files to be stored in. If you want access to your files, you have to move them from your local harddrive onto the harddrive that’s connected to the Hootoo Tripmate. We also have an article in our FAQ that outlines the differences of Lima to a NAS like the Hootoo Tripmate that you can read here: <url>“deleted files”: After installing Lima, all of your locally stored files will be replicated onto Lima. By default, all the files that were initially on a device, or that are newly created on this specific device are “pinned”, which means that a local/physical copy is kept on the device. If you want to free up some space, you’ll have the possibility to unpin the file, which means that it won’t necessarily have a local copy but will still remain accessible when online using Lima. All in all, the Lima can’t remove a local copy of a file that was initially on the device unless you take action. If you delete a file on your device however, it will also be deleted on your Lima. @dim3m: We are looking into the possibility of shipping a non-working Lima (hardware but without the software) to a few backers. If it’s possible they would get it at the same time as the deliveries for beta testers. @James: Concerning Backblaze, Backblaze will backup the entire content of your Lima as it will backup (among other things) your entire User directory. It’s a separate service, but it’s a perfect addition to Lima. @James: A penetration test conducted by a third party is planned. Regarding point to point traffic, all the transfers between devices are encrypted via TLS, using open-source technologies (Open SSL). @Federico: We’re going to restart the beta with 100 backers in December. Deliveries for all the backers will follow in early 2015. @Lokiracer: We've sent an email with a place where we could meet on Wednesday morning and go to the Summit from there. We look forward to seeing you there. *** Reminder: we'll be holding a meetup in Dublin tomorrow, from 5 to 7 pm. Anyone living there or going to Dublin for the Web Summit is most welcome to join. Details here: <url>’ll recover all your data. - If you had more data on the drive attached in Lima than on your devices, Lima will have previously recommended you to find an another backup option for your data (second Lima or Backblaze for example), in which case you’ll just have to replace the failed drive. @ozymandias: Concerning the Lima mobile apps : once again, the difference on how Lima works on Desktop and Mobile was clearly described in the project description. Indeed, on both desktop and mobile, you don’t have to move your files in a specific folder but as we stated: “On your smartphone and your tablet, the Lima app will enable you to browse all of your files from everywhere. You’ll be able to display all of your pictures and videos, to open documents, and to listen to your entire music library. Everything will be there.“ @ozymandias: When you will plug several drives to Lima, it will offer you 2 options: - RAID-like replication between your drives or - using the additional drives for additional storage space with no redundancy. This option is useful if you have several small drives or several Limas. Finally, Crashplan and Backblaze are pretty neat services you can use in addition to Lima. Indeed, we recommend these solutions for those who don’t want to use several Limas or several drives, as stated in the project description. @Henrik: in order to control your storage space, we’ll allow you to manage the amount of saved versions in the History settings. However, it won’t be customizable by file type. For Blu-Ray or DVD, it won’t be a bottleneck as those are files you don’t often modify. @Christopher: Yes, a security review by a third-party company is planned. @Fernanda: We’re going to restart the beta tests with 100 of the backers in December. We’re aiming the ship backers after that, in early 2015. @fmotta: -- About rootkits We don’t understand the comparison between Lima and a rootkit. If your concern is about root privileges, we already answered to your comments here: <url>#comment-8186786 As James mentions, we only need root privileges to install the Lima app. It enables us to install the proper services and OS integrations needed for Lima to work with your computer. The Lima app then runs without root privileges. -- About FUSE You can get more info about the way we use FUSE in our previous comment: <url>#comment-8086164 -- About code review Verification by a qualified third party is planned. @ozymandias: again, OS integration is different between desktop computers and mobile. The Lima app won’t replace your entire file system on your smartphone so it can’t cause any issues. Our app creates a file explorer to browse through your files. On the Lima app, you see the integrality of your files and you can have access to all of them remotely. @Henrik, -- About encrypted drives: You can get more info about it in our previous comment here: <url>#comment-8122237 -- About file replication Replicating your files with Lima will be a possibility. You can set it up by setting up two separate Limas, each with their own drive, in two different locations that will then replicate the files between them. We are also working on the possibility to plug two drives on a single Lima, to get local replication between the drives in a RAID-like configuration. In any case Lima will warn you if some of your files aren’t replicated. @Ozymandias, @fmotta: As we said in our previous responses concerning the fact that our Kickstarter project has changed: our product is still the same. You have funded a project which development wasn’t over. It’s normal for technical details to change over the course of development. However, you can be sure our product keeps following the specifications given at the time of campaign. @Lokiracer: Wednesday morning is ok for us. Send us the address of your hostel and we’ll arrange something. @fmotta we don’t create a hard-drive format and Lima doesn’t use non-standard drive format to store data on the hard drive you connect to it. As stated on the campaign description, it’s compatible with drives formatted in NTFS, HFS+, FAT32 and Ext3/Ext4. It will keep the format of the drives you connect to it. @Steve: yes, our sharing feature will allow you to share a folder with other people. The rest of your data will remain private so they won’t be able to access it. @James: You’re welcome! Sure, we’ll keep you posted. @Lokiracer yes, backup in multiple location is still a functionality of Lima. As stated in the project description, if you have two Limas you can make them replicate your data in two different places. Moreover, it'll bring you a faster access as you'll be using several connections. @Lokiracer, @Gio Note that nothing has changed on that point. We can’t modify the project description after the end of the campaign. Finally yes, Lima will be able to handle your user folders even if they are not stored in the partition your system is installed on (as long as they are on an internal hard drive). It will actually store its own data on the partition used to store your user folders. Concerning our meeting in Dublin, Wednesday is still the best day for us too. We are available as well before the conferences (8 a.m) as after (from 5 p.m). Let us know the time slot which suits you best. @Lokiracer: We sent you an email to set up a meeting in Dublin. Did you receive it? You'll be meeting Severin, Amandine and Penelope. As you've gathered from the videos we've posted, I don't think bodyguards will be necessary :) @James: As we said we’re working on stabilizing the product as a whole. Focusing on a single folder helps us isolate bugs that would be equally reproduced elsewhere. Once we’ve restarted the beta in December we’ll be able to demo the final product in its test phase. @Terry: We have only sent an email to people living in Ireland because we didn’t want to spam 13 000 people who have little chance of flying to Dublin just to meet us. But if you are ready to get on a plane and come and meet us, we’d be very honored and invite you to sign up on the link I just mentioned in the comment below. All of those coming to Dublin for the Summit, as we are, are most welcome too. *** Dublin meetup on Nov 3rd *** Concerning the Dublin meetup: we’ll be meeting backers on next Monday (Nov 3rd) from 5 to 7pm. All of those interested in meeting us are welcome to sign up here: <url>’ve already answered your comments. <url>#comment-8122312 Concerning our meeting with you, we offered you to come during the week-end back in June because Severin was in China during the week, but you couldn’t make it. Doesn’t matter: I’m sure we’ll find a time and place in Dublin and finally meet each other next week. We’ll get back to you by tomorrow by email to tell you what would be best for us (we’re still waiting for the Summit to tell us on which day we’ll be exhibiting). @Kenny: To catch up on our progress, please watch this video: <url>’re starting new beta tests with 100 beta testers along backers in December, and will ship all Lima at the beginning of 2015 according to the results of the tests. @James: The aim of Lima is to manage all of the files in the user folder. Currently we're working on stabilizing the filesystem in itself. We decided to show you a demo of the one single folder because this is the configuration we’re working on at the moment. Testing on a single folder instead of our entire computer allows to better contain the bugs. If you want to see unification in action, please see what we’ve previously demo'ed: <url>’t understand you. Did you read our comment? (<url>#comment-8186604) We’re offering to meet you on Tuesday or Wednesday or Thursday according to what suits you and also works for us during the Summit. It looks like you’re the one not wanting to meet us anymore. If you still do want to meet us, please send an email to <email> so we can arrange it. @Kyle: Concerning the Family Sharing iTunes update, we haven’t tested it yet, but it normally shouldn’t change anything for Lima. @KC: Indeed. Lima’s use is optimized for Windows Explorer and for Mac Finder. @Steve: Concerning your suggestion of turning off WiFi on the phone, it’s indeed a good idea and we’ll make sure to do that in the next demo. @Ozymandias: We’ll be using FUSE - which is open source - for all the things that are at kernel level. Updates will be available on Linux using the traditional distribution update mechanisms (apt, yum). @Christopher: The mobile apps are in the stage where they’re able to be on different networks. However, our developers are still working on them and testing them at the office. @Arnold: All the trips where we met our backers were already planned and only concern the marketing team and Severin. All the developers and people working on the product itself remain in our office to work on shipping a stable Lima ASAP. So, in under no circumstances are those trips impacting the shipping date of Lima. Concerning the filesystem driver, the Lima app and services all run without admin credentials. However, note that you need to have admin credentials to install Lima’s software (including the filesystem driver). @fmotta: Lima’s stance is to give you exactly the same content on all your devices, meaning the same file tree and the same files everywhere. That means that when you’ll put To-do files on your desktop, you’ll also see those files appear on all your other devices. However, the data of the files themselves won’t be downloaded on your other devices unless you click on the files, or pin the files on your devices (right click to make them available offline). That means that you’ll see the icon of the files, and that your computer will know there’s a file at this specific place (=it’ll have all the files metadata), BUT it won’t take up storage space on those other devices. Once you delete the to-do files on your first device, it will instantly disappear on all others. Concerning your system files, they won’t be synchronized (ex: APK). Lima only synchronizes the User folder and excludes app data folders (Library folder on Mac, AppData on Windows). Concerning the HDD attached to Lima, it’s not meant, and shouldn’t be unplugged or replugged. You can not speed up the process in the way that you described. However, you should do the first setup of all your devices on your home Wifi: it will go very quickly and won’t use the Internet (so won’t take up bandwidth) as Lima will be using your local network. Concerning your other external storage devices: the first time you plug them to Lima, you’ll instantly see all the files appear on all your devices. However, as stated above, the data of the files won’t be downloaded until you open the files or pin them on one device (so until you take action). @Henrik: Glad you’re back. Thanks for your feedback. Concerning meetups, all backers are invited and we have no control over who comes, who’s critical, who’s active on social networks and KS thread, etc. The meetups are pretty informal so we don’t want to record people’s conversations. But we are ready to answer all your questions here, so feel free to ask. @Lokiracer: we’ve chosen Monday night for the meet up as all the other nights are pretty busy with Summit events. However, we’re completely open to finding another time where we can meet you and show you the demo. Can you please send an email to Christophe on <email> so that we can find a time and place that suits us all? @Kyle: Thank you very much for your support! I’d even call it an Iron Man ;) Concerning hardware, we’re still working on logistics and seeing what would be possible to ship those who want the hardware without the software (which we still advise against). At this stage, we can only say that it won’t be before a month so it could be around the same time as we ship the first beta testers in December. Concerning software, Lima devices have a firmware that will automatically update when connected to the Internet once Lima’s software is ready. Concerning iTunes, it won’t be a problem: the iTunes accounts aren’t in Lima. That means that when user A goes on his iTunes session, he will only see his music, and when user B goes on his, he will have his own music too. However, when you go in the Music folder itself, and on the Lima mobile app for instance, you’ll have all the music that’s on the computer, so music from user A and B. @ozymandias: Concerning failure: a Kickstarter project fails if the Creator is unwilling or incapable of shipping rewards to backers. This isn’t by any means our case. The hardware is already produced in China, and we’re 20 people working day and night on Lima: we’re making progress every day and we’ll soon be able to start new beta tests. @Ozymandias: Our company is American but our office is in Paris, as we’ve explained numerous times, for ex here: <url>#comment-8086133 We’ll be in the US in January for sure (in Las Vegas, where we’re going for CES), and maybe somewhere else in the US before that. We’ll be sure to hold backers meetups when we’re there and let you know. @Steve: If you’re traveling to Paris while your Lima is at home in the US, you will indeed be able to see all your files on your iPhone from Paris and if you take a picture for instance, it will be instantly sent to your Lima in the US over the Internet. Our demo doesn’t show that part because it’s difficult to show 2 devices over different networks in a single video. But we'll take your feedback into account for future updates. @Lokiracer: We previously answered the questions in your list: <url>#comment-8122255 As we already mentionned, some of your statements aren’t correct. @Steve: The demo was to show everyone what we were showing at the meetups and to show the hardware setup. We already demoed the software in previous videos: <url>’t force people to post pictures on social media. Some backers did post about the event on Twitter: <url>’t want to ship Lima’s hardware without the software, as you just can’t use it without the software running. @Max: Lima will still allow you to share files with your family or anybody else. With Lima you just have the additional advantage that files in your user folder will be synchronized between all your devices. @London backers that attended the meetup yesterday: Thank you very much for coming, it was great to see you (and your families for some ;) ) and answer your questions! @Dave and all others wanting the hardware: We are indeed considering it and will contact you by email. @Dave @Lokiracer: We’ve posted pictures on our Twitter account (London: <url>’t force people to post pictures on social media. Note that some backers did post about the event on Twitter: <url>’t be any issues in your case. We were speaking about the hard drive that is hooked up to the Lima. If you have an SSD in your PC, Lima will not add any additional writes to it. @Scott Lorna is right. It’s an application for a trademark from our French company. @Christopher: Forgetbox is still the name of our French company. @Robert: A lot of people had questions about the hardware which is why we posted the update to show it. We understand the importance of the software and we will be showing you more soon. @All of those who want the device without the software, it’s duly noted. @Hasan Like we said in our previous responses, using the infinite symbol as a logo is something that is very common. @Lokiracer We appreciate that you encouraged us to contact you with corrections for your summary, but we’re a bit confused: we’ve answered all of these questions already (On October 9th and onwards). For some of them, several times. We agree making a list is useful. But we think that if this list isn’t updated or only serves to aggregate misinterpretations, then it’s more of a trolling than a summary. We want to take your feedback seriously, and answer your questions. We think you’re a great commenter. We know your intention is good, and we need you to help us keep the conversation constructive so we can all focus on the real questions & feedback. Regarding the list, we’re completely open to address it (see below) and we can check together items you feel are not sufficiently discussed. 1/ Patents are a confidential process. It’s normal that they stay secret as long as possible. 2/ We have some hardware at our offices, but the majority of the production is in Shenzhen waiting to be shipped to warehouses where they’ll be ready to be sent to backers as soon as the software is ready. See yesterday’s update for more info: <url>’m not sure what you mean here, but since one of Lima’s key features is to enable you to stream stuff away from your home thanks to the Internet, we are indeed looking at the quality of the WiFi in the places where we’ll be holding meetups. 5/ CGC is an American company, legally and administratively responsible for this campaign. It is the one handling the funds. It is also the one managing & paying production. It’s incorporated in Delaware, at 2915 Ogletown Road #1837 Newark, DE 19713. So we logically put this address on Kickstarter. The team behind the product Lima however, is located in Paris. You can have a peak into our Parisian offices on this Tyba page: <url>’t violated KS TOS in any way: we will deliver the pledges as promised. We are just late. 7/ Preordering and backing is different. You funded the development of a project, through its ups and downs, by pledging. We used that funding to manufacture the Lima product and finish developing its software. People who pre-ordered a device later on our website did it like in a regular store. They are not funding a project, but pre-ordering a product. It’s not the same type of contract. Pre-orders get Lima at a higher price, they will receive it after Kickstarter backers and they are allowed to get a refund if they cancel their order at least 15 days before shipping. 8/ We’ve already shown you the way Lima works here <url>’ll be showing more at the meetups and on Kickstarter soon. 9/ Concerning the fact that Lima will replace the file system of your OS: yes, that’s what we do. The project hasn’t changed since our Kickstarter campaign, and we’re still working hard to build Lima as we promised it to you. This innovation was explained in further details in the FAQ of our KS page : “The main innovation in Lima is that it manages all of your data for you. Not only the content of a specific folder. The Lima app replaces the entire file system of your computers. It handles everything: from the pictures in your "My Pictures" folder, to the files on your Desktop.” This is a very big responsibility, and this is why we’re taking the time necessary to make sure it’s stable and safe for your devices and your files 10/ UPnP isn’t a requirement for Lima: it’s simply the principal method that Lima uses to do cross-firewall communications. Lima will continue to work perfectly if UPnP isn’t available, and not necessarily using our servers. We're also working on other methods, such as enabling you to open a port manually on your router. 11/ We’ll ship towards the beginning of 2015 yes. We’re not giving you a more precise date as it depends on the results of the beta tests that start again in December. 12/ We rebuilt the software in C to give you a more robust product from the start. Explanations in our video 0’50”: <url>’t just black and white. There was multiple reasons for delays that we’ve explained here <url>’14”) 14/ We never said it was completely finished, and we didn’t finish it because we switched to the C version and put all our energy on that. 15/ Betas have been paused, Explanations in our video 3’53 <url>’s offices <url>’t a surprise and the bugs you seem to be referring to are solved. However, in such a complex project, Unicode isn’t something as simple as it seems. 17/ See answers 12 and 13. 18/ Lima will work on computers with multiple users. However Lima isn’t a multiple-user device: you have to have one Lima per user, just as you need to have one iPhone per user or one Jawbone per user. If you’re using a computer with multiple users, each user will need to have his own Lima, and his own session to work with it. 19/ Yes, your Lima syncs the integrality of your files from your “user” folder. Its a personal device that will only be used by yourself, so we don’t see why you wouldn’t want to have your family videos on all of your own devices. Don’t be mistaken here: files in your Lima can’t be seen by anybody else than yourself, unless you choose to share specific folders with other people. @Henrik Lima doesn't currently support encrypted drives (e.g. drives partitioned with an encrypted HFS+ partition). However, a version encrypting your files on the drive connected to Lima (over a non-encrypted partition) is planned. Regarding SSDs, Lima will use them a bit more than a computer does, as the disk will be used each time one of your devices wants to read your files. Lifetime shouldn't be degraded more than when you plug a drive into a classic NAS device. About multi-user devices, Lima *does* support multi-user devices. However, Lima isn't a multi-user device itself (just like your iPhone). @Terry Your Lima can be connected to as many personal devices as you like: your smartphone + your computer + your tablet + your other computer + etc., as long as its your devices. What we meant was that 1. There can only be one Lima per person. 2. Lima is based on the principle that your devices are only used by yourself, like your smartphone. In cases where there are multiple people using the same device, for example a computer (as family computers), we recommend using different sessions for each user to make sure that each Lima user is the only one with access to his personal data. @KC: The Lima devices are indeed sealed. If you want to see how, you can check the video we posted in the update : <url>’ll continue to update our backers approximately every two weeks. We cannot control who receives the update. However, if you want to stop receiving these emails, you can change the settings on your Kickstarter account. It should do the trick. Tell us if it works @Chris Currently, Lima is based on the idea of one computer per person, so it’s not yet ideal for family computers. In your case, our advice to start would be to create different sessions on your home computer, that can be protected by a password. A work mode is on our roadmap but is something that is planned in for after shipping. Lima is very different from ODrive. 1/ ODrive is a cloud aggregator. 2/ With Odrive, you can’t see the files inside a folder before you’ve manually synced the folder. 3/ If you want to keep your files off the Cloud, you need to set up a server yourself. 4 / And most importantly, Odrive doesn’t unify the memory of all your devices. With the unification from Lima all your files and folders get synchronized so you don’t need to move your files to a specific folder to have them on all your devices. Regarding the logo we were as surprised as you about it. We are in no way associated with ODrive. But as we’re sure you’ve noticed it’s a very common symbol to use as a logo. @Gio Don’t worry, the expert mode to sync files outside the user directory is in the works. @chris I’m sorry because there seems to be a big misunderstanding here, and we’ve obviously explained things badly somewhere if you’ve understood this. Here are the answers: A. You have to be online to have access to the *integrality* of your content. What does that mean? Let’s say you have a 2TB drive and a 300 GB computer. With Lima, you will see the 2TB of files on your computer as if they were on your computer. - As long as you’re online, you can click, view, modify, etc. any of those 2TB of files. - When you’re offline, you continue to see the icons of those 2TB of files, but you can only click on those that are stored locally on your device, which means your initial capacity of 300 GB (the files that aren’t stored locally will be grayed out). So, how do you decide which files are stored locally and which aren’t? That’s what we call the “pin” function. When a file is “pinned” on a device, it means that there’s a local copy saved on the device. By default, Lima pins all the files that are created on a device. So, when you install Lima for the first time, all the files that you have on your computer will be pinned by default on your computer. When you create a new file on your computer, it will also be pinned by default. You can also pin files or folders manually. For example, if you take a movie with your smartphone, it will appear right away on your computer. If you want to be able to access it offline on your computer, you just have to do a right-click and pin it. This pin/unpin function is key in Lima and quite unique. This is what enables you to have 2TB of data on your computer or smartphone (which is something Dropbox can’t do), and keep your content unified at all times, regardless of size limitations. B. You’re right that this is an all or nothing approach. The whole point of Lima is to have exactly the same content on all your devices, which is why you can’t sync just a part of it. This is also why you don’t have to move your files to a specific folder in order to have them synced (like you do on Dropbox) : if you create a new file on any of your devices, it will appear right away on all your other devices, without any action required on your part. If I recap: - You use your devices exactly like before, except that they now all contain the same files and the integrality of your files. - If you’re planning to go offline and want to see a file that hasn’t been created on the device, you have to do a right-click on it (or a swipe on your smartphone). You can see this in my demo here: <url>’t worry about having “less” files when you’re offline: you’ll always have at least what you used to have before Lima. And where you’re online, you will have absolutely *all your files* on *all your devices*, from pictures that were taken 10 years ago to your latest presentation. I hope this is clearer. Don’t hesitate if you have any further questions. - Penelope @ozymandias: we think there is a big gap between syncing the content of a single folder, limited in size, between your devices, and having the same user files on all of them @James The paradigm on desktop computers and on mobile is different: - On iOS/Android, there is no integrated file explorer to browse through your files, so our app creates one. On the Lima app, you see the integrality of your files and you can have access to all of them remotely. All the pictures you take get uploaded to your other devices. - On PC/Mac, Lima is fully integrated into the OS to the point where, at first, you don’t really see a change in your computer experience. Using your computer with Lima is the same as using your computer without it, except for one difference: instead of containing only your computer’s content, your filetree will display the integrality of your files - even the ones that are stored on other computers or devices. If you create a file on the Desktop of your Mac, it will be displayed instantly on the Desktop of your PC. Having a distributed index between your devices is indeed a good thing. Our “core” provides one. However, technically, we also need a filesystem to be able to display the files on your computer that are not locally stored on it, and at the right place (your Desktop, your Documents folder, etc.) This filesystem must be sufficiently integrated to make sure your computer experience stays seamless. The integration with the OS in itself enables your computer to react properly to the new use cases Lima introduces: when your computer is offline, the files that are not physically stored in it are grayed-out. If you want to access them when off the grid, you need to ask Lima first by a simple action that we call “Pin”. “Pinning” a file asks Lima to keep a copy of it on your computer, so you can access it when offline. The HDD connected to the Lima device is here to enable you to access your files even if the originating devices that created them are shut down. On your computer, everytime you create or modify a file, we indeed intercept every call to the filesystem and sync your data to the HDD attached to Lima. A copy is left on the originating machine and another is stored on the HDD. So at the end of the day, the HDD becomes a sort of reference storage device: it stores a copy of everything. If a device isn’t available to provide a file, Lima will use this HDD to provide it. Concerning selective sync, we aim to provide a solution where you don’t have to think about that. We firmly believe having different user files on different devices is not the best way to get an immersive cross-device experience for the end user, so we sync all the things the user needs. As you pointed out, that only includes the User files. In all the consumer-oriented OSes, these files are stored in a similar folders architecture, in a User directory. So we sync this architecture between your devices, without touching system files or application-specific files (eg: your Google Chrome binaries and settings files) Concerning competitors, yes things are improving as we’re not the only ones to think people want the same content on all their devices. However, at this point, we’ve haven’t seen any solution capable of taking the integrality of a user’s content, and syncing it seamlessly across multiple computers. All in all, the hardest part of Lima to create is that once you’ve installed it, it should be so native that you don’t even realize it’s here. That’s what’s complicated, and that’s what’s taking so long to build. But that’s also what makes it so unique and worth waiting for. Concerning TV integration, we want Lima to be able to act as a UPnP server, to enable you to have access to your media files from your connected TV. Lima will also work with Chromecast and Apple TV to enable you to stream your content even more easily. @monkeywrench About the case being glued and the removal of JTAG: this is pretty standard in the electronics industry. Concerning the openness of our code, we’re sorry there was a misunderstanding. We’re using open source technologies and will be happy to contribute to them when we can, but Lima in itself isn’t open source. This hasn’t changed since our Kickstarter campaign. Concerning automatic updates, this is something we do for security issues, to make sure your Lima is always up-to-date with the latest and most stable & secure software version. @Jminca, Christophe has normally sent you an email so that you can change your address. We haven’t shipped yet and plan to have new betas in December with a 100 people, and ship all backers at the beginning of 2015 depending on the beta tests results. You can have an overview of our progress in the latest update here: <url>’t plan for anything like this, but if ever our company crashed and we wanted to make our code open source, we would have to open source our servers’ code and our firmware’s code, and give access to the domain name used for our updates to a maintainer in the community. This would enable the open source community to update the Lima devices of willing users via Internet, without opening or modifying the devices. So, it’s not a problem that Lima’s hardware is sealed and that our JTAG port is disabled. It’s standard in the industry and won’t block you in case of problem. We’ve already seen other companies give the keys of their firmware update toolchain to the open source community like this, and it worked quite well for the users. @Terry Yes, people who pre-order their devices now should receive their devices in Spring 2015. As soon as our software is proven stable enough after the beta tests, we'll ship all backers, then previous preorders, then preorders from now. @Christopher The move from Python to C was decided after the campaign and documented in an update on December 11th. @Terry We were answering a specific question from Sebastian about Android and Windows. Lima will also support Mac OS, Linux and iOS as stated on the Kickstarter project. @James When we say we replace the filesystem, we do add a layer that sits on top of the filesystem that was already here (NTFS, HFS+, EXT4), which means that if you remove the Lima, you’ll have the possibility to retrieve the files that were stored locally on devices. And yes, we intercept syscalls of the filesystem (ex: open, read, close, stat, readir, etc.) thanks to a FUSE on OS X and Linux, and to a proprietary technology that is similar on Windows. Concerning the OS releases, as we previously said, the implementation of all the intelligence of Lima is multi-platform, and therefore generic. It's the same for all types of devices, and all versions of OSes. Of course, a platform-specific layer exists upon the Core to implement platform-specific features (filesystem driver, file's overlays, context menus, etc.). The core plus this platform-specific layer are what we call the "Client". We have one dedicated and specialized developer per platform: Android, iOS, Linux, Mac, Windows (and the Lima). Those developers have written the specific code needed for each platform, and will continue to adapt them as OSes come. Some of the platform-specific IPs we use are open-source, and being maintained for the new OSes' versions by the open-source community, which eases the task. So Yosemite isn’t a problem, it’s just an extra layer of compatibility that our Mac developer codes. And our iOS app is already supporting iOS8. Concerning competition, of course it’s something we’re closely looking at, but we haven’t seen anything comparable to what we do yet. Were you referring to something specific? @Adrian We think Dropbox is a great company and we deeply admire them. However, Dropbox and Lima are very different technically. Dropbox enables you to synchronize a folder, while we create a decentralized filesystem. So it’s just very hard to compare the two in terms of development. @Henrik, see just below for your answers We think there was a misunderstanding. UPnP isn’t a requirement for Lima: it’s simply the principal method that Lima uses to do cross-firewall communications. Don’t worry: your Lima will continue to work perfectly if UPnP isn’t available. We have trouble finding where we could have said otherwise. Could you point us to the page that mislead you so we can correct it? Concerning VC funding, we don’t know what you’re referring to either. We didn’t *need* VC funding to ship in the first place. We also have trouble understanding why you’re holding against us the fact that we’re spending more money than we’ve raised on Kickstarter to build the product. Concerning the documentation of our spending: according to KS TOS, this is something we will have to do if we’re unable or unwilling to complete your project, which isn’t our case. However, we are quite transparent on this point: as we’ve already said below, the majority of the Kickstarter money was used for hardware production, then hiring, and a part is reserved for shipping costs. Concerning the fact that we’re now answering more questions on this thread, well we’re glad you’re encouraging us in this way. We did say in the last video that we wanted to interact more with you, and complete the updates with additional information + meet some backers. We’re always glad to answer your constructive questions here :) Concerning your last question, the fact that having 18 times more backers than anticipated would mean we’d have to take more time to ship a great product to everyone wasn’t something we had planned before the Kickstarter campaign. That’s what we tried to explain in the video. This is a Kickstarter project, and a lot of things pop up along the way. Concerning our location: CGC is indeed an American company. This company is responsible legally and administratively for this campaign. It is the one handling the funds. It is also the one managing & paying production. It’s incorporated in Delaware, at 2915 Ogletown Road #1837 Newark, DE 19713. So we logically put this address on Kickstarter. The team behind the product Lima however, is located in Paris. You can have a peak into our Parisian offices on this Tyba page: <url>’ll have a Lima application that gives you a file explorer enabling you to access the integrality of your files. For more info about how it looks, you can watch this video: <url>’re focusing on current OS versions, i.e. from Android 2.3 and Windows 7. @Matt As we’ve explained below, the fruit hasn’t changed. We’ll be shipping you the product that you’ve backed: a Lima. Concerning UPnP, its use is standard in the industry when building systems with cross-firewalls communications. This protocol is used by a lot of common applications, such as Skype. Concerning the fact that Lima will replace the file system of your OS: yes, that’s what we do. The project hasn’t changed since our Kickstarter campaign, and we’re still working hard to build Lima as we promised it to you. This innovation was detailed in further details in the FAQ of our KS page : “The main innovation in Lima is that it manages all of your data for you. Not only the content of a specific folder. The Lima app replaces the entire file system of your computers. It handles everything: from the pictures in your "My Pictures" folder, to the files on your Desktop.” This is a very big responsability, and this is why we’re taking the time necessary to make sure it’s stable and safe for your devices and your files. Concerning demos, we’ve already showed you the way Lima works here <url>’ll be showing more at the meetups and on Kickstarter soon. Concerning pre-orders, pre-ordering a Lima isn’t the same as having backed the project. You funded the development of a project, through its ups and downs, by pledging. We used that funding to manufacture the Lima product and finish developing its software. People who pre-ordered a device later on our website did it like in a regular store. They are not funding a project, but pre-ordering a product. It’s not the same type of contract. Pre-orders get Lima at a higher price, they will receive it after Kickstarter backers and they are allowed to get a refund if they cancel their order at least 15 days before shipping. Concerning Kickstarter’s TOS: pledges could be cancelled during the funding period of the campaign, according to those TOS. Now that the project is funded, and still in compliance with those terms, we’re using the funds to develop the Lima project and fulfill your rewards. As the project is still in progress and we’re still willing to deliver your rewards, there are no refunds planned at this point. Concerning CGC’s location, I confirm that the CGC company is located in Newark, DE in the US. Concerning hardware, please note that we’ll publish an update on hardware production next week and that we’ll show the finished hardware that we have in our offices at the backers meetups next week (Paris on the 16th, invitations sent, and London on the 19th, invitations to be sent soon). For those who want to attend the Paris meet-up, you can already sign up here: <url>’s key feature is to enable you to stream stuff away from your home thanks to the Internet, we are indeed looking at the quality of the WiFi in the places where we’ll be holding meetups. Concerning logistics (@Hasan), since 80% of our backers are located in North America and in Europe, we have two warehouses, one in the US, one in Europe. As you’ve highlighted it, setting up an efficient Supply Chain is essential and we’re following the plan to make it happen. 1/ Organizing the import of all Lima devices from Shenzhen to these 2 warehouses. When it’s the first time that you’re importing a product, there are a lot of documents to file and show (certifications, invoices, customs papers, insurance, etc). There are also a lot of stakeholders involved in this process, so it may imply some extra difficulties. Having 2 warehouses means more work since we will have to do all of this for each zone, Europe and US. We’re in the process of shipping one ‘test’ palet to each zone in order to check everything is going alright. Once this test is successful, it means we’re able to ship all the products safely. 2/ Setting up the shipping from the warehouse to your mailbox. This is also an important step and we want to do it right to avoid any annoying situations such as lost parcels, wrong addresses or misdelivery. Plus there is the whole IT between us and our logistic partners that we test and optimize when we’re doing these individual deliveries. If we ship beta-testers in advance, we want to do it under the normal procedure to do all these tests rather than just sending a parcel with a regular Post Office. Concerning patents, it’s a confidential process. It’s normal that the patents stay secret as long as possible in the industry, as it’s a strategic asset. As @P-middy mentioned, the 18 months period of our patents isn’t over yet. @John This tweet dates back from June, and this early backer was only congratulating us for our Series A. We haven’t sent him a device yet, he was only referring to the fact that he was one of the first backers. @ All of those who want to receive the hardware before the software is ready: To be honest, it’s something we hadn’t considered at all because our hardware can’t be used without Lima’s software. However, we see that it’s important for you to see people from outside Lima with the finished hardware in hands. That’s why 1/ we’ll be showing Lima’s hardware at the backers meet ups 2/ We're looking at whether we can ship the hardware to a select number of you. This will only be possible under some conditions as it’s not the finished product and since the most important part of it (the software) will be missing. On the logistics side, we will only be able to send the devices once they have arrived in our warehouses in Europe and in the US (they're currently in Schenzen). According to our current schedule, that should be in just over a month. @Henrik Concerning an outside audit of our code, it’s something which is part of our plans, yes. @Hasan: Regarding manufacturing, we’ll publish an update next week where you’ll see the part of the production that you haven’t seen yet: Lima’s final assembly from electronics PCBs to a nicely packaged product. You can already find previous information about Lima’s manufacturing in our previous updates, here: <url>’t over. It’s normal for technical details to change over the course of development. However, you can be sure our product keeps following the specifications given at the time of campaign. @Gio: Thanks for your feedback. Concerning the need of an adapted firmware to use Lima’s hardware as a basic NAS, that’s something we could consider if Lima’s software didn’t end up working in the end. However, 1/ we’re confident that that won’t happen 2/ As of now, we really have to focus on shipping Lima’s stable software, and that’s a full time job for all our developers. We have to use all our human and time resources to work on the Lima product itself, as I hope you will understand. @James Yes, we’ll bring the hardware at the meetups, along with Lima’s mobile apps. We’re currently looking at what else we can show you according to the setups of the meetups locations (space, WiFi, etc.). @Henrik Concerning the fact that we’ve put a firmware on Lima’s hardware that will automatically update over the Internet : well yes, that’s the way it works in the electronics industry. If something ever gets wrong with the firmware update mechanism, we’ll have to break all the plastic boxes to reflash Lima’s electronics. As you understand, this is why we’ve taken the time necessary to test Lima’s electronics at each step and why we need to be extremely professional and cautious in our approach to releasing the final firmware. We need to make sure bad surprises don’t happen. @Robert Our development team is based in Paris, France, so in Europe indeed. We plan to go to the US in November, but we’re not sure yet where and when: we will let you know as soon as we know. Looking forward to meeting you too. @Adrian You’re absolutely right concerning software updates in general. However, the current problem with Lima’s software is not that it’s missing some features, but that it’s not stable enough to handle your data. Remember that our software will handle your files: even we don’t expect it to be perfect from the start, we won’t ship a software that’s not reliable enough for the safety of your data. Once that’s achieved and we’ve all shipped you your devices, we’ll make regular software updates to improve the product and correct remaining bugs. Concerning patents: we indeed have several patent-pending technologies. As you might know if you ever filed a patent, it takes a lot of time. Your application goes through several steps and is kept secret this whole time. It is only at the very end of the process (it can take up to several years) that your patent is made public and appears on the website <url>’t find them on this website. Concerning the meet ups that we’re going to hold (more on that soon, but the first ones should be in Paris on Oct 15 and in London on Oct 19), please note that we’re going to all of the places for business purposes in the first place. We thought we would take advantage of those trips to meet some of you. Those trips only involve Severin and the marketing team: Gawen and the developing team stay in our offices and won’t be moving in the coming months. @Sebastian: The casing of our hardware is indeed sealed, which is why you can’t flash it with another firmware. If you really want to flash another firmware, you’d have to break the plastic casing and modify Lima’s electronics first. If you do that, you break your Lima and you won’t be able to use Lima’s software afterwards. Which is why we highly recommend against it. Concerning our staff, I assure you that we’re a team of 20 people (Maja, Alex, Christophe, Penelope, Amandine, Martin, Alois, Massimo, Julien, Pierre, Charles, Remy, Guenole, Jean-Christophe, Denis, Marion, Pierre, Leo, Severin & Gawen) working 100% on Lima. And believe me, it’s a full time job. @Gio, @Dave: Actually, the casing of our hardware is sealed and, as on a lot of production devices, the JTAG and serial ports are disabled. So you won't be able to flash another firmware on the device. The devices were flashed with the Lima firmware in factory. This firmware will auto-update once the product is ready and the devices are activated. @dave @Lokiracer @johnny @dim3m @Fateh We are curious to know why you would want the hardware while the software is not ready? The hardware without the software will not usable, which is why we haven’t considered shipping the hardware only. We’ll be glad to have your point of view on that. Dave, if you flash the hardware, you won’t be able to use Lima’s software afterwards so we don’t recommend it. @Gio @Lokiracer/TORREDDAYTONA We can’t refund Kickstarter backers, as you’ve backed a project and we've used those funds to make and deliver your rewards. As I’ve explained below, those funds were specifically used in majority for hardware production, then hiring and a part is reserved for shipping. We will honor shipping as promised but we won’t take the risk to financially endanger shipping with refunds. Pre-orders are different. People are not backing a project, they’re buying a device on our website, through a common e-shop. Those funds weren’t vital to make the project happen. They’re a common purchase, just like on Amazon. They just have a discount for buying the product early and receiving it in only a couple of months. If they want to get a refund, they can. Our terms of use (for preorders on our website) state that " 1. Orders. Any orders for Products placed through the Website are binding. All order quantities are firm, and you may not cancel or modify any order, except as set forth in this Agreement. (…) 3. Transfer of Risk and Title; Refunds. (…) Cloud Guys may in its discretion offer you a full-refund of the Product if you cancel your order at least 15 days before the shipment date by contacting Cloud Guys at <email>. » So, as set forth in the Agreement, pre-orders can have refunds if they cancel their order at least 15 days before shipment. We have noticed all the people who have pre-ordered that there was a delay and that they wouldn’t be receiving their devices before the beginning of 2015. We will, as soon as the software is stable enough, ship you first, then the pre-orders. @People who are afraid that Lima will be outdated when it ships because of USB2. As you know, Lima is a mix of hardware and software. 99% of the innovation comes from the software: that’s what’s innovating, and that’s what’s the most interesting about Lima. So your Lima won’t be outdated when we ship, because our software has no equivalent on the market. The hardware was only chosen and adapted to fit the needs of our software and our pricing needs. All in all, the fact that there is now better hardware doesn’t impact the innovation of Lima, since the innovation comes from the software. @Nestor: We know this additional wait is frustrating. Debugging is a long task, and we're 100% dedicated to it. Regarding the meetings, anybody is free to come and meet us. Except if you need transportation to one of the cities we visit, it shouldn't cost you anything to join us. @lokiracer: It's good that you come. We'll be glad to meet! @Johnny: the $10 for shipping were asked to backers during our KS campaign (you'll find their mention in the rewards section). We count them as funds raised during the campaign. Should we do otherwise? @James Concerning on "our hopes that we will be able to keep up with OS releases": the Core, implementing all the intelligence of Lima, is multi-platform, and therefore generic. It's the same for all types of devices, and all versions of OSes. Of course, a platform-specific layer exists upon the Core to implement platform-specific features (filesystem driver, file's overlays, context menus, etc.). The core plus this platform-specific layer are what we call the "Client". We have one dedicated and specialized developer per platform: Android, iOS, Linux, Mac, Windows (and the Lima). Those developers have written the specific code needed for each platform, and will continue to adapt them as OSes come. Some of the platform-specific IPs we use are open-source, and being maintained for the new OSes' versions by the open-source community, which eases the task. All in all, when Yosemite comes, it doesn't mean that we go backwards: it just adds an extra layer of compatibility that our Mac developer codes. @Merijn We plan to beta-test Lima in December with 100 beta testers, which means that we won’t ship to everyone before the beginning of 2015. We don’t know exactly when, as it depends on the results of those beta tests. If you’re referring to this conversation: <url>’re confident, and yes, as a company, it’s in our best interest to ship a stable product as fast as possible to all of you. Concerning the software development: there is above all a lot of debugging and bug solving that need to be done. There were some loopholes/flaws in some part of our architecture that need to be rewritten, particularly concerning the pin function and the filesystem, as we said in the update. A part of the team is also working on improving the installation process. Concerning the hardware that is already packaged as you mentioned: all the Lima boxes have been programmed at the factory with the production firmware. The role of this firmware is to auto-update as soon as it's connected to the Internet, and guide you through the installation process. Concerning the Kickstarter funds, the majority of the money was spent on production in China (NRE (Non Recurring Engineering: molds, samples, QC tooling, etc.) + actual production). The rest of the money was used on recruitment, and the rest is reserved for shipping. @Terry, We're not asking you to come to the Summit: we are going to Dublin in the first place for the Summit. We will do a small meetup for backers before or after the Summit. We will let you know, and we're impatient to meet you if you can come. @KC Concerning software: maintaining our software with 13 000 people would have been more time-consuming than what was anticipated with 1000 people. We knew there was an upgrade that needed to be done, as we tried to explain in the video, and making the upgrade of the software *before* shipping seemed the only way to have that update for everyone within a reasonable timeframe. Concerning hardware production: as we explained back in March, the problems in China kept our CTO Gawen busy for a month in Shenzen. We had limited resources in terms of developers, and Gawen was and still is the leader on this, so most developers were dependent on him. So 1/ Gawen couldn’t work on the core, and 2/ his team was very slowed down because of his absence: that sums up as a month of delay concerning software development. Concerning the demo, Lima is a product without a lot of interfaces. We showed you how it worked (<url>’t be anything more meaningful than this. Concerning pre-orders, a lot of people are interested in pre-ordering Lima on our website. Pre-orders enable people to get Lima at a discount price. They are interesting for us as a company as they enable us to calibrate the size & schedule of our next batches of hardware production. We give our pre-orders coherent shipping dates with our state of development, and, as interested people are buying a product on our website as a regular shop, they can get a refund if they want. So we’re not cheating anyone. @Merijn Yes we were indeed at a Google event yesterday night with some members of the team. We even met a backer there. Trust me that we had been working on the update all day long with Severin though. @everyone Unfortunately, there are a still a couple of elements that we need to do the complete report that we've promised. So the update will come at the very beginning of next week, and I'm sincerely sorry for this delay. - Penelope @Merijn Thanks for your honest message. What's happening is that we're unfortunately facing important issues with the beta. We're still investigating and need a few more days to assess the situation and know what these problems mean and imply. Once that's done, we'll do a full status update in a complete post on Kickstarter and not just a comment on this thread. However, since we hadn't updated you in a while, I thought it was necessary to tell you what the current situation was for those of you following our work closely here. Hey everyone, Just a quick update. We've been working on some non-trivial problems encountered with the beta tests last week. It seems some of the bugs we found need important reworking. Gawen & I are checking with the team how big the issue is to get a better idea of the whole picture. I'll do a more extensive update once we've analyzed the situation. Just wanted to let you know. S. @Lexal Thanks for sharing the article. There are indeed a couple of problems underlined in this text. - It talks mostly about the fact that in some cases, the access to your NAS from a web app outside of your home isn't protected by a password, which makes the system vulnerable. Lima does not transmit your data to a device which is not authenticated, i.e., a device on which you didn't enter your account password. You won’t be able to use the Lima web app without a password, so you won’t be able to miss that crucial security step. It will also be possible to disable the web app access completely. - Having your files available on your home local network can happen if you enable UPnP on your Lima (i.e. so that your TV can access your content). As with any UPnP device, if you enable UPnP on Lima, some of your media files (the ones you want to stream) will be available to the users connected to your LAN. They will only be protected by your WiFi password and the security of your home. As of today, the majority of consumer electronic network devices work like this. If you think your WiFi is compromised or not comfortable with this idea, it's better to let UPnP disabled. Another way to stream movies on your TV will be to use Lima with Chromecast or Apple TV, which are based on other technologies and won’t require you to put your files on your local network. @Joey Smith Thanks for trying to be a voice of reason. We are hearing your concerns. We’re at a key point in testing, and we’ll get back to you next week with more substantial news and an update. Hey everyone, - Yes, we plan to make Lima work with Yosemite. We’ve only tested Lima with Yosemite internally though, as the OS is not publicly released. - The problem we solved about foreign accents is related to the fact that Unicode is normalized differently between platforms (Mac & Linux for example). We have been handling Unicode for a long time, and we had some bugs related to the fact we didn't always normalize UTF-8 in NFC, causing a bug in the comparisons between Unicode strings (more info here <url>’t seen other bugs related to that yet. The Unicode bug was only related to the Unicode normalization. - The next group of beta testers will have 10 people. Beta tests with this group will start as soon as the Lima app is more stable on the devices of the group Santiago. - We’re having a lot of questions on the Winter delivery on our website: our goal is to ship backers as soon as the Lima’s ready and fully tested. We’ll ship preorders after all the backers have their Lima, which is why we left a margin and will ship them this Winter only. @Khürt Lima is a UPnP IGD client (like many other applications like Skype or Spotify), not a UPnP IGD server. The UPnP IGD server is running in your Internet router. The UPnP hacks are about flaws in the UPnP IGD server, which may contain security bugs. Lima can't do much to fix such bugs, as it is not Lima's code which is running in the Internet router. If you're concerned about these hacks, you should ask your home Internet provider to fix these issues and upgrade your router. @Merijn: A lot of things have been happening with the Betas. We'll publish an update with current status by this week-end. Regarding how Lima connects with the outside world, we've mainly been using UPnP, which enables us to dynamically open ports on your router (cf update <url>’s a problem. This was a must for this first set of tests with the Santiago group (3 people in total): it's the first time we’re using the files of people from outside our company, so we want to be able to react fast if any unexpected problem occurs. This first phase is about testing progressively the various components of Lima and spot critical installation and file-management bugs. The group of testers is obviously very small. We'll make it bigger little by little once Lima has proved to work well with these 3 people. The timeline is very dependent on the result of these tests. While we're in the unknown, promising an end-of-test date is difficult. We’ve already been fixing some small install bugs thanks to Thomas. We'll come back to you when we get significant results. Thanks PierJ for calling, it was great to hear your feedback. I know it's frustrating that we're not much present on this thread, but we really are on the final line here and we try to stay focused on getting the product ready. We've heard your call though, and we will post on this thread on a more regular basis, while keeping our more global updates every two weeks. @Lorna, I understand your concern and that you're disappointed. I really do. We know that communication is very important and that ours could clearly have been better. We've tried to tell you as much as we could, making our geeky prose understandable for most, and letting you know about our ups and downs. Concerning our original claims that our product was nearly ready, here is the actual situation. We did have a working prototype in Python that was nearly ready. However, we figured out it was not perfect because that initial prototype was designed for a thousand people and wasn’t meant for the masses. We thought we would iterate with a small community and track bugs all together. Given the success of the Kickstarter campaign, we didn't want to ship this first version of the Lima to 12 840 people. Thanks to your support, we were able to get the human resources to build a second version of the Lima right away with far better technologies, and specialized developers to have the best experience possible on each platform. So we’ve pretty much rebuilt the entire product architecture to make it far more robust and resilient in the long term. This is why it’s taking longer than expected on the software side. This process would have been necessary anyhow, to scale our product from a 1,000 users product to the masses. And developers know how faster it is to switch from one architecture to another before going live. It is this better version of the Lima that's almost ready and that will be very soon beta tested. We should have communicated more to explain that change from our original software to the newer version and we’re sorry for that. We didn't want to ship a disappointing product because Lima is the project of our lives. And as much as I'm sorry to hurt the brand by being late on shipping, I'd hate it even far more if you were disappointed when you received your Lima. @hc: We don't delete or refuse comments, but it might have taken a day for us to validate your comment on the blog since it was the week-end. Concerning UPnP: if you have turned it off, Lima won’t use it. You’ll be able to open manually a dedicated port for Lima on your router if you prefer. We’ll provide you with the right port number that needs to be opened. Concerning your questions about security: Are you able to change certificates? No. Did we implement non-bleeding ssh-versions? No, because we’re not impacted by this well-known security breach. Did we have a "security code review" for vulnerabilities? Planned to be done before public release. And yes, we’re RFC-conform. @ Robert Tremaroli: We will support the main formats supported by iOS/Android so you’ll be able to listen to your FLAC on iOS devices and ALAC on Android. Afterwards, we plan to add support for background re-encoding to enable compatibility & streaming on all your devices without distinction of format. It will come with a software update. - Christophe Hey everyone, We’ve read your comments and understand your concerns. We too are not happy with our product slip date. However, to assume that we are thieves, scam artists and fraudulent because our product will ship later than our original estimated timeframe is a huge leap. Our team is small yet we are very passionate about our vision of making file sharing and management simpler to use and want nothing more than to deliver the best possible product we can. To help accelerate efforts, we sought VC funding from Partech Ventures, a respected and well known firm, as we announced on Wednesday. So, all in all, yes, we are late and we couldn’t maintain the initial estimated shipping date. We have posted in-depth updates from Severin and Gawen, explaining what the issues have been and why there have been delays, even though we already had 2 years of development on the product. We really appreciate the support of those of you who rather than assume we are not going to deliver on our promise, are standing by us and rooting for us. For other supporters who remain upset, we apologize again and know that we are working around the clock to meet our estimated delivery dates. @lokiracer Our invitation to come and meet us at Futur en Seine is still valid. (<url>’ll show you a demo & you can meet Severin, Amandine and Penelope. @Merijn – we apologize again that you are disappointed. We really are sorry. We will do a full status update when Severin returns from China; on this trip, he will be getting the latest updates about our hardware production, and we’ll have a better picture afterwards. @KC He’ll make sure to take new pictures. - Christophe @AlbertChung right, we foresee a delivery date in July. Just send us your new email address on <email> so we will change it for you. Best, Christophe @linoge @ozymandias We just wanted to give you the opportunity to do it. This will be our one and only email concerning this. Other emails will now exclusively be updates about the product, or extra information that we might need for your shipping. @Lokiracer: Severin will be in China until June 13th so he won’t be able to receive you before. However, we invite you to meet Lima and ask your questions directly to Severin and the team during the Numeric Festival "Futur en Seine" in Paris. We are going to do demos on June 14th and 15th. Hope to see you there and will be glad to answer your questions on this occasion! @Ian R: Got it! Pics of the complete assembly will be attached to a specific update in a couple of weeks. Stay tuned and feel free to send us your suggestion. Christophe for the Lima Team Hi everyone, I’m sorry for not being more present in the comment section. The workload here prevents us from answering each of you with a reasonable deadline but we take time every day to consult your comments and your suggestions. I hear the disappointment from some of you, but I can only say that we’re doing our best here and working days and nights on completing the Lima development as quickly as possible. We *are* moving forward. But as fast as we would want to go, our ETA is still July. @Phasmid: We understand your concerns. We read your comments, and we appreciate the time you take to contribute. But please be constructive. Sending 12 messages a day on this page is no longer feedback, it's Spam. Picking up on individual members of our staff and insulting them does not bring anything into the conversation and is simply not acceptable. @lokiracer: If you're coming around, it can be a good idea to meet. Let us know via email (<email>), and we can try to arrange something :) @Mat Unwin: We've cross-checked on our side. Everything is okay. Does the error still appear? @Marc: sure. Next update this week. PS: If you have any questions about your rewards, don't hesitate to contact us at <email>. Christophe answers personally to each request. Hey guys, We understand your concern about this project being late. I can assure you we do everything we can to make sure you receive your Lima device as soon as possible. When funding this campaign, you funded a project. It was not just about buying a product. We take this very seriously. It makes your participation to this campaign even more important to us, and we're sincerely grateful for that. The Lima project has started thanks to you, and its development is now deeply engaged. In every project, you might find bumps on the road and experience unexpected delays. That's the risk you take when backing a Kickstarter campaign, and the risk we took when starting the project. Today, we're experiencing some of these bumps. However, there is absolutely no reason for us to believe your devices won't be delivered. The project is well underway, and our team is working day and night to make Lima a reality. The funds collected have been engaged to successfully start the production of your Lima devices, and this production is currently happening. That's why we are not in measure to proceed to any refund at this point: these funds are currently contributing to fulfill the project. To make sure you get the last info about the status of the project, please continue reading the updates we post here. We do approximately every two weeks. We try to give you a new ETA through these updates every time we have a new shipping date estimation. Our last ETA to start shipping your devices is July. You can also write us by e-mail at <email>, where we do our best to answer you quickly and personally. Manufacturing a product is hard. And what we're building at Lima has never been done before, which makes it even harder. On the hardware side, using OEM components has not protected us from getting problems in the manufacturing process (cf our updates). On the software side, our timeline suffers from additional delays. But thanks to you, all of this is happening. Even with bumps on the road, the Lima devices are being produced. Even with delays, we are currently building a software that changes the way your devices handle their data. And we're advancing every day. You are the one that make this project a reality, and we're working really hard to get your devices ready. Thank you, for your patience and understanding. S. Hey everyone, Sorry for the wait. A new update is coming on Monday! Have a great week-end, Severin PS: @Eric you'll see the team next week ;) Hey everyone, A new update is coming on Monday! Have a nice week-end, Severin Hey everyone, A little light here: @Robert: Merijn is right. In your device, there will only be the Lima app running, and no third party involved. @Marcus: To secure communications, they’ll be encrypted. @All: To answer your concerns, yes, the Lima apps will be able to connect to your Lima device from anywhere, as we’ll be using a completely decentralized VPN that doesn’t need a server to function. From a tech side, when you want to build a technology like this, there are 2 major issues to take into account: 1) your home Internet firewall / closed ports might block your app when it wants to connect to your device from outside your LAN 2) the dynamic IPs might prevent the apps from knowing at which address they can contact your Lima device back home. To tackle the first issue, we are using technologies that are pretty much similar to those used by peer-to-peer software such as Skype: automatic ports opening via UpNP and UDP hole punching among others. Concerning the dynamic IPs problem, we’ll be indeed using the same technique as BitTorrent. At the beginning, we’ll be using our own DHT. But as soon as the process is optimized, we will be able to piggyback on BitTorent’s own DHT to make things go faster. To bootstrap the DHT in the first place, we *will* be using servers to accelerate the connection process. Those servers will only serve as cache (the data they keep won’t be persistent). None of your files will be sent to them. Cutting servers wouldn’t make the system stop working, but only make things go a little slower. They’ll actually be removed when the DHT is fast enough. Does that make things clearer? @David Glad you liked the card! Concerning your question, I/O operations on storage devices are unchanged (a bit better because, by re-implementing and doing another pass, we are improving these accesses). Network protocols are unchanged. Note that I/O operations on storage devices are not directly encapsulated over our network protocols : we add a layer of abstraction making them distinct and the performance analysis of our network protocols doesn't rely on sustained or random I/O on storage devices or RAM. We are still under heavy development so we cannot give you any statistic about performance improvements. However, as using multithreading and co-routines in C, it will be definitely faster than Python running over PyPy. Hey everyone, We've sent the cards through different companies, which explains why you're not all receiving it at the same time. All the European cards have been sent from Europe, while the other ones are starting to leave from the US. A happy new year to all of you! PS: A new update is coming soon :) @Chris Welham: Yes! Windows 8 development is in our lists of things to develop right after shipping. Until it's available, we'll try to fill the gap with our web app. @Robert Mohid: Thanks for the feedback. We will think about putting an opt-out setting for the auto-update feature. However, for the user, it's not an easy choice: auto-update has the benefits of bringing OTA performance & security fixes regularly, which might also be good for privacy. @kokobin: That's what we call advertisement ;) I'm not sure LibraryBox really shares much with Lima except for privacy, but of course we like the project's spirit. Hey everyone, Concerning Update #12, we've answered more thoroughly in the comment section of the update. We will also post an update about software development progress soon. Hi everybody, It seems we've corrected most issues regarding the dashboard invitations. Everything was sent. Is someone here still having trouble getting his/hers? We'd love to fix that as soon as possible. You can write our support at team AT meetlima.com Have a great day! The team @Dan Shapir: average transfer speed on the LAN is 30Mbps (you can get this kind of details in the "Technical specifications" part of the main page). However, keep in mind that Lima doesn't work like a classical NAS or external hard drive: it caches data on your local hard drive, so your computer doesn't have to wait for the network or for the external USB drive every time you do a read or a write operation. So in most situations, it feels way faster than a classical external storage device. @Marcus Schumann: Thanks for bringing up this use case. It helps us understand more specific needs like this one. This kind of mapping is not planned yet, but it's definitely something we an think of internally. One question is quite important for me: do you take this external drive with you on the move, or do you currently keep it at Home? @Don: If we call your hypothesis A,B,C & D, I'd say: - A: Exactly. And our answer to Brandon (just below) details what happens if you sync multiple sessions. - B: That's true for sync: we don't sync files outside your user directory. However, we backup your entire computer. If you want to sync files outside your user directory, you'll have to move them to a new partition (let's call it "the Lima partition"), created just for this purpose, for expert users. - C: Yes. But to be exact, I would say 'sync' instead of 'move'. We sync all the subfolders from your user directory, except for the application data folders ("AppData" on Windows, "Library" and "Applications" on "Mac"). The folders we match between OSes currently are: "Desktop", "Documents", "Music", "Pictures", "Movies" and "Downloads". - D: You're right: the Desktop is a specific case. We avoid syncing *.lnk files and from this directory, to avoid moving links to applications specific to a given machine. In the same way, we're thinking about removing .DS_Store and Thumbs.db files from sync. That's rules we use under the hood, to guarantee it works for the user without creating any glitch. Regarding usage, you're right: with Lima, we consider that what should distinguish your machines is not the files you find inside or the capacity of their hard drive, but only the form factor. It's a standpoint. We think it can really simplify the life of millions of people, even if it is not always adapted to some advanced use cases. Tell me if it finally make more sense! @Brandon: the username associated to the session doesn't matter. Lima will just sync the session from which you logged in to the Lima app. If you log in with the same Lima account, on the same computer but from different sessions, then Lima will sync the files of these two sessions together: just as if you where syncing two different computers. That may seem more complicated than DropBox, but as a user the feeling is that all your files are synced. And that's what matters :) @David Liew: Unfortunately, that's not planned. However, we're working on a multi-user version where you'll be able to share the same storage with your family but keep your files securely separated from one another (each one having his/her own Lima account, with password). It won't be based on folders, but more on sessions: you'll need one session per user on your computer.. Hey Don, Pierre, Brandon: We're currently working on explaining that better on our website, so all your input to make this clearer is super-appreciated. Here is how it works: The objective of Lima is to make sure you always see the same files, no matter which device you are using. Under the hood, this means keeping your user data always in sync between your devices. The (computer) OSes Lima is compatible with store your user data in a specific folder (your "user directory"). This folder contains: - your Desktop, - your "My Documents" folder along with other personal folders ("My Pictures", etc.), - and a folder to store some of your applications' data (AppData on Windows, Library on Mac). Lima synchronizes this entire user directory between your devices, except for the application data folders. Also, inside your user directory, Windows, Mac and Ubuntu all define some default folders to put your data (Desktop, Documents, Music, Pictures, Videos, Downloads, etc.). So Lima matches these directories between your devices: for example, if you have a Mac and a PC, your "Documents" folder on your Mac will be synchronized with your "My Documents" folder on your PC. The other thing Lima does is backup. Lima backs up your entire computer, even the files that it doesn't synchronize between your devices. This way, you can recover even your application data if ever your computer crashes (ie: your Outlook e-mails). Note that if you have several user sessions on your computer, Lima won't sync or backup the files you are not allowed to access yourself. These files are not taken into account, because following your OS' philosophy, they are not yours. In its current version, one Lima device can only be used by one person (eg: you can synchronize your Pictures directory with your wife, but she won't be able to unify the memory of her devices without having her own Lima -- it's one device, one person; one device, one session). Multi-accounts support is the next thing on our todo list after we ship. To finish, for expert users, we are working on two things: - Creating a Lima partition where they'll be able to move the files that they absolutely can't put in their user directory. This partition will be synchronized between all devices; - Adding an opt-out feature so you can remove some folders (or file extensions) from sync. Does that better answer your questions? @Jacob Tyler Abercrombie: We're sorry for the misunderstanding. The shipping fees are not here to remove your $10 discount. They need to be included for all reward tiers, as indicated in the description of the rewards. You'll still get your $10 discount compared to other backers, and in addition you'll have the right to get a limited (blue) edition of the Lima device. Don't hesitate to contact us if you need more info! (PS: we'd also love to learn about competing products -- don't hesitate to shoot us a private message if you have some info!) @dokumaya: You're right to ask about addonics. As said before, their device uses the same casing and hardware base as Lima: it seems they are using the same provider as us for the hardware, MRT (you can find more info in the "Technical specifications" part of our Kickstarter page). However, their product is very different: it's a NAS dongle, which enables you to access your USB drive from your local network. On Lima, we've beefed up the default hardware from MRT by working with them and changing some components. Also, what we build is not a NAS: it's a software+hardware solution which manages files in place of Windows and Mac and enables you to have exactly the same content on all your devices, at all times. @Gio, @Chan Chan, @Familia Guzman, @Mitchell Battino, @Grant, @Rajesh K, @Eric Fortin: Coming to that in a few hours! @Trianta: A torrent app would be awesome. We're actually thinking about this kind of integrations. Not the priority right now, but definitely in the to-think-about list. @Petri Oksanen: We've finally removed the label, for the best. We needed the intervention of Kickstarter for that: we cannot modify anything on the page by ourselves anymore. Fortunately they are really helpful. @Brandon: Thx for your help too! @GoodStuff: Yes. We couldn't send automatic confirmation e-mail in response to the survey, as the process is completely handled by Kickstarter... @GoodStuff + @Albert Lang, @KittyCanuck, @Kenneth Fread, @Florent Bro Varin: ...However, we're about to publish a backer dashboard where you'll be able to check your information, select the color of your Lima device and fix payment issues. This is where you'll get the best confirmation about your pledge and shipping details. The dashboard is in the (developer) oven right now.. @Kamilah, @Tom van Hoof, @Marcus Schumann: Thx for your help answering questions here! @Adrian Lazuardi: XBMC is a good option for your TV. By using it, you'll be able browse your local network and access the media files stored on your Lima. The only thing you need is to connect the device running XBMC device to your network. However, if you only need to display pictures, movies and music, we advise the use of Google Chromecast. It's really great: it will provide you with the same features, but without requiring any configuration - and it will enable you to use your phone as a remote control. Hi there, Sorry for putting so much delay between our replies. You're completely right: we need to change that. I'm glad to say that the dark ages of communication are over. We hired someone full time to help us answer you more effectively. We'll be able to come to this page much more regularly now, and that's *really* important to us. This Kickstarter has been an awesome experience for us so far. It's a lot of challenge and reorganisation, but that's exactly what we like. I'll publish an update this weekend so you can keep up with what we're working on. I'll also start answering your last questions on this page right now. Thanks for being so supportive in your messages. You rock! Cheers, Severin (CEO of CGC) Hello Stan, Thanks for the notification. The website's source code seems clean. Do you still see this warning? Hey everybody, We've just sent a quick survey to help us plan our logistics. You should be receiving it soon if you haven't already. There's no option to select colors in this form. We'll send you a link to a backer dashboard in the a few weeks where you'll be able to select your preferred color, complete your payment (when necessary) and verify how many devices you will receive. So no worries on this side. Thanks for your help! @Marcus Schumann: 1. Correct. 2. This is something we will consider to do. Unfortunately we cannot tell you when. @Kenneth Taylor & @Marc Christiansen: Thanks. @Edgar Furse: No. If your hard-drive is NTFS, HFS+, FAT, EXT3 or EXT4, Lima will use them as is. Else, Lima would propose to format your hard-drive. So your hard-drives will be natively readable from your devices. @Tom van Hoof: A "local version" is an up-to-date temporary local copy from your Lima. So it will always be the file to its latest version. @Albert Ang: Yes, it can be unpaired. @Max Ziebell: OK. This is not something we planned, but that may be interesting in some advanced usage. For now, when you connect "Lima drives" to a device, they will be recognized as native hard-drives and you'll be able to access their files. If the hard-drives are encrypted, the Lima application will decrypt them. This is a procedure we did if you want to stop using Lima and get your data back. But we didn't think it for temporary modifications. We'll think about that. Thanks. @Tom van Hoof: Oops! Yes, you can have Dropbox while using Lima. If you have enough space to storage all your files on the local storage of your device, indeed, you will be able to ask Lima to keep a version of your files locally. @Max Ziebell: unfortunately, this is something we won't do for this version. Lima cannot be connected to a device through USB or Thunderbolt via Drobo. @Max Ziebell: Yes, you got it! The criteria for a file to "get killed" is the famous 80/20 rule: "80% of the time, you use 20% of your files". So if you access and modify a document quite a lot, it will be in this 20%, so we will try to cache it (i.e. put a local temporary copy) on all your devices. At the opposite, if you didn't use a file for a long time, it will be outside this "20%", so it will "get killed". But anyway, it will always be in your Lima when you'll need it. That means that all your important files are always with you, on the local storage of your devices. They are very fast to access and offline-available. @Max Ziebell: - We developed a decentralized VPN software which can go through any NAT when you're outside your LAN. Because it is decentralized, our servers don't do much. They just help and speed up the process. But the system is built in such way that if our servers had to disappear, it will continue to work smooth. - Indeed, you could disconnect your drives from Lima and use them directly on one device. However, Lima would be disabled and you won't see the same files on all your devices. All the files which are already on your HD's will be in folders on your Desktop. We won't remove them! You will be able to move them anywhere you want. @paul vincent farrell, Yes. Our team will maintain our software after the shipping (firmware & applications). We will provide updates to fix bugs, improve security and implement new features. @Ryan Tirrell, We're sorry to hear that. We thought a lot and explained our stretch goals decision (you can read in our FAQ for more details and on this public feed). We prefer to focus on the current solution and ensure the shipping of the first batches than adding stretch goals which would definitely put at risk the production (changing the hardware needs to re-certify the hardware, which can take a long time). @Edgar Furse, The caching mechanism is something a lot of solutions on the current market apply for different scenarios for years: Spotify, Google Music, your web browsers, ... The point to cache is to consider your local storage memory as a temporary buffer, and not a exhaustive repository of your personal data like it is done nowadays. We apply the very famous 80/20 rule : "80% of the time, we only use 20% of our data". By trying to cache this 20%, this brings the smooth possibility to access your important files as fast as they were local (something than NAS solution cannot do) with the ability to see all your personal data in your computer (something than a common Cloud solution cannot do either, as they use your local storage). 10/100 is not a real limitation in most cases. We already streamed a 1080p Bluray quality movie from Lima to a device (computer, TV, ...). It works. Reading a file is actually streaming, and writing is actually syncing in the background. All transfers (intelligent caching, synchronizing, ...) are done in the background. At the opposite of protocols like FTP, Samba, ... which are synchronous, the user doesn't _feel_ the network latency. Anyhow, it may take few days (still better than half a year to upload 1TB in the Cloud if your computer is up 12h every day), but this will be transparent for the user. The RAID argument over several locations provides a smart and affordable way to back your files up without giving your data to a third-party you have to pay every month. In such case, we're dealing with exactly the same problematic you could have with uploading large files on Cloud solutions, except that you finally have the control over your data. Lima uses a optimized version of the Wanser-R hardware. Addonics uses an old version of the Wanser-R. We do not have any link with Addonics. The Lima comes with a completely different software (firmware & applications you will be able to install on your devices) to bring you the full Lima experience. @Itry Biomed, No. UPnP is a LAN protocol. It doesn't work on a WAN. @The JJ, Your NAS synology needs to be connected to your Internet router. The same way you would do with Lima. However, note that we do not support NAS for now. This is on our TODO list, but we cannot promise it for shipping time: it might take a few months more to develop. @Gloups, NAS compatibility is on our TODO list, but we cannot promise it for shipping time: it might take a few months more to develop. We really want this to happen. @Jennifer Sun and @GoodStuff, All your devices know your entire filetree of files and their metadata, either if they are online or offline. So the searching software on Windows, Mac, Linux, ... will be able to index the files even if some are "online-available". @GoodStuff: 1) Any device access can be revoked any time you want. 2) Lima has to be configured for every user of a computer. So, intrinsically, only the owner can access to his/her data. Another user account on the same device won't see the files on the Lima if the account is not paired with it. 3) Yes. You will be able to enable a password/PIN protection each time the application will be started. 4) Uniquely. That means you will be able to see that another foreign device accessed your data (because the hacker had your password). You will be able to revoke the device. Obviously, the best thing to do in such case is immediately change your password. 5) The Lima hardware can power 1, sometimes 2, portable hard-drives (it depends on the hard-drive's manufacturer and specifications). If you connect more, the Lima won't overheat: what would happen is the hard-drive won't be detected, and you will need a powered USB hub to solve this problem. Obviously, everything will work if your hard-drives are self-powered. @prosciutboy: 1) Our team will work to improve the software of Lima (firmware, applications, ...) to fix bugs, improve security and implement new features (like one Lima handling multiple user). We will push new versions of the firmware for the Lima. 2) Definitely! We are hackers and are definitely into this philosophy. We cannot wait to see third-party applications (mobile, native, web & Internet of Things) using the Lima to create new usages! @Max Ziebell, Yes Lima should work with Drobo. It has the right kernel version for it. We didn't test it, though: our Drobo died a few months ago. @Brad Wolff, Probably no, as the size of 200 iPad movies will be bigger than 16GB. The same way you cannot ask Spotify to store 100,000 offline musics on it. However, you will be able to access all of them when you'll be online. You can choose the important ones you want to have offline, until you have free space on your local storage of your device. @Mark Svendsen, Lima does need an Ethernet cable to be connected to Internet. However, WiFi-to-Ethernet bridges exist so that you can connect your Lima to your hotel WiFi. After doing so, by installing the Lima application on your devices, all your files will be stored on your Lima. @kokobin, Unfortunately, we cannot make sure your devices will be sent together. That's why we ask for $10/device, no mater how many devices you order. It greatly simplifies our logistics. @Rafael Ramos Zavala, Yes, we do ship to México. @Stefanos Neofytidis, this is what see in our KS backer report, we hope it helps you: "$79.00 on Aug 21, 2013 Status: pledged". @Marcus Schumann, For now, you can install the CrashPlan application on one of your computer. We're planning to create a fully-integrated remote backup solution so that in a very close future, Lima will do this transparently without needing to install anything. @Vamsi: 1) Yes 2) Lima is CE and FCC certified. So it is certified to leave it unattended. Lima checks the disk attached to it in real-time. @Joseph Balderson, 1) Yes. 2) Yes. 3) No. We do this for you. The goal of Lima is to make you stop thinking about things you should not think about (like defrag). @Clem Z, Having two Limas gives you the ability to replicate your data over two locations. You can install one Lima in your home and one in your office, for example. Your Limas will automatically work together to replicate your content. Two Limas are enough. But with each Lima you buy, your data gets more secure and also faster to access. However, the two Limas are not paired when you buy them. So you can either decide to use it for replication, or to give it to a friend for his own use. @CK, here we go! 1. It will be 1TB of data. 2. Yes. Lima is UPnP compatible, so XBMC can see Lima the same way it would with a NAS. 3. If your Apple TV is UPnP compatible, your media will be accessible. 4. Yes. If you connect 2TB to your Lima, you'll be able to access and modify 2TB of files from your devices, the same way if your devices was 2TB big. Lima uses your local hard-drive to store temporary file copies ("cache") of the files you use the most to give you a faster access on your important data, or when you're offline. When you are at home, your data doesn't go through Internet but stays in your local network, so the speed transfer is really fast. 5. Using remote backup solutions like Blackbaze or Crashplan, you can back up online any amount of data you want for $5/month. Whatever the size of your hard-drives, the price is still the same. You can also do the same by your own with 2 Lima installed in 2 different locations (i.e. home & work) : they will replicate your data to avoid you loosing them if one of your location is unfortunately destroyed. Another advantage of such configuration is it brings you faster access when you're away from home, as Lima takes advantage on your several broadband connections. 6. Your iPhone music app will be able to access the files you only synchronize with iTunes. Your Lima application will give you the access to all your media (included iTunes), even if your iPhone is too small to contain all your musics, a little like Spotify would do. 7. The amount of read/write operations are not a lot bigger than the "old-way" to use them. The life span should be the same. Note we also provide ways to replicate your data over several hard-drives to avoid you loosing your data if one of your hard-drive would fail. 8. We provide several way to avoid this situation. First, if you connect two hard-drives of the same size on your Lima, you can ask to do a replication over both so that if one fails, the other one would take the lead. Also, if you buy two Lima and connect the same hard-drives, they will replicate your data over two locations. Finally, the remote backup. If any of this had not been set up and one of your hard-drive fails, only the most commonly used files which were temporary copied on your devices will be available. @Gareth Evans, about your pledge, yes, this is correct. @geronimo, Lima doesn't have any storage limit you can access at once. The only limit is a maximum of 8 USB hard-drives, no matter their sizes. @Joseph Balderson, Yes, it is. We set a default maximum value, that you can change in percentage or in absolute. By default, we don't use all your free space to avoid problems like the ones you mentioned. @Christopher Currie, Lima already uses its own VPN to secure communication between your devices. You don't need another one for more security. We don't know the specificity of the VPN you mention, but if they respect industrial standards we should be compatible. Our VPN provides a huge layer of security to the system which acts like a super-firewall and makes your data safe from the outside. We have a full team which constantly works on new updates for the software in your Lima to avoid security breaches. Lima will be very hard to hack because we are there to monitor potential threat. Yes, Lima should be compatible with PS4, because PS4 is UPnP-compatible. @BAN: Don't know if it makes more sense to put it like this, but we like to say that Lima works a bit like the mobile app of Spotify: - When you're online, no matter where in the world, no matter the size of the computer you're using, you'll see ALL of your files on it. Not in a specific folder or virtual drives, but directly in Windows (on your actual Desktop, in your My Documents or My Pictures folder, etc..). Lima makes Windows or Mac display your files no matter where they are stored. If they're not available locally, our app will stream them from the Lima device. We have a technology enabling your devices to be connected to Lima at all times, even through firewalls or strange network configurations. - When you're offline, only some files will be available on your computer: the files you'll have specifically selected to be available offline (and the files available in cache but.. let's simplify). If you want to make sure a file will be available offline, you only have to right click on it and select "Keep an offline version". A bit like you do on your mobile with the Spotify app to get offline access to music. You can always edit files when offline. They'll be synchronized with all your other devices when back online. The big difference with a NAS or router/NAS combo is that Lima literally makes all your devices display exactly the same content, at all times. Is it more understandable when explained like that? @Jannick: in this specific case, you'll have to move your files either back to your user directories (My documents, Desktop, My pictures, etc..), either to a new Lima partition available for expert users. With Lima, you don't need to think about partitions anymore. The idea is that if you have 3 local hard drives of 1TB on your computer, you'll be able to have around 3TB of files "available offline" in your My Documents folder. Behind the curtains, Lima will use the various local hard drives of your computer as it wishes to store both your "offline" files and your cache (unless you forbid it to write data on a specific drive, of course). This is a part we're working on, because we've got a lot of input from backers who have specific uses and needs of partitioning their system. Right now, the policy of Lima is to unify all your storage, including partitions. We'll work close with you guys to find solutions where this behavior is not appropriate. @Gio: Thanks for notifying us. MySkiva is a router including a NAS functionality. Just like the ones you can already find in retail (eg <url>örn Ekenberg, The mobile experience we will provide is still a work-in-progress. We want the users to have access to all their data, to give an very unified experience to the user no matter the device (s)he's using. The applications provide a common access of your files through a filetree, showing your folders and files, opening or modifying them thanks to other applications. The files you are using the most on your devices will be temporary copied on your mobile devices so that you can access and modify them even if you're offline (i.e. you worked all day on a document with your PC, it will be automatically available on your phone in the subway when you'll go home). For media contents, we provide more customized universes, like a proper music player where you can play your musics and playlists from your Lima, a video player and a picture viewer. @Itry Biomed, Functionally speaking, a little. Technically speaking, no. We developed our own network protocol, which does what WebDAV does, with more features like the "offline access" of files, Torrent-like file transfers, etc. @Naoman Sheikh, It has not been tested, but it should work. A 10/100 Ethernet interface is already enough to stream a 1080p Full HD Bluray quality video. This had been tested. In your case, the stream will be redirected through the iTunes running on one of your Gigabit device, which should not be a bottleneck here. In our opinion, the worst which could happen would be a little delay of buffering before the video starts on your Apple TV. @Gareth Evans: 1 - This is something we're working on. 2 - By connecting first your 1.5TB hard-drive to your Lima, you'll be able to swap out one of your 1TB hard-drives to the 1.5TB one. When the operation would be finished, you could safely disconnect your empty 1TB hard-drive. 3 - For now, Lima is spreading out files over the available hard-drives. If you want to disconnect one, you can ask Lima to swap it out to the others. 4 - For now, all your files would be the same everywhere on all your devices. But we've been asked during this Kickstarter to think about "universes" (what you are calling "pools", for example "the work universe" and the "home universe"), where you would not see the same files. We think the idea is interesting, and we are considering to implement it in a near future. We cannot say if it'll be ready for December. @Ikalios ans @Varun, We heard about this. It looks like it was unfounded. Here's a quote from an article of The Verge talking about this subject (full article here: <url>"Google has responded to our request for comment, and any fears that the company may bar playback of local media appear to be unfounded. "We’re excited to bring more content to Chromecast and would like to support all types of apps, including those for local content," a spokesperson tells The Verge. Google notes that its Google Cast SDK is still in "early days" and may change significantly before an official release reaches developers. Google says it aims "to provide a great experience for users and developers before making the SDK and additional apps more broadly available." Dutta has admitted that he reverse engineered the Google Cast protocol to make AllCast possible, but it seems he may have another chance to do things the proper way once a full-fledged SDK arrives. The company's full statement is below." This looks good! We keep you updated about the topic. @Itry Biomed, Indeed, we are not transferring bits faster than other ones. We make the difference between sending files and transferring data. If you send thousands of movies to a friend, this friend will be able to see the list of files and their thumbnails nearly instantly in their computer. They'll also be able to begin watching these files in streaming during the transfer. @Lorcan Fredrik Garvey, Kamilah is right, Lima is the new name of the project. We decided to change the name due to a legal claim. But this is the same product than before. @Michael Hofer: - Just the shipping date. The product doesn't change. - It needs external power to work. @Alex Winkle, We cannot do such thing because limitations are set to avoid applications like ours to access these data. It's not because we don't want, it's unfortunately because we cannot (for now). If your "iTunes library" is in your "My Music" folder, Lima will be able to access your iTunes musics (if not protected by DRM) and you'll be able to play your musics in the Lima application. @Persi@ns, We didn't test it. But we don't see any reason why it should not work, as this product is completely transparent and doesn't need any driver. That'd be interesting to know! Note that Lima can also encrypt your files on you hard-drives if you want to. @Mathan Est Mort, Torrent sync makes you able to synchronize some folders on your devices. It works a little like Dropbox. The thing is this is still yet-another-memory (as @Brandon D said). Lima is not, it is the unique memory of your devices. Feel free to read "How Lima is different from NAS devices and NAS solutions, like Synology or Owncloud?" in our FAQ for more details. @Gio: - It would work, but the two Lima may not be able to replicate their data with each other. This might be a problem if you were loosing one hard-drives, as you would loose some of yours files. - You are actually talking about "file synchronization algorithms". There are several ways to manage the situations you described. Without being too technical, the Lima keep some kind of "timed journals" of files operations to know what is the last version to keep if such situations you described happen. CASE 1: Only FileY will appear. FileX will not "exist" anymore on your first Lima. CASE 2: As one file contains two contents, this is named a "file conflict". One file will be created, named "FileX (Lima 2)", with the content of the file in Lima 2. "FileX" will contain the content of the file in Lima 1. @Eugene Cartwright, Unfortunately we cannot give you any ETA. But some of us are *really* music lovers, so we guess it should not take a lot of time :) @Ty Jero, Unfortunately we didn't test it. We cannot tell you for sure. It looks like it needs some drivers, so it may not work natively. There is a lot of storage hardware out there, and we will do our possible to push firmware upgrades to support most of them. @Mike Faimer, Lima applications are not available yet. They will be when the first Lima will be shipped. @Lee Baker, NAS compatibility is on our TODO list, but we cannot promise it for shipping time: it might take a few months more to develop. In the meantime, backing up your files on your NAS is a very good idea. It should be possible with any backup daemon out there. CrashPlan provides a very good solution for this: their software is free to use if you backup to a NAS. We really want this to happen. Be sure that it is a priority on our TODO list. @Merijn Bolhuis :) @Kamilah Thank you again for helping us to answer public questions. @Edgar Furse, The main innovation with Lima is the software we will provide in the Lima (which is a Wanser-R a little pimped, at the opposite of the ones you can find on MSRP) and especially the software in your devices. The performance of the hardware might look humble, but we think it's definitely enough for most common use-case (i.e. Lima can stream 1080p movies). Our software does a lot of precaching (cache locally files before needing them to give the faster access possible) and transfer the files from every nodes it can find around (a little like Torrent). Feel free to read the "Why didn't you design Lima with USB3 and Gigabit Ethernet (or Thunderbolt, eStata)?" in our FAQ. Thank you for this feedback! It's important to us that our future users are satisfied with our solutions. We'll spend the necessary time to improve our products. We will need a involved community to get feedbacks, iterate and make the product better and better with the time. @Robert Tremaroli, We didn't plan to build a Roku channel for now. That is interesting though. We'll see in the future. @Joshua Kohn and @Evan Catlin, We heard about this. It looks like it was unfounded. Here's a quote from an article of The Verge talking about this subject (full article here: <url>"Google has responded to our request for comment, and any fears that the company may bar playback of local media appear to be unfounded. "We’re excited to bring more content to Chromecast and would like to support all types of apps, including those for local content," a spokesperson tells The Verge. Google notes that its Google Cast SDK is still in "early days" and may change significantly before an official release reaches developers. Google says it aims "to provide a great experience for users and developers before making the SDK and additional apps more broadly available." Dutta has admitted that he reverse engineered the Google Cast protocol to make AllCast possible, but it seems he may have another chance to do things the proper way once a full-fledged SDK arrives. The company's full statement is below." This looks good! We keep you updated about the topic. @Tom van Hoof and @gabriel del castillo, About multiple users: - "Can Lima handle multiple users?" > Not yet, but it's something high in our priority list. We are working on it. Hopefully, in the near future, people living in the same house will be able to use a single Lima. They would be able to share the same hard drives, without sharing all of their data with each other. However, this "family" feature will probably come only a few months after we ship. For the time being, we advise you to consider using one Lima device per user: you will win both in convenience and performance. @Giorgio TRAVAINI, While one Lima is accessible, you will be able to access your files. If one Lima is offline for a while, it will stop replicating your data from the other one. Which is not something good as you might loose some data if one hard-drive fails during this "offline" time. When it'll come back online, it will resume the replication. So this configuration should work, although quite unstable so not perfect. @Merijn Bolhuis, Social back-up is something we thought about. We may include such feature in a very near future. @shinn, Symbolic links are managed by Lima, but not followed. Note that because Lima will manage the storage of your Users directory, you will be able to put all your movies inside. The SSD won't be used unless you require the movie to be available for offline viewing. @Jennifer Sun - Yes, Lima app support playlist. - The Lima app doesn't see the musics which are already on an iPhone/iPad. You will be able to play offline-available musics only through our Lima application. For pictures, you won't be able to access your "offlined" pictures from your photo library. Note you'll be able to share a picture from Lima to another application (a little like Dropbox does). - For the streaming while out, we tested on a MP3/AAC 320kbs with a common 8Mbit/s ADSL connection. It works pretty well. About the video, you can ask Lima to re-encode your movies in a mobile video format, with the appropriate screen resolution. The re-encoded file will be smaller and can be more easily streamed through a average home connection. Note that if you have two (or more) Lima, your devices will take advantage of all their connections: a bit like Torrent. @Gio Thank you for sharing the link :) @Eric Yip, For now we're planning to handle the most common music codecs (MP3, AAC, ...) for your mobiles. We may integrate new ones in the future, little by little. The FLAC codec is definitely on our TODO list. @Matt Burrows, The music application experience is a little like Google Music or Spotify: you can ask a music or playlist to be available offline. The application will download a copy of your musics from your Lima and store them locally on your phone. So that when you'll listen to your musics, the mobile network won't be used and you won't experience any interruption even if you don't have any network. @Giorgio Travaini and @Walt We're waiting for the list of backers and their locations to try to optimize the shipping process. We will do our best to avoid the customer taxes. Unfortunately we cannot promise you anything for now. @Giorgio Travaini, Here we go: - Developing a new firmware requires some new development and a lot of testing. This option will definitely put at risk the shipping for December. - Indeed it looks like a mistake in our FAQ! Thank you for pointing it to us. The correct way is to add $10 per Lima. So if you backed us on our December backup batch at $129, you need to add $20 for shipping. - This USB port behind TVs are commonly used to connect your hard-drives. In our situation, your hard-drives are already connected to your Lima. We don't know any "Ethernet to USB cable" which could do the work. We guess the easier way is to use a "set-top box" which will make you able to play your media on your TV from your Lima (Google Chromecast being one of the cheapest). - A simple solution would be to connect your amplifier to your TV which is connected to a "set-top box". @Daniel Schotborgh and @David Ackermann: For now, no: Lima is not seen as a Time Machine. But this is something we already thought about and we will maybe do it in the future. @loner1200 Here we answer the questions of different messages: - About RAID. Yes we do :) We don’t want you to loose your data if one of your hard-drive burns. So we provide you an easy way to replicate your data over several hard-drives. When you add a new hard-drive to your Lima, it may be used in two modes: 1- normal, where the space of the hard-drive is added to the Lima space (I connect a 2TB hard-drive, I have 2TB space more in my devices) 2- replication, where the space of the hard-drive is used to replicate files from the other hard-drives, to avoid loosing them in case of failure. So like RAID. - Lima keeps every recent versions of a file you modify. So everything will be stored in Lima. If you're offline while you modify your files, your modified files will be queued and sent when you'll be online again. Because Lima keeps temporary local copies, you can access and modify these files while you're offline. - Indeed, Lima keeps in cache the files you use the most (you use 20% of your files 80% of the time) on your devices. So your tablet can cache automatically a file you use a lot on your PC. @Nicklas Johansson :) @R.M. - Lima provides on Windows, MacOS and Linux a native filesystem, integrated natively in the OS. So yes, your terminal (and any other programs) will be able to see the files in Lima. - We will provide a CLI command, which should work with any Linux distribution. We are finalizing an integration for Gnome's Nautilus. - Lima will not manage configuration files for the reasons you mentioned (as they are hidden files). @Marvin 1 - Yes, one Lima is fine. You can ask Lima to replicate your data over several hard-drives (RAID 1). 2 - Lima will manage these spaces as 1 logical storage. You can decide if you want an hard-drive to add space to your devices, or to replicate your data for safety. @pipersw Your devices will have the minimum capacity of your Lima (i.e. a Lima with 4TB + a Lima with 2TB => you will be able to manage 2TB). To be properly replicated, your data should fit on the Lima with the smallest storage space. If your two Lima have very different storage sizes, the app will guide you to fix that. @Brian: Yes. See the last bullet point of my comment to Jennifer (second one below this one). She had the same question. @Sergio: You don't need to activate sharing. On your phone, our app will display the exact same contents than your computers, even if your computers are offline. This is because Lima keeps a copy of your files in the hard drives you've connected to it. And it makes your data available to you whenever you need it. Regarding how it works, it's a bit like Skype: Lima can connect directly to any of your devices in Peer-to-Peer (P2P). It has the technology necessary to establish connections even through firewalls and even if your Home IP is changing. Security is handled by our apps: everything is encrypted, and you'll need your password to see your files. In case you lose your devices, several security mechanisms come to play: see the last bullet point of my comment to Jennifer, just below. @Jennifer: No problem. Those are great, pertinent questions. I'll try to answer them by order: - Our mobile app is like a simple file browser app. You'll see a list of folders (Documents, Pictures, Videos, Music, Desktop, etc..) at first. In the Pictures directory, you'll be able to see your pictures as a grid of thumbnails. We might not cache *all* your thumbnails on your phone if you have 70k pictures, but if you have Internet we'll stream the thumbnails when you browse your pictures -- as thumbnails are quite small, you'll see them fast. Anytime, you'll be able to download a specific album or picture on your phone by pressing a long time on it's icon/thumbnail, and selecting "Keep offline version". If you do, the selected pictures will be downloaded on your phone along with their thumbnails and kept there. Every time you click on a picture that is not "kept offline", we'll display this picture in streaming. When in a slideshow, we'll cache the next pictures as fast as possible to make your experience smoother. - On your computers, we'll keep all your pictures thumbnails and metadata in cache if the available space allows it. So browsing will be very fast. In the same way as on mobile, when you start opening a picture in streaming, Lima will try to cache as fast as possible the other pictures in the same directory. - On your phone, you'll have to use the Lima app if you want to play all your music. Your default music app (eg iTunes) won't be able to see the music stored on Lima. On Android, it's something we can work on in the future. The Lima app works a bit like Spotify mobile or Google Music for playing music. When connected, you can see all your music. When offline, you'll see only music available offline. Same as with the pictures: press long on a song or album, and you'll be able to make it available offline. - About auto upload: Yes, the Lima app will take any opportunity to auto-upload the new pictures/videos/sounds/documents you take/download on your phone. However, we're aware that some 3G/4G plans are very limited in terms of data. So you'll have a setting to enable auto-upload only when you're on Wi-Fi. In the same way, you'll be able to forbid the Lima app to auto-cache or download files over 3G/4G. - About security: to make sure nobody accesses your data after stealing your phone, you'll be able to disable + wipe out any device from our website and from the Lima app. You'll also have the option to log out from all your devices at the same time. If you fail entering your password too many times, we'll block your account. We'll ask you to reactivate it by e-mail. If you forgot your password, you'll have to physically interact with your Lima device, at Home, to reset it. - You nailed it. We make the difference between sending files and transferring data. If you send thousands of movies to a friend, this friend will be able to see the list of files and their thumbnails nearly instantly in their computer. They'll also be able to begin watching these files in streaming during the transfer. Hope it gives you a clearer picture! Thanks for your support :) @Ken: We've put this "time lag" to make sure we can ship it at this date. It might seem a long wait, but we really don't want to promise you earlier shipping if we cannot make it. Behind the curtains, two reasons made us select April as a new date: - Our manufacturer is not fully available for us between December and February (December is a busy month for them, and in January-February most of their workers get holiday for the Chinese new year) - We'd like to make sure everything works well with the first batch before beginning the production process of the second batch. This way, we'll be able to keep a better focus on customer support and make sure Lima works well for all first-batch backers. We know it's hard to wait (we're -really- eager to ship), but we'll make sure it's worth it! @Alex Winkle: Encryption/decryption of your files is performed on the device side for performance reason. If your Lima breaks, you can disconnect your hard-drives and connect them to a computer. You will be able to access your data by connecting your hard-drives to one of your device. Our application provides you a "clean procedure" to reconvert a "Lima"-ed hard-drive to a normal one, usable from any device. @pipersw: Lima can power one 2.5’’ hard-drive by itself. @Don Gateley: For the time being, we don't do any folder mirroring between Lima and the outside system files. But that's a god feature to think about. Yes, if you connect several drives to Lima, they will be used as a unified storage pool. If you share a folder with a friend who lives in China, his/her Lima and your Lima will connect to each other in peer-to-peer to share your data. The communication is encrypted and will link to your personal IP, so it might just work even through the firewall. (We haven't tested it yet, though). @Don Gateley: We’re getting technical here. For now, Lima doesn’t follow symbolic links: symbolic links pointing out of Lima mountpoint will be stored “as it”, and will be shown only on UNIX systems. The folders they point to won't be backed up by Lima. If you have a symbolic link outside the mountpoint of Lima (and pointing inside this mountpoint), everything will work fine: Lima acts like a filesystem, so everything works natively (like SSHFS). For your situation, what we advise is to move the non-user files you want to put in Lima into our advanced "P:" partition (typically "/media/lima-for-experts" on a Unix system). You can then use symbolic links in your system to point to this partition. @Roger: Lima doesn’t bypass the DRM security: so if you have DRM protected files on one device, they might just not be readable on the others (it really depends on how you set up your Apple account on all your devices). Fortunately, it seems Apple provides DRM-free MP3 on iTunes. For the movies, it's another story.. At least, you'll be able to read movies acquired elsewhere on all your devices. @Eugene: If you want to add devices to your pledge, you can add $79 per additional device or $149 per group of 2 additional devices. Your initial rewards will be shipped at the same date than before, and the additional devices you add will be shipped to you in April. @Giorgio: We haven't tested Lima with the XBox One yet. However, Lima acts as an UPnP server for media devices. So we don’t see any reason it wouldn’t work. Concerning the hardware, we must precise that we are absolutely not affiliated with Addonics. We can't use their devices. They also sell a product based on a cheaper version of the Wanser-R, but that's the only link that ties us. To respond to your point, changing the hardware right now would be too risky, as we would have to adapt the firmware to the new platform. We prefer for now to stay focused on this hardware and to make sure we deliver a product that works. @Giorgio: If you have two Lima devices, they start replicating each other data. A: To be properly replicated, your data should fit on the Lima with the smallest storage space. If your two Lima have very different storage sizes, the app will guide you to fix that. B: If ever there is a problem in the replication, the Lima app will warn you that your files are not backed up properly. C: Lima can work through a VPN if your router is VPN-capable and connected to this VPN. If only your computer is connected to that VPN, Lima won't work properly with your other devices. The two Limas won't replicate each other's data properly either. D: When using two Limas, the two have exactly the same data and the data is streamed from the Lima that is the closest to you. So you always get the fastest performance. E: Unfortunately, we had to close ForgetBox to focus on building Lima: that's why you'll find only old/beta binaries on the Internet. Thanks for your support! @Troy Pirschel, @Don Gateley: If you connect multiple drives to Lima, it will just add more storage to your system. As Don says, the storage is managed as a "unified pool". So when you connect a new drive to Lima, you can basically just add more files in your devices: nothing else changes about the organization of your files. @Don Gateley: Kamilah is right, your Desktop's files are synchronized by Lima. Technically, we manage your files a the file-system level. @hkg: Lima can encrypt your hard drives by itself if you ask him to. In this case, files are encrypted on your device before being sent to the Lima. If you want to use external encryption tools, you can perfectly do it. However, keep in mind that you'll only be able to open your encrypted files on the devices on which these tools are installed. @Alex Winkle: I'm going to go through your other questions, but here is about the last one: actually, Lima doesn't offload your files from your computer when you install it. All the files that were already on your computer are marked as "available-offline". So they are kept on your local hard drive, and copied to the drives of your Lima. Every time you create a new file on a given device, this file is also automatically marked as "available-offline". By default, the "online-only" files you'll see in your computer are files stored on other devices or files that don't fit in your local hard drive. That being said, you can perfectly put all your files "online-only" and see all your files on a computer that's completely empty. If some of your files are not replicated at least twice between your devices and Lima, the Lima app will warn you about it and help you select the best backup option. Hope that clarifies things a bit! @Oleksandr Markushyn: Your schema is right. You can even put your second Lima on another Home, if you want it. About question 3: Technically, Lima backs up everything but synchronizes only the user data between your devices. Every OS defines a specific folder where this data should be put: it's your "User" directory. Generally, all your files are there: from the files on your Desktop to your Downloads. And Lima synchronizes this folder. If, for some reason, you have some files at exotic places in your OS (like in a C:\Project folder), you'll have to move them either to your User directory, either on a partition we'll make available for experts. This is because we cannot decide for you where we should put these files on your other devices. Tell us if it's clear enough! Hello everybody, Sorry for our silence in the last few days. Things are moving fast around here, and we didn't even get the time to post an update. We are *incredibly* happy about reaching the million dollars raised on this campaign. We love that you are so many people supporting us and this project, and we're working day and night to make sure Lima will be perfect when you receive it. I'll try to spend more time in the next few days so all questions on this page are answered. We want to make sure everybody understands how Lima works and what they can do with it before the end of the campaign. Thanks again for being part of this! @Alex: Yes, you have two options for sharing files and folders: - Literally "sharing" a folder: you'll be able to collaborate with other people on the contents of that folder, and every time someone modifies something, it'll be synchronized with the group. (ie: cloud alike) - Literally "sending" a file or a group of files & folders: your recipients will receive a copy of the files by e-mail (via a secure/authenticated link). They'll be able to download these files, and then they'll be able to do whatever they want with them: it won't modify the original files on your computer. @Mathan Est Mort: Yes, it is CE and FCC certified. @Brandon D: Security audit of our code is a good idea. We'll think about that. About your question 1: we're currently thinking about implementing it in our advanced features. @Julius: The colored versions of Lima haven't been produced yet. But we'll send pictures as soon as we get them :) @loner1200: Oops. didn't see your comment. Thanks! @Rhaevyn Fae: Actually, the speed will depend on your provider and on where you are. We do everything to make it reasonable. For situations where streaming is a problem, the Lima app also enables you to make the movie "available offline": this way, you can watch movies even in the subway. @Back 2 Base-ix: Prior to the Chromecast integration, Lima was compatible with Wi-Fi or Ethernet connected TVs, and TVs using a connected set-top box. Now, you an use Chromecast to make Lima compatible with any TV having an HDMI port. In your situation, if you have a PC connected to your TV, then installing Lima on it will enable you to see all your movies on that PC (and by extension on your TV). @Brad Ford: Thanks! We've unlocked a stretch goal. I'll write an update about it! @Kamilah: Thanks again for your answers. They're always right. @Matheus Oosthuysen: mySkiva is the combination of a router and a NAS device. We explain the difference between Lima and a NAS device here: <url>ć: Yes, Plug will work with docking stations @janotterstetter: Thanks @Matt Burrows: No, you don't have to pay any monthly fees with Plug. You can access your data from anywhere anytime, either via your devices or via web access (can be disabled). As janotterstetter says, you can combine Plug with a remote Backup service like Backblaze or CrashPlan if you wan't to have an off-site backup of your files and trust these providers: these plans are the ones costing (less than) $5/month, for unlimited backup. They do not provide easy web access to your files (Plug does), but they are very reliable solutions for backup. @Christiaan Widdershoven: No worries on this side. We will double check your shipping address directly with you right before sending Plug to the post office. @Eric: Thanks for your support. Well, we wanted a name that underlines the simplicity of the product. In a way, "Plug" does: you just have to connect your drives, and it works :) @Clarence Wee: Yes. We explain the difference in our FAQ, there: <url>örn Ekenberg: Yes! @bobbybobbob: To follow up on your questions: 1. True. Answered below. All non-system folders in your User directory are synced by default (to be clear: we only leave the "Library" (Mac) or "AppData" (Windows) folders out to avoid corrupting data). All your other files are in Plug, but only for backup. More info in previous answer. 2. True. 3. True. We use a large part of the free storage space of your device for caching. 4. Yes. If the software used to open the file (eg: a video editor) doesn't need to read the file from end to end (just thumbnails), the file opens before being entirely transferred to your drive. 5. Depends on your connection, but mostly true. 6. Yes 7. Yes. And big files have a higher caching priority. 8. Yes, depending on what you open. 9. Yes. However, very few programs need to read an entire file before opening it. For example, a lot of video editors seek through the file to create thumbnails, without reading the file entirely. So if you open a large video, there are high chances for the video file to open promptly. In the background, Plug will transfer the entire file in your local hard drive for caching. If you're using 3G during the operation and want to open a 2GB file, Plug will warn you as opening the file can get extremely slow. It will advise you to select the file for offline viewing to make later openings significantly faster. Hope that's more clear! @janotterstetter: Yes, when connecting two or more drives to a single Plug, you'll have the option to replicate your data in a way that's equivalent to RAID-6. It'll be in the advanced parameters. @Kamilah Carter: Thanks for you comments :) and.. sure! Here is our answer: @bobbybobbob: You're right to ask for details. We'll write a FAQ answer to cover your question. In short, Plug handles the content of your User folder by default. This is because that's the folder made to contain your personal files in the three computer OSes we support: Windows, Mac OS and Linux. This folder contains the Desktop of your computers, your downloads, you documents, your music, pictures, videos... and everything you decide to put into. For the moment, all the files outside your User folder are backed up into Plug, but not synchronized explicitely with your other devices. This leaves out three types of files from default synchronization: your system files, your application files, and the files you put in custom/non-standard locations (along with system files) in your computers. - We can't synchronize your system and application files between your devices because it would corrupt your data. However, we're definitely planning to provide APIs and maybe specific application support in the future so your application get also synchronized. For these folders, Plug only provides back up, so you can get back your e-mails if your computer crashes. - Concerning your custom folders (let's say, your C:\mystuff folder), we don't synchronize them by default because we can't tell the difference between application files and a folder you've added in the C:\ directory. It would also be difficult to find the right place to put them in your other devices: Mac OS doesn't have a C:\ folder, and Linux neither. We are currently thinking about providing you with a virtual hard drive (let's say a P: "Plug" drive) -- as an expert option -- so you can have a way to synchronize the files you really can't put in your User directory. That would solve the problem while keeping Plug's usage simple, which is what we care about the most. That leads us to the subject of multiple partitions. By default, Plug doesn't enable you to synchronize multiple partitions, because that's simply against the spirit of the product: Plug's role is to unify your storage, not to keep it partitionned. If you have a D: drive containing a lot of data, Plug will enable you to move this data into your User directory, even if it didn't fit in there before. This way, you can finally have all your data at the same place. If, for some reason, you really need these files to be at the root of a partition (eg: your a developer), you'll also be able to place them in our optional P: partition, along with your other custom folders. Hope this helps! @Jonathan: Thanks for the kind words! Unfortunately, the low price of Plug (and our time schedule) don't allow us to put USB3 (and with all people asking for it, we wish we could). We explain in our FAQ why that doesn't really impact the performance of Plug, though. Here it is: <url>#project-faqs @Erwin: Yes, if your media player supports UPnP, it should be able to display the media from Plug on your TV. We are working on finding solutions for additional partitions (E:, F:, etc). Right now, Plug doesn't allow multiple partitions. It can use their storage, but it manages only the files of your user directory. However, it backs everything up. @Thomas 1. Yes, it will be possible. We'll ask your contacts to install a lighter version of our app. 2. This will be possible also, but it's kind of a hack. What are your plans? 3. We do everything to keep your data readable on your hard drives, and to use the same files/folder hierarchy as on all your devices. However, if you have multiple drives, you cannot be sure that all the contents of a folder will be stored on a single hard drive. Encryption is an option. In this case you'll need a Plug rescue app to read your data (using your password). 4. No. We prefer people to manually move their data to their computer in this case. Else it would lead to a lot of unexpected situations (eg: your client discovers that you copied all the contents of his USB key on your desktop). 5. You can access your files remotely for free. However, some people may to back up a copy of their data in a remote datacenter. You can do so thanks to external services such as BackBlaze or CrashPlan, which enable you to backup an unlimited amount of data for $5/month. @Eric Ochoa: We explain in our FAQ why putting USB3 in Plug isn't such a good idea. <url>#project-faqs In short, USB3 would make the cost of Plug jump to $200, for not so big a performance increase. In contrary to how it works when you use an external hard drive, when you read/write to Plug, Plug uses your local hard drive to cache the operations. So most of the time, reading and writing with Plug can be done at 6Gbps (Sata-3 speed). That's faster than USB3. Of course, when you stream data directly from Plug, USB3 would increase transfer speed (provided it is coupled with Gigabit Ethernet). But as long as you can stream a movie with USB2, there are no much reasons to require USB3 on a daily basis. Don't misunderstand me: we would love to put USB3 in Plug. But taking in account the little difference in usage, the $69 price point seemed much more attractive to us than going into a specs war. @bernimoses: This is clearly in our todo list. We're not sure it'll be ready by December, but we'll be working on it hard: there's absolutely no point in making people by their storage twice @Kamilah: Oops. Didn't see your answer. Thanks! @Joshy: Yes, Plug can supply enough power for one non-powered USB drive. If you need to connect more drives, you can do it thank to a powered USB hub. When your not at Home, the Plug app communicates with your Plug device thanks to a secure private network that link them both. You don't need to configure anything. If you're not on your device, you can access your data remotely thanks to our web interface (using your email, password, and optionally your phone to login). This feature can be disabled anytime. @Kamilah: Yes, Green Plugs are out! We'll let all backers select their preferred color at the end of the campaign. @Mathias: As you pointed out, the main argument for getting two Plug is to be able to put your data in multiple locations. Another advantage is that if you connect each Plug to a different Internet connection, you'll also gain in transfer speed when you're not at Home: your data will be streamed twice as fast to your devices. If you have one Plug at Home and one at your office, you'll also be sure to enjoy local network speeds both at home and at work. Hey Sebastian, It's in our plans. It may come later than Android or iPhone (because we need to prioritize according to the number of people using each platform), but it's definitely planned. We'll send all backers a survey after the campaign, to see which devices they are using. If there's a lot of Blackberries and Windows phones, we'll try to get faster on these platforms. @Martin Rudat: That's a very good idea, I'll take note and see what we can do about it. @Joan: I note your idea too. We will definitely think about this one. Paul Vincent Farrell told us about similar needs. @sean patrick steier: yes, music and video playing will be in-app. Unfortunately, Siri won' be able to control our app when it comes out. We're waiting for Apple to open an SDK.. @KMD1237: No, auto-backup won't be interrupted by Plug. Plug will just provide an additional kind of auto-backup feature of its own: everytime you'll take a picture, it'll be saved in your "Pictures" folder on all your devices. @Kamilah: Thanks again for replying so fast and so accurately to the messages on this page! @Shahab: Yes, you can disable a device anytime. We're also working on a functionality to remotely delete the content of your stolen device @Scott: We explain the difference in details in our FAQ (<url>#project-faqs) In short: The innovation in Plug is that it replaces the file system of your computers and manages your files for you. For the first time ever, all your devices have exactly the same files. So Plug is not just a place where you can put your data. It virtually replaces the memory of your devices to become their common memory. Hope it helps! @Martin Rudat: When a drive fails, the Plug apps warns you immediately. In the meantime, Plug will begin recovering your data by copying it both from your computers and from the other Plug devices you have. If you don't have enough space anymore to store this data, our app will ask you to add a new drive. We're thinking about a DLNA/UPnP server for the Plug device first (hence the compatibility with your TV). Do you think it would be helpful on the Plug app too (talking about a server, not a controller)? @Robert Hercz: Yes. If you modify only a few bytes, Plug will only transmit these few bytes on the network. Note that if some of your devices are on the same LAN, this sync will be made in P2P. @Suraj: Yes, it is. Plug works in P2P. If you don't have Internet but all your devices are on the same network, it will work. @Kamilah: You rock! Thanks again for all these responses. @bof: We've put manual folder selection aside for the moment, as the aim of Plug is to provide a solution that "just works", without any configuration involved. So no "partial" mirroring is available at the moment. When you buy 2 Plugs, all your content is mirrored. I took your comments in note, though. Thanks for bringing the point. We'll think about it when building Plug's advanced config options. @Suraj: Markus nailed it. We are too fragile as a startup to open source our code, at least now. All the innovation in Plug is software based. However, you'll still be able to analyze Plug in/out traffic: that's also a good way to make sure we don't do bad things with your data. @paul vincent farrel: That's actually a very good solution. Yes, sync programs will always continue working in the same way, no matter if you have Plug or not. @paul vincent farrel: Sorry for answering late. I've been busy responding to private messages first. Your question makes a lot of sense. So we put a mention in our FAQ yesterday to address it. In short: yes, Plug will reorganize your data in the drives you connect to it. The product is clearly not built to let you remove your drives now and then. It's built to let you connect your drives once, and forget about them. When you connect a new drive, Plug will use its storage to make you 'feel' like you can put more things in your devices. Internally, it will make an inventory of the files you have in your drive, and display them in a new folder on the Desktop of your devices. So it will not screw up the organization of your music in itself, but simply put the 'root' of your music folder/drive at a different place in your computer. Unlike what happens with products like DropBox, PogoPlug or SpaceMonkey, you can reorganize these files as you wish in your system. Under the hood, on your drive, Plug will reproduce the same files and folder struture as on all your devices (the same structure as your Home/User folder in Windows, Mac OS and Ubuntu): it will create a Documents folder, a Desktop folder, a Pictures folder, etc... So internally, your music will probably be moved to a "Desktop/SEAGATE/" folder on your drive (if your drive is named SEAGATE). if you have other drives connected to Plug, Plug might move your music in the same folder, but on other drives. Removing a drive is not a common operation. It's like removing part of the memory of your devices. So the Plug app provides you with controls that enable to remove drives properly. When you ask Plug to disconnect a drive, it will internally move all the data from this drive to the other drives connected to it. If there are no other drives connected to it, it will ask you what to do (either move the data to your devices, either keep it all on the drive). However, we DO make our best to keep the initial file system type on your drives, and to always store data in a readable format. This way, we make sure you can always recover your data in seconds, even if your Plug device breaks. It's interesting for us to get feedback on how people use their drives. If you don't mind, I'd love to keep in touch with you so we can find a way to adapt Plug to your specific use case. If you don't have enough space on your laptop to put all of your music, and above that no Internet access when you're mixing, it's better to keep using your external hard drive for mixing as you're doing today. Plug would enable you to have all your music on your laptop and iPad on the go, but it doesn't replace this specific external hard drive use case. One quick hack for you, if all your data holds in 3TB, is to get two Plug that replicate each other, with one hard drive connected to each. Because you'll have only one drive connected to each Plug, you'll be sure where your data is. And because you'll have two Plug devices, you'll be able to disconnect one of them temporarily for moments when you go mixing. But that's still a hack. I don't like that. We'll think about it on our side and try to find an elegant solution. Just added new answer to the FAQ: "(tech) Does Plug format the hard drives I connect to it? What file systems does it support?" <url>#project-faqs More answers coming soon. @Kamilah Carter: A super-HUGE-and-sincere thanks for answering to so many questions! It really helps. We love that some backers like you are so active that we feel they're part of the team. @Robert Hercz: You're asking a very good question, although very technical. The only visual part of CGC servers is to provide you a smooth Web interface to access your files *ONLY* when you're not on your devices. That's not something you may do daily, so you can disable it if you don't want our server to serve as a relay to the outside for your data. The purpose of a decentralized VPN is to make the process "Hey, where is Alice ? (or what is the IP address of Alice?)" not based on a central server, but on a decentralized network. This operation is not handled by our servers. The purpose of this paragraph is not to go into the details of such process. If you have further questions about how decentralized networks work, we invite you to read research papers about this (DHT, etc...). There are plenty on the Internet. The first configuration is performed on our website because we thought it would be easier to do. However your RSA private key ("your identity card") is generated on your side and never goes on our server. So again, we don't have a lot of information. CGC servers are just there to push updates, provide Web access if you want, and optimize some processes. We don't do a lot. They could disappear, and the network would continue to work. Hello R.M. 1. We do not format your drives, unless they're empty. We try to use their initial format as is. If they're empty or unreadable, we'll format them to Ext4 2. Yes, you can. If your Plug is in the same LAN as your devices, they will synchronize. You'll be able to send files behind an air gap. No documentation needed: it will just work. The website only serves for people who want to access their files from an Internet-enabled environment, on a computer where the Plug app isn't installed. 3. The best way is to buy two Plug: they will replicate each other's data. @Josh Arnon: To be clearer, PogoPlug and DropBox do not synchronize all your folders. They create a specific folder in your computer (either called "PogoPlug or "DropBox"). If you want to synchronize something between your devices, you have to move it manually inside this folder. With Plug, all of your files are exactly the same on all your devices. There is no need to move your files anywhere to synchronize them. So you can organize your files as you wish, and they'll organize on all your devices at the same time. You don't have to think about synchronization anymore, because it's become seemless. The typical use case: you won't ever miss this powerpoint presentation you forgot to put into DropBox before leaving Home. @shinn, @Kamilah Carter: For a more visual explanation, you can watch what happens when you install Plug here: <url>"format" of your drives for you. @Craig Dunn, @Christopher Lewis, @Ben McIntosh: That would be great, indeed, but unfortunately a lot of people do not have any open ports on their routers (nor UPnP). So we cannot always host the web interface directly on your Plug (ie: without a proxy). What we can do is to make the Plug website a shell, and to download the page contents (lists of files, thumbnails, the file themselves) thanks to the API of your local Plug app (without using the server as a relay). @Keith Rome, @Ben McIntosh: You're right. I'll add it to the page. It'll be clearer for everyone. @Josh Arnon, @Christopher Currie: That's in the works! @Christopher Currie: Your VPNs shouldn't cause any trouble. Difficult to know about the lag issues without testing, but a good lag-killer would be to get two Plug devices: one for your home in the US, one for Europe. This way, your data will be replicated (and cached) on both sides of the Atlantic. @Stephan McGowan: 1. You can play with Plug's file using cmd.exe, even if they are not locally stored on your computer (eg: you can rename/copy/edit a video stored in your My Videos folders even if it is available only in streaming). However, the folders synchronized with your other devices are only those containing user files. We do not synchronize the "Program Files" or the "Program Data" folders in Windows. The reason is simple: if you have two versions of an app on two of your computers, doing so would damage your data. 2. I encourage everybody to watch our demo screencast video. It covers the installation of Plug, so it might help you understand what happens when you install Plug. Here it is: <url>### Mobile applications >>> In response to: Benjamin Levaillant, Eric Fortin (and others) --- Android and iOS applications will be provided. WP8 should follow. They'll be obviously free. You'll be able to access and modify your files from our application, a little like you can do it today with the Dropbox app. The difference is that all your files will be there: from your “Desktop” folder to your “My Documents” folder. You’ll be able to listen to all the music from your “My Music” folder and to watch all your videos from your “My Videos” folder. Just like if you were on a PC or a Mac. Anytime, you can ask Plug to keep files or folders for offline viewing. This enables you to access/edit this file or folder even without a data connection. It works a little like Spotify or Google Music. Integration with other apps is done through the “Share” button: Plug enables you to send files to your friends in just a few clicks. When you take a picture from your smartphone or your tablet, it gets automatically uploaded to your “My Pictures” folder in Plug. We also provide a SDK to enable mobile developers to integrate our technology deeper in their apps, to provide a new set of experiences. -------------------------------------------------- ### What is actually changing on my computer. >>> In response to: Laurent Ferrante (and others) --- Plug is not a folder like Dropbox or a hard-drive like a NAS. Plug is designed to replace the memory of your devices by itself, so that all your devices will have exactly the same memory, and (by extension) the same content. So it’s like if your PC, your Mac, your smartphone and tablet had all exactly the same “hard-drive”. Plug will bring more space to your devices. You won't feel any changes. You don't need to move your files in another location: just let them where they already are, in your "My Documents", "My Pictures", "My Videos", "My Desktop" folders. Plug only manages your documents, music, pictures and videos, it ignores your applications and your systems files. -------------------------------------------------- ### Security & Cryptography used behind Plug >>> In response to: Kenneth Brook (and others) --- The following is a little techy. The last paragraph sums up. Plug uses asymmetric cryptography. When Plug is installed, the application generates a RSA-2048 pair of keys, identifiable by the user's email, and with a private key protected by the user password. This private key, which is what authenticates a user in the Plug system, is stored in your Plug and your devices. We don't know this key because we don't have your password, so we cannot - us or anyone else - steal your identity. AES is used to encrypt your files, using a key derived from your user key. When you want to access your files from the Web, we'll ask Plug if you're really you: we're just a third-party, and we’ll do the relay. Even there, we won't see any of your data as everything is encrypted. Note that the Web access can be disabled if you don't even want us to be a relay. To sum up, we developed Plug in such way that your Plug is the only one which contains your real identity card. It is impossible, even to us, to steal it. That's another reason why we are decentralized, and why we say Plug is an anti-PRISM solution: we cannot access your data, or provide the access to anyone, because the security is built this way. -------------------------------------------------- ### Specific feedbacks @Kamilah Carter: thank you for your enthusiasm and your support! We’re glad we’re your first backed project! @dutt: if Plug crashes, you can disconnect your hard-drives anytime and get back your data by connecting it on one of your computer. If you don’t want to loose your data if one hard-drive crashes, you can replicate the content over several hard-drives, or back it up over another Plug, or remotely using service like Blackbaze or CrashPlan. We don’t synchronize program or system data between your devices. Only your files. @Richard Stott: Ashish Chalke & Kamilah Carter are right about 1 & 4 ; 2: Yes, for most hard-drives ; 3: Yes -------------------------------------------------- More answers coming soon. Thanks for being so supportive, The team @Keith Rome, @Kris: The hardware Plug is based on is a bit like the Raspberry Pi. It exists for years, and has been used by various companies (including Addonics) as the base of their products -- just like other Kickstarter projects using BeagleBone or Aduino. It's called WANSER-R, and it's produced by MRT Communications, our manufacturng partner. We made the choice to base our solution on this particular hardware because MRT knows how to produce them in quantities for years. It has already been proven. So using it was a good way for us to make sure we would ship on time. Instead of building an entirely new device, we have teamed up with them to change only the necessary components inside. The price difference you can see between Plug and Addonics devices result both from this change of components and from our unability to order very large batches of devices. When you back Plug, you do not only receive a piece of dumb hardware. When you back Plug, you get a complete solution, from hardware to software, that enables you to create a completely unified memory for your devices. As underlined in our FAQ, this project goes far beyond building a simple NAS device (like the one offered by Addonics). It's the result of a team of engineers working hard for 2 years, to provide you with a powerful and viable solution.Plug creates new usages, that has never been seen in the world of consumer electronics. We are completely open to talk about this, so feel free to send you any message with your questions. We are hackers: we take things, and we modify them to do other things. In the case of Plug, we'd built something incredibly better. Hello everbody, We’ve just added 3 new answers in our FAQ. We’ll continue writing more as time goes. Don’t hesitate to leave unanswered questions here if they aren’t already on the page. (Please take the time to look for already answered questions) -------------------------------------------------- ### What happens if CGC dies ? >>> In response to: Adrian C, Christopher Coleman, Derek Mitchell, Pierre Collignon (and others) --- What’s good with Plug is that it’s entirely private and decentralized. So Plug can work independently from any servers, and continue managing your data even if our startup dies (disclosure: we don’t plan anything like that). The only thing we manage on our side of the equations are updates of our app and the web interface of Plug. In case of company crash, we’ll do our best to open source at least the most critical parts of our code, so the community continues improving the solution every night. -------------------------------------------------- ### Will you put stretch goals? >>> In response to: Adrian C, Benjamin Lebsanft, <email>, Deepra Smith, Kenneth Brook (and others) --- We already gave insights on this one, but here is a more complete answer: "You also asked us about improvements, stretch goals, ... We need to deeply think about the implications of such choices before giving you a proper answer. We won't tell you ‘yes, we'll do it’ without *really* knowing if we are able to. Answering you too fast would not be serious.” You gave us very interesting advices through this forum and via privates messages: USB3, Gigabit Ethernet, pledge discounts, multi-USB ports, free shipping, color options, a dock, a future discount for future versions of Plug. Some of these ideas are awesome. We’d love to receive more. We’re thinking hard about what would be best for this campaign, but we can't tell you yet if we'll offer stretch goals or not. Our secret is that we don't want to make the production late because of additional goals. We’ll do our best. -------------------------------------------------- ### IP address resolving and VPN >>> In response to: Deepra Smith, DURANDET Alexandre, janotterstetter (and others) --- This paragraph is a little technical. Feel free to ignore. As mentioned, each one of your devices is connected to a decentralized P2P VPN. Every "Plug"-ed device is given a unique name, a little like a domain name. Each device has to announce to the network its name and how to be contacted. And when another device wants to talk with it, it asks to the decentralized network how to reach it. So, Plug works even if you don’t have a static IP. The VPN is made to handle this common situation. If two "Plug"-ed devices want to talk with each other, and are on the same network, the transfer will be done locally, without going through the Internet. That's why transfers are faster when you're connected to the same LAN than the Plug. Please be aware that most of the VPN solutions have a "star topology” (ie OpenVPN), meaning there's a central server somewhere which relays all traffic. This is not something which can be done with Plug, as we do *not* want to manage your traffic, for security reasons. -------------------------------------------------- ### Advices about PR & Communication >>> In response to: Court, Deepra Smith, KRIS & W Henry (and others) --- You are right. We thought we could handle the private messages wave then go on the forum. We spent these days full-time on the private messages, without taking really care of here. We are currently crunching all the questions we've been asked privately and on this forum to produce a more complete FAQ. This may, as you suggested, decrease the count of questions. Thanks a lot for you support and for helping us with this campaign. It’s a great week for us and we’re glad you’re part of it. -------------------------------------------------- ### More specific questions @Flament Adrien: sorry, we're not sure we understood your question. What kind of stickers are you talking about. When you mention "custom devices", do you mean the blue Plug ? @Praveen Reddy: yes, the CPU is x86 compatible @Nathan Miller: Yes, that’s one of the purposes of Plug! :-) @Fritz D: about your question “500GB of unique user data on your PC + 500GB of unique user data on your Mac + a 1TB Plug”. Yes, your Plug will be full when installed. @Christopher Coleman: you wanted to know if your hidden file will be synced (‘.*’). Yes. @Martins Mozeiko: you wanted to know if cmd.exe will work over Plug. Yes, we _really_ make your computer believe Plug is now its storage. -------------------------------------------------- ### Finally, To: Alex Dana, Cameron, Christopher Lewis, Court, DURANDET Alexandre, David Strogen, Deepra Smith, Fritz D, Hebert, Ivan Duka, Jeff Galan, KRIS, Lydie MECHINAUD, Robert Fonti, Romain Cochet, Sylvia Silberger, janotterstetter, seisen ivan, shinn.... and to all of you, backers: THANK YOU! You really contribute making Plug happen and we cannot be more happy. Your support is much appreciated. Please be patient. More answers are coming! Best, The team @Deepra Smith: Done. Thanks. We're approaching "sold out" status. We've just decreased the number of available BACKUP rewards by 100, and increased the number of CLASSIC rewards by 200. (Cannot increase the total number of Plug devices for now) Heys guys, We're in the process of populating our FAQ and answering most of this page's comments in a synthetic way. Here is an explanation about why Plug doesn't have USB3 -- one of the hottest topics. We'll add it to the FAQ. Tell us what you think! ### USB3, Thunderbolt, eSATA or Gigabit Ethernet >>> In response to: To Alan Elkaim, Ashish Chalke, Benjamin Levaillant, Chow Choong Hoe, Deepra Smith, Elliot Richards, Eric Fortin, Ethan Illfelder, idntt, Ivan Duka, Jacob Tyler Abercrombie, Jamie Heuze, janotterstetter, Jason, Kevin, Roman Kadlec, Sanjay, Shane Kenneth Donovan, shinn, Simon Harris, steven wyatt, Tomasz Fiedoruk (and others) --- We got loads of requests for putting USB3 and Gigabit ethernet in Plug, and we've serioulsy taken them into account. We'd love to do it, because USB3 transfer speed makes everybody dream. And we can't miss a chance to make you happy. However, two thing worry us: 1. First, for a small startup like us -- producing *only* (wooohooo!) 5,000 devices, putting USB3 and Gigabit ethernet would make Plug a -least- 2.5x more expensive than what it is today. You Plug would cost you around $200. In fact, putting USB3 is not just about changing the USB port: it's about redesigning the electronics inside Plug and changing every component inside. It would also make manufacturing far more expensive for us. 2. Second, even if USB3 would make you Plug device faster, we're not sure you'll feel a big enough difference when using our solution. Here are some explanations (let's go a bit technical): When you connect an external USB hard drive directly to your computer, data is written directly on this drive everytime you modify or copy a file on it. So everythime you press "save" when editing a big file, your computer waits for the data to be transferred to your drive. This process was quite slow when using USB2: 480Mbps. USB3 is 5Gbps, or about 10x faster. That's why in this configuration, it makes a lot of sense. However, when you connect your drive to Plug the process is different: To avoid performance problems, we just apply a very simple rule: we keep temporary local copies of the files you use the most in your local drives (if possible). It means that when you ask for a file, your device will check if it doesn't have a temporary local copy of it. This is named "caching", and we do a lot! All these operations are transparent to you, the user. So when you save a file, the data will be temporary stored on the local hard-drive/flash of your device. This is a very fast operation. In fact, the hard drives inside your computer use SATA3 to communicate with your system. SATA3 is 6Gbps: it's 20% faster than USB3! Of course, we *do* need to transfer these files to your Plug afterwards. But this second part is completely asynchronous: it's done in the background, so you won't feel it as a user. It *will* take some time, but as the file is already saved (at the opposite of what happens when you use a regular USB hard-drive), you won't have to wait for the writing to be done: so it doesn't matter that much. Due to the small perceived difference between using USB2 or USB3 in the Plug device, we've opted for a USB2 design. Thanks to this choice, we could make Plug far more affordable. Our philosophy at CGC is to build devices with the best perceived performance as possible. Not to sell you big specifications that would make you pay more without being worth it. Behind the curtains, we are thinking for ways to intoduce interesting stretch goals improving the device. Feel free to react. We'd like to hear your arguments. More answers coming asap today. Hi everybody! We really want to thank you all, for your Kickstarter's private messages, messages of the forum, mails and comments on other social media. It is incredible to share & debate with you about what we developed for so many months. We're realizing now that our public communication on this forum may be a little ... "light". We are sorry about that. Since the beginning of the campaign, we decided to answer the Kickstarter private messages in priority, and in order. We received hundreds of your questions, feedbacks, and we really wanted to give each of you a personal answer. We received more mails than we could answer per day. This takes a LOT of time, and we're doing our best to be faster. You also asked us about improvements, stretch goals, ... We need to deeply think about the implications of such choices before giving you a proper answer. We won't tell you "yes, we'll do it" without *really* knowing if we are able to. Answering you too fast would not be serious. We are a garage start-up : we worked so hard these months, we sacrificed our life to Plug. You cannot imagine how great it is to read your questions, feedback, advises! We need them! It'll be a pleasure to answer you all. So please, be patient! We will answer every single messages, and also on the public forum. We're living an amazing journey, and we're glad you're now part of it! So, again, Thank you. Hi there, I thought it would be good to clarify a bit how Plug synchronizes your files. Here are the main points: - Our job with Plug is to display exactly the same files on all of your devices. We want your files to be attached to you, and not to your devices. In other words, we'd like to enable you to always manipulate the same content, no matter which device you're using. To our eyes, manual synchronization is a worry. - Of course, your devices have different storage capacities. So we only use their internal hard drives as a cache. All your files will be displayed, but only some of them are stored locally. It works a bit like Spotify: when you're online, you can open any file - it's just feel like your device has no more limits of size. When you're offline, you can see only the files you selected for offline viewing. In Plug world, selecting which files you want to view when offline - on each device - is a bit like selecting what folders you want to synchronize in today's world. Except that in Plug's case, you can make this choice directly in your OS by right clicking on your files. There's no complex interface to play with. - In some situations, you might want to have different files in two devices. It can be the case if you have a work computer and a personal computer. We're working on solutions so you can split these two "universes", and select whether you want to see your "Pro" files or your "Personal" files on each device. Don't hesitate to message us directly. We'd be glad to give you more details. Thanks for your suport! Quick replies while on the go: @Alen: I've edited the FAQ to avoid confusion. Thanks for bringing in these precisions. We *do* believe that synchronization is simpler when the entire filesystem is synchronized. What about exchanging around that by e-mail? We've followed your campaign from our cave and we'd love to meet you. @Fritz: Plug synchronizes all your files (documents, pictures, music, videos), but you can select which ones are available offline (ie take storage space) on your device, and which ones should be available only in streaming from your Plug. Note that specific application data, such as iOS Contacts or Notes, are not currently synchronized in the current version of Plug. We'll do our best to support these specific applications soon in the future. @Jan: Plug stores everything in a readable format on your drive. So if anything goes wrong, you'll be able to get your data back in seconds -- even if your Plug is broken. Hi everybody, Thanks for being so much to talk about Plug. It really helps us. We've begun fulfilling the project FAQ with the main questions in this thread: <url>#project-faqs We explain the difference between Plug and PogoPlug/OwnCloud/Synology/DropBox. We also provide details about multi-user support and shipping. I'll do my best to answer to your other comments asap. We don't sleep a lot these days, and we love how much people support us. Thanks for your exhaustive feedback! Hello everybody, We received a LOT of questions from you. Thank you for your support! We're working full-time to give you all the more precise & dedicated answers we can. We try to answer personally every-single-question, so it takes a bit of time. You cannot imagine how great it is to talk with you about Plug. Thank you so much for being here! Hello everybody, We're sorry about the confusion around shipping prices. We thought it would better to offer Plug at the exact same price for everyone (intl/US). As we're both US and Europe based, it's something we can do. We cannot remove the shipping fees. We've done great efforts to make Plug affordable, so removing $10 more will not work in our manufacturig plan. However, we'll include these $10 in the next rewards to come so everything is clear and without surprises (can't change the current ones). Thanks for your understanding! Hi everybody, Thanks for your tremendous support! We can't believe it! It's great! We're a bit underwater, but here is a quick answer to the main questions: - Shipping: we DO ship internationally. We put $10 for everyone. Please add it to your pledge when backing (I guess you'll be able to add it later if you already backed us) - USB3 & Gigabit Ethernet: that would be awesome, indeed, but it would have made the device far more expensive for us to produce (and we don't like that - we want it cheap and sexy). Moreover, with Plug, the memory of your devices is used as cache. So this is not really a bottleneck: in most situations, having USB2 instead of USB3 shouldn't really impact the user experience. - Ethernet instead of Wi-Fi: for reliability and performance. Also, your Plug should be connected to your router all the time. There is no point in putting it too far. - For people who have a NAS (Synology, etc...): we'll try to make Plug compatible with SAMBA in the future. That would enable you to re-use the storage you already bought with your devices. Which is something we find important. - Hard drive arrays: data replication is high in our priority list. If you connect two hard drives to Plug (using a USB hub), you'll be able to have them replicate each other. - EARLY BIRD and CLASSIC are exactly the same, except for the color (all gone -woah) - When you take a picture with your phone, it gets copied on Plug automatically. It stays available on your phone, but it also appears in the "My Pictures" folder of your PC and of your other devices. If you have a connected TV, it gets available there too. We can't thank you enough for how GREAT this launch has been. You are awesome. Don't hesitate to share the projects to your friends! Just wanted to comment here for 2021. what a disaster project .. all this people should be in jail Is there anybody out there? I would be happy if you show me a way to get refund. Lmao. For some reason I decided to randomly check up on this "project" again. Thank God I requested a refund in time. Rick, do not use that Lima. Not only is the company gone, -Lima encrypts your files so that they can only be accessed through a Lima device. When it fails, -and it will, you will no longer have your files. This thing is basically a hardware cryptolocker. You have been warned. @Rick Perez Were they ever truly open? What is the sound of one dollar flapping in the wind? I’ve finally gotten around to opening my Lima and am having trouble finding support. Is Lima actually closed? This time, it's Goodbye Hi there, You receive this because you're a loyal customer of Lima, the Personal Cloud device. Unfortunately, I have sad news: Lima is closing its doors. Despite tremendous efforts from the team to avoid this, we had some funding problems that we couldn't recover from. As you know, we’re a startup — and that happens in startup life. We've built Lima to help people like you manage their files more easily & without compromising on their privacy. It’s been an incredible adventure from day #1, with more than 60 people joining the team along the years. We fought to build a tech that was good to you, with no compromises. You were 80k+ users around the world using our Personal Cloud products. 80k+ people trusting us to protect your most precious memories. Damn, that was worth the fight! We’re proud of the products we’ve built, and we think the problem we were trying to solve is still gigantic today. We’re forced out, but we truly hope innovation won’t stop in this area. I’d like to thank you, our customer, for all the support you gave us in this journey. I also thank the Lima team for all the dedication, energy, passion and resilience they put in building our products and company. They’ve been a real family to me. The same thanks go to our investors and the multitude of partners from around the world who helped us push Lima forward. Hopefully, for the past 7 years building this company, we've changed something for the better. I believe we had a good fight. Take care, Severin Still a bunch of sLima on eBay, including a bunch of Ultron and an original Blue and Black! Now's your chance to relive the glory days of Plug and put money in the trash! @Ikalios, they're extremely safe (in the trash) right now! So should it be safe if you own the last one in existence ?😄 There are still a few deranged souls trying to sell sLima on ebay. Best of luck, boys! Yeah, I wouldn't touch that code with a dead sLima Ultron, it was posted more as a point of interest than anything else. It doesn't appear to have been touched for the better part of a half-year. It's the transmission half (though I would not trust Gawen to secure it.) What is missing is the pernicious changing from native file format that the Lima product did, -basically making your synced data unusable without a Lima intermediary Supposedly, the CTO of sLima has created a project that builds on the sLima base idea: <url>"Thank you for your 79USD" ... bastards. @Haydn Miller, I don't understand. They still fulfill their intended purpose as a doorstop. Ooooooh, you mean as a network device. I see. In that case, I'd suggest you take some time to learn about Syncthing. It's not plug-n-pray, but you'll get a much more satisfying experience. Anyone have any suggestions for a new device to replace my Lima’s now they are useless? It's hilarious but totally in-character for these grifters to throw shade at their KS victims. They have always been as arrogant as they were deceitful. Vaporware grifting is a real thing, and Sev & the CGC crew lived off the KS money for at least a year. Seems to me they could try and be a little more gracious to those of us who they screwed. So in the one letter (link posted earlier,) the author states: Where did all that Kickstarter money go? OK, let's address this last. What Kickstarter money? Yeah, the founders raised over a million dollar. But do you remember how much the backers paid for those devices? From $59 to $79 each. Well, as bad as the hardware was, it was planned for about 1000 devices, not over 10,000. And it was pretty expensive. Sooooooo..........instead of capping the campaign at a reasonable number, you let it run so long it became difficult to fulfill the orders. I'm not a business major, but that doesn't seem like a good idea. Scott - here's another resource I just ran across: <url>"V1" and the artificial "V2" that say that even when they worked, they didn't work well or required messing with. According to things said in the twitter comments, someone else owns the IP and "company" now, which has made it difficult for them to release code. Code, which they both promised would be third-party audited AND released for the possibility that CGC would go away. Obviously, since you're wishing on magical unicorns, that didn't happen... Sorry to see you go! Any chance that that you guys will make the software, server and client public so I (we) can setup my own system or together with others, like Ubuntu One did (will do)? Realy no need to brick all the limas! Hope to hear from some of you! Best Regards Niels I ordered two and had them successfully syncing to each other, then got a Ultra and also paired it with an original Lima backing each other up. I have had no trouble at all with any of it. I use a windows and mac and android lima client all work, not super snappy but they work. I am not sure what everyone is complaining about other than they lack some business and have to go out of business. I will have to reverse engineer their protocol to let my client find my lima to keep using it which will be a large pain. I wish they would let me just take over the servers that do the mapping of email to Lima device so we can keep using it. I give them 1 star (out of a billionty-seven) for actually delivering a product that sorta kinda partly did what they promised. *ran I personally think this scam read way to long I'd love to know what happened internally, they were obviously using an Addonics NAS for their prototypes. Remember all the hype about having to qualify new parts? Hard to believe they once said "The hardware device you’ve seen on the video is ready for production," yet took years to actually deliver the device. And, as you said, they never really delivered promised features or even a stable system. On the Offal-icial sLima Twitter page, someone within the company posted a farewell message and in one of the replies posted that the toxicity of the Kickstarter community was one of the problems that they encountered. Well, yeah, the community is toxic because you fed us a plate of lies to get us hooked and then had to scramble when we called you on your BS and wanted what you said you'd sell us. There's apparently also "IP Issues" with the codebase because it belongs to someone else...whatever the fook that's supposed to mean, so open-sourcing it is problematic. Yeah, sure. First crowdfunded project I backed. Ordered two. I never used them (they themselves said it's unreliable). I waited years before they deliver their promised features. Now they're shutting down. And they're essentially bricking the devices -_- I got their earphones (compensation for the disappointment they caused). I rooted for them, until I can support them no more. This is comment number 8,158. Lima is dead, it does not surprise me. Their management was there only to take the money with almost 1 year of delay. I have 2 and used them for 1 month. What’s the use ?? Finally their investors (yes they needed investors then to continue to maintain this piece of dated tech) realized that there is nothing to find good in the team’ innovation vision. Lima was 50% scam, 40% trash, 10% good idea. Thanks the Lima team, bravo for your incompetence. Many French start ups are closing down. They all took the money with outdated shitty tech and bybye. No internet for 6 years? What on earth?! What happens if CGC dies ? What’s good with Lima is that it’s entirely private and decentralized. So Lima can work independently from any servers, and continue managing your data even if our startup dies (disclosure: we don’t plan anything like that). Disclosure: We didn't plan anything like that. @Corey Schroeter I too was taken in by the lies. I was honestly looking forward to a device that could replicate itself over multiple nodes sans a middleman. The first part kind of worked, the second? Not so private... It's been a pleasure gentlemen. Let's raise a toast from shore as the bad ship sLima slides under the waters for the final time. @Rick Perez, certainly! Here's how to set your Lima up. 1: Look at your Lima box. Admire the Apple-like packaging. 2: Put the box and it's contents in the trash. Admire the Apple-like packaging. 3: Cry a little over the money you spent, but consider it a hard lesson learned. 4: Purchase a Synology, QNAP, or other SoHo NAS box. 5: Enjoy. (optional: Wish you'd purchased a sLima Ultron so you could throw it away too.) If you truly do want to set it up, do so NOW. You have about two weeks before the system begins shutting down, according to sLima. I remember why I backed this. At the time it was announced there weren't any other affordable options for a plug and play personal cloud storage system. I was always running out of space on my Dropbox and figured this would be the perfect solution. Fast forward to long past the original date I expected it and I had forgotten I was even expecting this. About six months before I got it, I bought a WD My Cloud and filled it with four 3tb drives. I think I set up my Lima once. Saw how limited it was, and immediately unplugged it and left it in a drawer since then. It was just too late to the game and was lacking in features. That did teach me an important lesson though. Never Kickstart something that I'm counting on needing. Lima is going shutdown soon.. I just receive the email. I have to yet set mine up, can anyone help it’s been a few years? Oh man, this brings back memories.. I back very few things (and no technology) anymore due to this exact campaign. The lied about where the product was in development... Lied about what it could/would do, then ran a complete scam on amazon with fake reviews (really obvious too, if people wanted to look). And now, they are finally giving up on the scam and moving on. I recognize some of the posters here and I salute you with a nod of the head and a wave. KC, BryanS, Spencer and a couple others. It was nice having people with me in their disgust at what this bogus mess became. Good luck on all your future ventures. Hope you never back something as deceitful as this thing was again! Just in time for the final countdown! Well, looks like this is it. Head on over to meetlima.com and you'll see that sLima is going to shut down services and exit. After March 2019, the connection servers will be shut down, and your sLima will become neutered. The CEO says it's the final goodbye. Strangely enough, they now provide you a file decryption tool to remove the files from your sLima and bring them back into the real world. Go figure! Oh my gosh, this thread is priceless. My story is kinda funny. I backed the Lima project and then ended up moving to a place where I did not have my own internet service. I've been there for 6 years, now. I never even once attempted to set up my Lima device. Now that I am moving again and will have my own internet service, I dug it out and decided to see what's going on with the company these days. Radio silence for at least a year and a half and a bunch of sketchy marketing? Awesome!!! So I have a nice blue and white paperweight! Except it weighs almost nothing. Maybe I'll open it up and put a little tungsten block in it. Oops, here goes the link <url>"copy of everything on your Lima gets put on your system drive" phase. Killed my device when I decided to open it and mess with the bootloader. Lima, of course, was silent on a request for those parameters to recover. It was basically just a "Don't back shit like this again" moment for me. First time in 3 years I believe back here on this page. I did receive a refund minus Kickstarter charges I think. So how are you lot holding up? Misery loves company - as the saying goes. In case you want to relive the comedy of times past, here are the links to Lima and Lima "V2" for Amazon, as they seem to be hard to find these days. "V1" <url>"V2" <url>"blog" ask "Where did you go Lima?" Is this garbage company still in business? I know this company is French and all, but why the weird GB nomenclature? No one outside of French-speaking areas calls it a "Gigaoctet." @Brent Passey , that's unlikely. The best they wanted to do is offer a small discount on sLima Ultron when it came out. @Os Crespo You jest, sir. I really wanted this product to work. After weeks of frustration I insisted on a refund and surprisingly got a refund minus shipping. I don’t know if they’re still doing that for backers though. Too bad it struggled to even moderately function. This is the most useful product I've bought in my life @KC Don't forget that sLima Ultron gives you 250GO for those thousands of pictures you take every week. Their product roadmap is nothing of the sort, and just leads to a pre-order page. Their blog has not been updated since 8/2017 but does have a testimonial from a person who is using the device that is available for pre-order. Seems legit! True, but not worth the money we paid. The irony is that the headphones included in my two Limas, has seen WAY more use. Also that is the only thing of substance from this whole project... My dear BryanS, there is a good news hidden in one of their sites. Check this up <url>"almost full" at 97%, exactly where it's been since the beginning of time. I get the distinct feeling that something's wrong with that progress bar... "dev" is short for devolution @KC - well yeah, I mean, doesn't "dev" stand for "deviant?" @Kane Lambert -Hahahahah! You said "dev team!" What annoys me is the Dev team have removed Chromecast support. Literally the only fucking thing keeping this thing useful to some degree is now gone. Hope these wankers get what's due, scammed everyone and delivered a piece of shit product. Awful people. I create many GO when I eat a bowl of beans, then. It stinks as much as this project does. Hey! Lima! You bunch of _______. Lol GO's are an international unit of vapor. Lima adds *a lot* of vapor to the lives of its users. @Cameron Bee, don't forget that Jean, the person who's phone now has 256GO (?) also has a 1TA hard drive. It's made-up units all around. They grifted us all using the Kickstarter ATM. Once the money ran dry, they will put on a new suit of clothes and find another set of suckers. It would be nice to think that their reputations would be tarnished, but from a business perspective they made a ton of money using just marketing and vaporous promises. Wonder where they all are now. No doubt the money ran dry years ago, and Amazon sales don't seem to be enough to support their lifestyle. I like on their blog it has a quote that says, “I love that my phone went from 64GO to 250 GO” What’s a GO? Lol, I can’t even get that right @day - send them to the guy on the (youtube) hydraulic press channel. At least that will be entertaining, which will be of more value than sLima. @day - BWHAHAHAHHAHAHAHA!!! I have two limas if anyone is interested, let me know in comments and we can take this elsewhere :) A handful is enough @dim3m I'd say there's only a handful of people who even remember this exists. Kickstarter probably isn't going to do anything, let alone care - they go their money. I think the best way is to randomly copy and paste past comments Is it possible to spam this comment board to 1,229,074 comments??? Or will kickstarter ban us for not being respectful and considerate to these scammers???? I see the sLima "V2" unit is no longer being offered on Amazon, save a few brave third-party tardlings that are attempting to sell them for $173-ish. The nasty comments continue to trickle in on both that and the original product page, most of which are "Just don't work." The "waiting list" for sLima Ultron is still at 97%, where it seems to have been for as long as I can remember. Wonder if they will ever offer it from a seller that allows public commenting? (Answer: Not if they have a brain cell left.) Aint that the truth. "It sucks" The essence of Lima, distilled. it sucks @Carlindo Lago - you can try and contact (s)Lima here - <url>"Innovative." I never get my device. I want my money Back quickly. Lol. I love coming back here to read others who are still as annoyed by this project as I am. It's one thing to fail and just realize you've failed. These people anger me because they act like they succeeded and are still scamming people literally daily. Makes me want to keep posting about their trash and do my best to make sure they never get employed in tech. @BS - No, you misunderstand. Lima is INNOVATIVE, and therefore you are wrong. They are disrupting the full media player market. I have to love how the copy for Lima Ultra promises that "Your smartphone becomes a full media player" My Smartphone has ALWAYS been a full media player... Worth hardware, software and support i ever saw - over year they could not stabilize it! Works very unstable: mobile app on iphone stuch when syncing photos and video, also mobile app using lot of space for cache or something; lima mapped disk (on windows) or partition (on mac) stuck during copying or accessing files; sometimes lima stuck and reboot needed to restore... lost of money and time. Very not recommended! Someone considering a Lima on reddit: <url>"microinvest in this amazing product" as soon as you can as ski season is upon us. @BS - you got scammed by TWO personal cloud storage devices?! Maybe you should refrain from crowdsourcing. If any of you backed "WEDG: the personal cloud you've been waiting for" on Indiegogo: Please log into your Indiegogo account and select contact us. I don't care what you pick, but please: Let Indiegogo know about the crap Wedg pulled with the campaign. Let Indiegogo know how much money you lost on this campaign. Let Indiegogo know if you've tried to contact Wedg or any associated party (and the result.) Let Indiegogo know that Wedg isn't talking. Let Indiegogo know that Wedg has pretty much vanished from the internet. Apparently, the campaign is under review. The more people scream about this, the quicker we get it resolved. I'm posting here because it's a similar project to Lima (remote storage) that I foolishly backed, and I wanted to let anyone else who may have backed it know. @Kane - CGC has long take the stance that they delivered *a* product which means they fulfilled their commitment to KS backers. They steadfastly refuse to acknowledge that they have not delivered *the* product for which they were paid. Despite the "KS is not a store" marketing nonsense, the law is very clear: We have prepaid for a product and the creator is legally bound to deliver the product as described when they sold it. This KS has been like ordering a custom leather bag with your initials on it and when it arrived we unboxed a vinyl bag with the company logo on it instead. Of course, these creeps are beyond US law and KS is utterly unwilling to hold creators accountable so we are all SoL. Alll we can do now is help prevent CGC from creating fresh victims. Don't expect them to help you with that, and their track record of deceiving their customers and backers speaks for itself. A team member from Lima has replied, as have I to their comment. I believe the company is stepping around the issue rather than addressing it, which is very cowardly behaviour. <url>"version 2" device is on sale for $10 off! But alas, it looks like that 2.7 star rating and all those negative reviews aren't helping sales much. @HotMayoSandwich (in regards to Gennadiy Arestov) <url>Привет! Я пользуюсь еще первым устройством Lima. ВСЕ работает. Windows 10 Номе + Windows 10 Prof + Windows 7 Prof + Android 5.1. Документы, музыка, фото синхронизированы. Удобно! Спасибо разработчикам!!! Из России с любовью! Геннадий. Product is a dud. CGC is just trying to squeeze the remaining juice out of these lemons. I'm certainly not "buying" anything from Lima. In fact, considering I got a refund on my pledge, I technically never bought it the first time. Lima is pretending and we are buying! We became the fools with the first version and now they want to make a business out of more fools around the world with version Ultra. We have to stop them! Grrr <url>"After finally seeing an announcement from the CEO. I don't believe people's questions have been answered, necessarily. I keep seeing the same response of the new hardware being faster and more powerful etc and yet we're still not with a product that works initially. The correlation I'm seeing is that the original Lima hardware was not good enough in the first place, something original backers had queried before production and to which Lima stated the hardware would work fine. If the hardware is unable to perform to how the product was initially promised then you have failed us. A minor discount is frankly an insult, is that's your offer. We should be given replacement hardware for free (maybe pay shipping at the absolute most) if the original is not up to the tasks that were outlined in the backer campaign. We were promised X,Y and Z and you haven't delivered. We have a very buggy product 2 years after the initial beta release and 1 year after the first stable release. It's fine to release new hardware to provide new features down the line but we haven't even been given basic functionality that was promised. For example, I don't believe for a second that the Lima should be taking 15 seconds or more just to load an image yet will play a 1080p video within a few seconds. This is not limited by my connection speed as I've proven this happens on WiFi and LTE. This cannot be hardware based as my first generation raspberry pi can run as a faster server client. We want what was promised at the end of the day and IF new hardware is the ONLY answer to that then you should be providing it at no or next to no cost to us. It's not our fault if the hardwares lack of capability is an oversight of yours and you should do right by us. Instead, you seem to be insistent on either ignoring us or deleting our negative reviews, whilst paying people's to give positive reviews of your hardware. I'm asking you, on behalf of everyone with issues, to focus on your original customers. We're the reason you could grow into something much larger, so you need to pile your resources into fixing the issues and not on your marketing." You think that's an applicable response to your concerns? Giving a $50 off coupon for their new product? <url>#/ This one vaguely mentions "tunneling," "DNS," and "firewalls" without giving any kind of information on how it gets data past your firewall or what it needs on the back end. Let's not forget this one: <url>"In regard to time, a single hatch mark indicates minutes, and two hatch marks indicate seconds." @lokiracer It's too bad TechCuck uses Facebook as their commenting engine, otherwise I would leave a nice little writeup on my Lima experience. Facebook, however, is the Great Satan. I love how the promo for "Lima Ultra" uses the tick marks for angular measurements (Degrees-minutes-seconds) in relation to the time it takes to transfer files. Time....angles....how do they work? How do we measure them? I guess we'll never know... It took me a minute to realize WTF they were doing because traditional English distance measurements can use a single quote ( ' ) as a mark for feet and a double quote ( " ) for inches. Why does Lima ultra take 30 inches to do what Lima does in 8 feet? Who knows? Everyone go comment on TechCrunch's paid marketing piece for Lima: <url>"Ultimate" They are smart to not put it up on Amazon where victims can review it. ROFL Somehow they managed to build a better Lima faster than building a garbage one. I still won't install any CGC equipment on my network in any way. Woops, screwed up again CGC. Really, focusing on a new device when your first one still isn't functioning as promised on here? Disgusting @KC Thanks! CGC team. Please remove my email from your system. Im not I favor for any future devices from you. @Rodolfo - The Lima hardware can be repurposed, but it's junky (USB 2, 100Mbit) and does not contain wireless. Google "Bifferboard" and "WanserR" Minus the software and Skittles-esque enclosure that is what a Lima is. And they are revealing a new product in December... Anyone knows if it possible to install a different firmware and convert it to something like this: <url>#comment-8731633 Just watching the video. Why am I not surprised that he's French. Taiyyib was just one in a long line of shills, astroturfers and plants used by CGC to deceive their customers @HotMayoSandwich He (taiyyib) actually did do an unboxing video. He took it out of the box. And...did nothing else. <url>"V2" rating has dropped to 2.5 stars. RIP Lima. RIP CGC. Have gone blue trying to get this brilliant idea to work, and while support was helpful the Product just did not work. Sending it to the recycle bin. Another great idea badly executed. Amen! Yep. They are running out of funding and desperate to keep the party going. Scam endgame. Their "version 2" rating on Amazon has dipped to 2.8 stars, and "version 1" is at 3.1 stars (likely due to all the shilling from CGC). It's quite apparent that they've run out of money and are becoming desperate to recoup their loses. Please, head over to Amazon and down rank this product so new customers aren't stuck with a non-functioning Lima device. @Shirl - There is no "V2" they just are rebranding the same garbage to try and leave old/bad reviews behind on Amazon. Another original kickstarter supporter - my Lima has been in test mode since Day1, since I never saw a solid connection ("Lima unavailable") But I did see my files if I waited long enough. Since their recent app update (not firmware update) - the unit doesn't show old files, but new empty file structure. And in trying to fix that issue by getting my account deleted to be reset up, the unit now can't connect or be recognized by the router. Tried everything Support suggested. I just got an email where 'Your unit seems to be damaged and we would like to be able to make the necessary adjustments, but, unfortunately, the warranty is expired since [period] ago.' When I said "I am not happy with resolution," I was told "Of course, that's not something to crow about but since each company has their policies, we do too. " As everyone has said - great concept. Had high hopes during initial phase. But as a real business - poor execution so far on support. Software upgrades to the apps should not kill a working unit. I'm assuming they are abandoning v1 units. CGC is shilling hard on "V2" and still cannot break 3 stars. Nobody wants a Lima. It's a buggy tech dinosaur. Find a new scam. I see on Amazon that the "V1" device is now out of stock (and available only through 3rd party sellers.) The V2 device has a Fakespot rating of "C" and the company has a rating of "D," indicating that Fakespot believes 60% of the reviews to be inauthentic. @Kane, It really is a shame, the idea of the device had such great potential. CGC (as we later found out) was basically lying from the get-go, starting with their actual location. Delaware? Nope! France! @KC, gotta keep the money coming in so you can pay the people in the pyramid. Fed up of being considerate if I'm honest. Years later and this device is a load of rubbish. Poor support from the team, app is full of bugs, issues known for months or longer still not fixed etc etc. Still no full working product as described, massively overdue on targets and an all around sham. Massive shame as it was a great idea which was hugely mismanaged. While that may be the norm, I find the repeated push for sales in the face of their own failings rather egregious. @KC I think every tech product I've backed on kickstarter has either gone obsolete because it's model was unable to be supported, or it simply didn't work as promised. Ouya, AdTrap, Lima... It's kind of crazy that this was funded over 3 years ago and they still have not delivered on the initial product specification. Lima has consistently lied to backers here as well as to shoppers at Amazon. They spent way more time and effort on deception than they ever did on development. Either Lima has started shilling on the V2 page, or the customers are really stupid: By Richard on September 8, 2016 I bought a purple model. It worked perfectly out of the box. The setup was flawless and took only five minutes. The headphones worked great. It took me longer to learn what the difference colors meant than for the shipment to arrive. Fast shipping. I'm using my iPhone 6s Plus to access my graduate school course data. Works great. Um, 'scuse me Rich, ol boy. There's only ONE color of V2 listed... @Evan, The amount of cache a Lima device requires has been a problem since day 1. So yes, anyone that has a Lima has cache problems. As I do not have a Lima at this point (killed it the first week) I can't say how it performs these days. Originally, however, it copied everything into cache, so if you had 10GB of files on Lima you had 10GB of files in cache. I'm not sure why they need to store so much information, a few KB should be more than enough for a hash and some metadata per file. @Evan - That's how Lima "makes your devices bigger" -by using up 2x the space needed through ill-conceived and poorly implemented code. You should see the things they are doing with security! Anybody found a problem with the lima cache? I installed it and put a few dozen gigs of stuff on my lima.. but now my phone and laptop are both constantly full because of the lima cache is so damned big and never goes away. I encourage you all to go on the version 2 Amazon page and downvote this pos. Just hooked mine up after having it sit in the box for 6 months (arrived on schedule). Download is ongoing, seems to be working as advertised so far. Surprised by all the negative comments. @BrianS, that's exactly what I thought. It's a way to sneak from the Amazon reviews, which is averaging low 3stars for as long as it exists. I got fooled twice with Hooke... damn.. Kickstarter should have award Lima for The most commented project of 2013. Congrats lima! It's pretty clear they will say or do anything to avoid having to get a real job. Just Juuuiiiicccee those marketing claims. Squeeze out another ill-gotten drop! @Luis, As of today (August 25 2016) the page you linked is showing 8 in stock, and it's basically the exact same thing as the original item - except that it's being called v2. I'd guess this is so they can distance themselves from the shitshow that is the original device. Makes me wonder, when people buy this one and it still sucks, how long before they move to v3? Finally got my Lima today but the only thing that I was looking forward to after reading all of the reviews was the new set of ear buds… That were not included. Yet again another Lima fail I found this today on Amazon: <url>"backup plan"... first time turn on the unit and use it! I have two, unluckily, one is ok, one is faulty... just mailed the support for help. My thoughts exactly. I stopped funding design and tech projects here because Kickstarter's caveat emptor attitude towards us encourages campaigns like this which can be viewed as anywhere from fraudulent to merely irresponsible. Kickstarter has become a no-interest seed-money ATM for tech grifters. I should have pulled my support before the end of this campaign. I didn't and learned from it. I have supported some tech endeavors since but have pulled the plug on all of them because of over promises and not a good feeling based on feedback to backers. I know this is not a store but a sandbox for new ideas but.......... Buyers beware, either feel good or go home. People are still commenting on this useless piece of crap. 8k+ ;) Mine has been in pieces since I got it. Never updates past 0.079.4938.blahblah beta I can't remember because they don't know how to count. I found that rsync does a really good job over networks and it is free on my RPi3. @Thomas -Shhh! CGC is busy "innovating" Quickly approaching 3 years and no device... My Lima can now manage 1T of documents, music, pictures and videos! @Vincent - You will never get a Lima that matches the product description of this campaign. You may get an incomplete, amateurish, insecure and buggy turd that endangers your data, but I recommend you ask for your money back instead. When will I get my LIMA? Please advise. Thanks. Vincent Seems that the 'ol boys club at CGC got a bit of breathing room today: MS announced they were finally shuttering a good portion of the dregs of what was once Nokia: <url>"fulfill" than the developers originally promised. But this was a startup effort, and I was tolerant of that.) Initial impressions: 1) Lima seems to operate essentially as promised, making files "available" on all devices, from my at-home drive dedicated to that purpose. I like the idea of keeping my files on "my" drive rather than someone else's. I also like the idea of not using wifi/cellular data to store my files, since Lima conveys them over my in-home router, rather than via the internet. Only when a specific file is actually "called" from a remote device is internet data used to transport it to that device. 2) Although Lima promotes itself as a "personal cloud," Lima's usefulness seems much more limited than Google Drive, iCloud Drive or Microsoft Drive. Those cloud services automatically update their content when files are modified on your device. At least for now, Lima requires that users manually drag modified files onto the Lima drive for them to be available on other devices. 3) Lima apparently does NOT store actual files; only "metadata" allowing actual files to be downloaded (Lima calls it "streamed") from your Lima drive to your devices quickly upon demand. So... offline functionality is limited to only those files users have "pinned" to their devices for "offline" use. That, of course, requires forethought, before a plane trip, for example. Version 1.1 of the Lima software includes a "preference" to automatically keep an "offline" copy of documents created on your device, but that "automatic" copy is not also stored on your other devices. 4) I've set up my Lima drive to serve as a "backup" for some of my files (after all, I should be able to make good use of the large hard drive I bought for Lima use). But Lima doesn't provide such backup capability. I'm using other software to create scheduled backups (copies) of files onto the Lima drive from my computer. Then, Lima "streams" the metadata from those files to my other devices. Effectively, this makes my "backed up" computer files "available" on my other devices - if needed. 5) Lima has crashed only once in the 3 days since installation. Very likely that was caused by my attempt to bulk load many GB of data onto its drive at once. Recovery was easy enough, though not intuitive. I had to "quit" the Lima software and restart it to recover. That's a function which probably should be added to the convenient Lima menu, just in case. For me, the "holy grail" of this product would be the ability to create a genuine "personal cloud," with which I could keep-in-sync all my files (or at least all the files I prefer to keep that way), without having to think about synchronization. A Google Drive equivalent, but running on my own personal hard drive via my own personal network, without storing my files on someone else's drive. For now, Lima doesn't meet that standard, though I could imaging it developing. Rha back up in computer land has a specific meaning, <url>"Save files to Lima on iOS" planned later) shown on the roadmap (<url>"waiting list" they claim to be 97% full. The Blue and Green versions are out already. It does not look good at all, specially considering their ratings at Amazon store has been on low 3 stars for quite some time. Nope I never got it either. Very little response from them when I chased it as well. Never got any of my LIMAS what gives? @Brian S Thanks for the info...my AdTrap still works on my PC If any of you also backed the AdTrap, I posted a link to a factory firmware image and the original documentation in the comments section for that kickstarter. AdTrap seems to be a dead device these days, their forums are gone and I've been told that phones have been disconnected. Still no Lima.... I got lima many months ago and finally the linux beta client, i Can try it now. Even if after all this time it is no more a "cool" technology and there is something better outside Bait and Switch. I still have mine despite the fact they gave me a refund, but I won't waste my time testing something that is potentially dangerous to my privacy and definitely not safe to store my data. Hi all I got this email today "Hello, We've just released the Beta version of our Linux client & thought you might be interested in trying it out (finally!)." but i got a refund and sent my Plugs/Limas back a few months ago lol I received my 2 Lima devices in Apr 2015 after signing up for the beta program. I was too busy with work at the time they arrived to set them up, and boy am I glad I still haven't unboxed them. Just watched the daddoes.com review and all the negative comments here, and I'll just write this off as a total scam. Anyone who didn't waste time and data trying to set this up has dodged a bullet Do you have an estimated delivery date for me? It's been 3 years That should have been "Another similar project" I ended up purchasing an OPI unit from Open Products. At the time, it was pretty cheap - US$99 plus some shipping, but they've raised the price a lot... Interesting. Fakespot is now back to a "D" I backed another project called WEDG - They're over a year late now because they had "legal troubles with a third party claiming code written by a contract employee that was on leave from his/her former employer." They're silent on the whole thing and the few updates (admittedly, more than Lima gave us for a long time) are nothing but marshmallow fluff. Lesson: Technology crowd funding sucks. Don't do it. @Thomas Covington, they are way too busy writing fake reviews on their Amazon page. Still no device ...... Refund? @Luis Fakespot now gives a "F" grade to Lima's reviews, which is down from the "D" it used to have. It rates 80% of reviews as fake. <url>"Wait" seems appropriate as well. Wohoo 8,000 comment mark! *weight Or delete your comments when is posted in their blog, or make up comments and reviews in the Amazon. @dim3m, Lima 2.0 will be a rock solid device. I mean, literally, so you can use it as proper paper wait. You can always count on the CGC team to ignore comments. @CGC, ????? @CGC team, shhhhhh @CGC team, whats next for Lima? The headphone that came with the Lima is cheap Any updates on a version 2 of the device. I need another paper weight Lima = $79 paper weight The ransomware case a Lima flaw in the same way that their "backup" use case is flawed: If you make an unwanted change to a file or delete it entirely, you lose the desired content. The only backup use case that Lima (maybe) fulfills is if your Lima drive dies suddenly leaving you with a second copy of data. @Christopher Lewis, I assume Lima would happily copy all the encrypted files over top your good ones, since it doesn't have any kind of version control. I suspect your question was rhetorical, though :) I have still yet to receive a device or a refund.... One thought, if you should fall victim of ransomware would lima app allow them to access all the devices with the app installed and ransom those too? No limage for me either. ... Didn't get the device @Alexander & @Rafael - You didn't get your devices, but that means you didn't lose your data. Contact Lima support and ask for a refund. I didn't get my devices ether. What's happening? Still waiting my device... nothing ... It wouldn't be the first time CGC spent money on Deception rather than Development @Corey, One of the things that really struck me as odd was the claimed transfer speed. Reviewer said he was able to get something on the order of 86mbps on his shit-tier consumer router with this device. That's pretty damn good for an ancient 100base device. Just for giggles, I grabbed my old Ineo NAS unit and put a new SATA drive in it. This is a late-gen Bifferboard derivative, using the same 486SX CPU with some additional RAM for buffering and whatnot. Connecting this and my computer directly to my 1000base Mikrotik router, I was able to push 66mbps sustained transfer. Remember that this is with the drive connected directly to the SATA bridge on the processor, not via a USB port. I'm don't think the reviewer was able to achieve speeds claimed. While I don't remember my own speeds with Lima, I remember them being painfully slow, certainly slower than the Ineo NAS. I have an older version of this NAS as well, with a IDE bridge instead - it's able to push about 48mbps when connected to the same setup. That reviewer is either paid off or an absolute idiot... Actually, I guess the third and most likely option is a union of them both. Either way, I don't get it? Does the fact that it didn't catch his house on fire give the device a +4 rating, and the fact that the plug fit into the drive push it over the top? I'm honestly perplexed. Like that scene from Zoolander. That review makes me think I took crazy pills, except that I'm not the only one scratching my head. @Luis, ditto. I have had a pogoplug since whenever (now retired) and multiple synology devices; -all of which deliver far and above what Lima is capable of doing. They also do not lie to me. Yep, and the other very odd thing in the article, and later on the discussion below, was that "you get what you pay for" thing. I find a Synology single bay for $106, just $7 above Lima. There are plenty of other NAS-like devices well below Lima price with much more features. I own one of the early Pogoplug. It is not great, but it you can find it below $50, it comes with more features than Lima, and you just plug your current HDD and it will recognize it and start to index immediately. No need to reformat and I never lost any files there. It's been working for over 6 years with me. The other odd thing is his defending his "This device is rated at 5/5 stars. I would rate it higher if I could" while acknowledging all the missing features, performance limitations, etc. Makes you wonder if a device has to stab his Gran in the eye to earn only 4 stars. @KC, The author of the article just seems confused to me - "Hey, I got one of those computer things, I can write articles!" The interesting thing? He admits he has a Synology unit can do all of what Lima proposed way back when, and more. I'm not sure what the need for Lima is... @Louis, -what BrianS said. Lima was open about the hardware re-used; one of the few things they fully and honestly disclosed in the campaign. @Brian - Yeah, the author seems desperately confused by the idea that Lima's proprietary *file* format is somehow akin to breaking a RAID array. Strange. @KC >> This is far closer to Cryptolocker than RAID. lolololol The NEW LimaLocker virus, er, device. - Pay and still lose your files! @Luis, That's because the Lima device IS that device in a pretty package. It's all based on a device called the Bifferboard, a 486-class CPU SBC that found it's way into a lot of low-end NAS devices. I have a unit from a company called Consus that's the same thing with a SATA bridge in a case. I used it for a long time before replacing it with a Synology unit. @KC, I hope those guys from MacSources realize what a mistake was endorse Lima. BTW, I found this NAS very similar to Lima from Addonics (<url>"This device is rated at 5/5 stars. I would rate it higher if I could." <url>"plaigiarism" than devoting some effort to understanding how "proprietary file format" is not the "same as with RAID." Head-scratcher for me, I don't see how you could acknowledge the performance and security flaws while wishing you could give it a more than perfect revew despite them. Corey +! That review you linked, KC, is spot on (and was actually rather generous of them). It's actually even worse than presented, imo, which is saying something. It is interesting to see this is still a giant mess. Not that I'm surprised, mind you - it wasn't what was advertised and even the "working" version of it was so bad I had to uninstall promptly. The only positive about this is it made me look at what options I had for finding that could actually do what this said it was going to do, and then I found more than one alternate, and an existing one with my router software that was flawless (for me). Looks like the company is finally dying out, though, which is what should happen when it is inferior and making claims it in no way backs up. Video Review of Lima: <url>"Reduced price sale." That's about US$464/GB. I can now buy a 256GB USB drive for $60, at a cost of about US$0.24/GB. It's like we're living in the future! @KC, The fact that Micro Center now sells a 256GB (!) USB flash drive for under $60 is a bigger disruption, says me, to the storage market. @ExZackly -Who would have thought that is what CGC meant when they kept insisting they were "disrupting the storage market" got my lima, connected it, transfered my files, 2 days later, lost all my files... put it back in the box.. pure shit. i bought a wd mycloud, been happy since. @KC It certainly turned out to be one, didn't it. The original kickstarter did say, verbatim: "The hardware device you’ve seen on the video is ready for production. It will be manufactured by one of our partners in Shenzen. On the software side, we are in the process of transforming our prototype code into production code." The information posted on the link you provided seems to state otherwise, that of being an "unfinished prototype." I guess "Unfinished Prototype" and "Ready For Production" mean the same thing! What's even worse is that platforms like Kickstarter and Indiegogo simply do not care past the point of collecting money. They give it a basic smell test, then if something goes wrong they simply step back and say they can't help, they're just a platform. I (foolishly) backed a similar project on Indiegogo that ran into "delays" from a "third party" and now they seem to have left the room except for one comment from someone saying how easy it is to complain about lack of updates. Live and learn. Doesn't matter, both Lima and the other project are out of date and worthless these days. Lima is a scam Some of you disagree, preferring instead a narrative where we gave our money to well-intentioned people with a bigger dream than they could pull off. Myself and others have posited that CGC lied to backers all along, pointing out that the September 2013 campaign which claimed finished code that required ONLY manufacturing funds for a finished product flies in the face of 2.5 years of evidence to the contrary. Below is direct evidence that CGC used the Lima Kickstarter as a funding source to launch a company, rather than a product, in direct violation of the KS ToS and our trust. Read this and decide for yourself: Published March 9: <url>"As it is the creator of a company that has a product idea, it is obviously highly motivated but there is no proof that this idea corresponds to market expectations," said Severin Marcombes CEO Lima, "At the time we launched on Kickstarter, we were only the two founders with a first unfinished prototype. We literally had nothing to show investors! " "When we were going to see investors, they replied that they did not know if they could take the risk of building on our project," says Severin Marcombes. "They asked us proof that we could sell in 1 000." The project has managed to rally 12,800 supporters. A success on Kickstarter gives legitimacy to contractors at the time to meet with investors. Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow" 121 David Batu (Refund declined since passed 15 days from delivery date and kickstarter comments section is not the "correct" media for asking refund) 120 Joseph Finlayson. I got the refund because Lima does not have a Linux client (contrary to what was advertised in the campaign). 119 Luis Perles. I got the refund stating that Lima never worked as intended on Android and does not have a Linux client (contrary to what was advertised in the campaign). 118. Faamaoni. Never received a Lima. May I please have a refund. 117. Jeff Mottle (CGarchitect). Unit can not even install and gives errors and no one replies to support tickets. 116. Darryl (Refund Policy in the Q&A on backershub has no details. I went on to choose colour - could not. Then items delivered as I thought there was a stage two. Now refusing return and refund. 115. AnnMarie Johnson (req'd refund via KS messaging; told they wouldn't refund delivered products) 113. Gift of Gab( multiple emails send requesting a refund, but all were denied) 112. Michael DaSilva (Was offered refund, but box has to be unopened and you have to front shipping costs to France.) 111. KDB 110. leomaier 109. Albert Chung 108. C Schroeter 107. Richard A 106. Rasmus Andersen 105. Jakamoto 104. Ibon Azkoitia (<url>ébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>"no site updates" and not issuing weekly updates. The former would be even more damning that the latter. @Jerry Dallal, I meant weekly update of the planned features and bug fixes. Not the blogs teaching you to have a "healthier relationship with your phone". Since they haven't delivered planned features like Linux and Windows phone support, and unification. Plus, the current software for the implemented devices is full of bugs. You can check their "Lima Feedback center". Unfortunately, I have to listen to more and more customers complaining every now and then because Lima banned me from their feedback center just because I requested a refund, and whenever any question/bug report/feature request I've ever made or contributed is updated I get an email. I cannot unsubscribe or close my account because I've been banned. That's not war, it's accountability. Revived Lima. Binned it. Used the headphones, then lost them. Life is much better. I'm no fan of Lima. I got out months ago. I check in out of curiosity occasionally to see if anything has changed. Luis Perles comment from "5 days ago" caught my eye. I checked the website myself. Here's a site update from March 3 (<url>⚡️ No answer and i paid � WHO are you ??? I backed the first day this thing was available as the "Plug" and have had my Lima for about 6 months. Easily one of the WORST products I have ever purchased (backed.) Completely unreliable. Still no ability to connect to a hard drive with existing data. "We’ll invite testers to switch from the Pioneer Kit to the full Lima experience (unification) in a few weeks." This statement still appears on their website after nearly a year without ever delivering on this promise. I have yet to figure out what Lima does better or beyond any NAS device or micro server (PogoPlug, Tonido, etc.) Setup is not easier, the app is not better, the software is not more intuitive, the connection is definitely not more reliable. Why would I buy this or recommend it to anyone? A complete disappointment. This video was back in January and yet this is the same experience today. <url>� @Shibu - see my profile for how to file a credit card chargeback. Pay very close attention to the TIPS section. If that fails, you will have to pester the refund out of CGC. The best way to do this is to spam their facebook, twitter and meetlima comment pages until they give you your pledge back as "hush money." I wish you luck. Let's get it started!!!! Go Lima! Can somebody please advise me how to get a refund? I am yet to receive this device. Thank you. Now using it in Paris, France. It's amazinnnnnnnnnng :) @Erin Q - You are supposed to just "chalk it up to experience" as "that's just how Kickstarter works" and let these shysters walk away with your money as if you were part of the Great ATM in the Cloud. You are supposed to ignore the fact that by US legal definition KS is a pre-paid product platform that OWES you the EXACT product you paid for not some "best effort" based on "microinvesting" that KS would like you to believe. In other words, if you care, you SHOULD get your money back, but you will have to pester it out of CGC. The best way to do this is to spam their facebook, twitter and meetlima comment pages until they give you your pledge back as "hush money." I wish you luck. What am I supposed to do If I never recieved my Lima? I tried to get a refund. Amazon payments told me no.. My credit card company told me No it is to old of a transaction. The funny thing is I recieved an email with a tracking number that they shipped my Lima and it then was delivered to Delaware (I live in Las Vegas) I just want my 79$ back Ryan, quick question, are you watching on your own device or have you installed Lima app on work machine? I received mine last year but didn't actually set it up until last night. I have to say I'm pretty satisfied with it so far! I'm now able to access my movie library at home and watch something while I work ;) Lima is so messy that even the week numbering scheme is screwed up. There is two week#3 updates in two different weeks. The week#4 is actually the #5. Hi all... Lets try and get LinusTechTips on YouTube to review the Lime / Plug in there new show called ...KICKFARTED...Have you been burned by a crappy crowd funded product? look it up ;-p I've yet to receive my Lima....I WANT MY MONEY BACK! @Steven, contact them directly thought their customer email, twitter and Facebook. You need to bug them a little till they release your refund. And remember, Windows phone and Linux were planned in Kickstarter campaign but never delivered. I found this to be the leading point to win. Gratz, Terry! Great news ....I got my refund from ....Cloud Guys Corporation ....today about time ...so i will leave you all now and hope this company/product and me never come in contact again i got my Full refund on PayPal...thanks Plug/Lima/CGC/Cloud Guys Corporation/meetlima.... This user's account has been deleted. Out of context, the Vine reviews are not all that scammy, but given the trajectory set by CGC to keep stringing along backers and customers while hiding damaging info makes it part of the larger scam known as Lima. @KC, indeed Vine customers are prone to give a good review, specially the ones that had "hand-holding" installations. But at the same point, if the Vine positive reviews are moderated down, they may loose the status of Vine customers. But on the positive side, if good reviews attract more customers to buy Limas, for sure they will leave negative reviews, and the whole house of cards built by CGC will fall apart pretty quick. @Niels, when my comments on the weekly update blog about not having a Linux version started to disappear I immediately requested a refund based on the principle that CGC did not complete the project. I suggest others do the same. @KC I think my reaction to the word "scam" was different from what you intended. I was unaware of the "hand holding". It certainly will affect things, but for me it doesn't quite cross the line into "scam" the way I usually use the word but I can see how others might feel differently. Most of the promised feature set are missing. All of them have been surpassed and long-deployed by competitive products with superior hardware specs. All Lima delivers is antique hardware and a lot of vapor. Still no linux client or ETA and it looks like comments about it, on "The weekly tech update #week4" are disappearing?? I did not say the Vine reviews are fake, I said that CGC is trying to pull their Amazon product rating up with them. Consider that: A) the product is a gift, and as Jerry notes, this does predisposition you towards a positive review, and B) The reviews mention hand-holding by CGC during install: -something a regular purchaser would not receive Together, these illustrate my point which is that CGC is trying to game the review system in a new way after having flooded it with fake review previously: <url>"CGC is desperate to pull that Amazon rating up, so now they are giving away Lima's in exchange for "honest" reviews." is not necessarily a scam tactic. I've got a bunch of stuff that way and most of my reviews are *far* from glowing. OT1H, one *is* a bit kindly disposed to the vendor, but OTOH people who agree to this will be putting in a lot of time to configure Lima. I expect that those with the technical skills to "sign on" will not be happy if Lima fails to perform as advertised. Also, these reviewers will be more likely to agree or disagree with whatever is already posted than invent a puff review out of whole cloth. FWIW, YMMV,... Latest Scam Tactic: Sponsored reviews on Amazon CGC is desperate to pull that Amazon rating up, so now they are giving away Lima's in exchange for "honest" reviews. This short-term thinking typifies their approach as any real sale that is made based on these dubious reviews is bound to generate an actual real review which are almost universally negative. It's amazing that they still expect to sell a product conceived in 2013 on already outdated hardware 3 years later. Tech moves WAY faster than this. Lima is DOA Just throwing this out there: I have a brand new set with me. completely untouched. Willing to post it out from Singapore FREE, as long as you cover the shipping costs. I cant stand to see it on my shelf mocking me. @dim3m lol ;-p @Creator, Any plans releasing Lima 2.0 hardware? Hi happy day after.......... 3 years I receive The lima........... Incredible I have still not received my device .... Yeah. Sad actually. If CGC had spent half the time or money they spent on deception on development instead, they might have done right by the backers. It's your classic spiral of telling lies to cover lies until there is nothing left @KC, They aren't. It is amusing, however. @BrianS -I did not realize that the fakeness of those reviews was ever in doubt. The day is here ...I posted mt Plugs/Limas back to France i will be getting a Refund by PayPal soon ...i was told I will let you know when it happens Thanks to all for advice on getting a refund ...it came down to the Linux support in mt case I had finally started to use my Lima after patiently waiting for the type of USB drive that I wanted. Installation was quite straight forward and smooth and just started to explore the Lima features :) Hi guys, I've got my two Lima's still sitting unopened in their boxes (one at work, one at home) waiting for three really important features (which I imagine are holding up lots of other users as well). I appreciate the work you've put into v1.0 but can you give us a realistic timeline for: (a) using drives with stuff already on them (the whole reason I purchased Lima rather than relying on a NAS) and, on that note, the ability to connect multiple drives using a USB hub. (b) the backup plan I'd love to be using these units, but I want to be able to just connect up a bunch of old external drives and access the stuff on them anywhere - I believe this was the original pitch. How far away are we from that vision?? I've just installed my Lima - waited couple of months for it to leave beta. But not happy yet - I expected it to blend into my life seamlessly - it doesn't: I use Mac, so my music is on iTunes library and photos on Photos app library. After moving my iTunes folder into Music folder on Lima drive, I though I'd be able to enjoy my music on the road using the iOS app but it's not the case since they don't support its format. Regarding Photo library - I'll give it a go soon, but I expect the same. I had to learn only when installing the device that I need an *empty* USB drive instead of reading it on a getting started guide. I have an annoying bug on device which keeps showing me it as offline - working with support team on that so I'm not worried about that. Hmmm..... <url>#LIMA thanks for ruining crowdfunding. Brian Salter: You have to contact customer service so that they can do it over the web. At least, that's the way it used to go. My Open Products OPI box is working nicely. <url>’ve got this product for couples of months, but I couldn’t use it successfully for a single times, it just kept me reset the whole process, even crash one HDD drive, and I kept in faith with you guys trying to contact you to reset my account. I don’t remember how many times software upgrades, it’s just waste my time to renew and have faith with this little device. Last week, finally you came up with the iOS APP, and it’s why I believe you deserve a last chance, but this morning I was frustrated again, it just stuck there even to upload a document. Please tell me when is the time I can really rely on this product, please don’t tell me again to reset my account again and again, I’ve been doing this over three times. You have my account (<email>), you know it. So you're "out of beta" but Lima still doesn't support Lima-to-Lima backup AS ADVERTISED IN THE KICKSTARTER. I'm done. I want a refund for both my Limas. Add my name to the list. I know this is probably old news, but the comments at the bottom of this page are hilarious: <url>"real" jobs. My advice to anyone who wants their deserved refund: reach out Lima devs and CEO's on their Twitter and Facebook accounts. Also use the Lima Feedback forum and the Amazon page to express your frustrations. Remember they promised Linux and Windows phone apps! It is in their Lima box shipped to the backers. This is the proof that they did not complete the project and never intended to! LIMA BUSINESS PLAN: 1. Write marketing description of fantasy product never to be built. 2. Draft "We are sorry, but we can't refund you..." form letter. 3. Snowboard Got this today... "Hi Terry, Thank you for your message and we do apologize dor reverting to you only now. Unfortunately, we're not able to refund a Lima that has already been shipped. We haven't offered refunds so far because the Kickstarter money was used to produce the Lima devices and finish helping the Lima product come to life. We couldn't take the risk of financially endangering the project by offering refunds. Note that giving this possibility is not a Kickstarter obligation unless project creators abandon the project or are unable to complete it - which is not our case. However, it has never been our goal to annoy you and keep your money for the sake of keeping it. That's why we are now offering refunds for people whose Limas haven't been shipped yet. On the other hand, we're willing to help as much as possible to help you install your Lima and restore your confidence. Please come to us if you need any help when installing or when using your Lima and we'll gladly help you. Thanks for your comprehension. Please feel free to get back to me if you need anything else. Best regards, Haingo for the Lima Team" As a Linux user i cant Fecking use this Lima/Plug...whats the point in having one See you all next year ...happy hangover ;-p Still waiting on my Refund Got this message yesterday: You received your Lima on September 2 but it doesn't look like you've installed it yet. We wanted to touch base with you to understand the reason why & see if there's anything we could help you with. Could you take just a second to answer this quick survey? _________________________________________________ Reason: Because I have hear nothing good about this product. And the fact that you can monitor my usage just confirms that I can not trust this device with my files! I hate this product so much that i smashed it to bits so i didnt have to look at it everyday and be reminded what a shit thing this is. Just plugged it in today. So far so good. Now only if USB 2.0 file transfer was faster :-) I just received my two Lima, and discovered that no Linux support its available. How can I get refund ? got mine, "worked" for a while. then was damaged somehow. sent it back. got a new one. after some hours and email exchange i was explained that the new one was damage also. now sending it back again.... <url>’s the linux coming along? and a real update .HERE...... Time frame to finish this project. ? When will this Beta finish ? Someone wants to buy another Lima, i'm selling mine? Just email me to <email> Greetings Kjell Je viens juste d'installer mon Lima, que j'avais reçu il y a un bon moment maintenant. Encore trop tôt pour me prononcer. is there a update ? not on your website ..but here for us the backers ? got my lima for 2 month but I had to wait the update for OSX El Capitan so now the installation is ok on my mac and my iPhone. But too much troubleshooting (disconnection, file transfert too slow, relay mode impossible to set P2P despite the support) I will wait until lima will be more stable I've got my Lima for 2 month but was unable to install it because of the OS X El Capitan Update. Yesterday I've installed it everything was OK on my Mac and my iPhone. I've got some troubleshooting trying to copy a 180Go folder (films) during the night and this morning I couldn't see anymore my Lima after unplugging lima and the HD and restarting the app I could see my lima again. Now it works but too slowly . Now it's already offline....... too much troubleshooting for me :(((((( Got my Lima yesterday. Workes perfectly. Connected it to my 2tb hdd, and started importing my pictures and videos. I don't really see how there's so much hate for it. One should always know that Kickstarter projects might take some time to receive.. Anyways.. I'm really enjoying it right now.. And I'm looking forward to the future with more robust updates etc. Looking forward for my 2tb Lima to replace my 15gb Google Drive... Got my unit and its really less a unit and more a bug factory, will this be the worlds longest Beta? Your developers might as well stop, most hard drives now come with this functionality. Another Kickstarter Bust ... @PierJ merci pour ta proposition. Je prend avec plaisir tes 2 lima et peux venir les chercher dans Paris. Kickstarter n'ayant pas de MP sauf avec les créateur du projet tu peux me contacter directement par email pour convenir d'un rendez vous: zolphe at gmail dot com Merci d'avance et à bientôt. I want a refund. Pls advise. Like most I've been waiting and haven't received anything... Please advise as too how to get my products. The headphones rock !best KS ever :-) Lima never worked. Given up on this. Bonjour, j'ai deux boites Lima que je donne Paris 75014, je ne vais rien en faire, aucun amis geek ne veux jouer avec un produit dépassé techniquement, et je tiens trop aux données de mes amis non geek pour leur offrir ce produit symbole la malhonnêteté ! Au comment ruiner une bonne idée par son incompétence. Bref, je donne ces deux Lima, contacter moi par MP Well, after much ado, I finally put my device in the trash can. I've tried to get rid of the thing a couple of times before, but always kept it back in the hopes that I could do something with it. It sits there, looking at me forlornly, but it knows as well as I do that it can never fulfill it's promises to me. Out of the three cloud devices I've tried to get/back: 1 delivered but really doesn't do what was promised in the campaign. 1 is tied up in legal problems between the creator and a former programmer who lied about his/her availability to work for other companies. 1 is sitting on my network rack, working happily. I guess since i can't get the boot parameters to restore the Lima, and there's no chance of a recovery image in sight, it's time for me to go. I leave you with my review on Amazon. In fact reading the comments refund please Hi received nothing? Can i get an update or a refund please I am still waiting here! I 100% agree with KC. I hope you and yours are safe and well tonight, regardless of the product. This is a humanity thing, and for this rough time I completely lay aside my frustrations and sincerely wish you well. Despite my dislike for how you have run this project, I hope everyone at CGC is OK there in Paris tonight. Todd is not silly for examining the litany of deceits CGC has visited upon backers and concluding you are scammers. Silly scammers. Why are they still carrying on? This is the longest I've ever seen a scam continue to roll after being thoroughly debunked. Besides Saygus V2 I guess. 50. hans wurst --> i got a full refund (well, minus 6,11 us$ paypal-fees) The first one Lima bricked and sent to return. I got the my second Lima today and working fine! Loved! Just set-up my Lima. All went well. Very easy to get going right out of the box. Great investment and experience. i didn't recive mine!! where is it? thanks!! he is a few of the 5 star reviews on amazon....seams a bit fishy <url>"reviews" are being posted to bring up the rating score. You may no longer care about this campaign, but if you care about FRESH people being duped, you should go to Amazon and post an honest review of your own. Just click here: <url>… and then pick 1 through 5 stars and add your comments. You don't have to have bought a Lima to review it, but you do have to have a free Amazon account that has made at least one purchase. This is one of the few Kickstarter projects I truly regret backing, even though I eventually received the item. I can accept that it didn't work 100% out of the box, and I can accept that with a new product. Being fed irrelevant boilerplate from incompetent customer service reps, however, is NOT acceptable. Wait a minute, my email says ver 1.0.1 not 0.13. Sill having issues with release numbers? Well, the most successful thing I have done with this turd is take it apart. Hmm, I just had a brilliant idea, hardware baseball or range fodder, Slugger or Glock?! I am not getting my money back so might as well have some fun. I can't even wipe my butt with it like they are with our money. It's been nearly two years since I backed this project and I haven't received anything. I want an immediate and full refund. Please contact me to get this done. John Gee 11-7-2015 Just got my 2 Limas... looking sharp and works like a magic... It was worth the waiting... my first Kickstarter project that actually delivers. Hang on to your OS, El Capitan... @Jack, it's a trap, ask for a refund while you can. I haven't got my Lima in the mail yet but they are in stock on amazon? The thing is - even if it was "released" for your particular OS, speaking from experience, it's a pile of rubbish still. You are more than likely going to regret installing it, and without doubt will find out how slow it is. And heaven forbid you have an issue arise (very high odds of it, btw), because the files are torn apart into their proprietary bits and will be unusable. Follow the advice of the software in one thing, and don't use this as a backup. It's like putting your only copies of your precious family album inside a grinder and just hoping that you can piece it back together again. I've been told the same thing about the Linux client a month ago. Luckily I got a refund. From what I've learnt about Lima, for every new version of an OS you will endure long months without a working Lima. And if the OS is Linux, forget it. CGC has taken the worst path to make a NAS device, relying on the client to do most of the heavy work. While most NAS devices are only a gateway to a hard drive, Lima stores your files in a proprietary database, and the indexing and other heavy works are done by the clients! With such large variety of clients nowadays (Android, iOS, OSx, Windows, Linux, BSD's and their respective platforms), it's very easy to know why this project doomed. @Frederic - El Capitan support has been "several weeks away" for several months now. Don't hold your breath. I finally received my Lima... after paying half his price for taxes, because Lima wrote a 149$ value on the package, for something I've paid 69$... and the most beautiful: IT DOESN'T WORK AT ALL! No compatibility with Mac OS X El Capitain! How serious could be a cloud and backup device, when we need to waits an update several weeks after a new Mac OS X version? Hey, Lima: do you know that you can freely access to the Mac OS X beta since several months to be ready for the lunch? This expensive piece of shit will go to the trash. To anyone wishing to make a report to Amazon: Please note in your report the unusually short length of the questionable reviews, the lack of names on the reviews, and the unusually large number of reviewers that have 1 (or a small number in a short time) review(s) to their name. You may also note the lack of a verified Amazon purchase tag, but that carries less weight than normal, as the product was available through another channel before hitting Amazon.com. As always, be polite, don't make up sh*t that you can't substantiate, and don't allow any personal feelings to come into play. Simply point out that what you've observed is odd. Here is the email address to report fraudulent reviews directly to Amazon: review-abuse-appeals-transfer @ amazon . com That's been going on for the last two weeks. five new 5* reviews today, one is 2 words long, three are 1 word long.... Kickstarter backers should be aware that there is a concerted shilling campaign going on over at Amazon with fake "reviews" are being posted to bring up the rating score. You may no longer care about this campaign, but if you care about FRESH people being duped, you should go to Amazon and post an honest review of your own. Just click here: <url>… and then pick 1 through 5 stars and add your comments. You don't have to have bought a Lima to review it, but you do have to have a free Amazon account that has made at least one purchase. @Peter, Lima is compatible with piles of paper sizes Letter or A4 regular weight with very low wind conditions. I backed Pressy too. :) Yep, this project and a cheaper (but stupid) one called Pressy are now reasons I won't back tech on kick starter anymore. As the years go by, the list I'll support will get even less because I will only support publishers I trust (like Larian studios) because of a good track record. On Kickstarter, even when they fail (like this project), they act like they did great, and I can't throw money at it anymore. Well, I could... But I won't. I agree with KC about KS support and credibilty - I only support boardgames, books, I let down technology and videogames Bonjour, Toujours pas reçu mon Lima ni les trois autres commandés... Relancé plusieurs fois par mail avec les adresses et numéro de téléphone. I still haven't received my lima yet too :/ Lima is more compatible with converting excess mass in your wallet into bloat on your harddrive. Is lima compatible with the new google onhub router? Kickstarter backers should be aware that there is a concerted shilling campaign going on over at Amazon.Fake "reviews" are being posted to bring up the rating score. You may no longer care about this campaign, but if you care about FRESH people being duped, you should go to Amazon and post an honest review of your own. Just click here: <url>… and then pick 1 through 5 stars. You don't have to have bought anything to review it, just have a free Amazon account. I still haven't received my lima yet I then replied with I will take a refund so you can sell two black limas, they told me they don't offer KS refunds....guess I will be going to amazon to give a review. So I sent an email to lima...telling them i have 2 unopened black limas. They replied with, we don't have any more of those colors... LOL KS has chosen their short term skim over the long-term viability of protecting the backers. Because of projects like Lima, I also do not back any projects or products here other than board games from publishers I know. As with everything, the bad apples ruin it for the rest of us. Companies like CGC look at KS like an low-responsibility cash dispenser, and the responsible project creators suffer for it through the degradation of the site. KS should realize that we are the ones making their site profitable. And if bad business and scammers like CGC take KS, we will be very unlikely to back anything here again. I'm already more careful and unwilling to back many projects here. Makes sense. CGC reported me to KS for using Sev's photo on my profile; claimed I was "impersonating the creator" despite my name being CGC-ScamVictim. So lame. @KC, I'm 100% sure. The only comments that I posted during that time that had links was the refund list. @dim3m - Are you sure it wasn't for posting links to Owncloud or some other (non KS) product? @Corey, Yes, my account was suspended for a couple of days because of that. Kickstarter does even not bother to inform specifics to which I am accused for. Does not even bother to give me a chance to dispute the issue. I did not bother to contact kickstarter and waste more time on the issue. So for those re-posting the refund list. Maybe remove all links to avoid any suspension. I can't be bothered doing it as I have other kickstarter projects that are more honest and need of support. @Dim3m - They claim you were promoting another project or service? Do they not know how to read? I know CGC is the one whining about it, but I know how to get back at them. I will guarantee several more bad reviews on Amazon. People that I saved from the issue of owning it. I will start calling in the favors. They want to keep screwing around with the people they already scammed, I will gladly bring this back and it will be worse for them that they did. As to the CGC team... I asked for a refund. Twice. It was denied. Your product is slow, doesn't do what you said it would do, makes my hard drive constantly overheat, literally cannot be used as a backup, and it requires the use of twice the total space (or more, even after your latest change) than I want to give it for it to do its job. You lied during your updates, it requires a poor 3rd party integration with a company I don't trust. It's not flexible, it does less than my router, and you missed your goals by about 90%. Those are my reasons. Want me to post that to support? So, talk if you want to refund, but beyond that, you know every word of what I wrote is true and you have to deal with the repercussions. @CGC, you guys are just as*holes I got an email from kickstarter a couple of weeks ago. Because I posted the list of people requesting refund. "We're writing because we noticed you posted unsolicited content to promote another project or service. This kind of activity is against our Community Guidelines and it is not permitted. We take our guidelines very seriously; please take a minute to read through them." I've also written my review some time ago, and updated as I had even more experience with the product. I think the next step is to counter the fake reviews with extras that are at least accurate. I'm not satisfied that I've only stopped around 1k in sales so far. To me, they need to go completely under, drop this charade, and then get a job where someone can manage them and hopefully make them into something useful in the tech industry. Or not in the tech industry. I'm not picky. @KC, they got already 2.8 stars. I did my part, I hope others do as well. I also visit their Amazon page often in order to rate the reviews accordingly. Kickstarter backers should be aware that there is a concerted shilling campaign going on over at Amazon.Fake "reviews" are being posted to bring up the 2.5 rating score. You may no longer care about this campaign, but if you care about FRESH people being duped, you should go to Amazon and post an honest review of your own. Just click here: <url>… and then pick 1 through 5 stars. You don't have to have bought anything to review it, just have a free Amazon account. Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow" 121 David Batu (Refund declined since passed 15 days from delivery date and kickstarter comments section is not the "correct" media for asking refund) 120 Joseph Finlayson. I got the refund because Lima does not have a Linux client (contrary to what was advertised in the campaign). 119 Luis Perles. I got the refund stating that Lima never worked as intended on Android and does not have a Linux client (contrary to what was advertised in the campaign). 118. Faamaoni. Never received a Lima. May I please have a refund. 117. Jeff Mottle (CGarchitect). Unit can not even install and gives errors and no one replies to support tickets. 116. Darryl (Refund Policy in the Q&A on backershub has no details. I went on to choose colour - could not. Then items delivered as I thought there was a stage two. Now refusing return and refund. 115. AnnMarie Johnson (req'd refund via KS messaging; told they wouldn't refund delivered products) 113. Gift of Gab( multiple emails send requesting a refund, but all were denied) 112. Michael DaSilva (Was offered refund, but box has to be unopened and you have to front shipping costs to France.) 111. KDB 110. leomaier 109. Albert Chung 108. C Schroeter 107. Richard A 106. Rasmus Andersen 105. Jakamoto 104. Ibon Azkoitia (<url>ébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>"reviews" to bring up the 2.5 rating score. You may no longer care about this campaign, but if you care about FRESH people being duped, you should go to Amazon and post an honest review of your own. Just click here: <url>… and then pick 1 through 5 stars. You don't have to have bought anything to review it, just have a free Amazon account. Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow" 120 Joseph Finlayson. I got the refund because Lima does not have a Linux client (contrary to what was advertised in the campaign). 119 Luis Perles. I got the refund stating that Lima never worked as intended on Android and does not have a Linux client (contrary to what was advertised in the campaign). 118. Faamaoni. Never received a Lima. May I please have a refund. 117. Jeff Mottle (CGarchitect). Unit can not even install and gives errors and no one replies to support tickets. 116. Darryl (Refund Policy in the Q&A on backershub has no details. I went on to choose colour - could not. Then items delivered as I thought there was a stage two. Now refusing return and refund. 115. AnnMarie Johnson (req'd refund via KS messaging; told they wouldn't refund delivered products) 113. Gift of Gab( multiple emails send requesting a refund, but all were denied) 112. Michael DaSilva (Was offered refund, but box has to be unopened and you have to front shipping costs to France.) 111. KDB 110. leomaier 109. Albert Chung 108. C Schroeter 107. Richard A 106. Rasmus Andersen 105. Jakamoto 104. Ibon Azkoitia (<url>ébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>"reviews" to bring up the 2.5 rating score. You may no longer care about this campaign, but if you care about FRESH people being duped, you should go to Amazon and post an honest review of your own. Just click here: <url>"reaping what you sow" 119 Luis Perles. I got the refund stating that Lima never worked as intended on Android and does not have a Linux client (contrary to what was advertised in the campaign). 118. Faamaoni. Never received a Lima. May I please have a refund. 117. Jeff Mottle (CGarchitect). Unit can not even install and gives errors and no one replies to support tickets. 116. Darryl (Refund Policy in the Q&A on backershub has no details. I went on to choose colour - could not. Then items delivered as I thought there was a stage two. Now refusing return and refund. 115. AnnMarie Johnson (req'd refund via KS messaging; told they wouldn't refund delivered products) 113. Gift of Gab( multiple emails send requesting a refund, but all were denied) 112. Michael DaSilva (Was offered refund, but box has to be unopened and you have to front shipping costs to France.) 111. KDB 110. leomaier 109. Albert Chung 108. C Schroeter 107. Richard A 106. Rasmus Andersen 105. Jakamoto 104. Ibon Azkoitia (<url>ébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>"There was a problem with Lima" box showed up after installing, re-copying all the files and rebooting. It’s the n-100th time Lima has been some sort of unsatisfactory. I still haven’t worn my Proud Lima Backer t-shirt that I got a few months ago because the product doesn’t make me proud. The only thing that’s been great so far is the unboxing experience which is very Apple-esque and cool. I have faith that this will be good when I don’t have to rent space from somewhere else, but in the meantime I’m just going to use Box because it works and has worked on every Mac, Windows machine, iPhone, and Droid phone I’ve ever tried it on. Please do let me know when Lima is reasonably competitive and offers its promised advantages. @Brian. I think if you take a $h!t in the Lima box. It will be worth more than actual device. CGC might even try to sell it on Amazon. @ Did you forget these??? Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow" 118. Faamaoni. Never received a Lima. May I please have a refund. 117. Jeff Mottle (CGarchitect). Unit can not even install and gives errors and no one replies to support tickets. 116. Darryl (Refund Policy in the Q&A on backershub has no details. I went on to choose colour - could not. Then items delivered as I thought there was a stage two. Now refusing return and refund. 115. AnnMarie Johnson (req'd refund via KS messaging; told they wouldn't refund delivered products) 113. Gift of Gab( multiple emails send requesting a refund, but all were denied) 112. Michael DaSilva (Was offered refund, but box has to be unopened and you have to front shipping costs to France.) 111. KDB 110. leomaier 109. Albert Chung 108. C Schroeter 107. Richard A 106. Rasmus Andersen 105. Jakamoto 104. Ibon Azkoitia (<url>ébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>"Typically replies within an hour". Much longer than an hour and no response. At this point I have a dead Lima device. @charles-etienne jamme That's great they gave you a refund and a Lima to keep. What steps did you take to get a refund? Hi @CGC team, no one apparently in my Facebook friend like to buy my device, if you refund my money, I will gladly send back your device. I got my refund via Paypal. But Support didn t give me an address to ship the Lima back, for now. @BrianS, you could always take a dump on it and light that on fire. I got my refund, thanks. I finally moved all my stuff out of Lima. First I tried to just read hard drive I had attached to Lima. Like I do with Pogoplug but ... I couldn't! Because my files were spread through out several folders, and the extension removed and names changed. Pretty much like your internet browser does. I should have paid more attention about this issue when I first read about it. I urge you guys who are still using Lima to double check it. I should have paid more attention about this issue when I first read about it. And even if you like you Lima beware, if your Lima dies you are very likely to never recover your files on your own, even though you have them safely stored in your personal hard drive! It's a trap, run! I still haven't received my order. Are you still shipping them? @dim3m, I don't know...gasoline is kind of expensive... I just want to add my kudos on Lima... it has saved me tons of time. I'll admit, I'm obviously not needing it as a tech guru, however, with my older Mac that doesn't have icloud for photos, the fact that mine are automatically uploaded to Lima is HUGE. And, not worrying about whether I copied that particular file to the laptop when I leave home (that inevitably I need...) -- I just copy files over to Lima that I can use from any of my computers. I'm sensing many of you are upset with the product, but from what I'm seeing, it's going to be much better than dropbox in not having to worry about quota. I love it! @Joseph Finlayson what steps did you take to get a refund? @BrianS If you could douse that with gasoline and set it on fire. And post a video on youtube. I think you'll get your money's worth. Plus if anyone asks what a Lima is....we can direct them to that video. Thanks @Luis, No problem. If anyone else wants it, let me know. I'm not sure when I'll take this batch of electronics to the recyclers, it may be a while. I just removed my Lima from my android phone and to my surprise it had 2.29GB of data in the SD card of 4GB! OK, it's and old SD card, I should have gotten a bigger one but that's pretty much the same amount of data I had in my shared drive in Lima! Come on Shady Guys, if I wanted to carry all my pictures with me I would've load them by my self using a USB cable. Yes, and the email says it will not refund the device. I tired of you guys procrastinating. You Cloudy Guys pay your employees to write fake reviews of Lima on Amazon giving 5 stars. I demand my refund based on the facts that a) Linux is not available and when available won't work b) Android is out there for months if not years and does not synchronize files at all. @Luis - I've honestly considered creating fake accounts simply to counter their fake ones, but I didn't want to be just like them. Course, even if we did it, we wouldn't be like them because at least the fake accounts would be spreading actual and valuable information. I've been keeping a tally of those that I've 100% for sure stopped from making a mistake of believing them. So far, at current rate, it's about a thousand bucks in sales. Hopefully way more that I don't know about. The only bad thing about doing that is that I am inadvertently stopping a lot of negative reviews had I let them make the purchase and then have them rate it accurately (which is to say, 1 star). @CGC can I have a refund like you gave to Joseph Finlayson? I didn't get a device. Thank you. It is amazing that a Kickstarter company just steals 1.2 million dollars and get away with it. They are also in the Amazon's launchpad. Their Lima is rated as 2.7 stars just because of fake customers that gave 5 stars to their product. @BrianS, Thanks for the offer but I have enough junk sitting around. I am currently trying to return my Lima and get a refund. Finally received mine a couple of weeks ago. I refuse to use it as I've had a bad feeling about this product for some time since backing it. It is now a lovely $80 paper weight. Disregard the last post... Can you send me the link again for the latest software? I finally set up my Lima and the website showed it was beta version... (?) I asked for a refund and got it. Oddly though, they still sent me a device ? @CGC Team - your email hit my junk folder. I have replied to the email providing my full postal address for delivery. Please confirm you have received it and when I will receive the product I backed over 2 years ago!? Welcome to Lima, @Brian! I installed Lima, it works just for a day then lost connection forever. Lima support only sent CAN instruction that I can find from FAQ. I asked for RMA then they stopped replying me. So disappointed!!! @Luis, Getting the bootloader parameters involves opening the case and soldering a terminal strip into the PCB so you can access the serial console via a TTL-USB converter. In the serial console you issue the command 'showconfig' and it dumps the parameters. I wasn't really trying to do anything with the device other than poke around inside. I issued a command I didn't understand and it wiped everything. But, to be honest, the Lima unit doesn't do anything I bought it for, so I'm not really concerned with it. I was interested in getting the parameters mostly so I could sell the thing for a few bucks. If you want it, it's yours for the postage cost, otherwise it's still sitting in the electronics recycle bin at work (since I'm the one who usually takes care of disposal, it will sit there a while.) @BrianS, thanks for the OPI tip. I could get the boot params from Lima if you show me how to get it. I'm also interested in get a custom Linux for it. What are you trying to with Lima? Install smoother than silk with this version. Up n running. Now to take it for a spin I've given up on trying to get the Lima to install on my MacBook Air for now. It crashed and crashed and crashed. The media never uploaded fully. Tech support isn't helpful. This product really is a beta. I've uninstalled it completely and am waiting for a stable product. Received mine today. Really smooth installation. Was not following the software update history and was kind of disappointed there is no iphone app available. Works fine on windows laptops, gonna test on iMac soon. Is there any estimate date on ipad-iphone app release? "We’ve worked a new way to upload photos from your smartphone to your Lima by using your computer as a proxy." ::twitch:: I still have not got my products yet. I filled out an email you guys sent out awhile ago. @KC, According to Synology's page on the device, it appears to have only Download Station and Media Server available as of now. Although the page is a little confusing, because "DNS Server" is also in the Package Center section. If you have to download and install that, it's not a very good consumer router. @Corey, If you have any other questions about the OPI box, let me know. The only other thing I can think of right now that may interest you is that while it does speak HTTPS, the certificate is self-signed, so browsers complain. I've just never been impressed with AIO routers, and exposing services on my gatekeeper makes me a bit uneasy. No problem opening ports, that needs to happen to get services, but I'd rather those services ran somewhere else. My main unit is a MikroTik RB2011U, which I think was $109. I had to learn a new language to use it, but it's easily the most powerful router I've ever owned. It does nothing but route, everything else from wireless to switching is handled by dedicated devices. As for Lima, I can't even use it. I wiped the bootloader parameters, and no one seems to have them. Oh well. @KC While I can't say for certain if all of that stuff will be enabled (on the synology router,) without it it's just another high-priced router box with not a lot of consumer brand recognition. If it's just a true port of DSM5+, it's got a lot of media features that can no longer be disabled by killing the service at startup. I'm still on DSM4.3 for just that reason, my boxes serve. They don't need to index. The first time one of those indexers goes full tits-up and eats all of the CPU for a week, ala Photo Station and it's ability to do just that, or port 5000 gets hammered and your box pwned because you left the control port open for Audio Station - well, that's going to be interesting. @BrianS Thanks tons for that review - you answered questions I thought of later but didn't end up posting because I didn't figure anyone had it yet. As to the router+NAS, I have to say I absolutely adore it. I have phone/tablet apps that sync with it very seamlessly, I stream gaming across it and have generally 8 to 12 devices attached at once. It has a drive dedicated to being my DLNA server, and then the drive that I bought for the LIMA to try it out (and then found it so painfully inadequate) I ended up using on the router as part of its backup process and integrated with my laptop and a couple mobile devices. The device I'm using is the Nighthawk X6, an admittedly pricey router, but I have zero regrets. Also, it's been about 10 years since I've actually worked with a linux box at all, so I'm not really up to speed enough to mess around with using the Rasberry Pi I saw listed below, even though I do find that to be another better alternative to the LIMA. Thanks again for the post, though, cause that was very helpful! @Brian -My post was not a recommendation so much as a refutation of the oft-repeated "Lima is innovative" nonsense used to prop up its image. I don't have one of these routers, but I do have and use Syno boxes too. I would be surprised if anything is turned on by default other than basic routing, and plugging a USB harddrive in to a router for a private cloud has been semi-standard in retail devices for a few years. Syno would just be adding the DLNA, cloud station and other Lima-like functions for those that want to turn them on. Besides, what is the functional difference between running a router like this with everything turned on and a UPnP router like Lima requires? @KC Having all of the trappings of a Synology NAS box crammed into a router is kind of scary. I love Syno boxes, and have a bunch, but there's just too much going on there. My router doesn't need to have Download Station, Photo Station, Music Station, DLNA serving, and all of the other cruft in DSM>4 running in additiion to doing the duty of rejecting all the crap from the real world and routing lots of data. Synology has essentially taken their NAS OS, removed the built-in drive capability, added wireless, and called it a day. DSM already routes and firewalls if you like, it's simply part of Linux. While I appreciate what they are doing (consumer box,) it scares me to have all that crap running when all it needs to do it route. tl;dr; Routers should route. NASes should NAS. Never the twain should meet. @Corey Schroeter I purchased one a few weeks ago. It's essentially an encrypted OwnCloud box with a Roundcube mail instance. It's not a dumptruck device like Lima - it has a single uSD card to store it's data. I look at it as more of a way I can keep some important files for mobile use, as well as send others decently large files without a third party in the middle. It's small, has status LEDs, and will operate from an old mini USB phone charger of 500-700mA, or will plug into the USB port of a router to get it's power. I've used it's "send others a file" with no issues. The nice thing about running OwnCloud and Roundcube is the protocols are all standard. You can use any OwnCloud client, from OPI's offerings, the official client, a web interface, or pretty much any third party cloud client that supports the OwnCloud protocol. Similarly, the mail is simply SMTP/IMAP/POP and the calendar/contacts is *DAV. All wrapped in a nice, encrypted package that locks itself if power is removed. Performance? OwnCloud is a power hungry monster. It's acceptable on this box, but it's not a speed demon. If you've used OwnCloud before on smaller hardware, you'll know what I mean. I think OPI has done a great job cramming it into a low power CPU. It's good, just don't expect a octal-core i7 with 32GB of RAM. Caveats: The box relies on OPI backend to generate the initial key. While OPI doesn't have a plan in case of company failure, their responsiveness to my questions leads me to believe they will implement something if need be. Also, the device does need some ports open to operate, and will attempt that via uPnP (ugh) but doesn't seem to press the issue if not available. I opened the ports manually. The website details the box fairly well. It does require a little bit of knowledge on your end to make it work efficiently, but it's a great little product. Not a speed demon by any means but it does the job. <url>~ Per the company's instructions, I was able to return two devices that I pre-orderd (not through Kickstarter - I still have my Kickstarter device). The company received my two devices, but because the credit card I used was so old, the bank wasn't able to locate the account so the bank refunded the money back to CGC Team. I sent a written letter from the bank with confirmation to the CGC team, and I'm awaiting my $150 check in return. Have not received! CGC Team, I just sent you another e-mail. Please send me my refund check. THANK YOU! Since it's not working, my device is in the electronics recycle bin at work. I guess I'm done here. CS team are trying to be helpful but my limas worked very briefly for a test with a USB stick and then couldn't apparently be reset to use another disk (Sigh) I will also wait for prod software .. Seems to be working well so far... Such a cool concept... Really hope it keeps living up to expectations :) 1 semaine. Toujours pas de contact. Lima no funciona. Es un fracaso Got my Pioneer kit yesterday and plugged it in. works great so far! didn't migrate everything just yet but it's a great start! keep on the good work CGC! Doesn't matter, he's a ninny. A better term. (libel) @Rick Perez, I'd be kind of careful about going around to other projects and badmouthing people. Regardless of the veracity of your statements, that could be construed as slander. I simply can't get the device to work. It has been uploading 12 GB of files for a couple of weeks. Every time I run it, it crashes. I sent an email to the team. I got one response, sent multiple crash reports and have heard nothing back. Aside from that, I have gotten a small amount uploaded. The interface is clunky. I'm not really sure I will have a use for it. I'm going to unininstall it and wait to see if it ever works and if I ever have a use for it. This is very disappointing. @Rick Perez - Here are the facts: I have backed 28 projects on KS. I have had problems with 3 of them: (Lima, WrapWallet & Visionaire Pen). Lima's abject failure is not news to anyone here. The WrapWallet project was a total shitshow with some still not having received their product against a 12/2013 ETA (sound familiar?,) and the Visionaire product was a scam where the creator sold $1.89 mass-produced Chinese fountain pens for $50. Of the other 25 campaigns I have either posted positive comments, or none at all. So, like most of the project cheerleaders, you are either an astroturfing shill, or the person PT Barnum warned us about. I challenge you to explicitly point to something about this company, product, or campaign that is a "success" to offset the many explicitly pointed out failures I have provided. The fact is that this KS campaign is a failure, and this campaign highlights the failures KS has as a platform in terms of accountability to backers. Go ahead and try to get me removed; its exactly what mature people do when they don't want to hear the truth. If KS denies, you, try sticking your fingers in your ears and going "LaLaLaLa" -works the same way. Please, enjoy a consuming a bag of male genitalia while you are at it. KC hasn't said anything false here, @Rick. In fact, based solely on what is available from here, her's literally spoken more truth than you have. Your message is borderline fraudulent, seeing as I also have the device and found it less than useless. I figure you aren't an idiot - so I'm assuming you are associated with the developers in some way. Either way, KC has kept his name like this for a long time because we've been ripped off for a long time. I'm glad he is here. Since they denied my request for a refund a long time ago, I've decided that (like KC), I'll make sure this company is known for what it actually is. That's why I've spread the proper word in Caterpillar IT and security, at two other consultancies, in amazon reviews, and in emails, text messages, and any forum in which tech is of interest. Them lying about where their product was when they made this project and then refusing to refund has cost them at least a thousand bucks from the people that i knew that were interested that I shooed away. Should have just given my 79 bucks back and they could have avoided all that. That's what you get when you start on a lie and perpetuate it, I guess. One last call here. Lima is setting in the 'Take it to Goodwill box.' Can anyone provide me with the bootloader parameters so I can at least get this gadget running again and give it to someone who may be able to use it? I need BIFFBOOT > showconfig @Rick Perez, While I wil agree that KC is a very outspoken backer, that in no way discounts most of what he says being true: This device didn't deliver (after 4 years of dev work) a lot of what was promised in the campaign. I have no idea why those promises didn't get fulfilled. Perhaps CGC bit off more than they could chew. Perhaps what they want to do simply isn't possible with such old, limited hardware. Perhaps I'm not really a half eagle-half-lion creature who can somehow use a computer keyboard. Who knows? It probably would have been better to promise a simple device-to-device secure transfer system with other features coming later. But hindsight, yadda yadda... Regardless of how you feel about backers being fraudulent, or how other backers feel about the campaign being fraudulent, things simply don't do what we were told they would do. That's all. KC simply chooses to express that as loudly as possible, and if that's not acceptable to you then the door is right over there. It's open, you're free to leave anytime you wish, but you're more than welcome to come back as well. What is the current status of the project and software? I was in the Beta and checking the beta forum there has been one post since my question in Sept? I tried it again and really wonder when it will meet up with the promises of the kickstarter. Devices don't sync properly, software keeps HUGE database and takes up tons of space on the local machine even without files set to sync, and access is slow and sketchy. Supposed to have a Peer ability, but all I ever get is Relay which means slower connections even at my house. Haven't heard or seen anything about the backup functionality that was the whole reason I purchased more then one. Apps are half finished and really need a UI designer to look them over and figure out how the flow of the app should work. Still have no confidence that the product will work and using Dropbox or Google Drive to sync files. Kc (goatcgc) is a fraud so everyone knows. This person has been a hassle to every Kickstarter this person has engaged in. Do not believe this person and I am trying to have this person removed from this great Kickstarter company! Great product and works very well for me! Cheer up everyone , if you have a problem email the Lima team as I have and you will be satisfied. Wow, I forgot I backed this project it's been that long. Hooked it all up and was completely stunned at the total lack of functionality and stability. I guess I'll unplug it and wait for the software to be out of beta :( "beta" is pretty generous here... July 10, 2013 Project launched September 8, 2013 Successfully raised $1,229,074 USD with 12,840 backers Estimated delivery: Dec 2013 Estimated delivery: Jan 2014 Estimated delivery: Apr 2014 Received mine ; July 2015....(still in the box/not used) from the campaign page "We started it with the dream to make hard drives as easy to use as they should have been for the past 20 years. After 2 years of development, from hardware to software to web apps, we are nearly ready to launch a product we really think you’ll love. " October 2015 still in Beta Hello, I haven't received anything yet, please update Lot's of excitement - starting to use Lima! Lima set up in < 10 min and the UI is very slick. The CGC team did an outstanding job on this Kickstarter! The truth has never been CGC's friend... <url>#scam <url>"Week 39" nomenclature on the MeetLima blog hilarious? Don't you think that "Week 91" (the original KS ETA) or even "Week 195" (the total amount of time you claim to have been vaporcrafting Lima) to be more a meaningful description of this shitshow? @Jerry Dallal "Even better, say you're wanting to watch a video on your mobile device, the hardware actually transcodes it to your device's optimism size like magic." LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL <url>"what he's describing is not possible with the current product." Anyone having not received his Lima - I can help - don t complain and I can ship you my Lima for 70 EUR ... My worst kickstarter - out of 28 ... It lays not opened at home... Hi I still not received my Lima . Plz update It looks like CGC is stepping up their Amazon review game. 4 5-star reviews in one day, and on the weekend too. If you're unsatisfied with your Lima, head to Amazon and write a review so others aren't suckered into buying one: <url>"wanna be" apple. Also, Amazon rating is down to a mere 2 stars. This is what you get for treating your backers like shit for 3 years. @CGC - I wish you would have been truthful about your horrible product. It's cool though, I got my money back, as did many others, and it won't be long before your product is in one of those giant bargain bins at Walmart. Lima and CGC are a joke. Toujours pas reçu d'email, toujours pas reçu de LIMA. Fin de l'histoire. Je vous laisse 5 jours pour le remboursement intégral de l'appareil. Well, I've actually tried it now... and honestly, it sucks. It's PAINFULLY slow, and the current "non unification" silliness makes it absolutely useless. If it were a competitor with something like dropbox, that would be awesome, but it doesn't even come close. I can't even use it for the one minor thing I was willing to trust it for - having it sync my mom's photos directly to it. Nope, not unless I let it store those same abundant photos on my hard drive. No, that was the whole point - I want to be able to choose files that appear to be "on the cloud" unless I wanted them locally. The way it is is honestly worthless. At least, though, it was able to be seen on the network. I don't know why I keep hitting myself in the head to mess with this. It's not like I've had anything other than regret since a few months after backing this thing. *sigh* Once Casey or one of the others finds something more useful to put onto the hardware, I'll give this a shot again. I really did give it a shot, darn it. Even bought a bay and drive to give it a "fair chance", since it seemed to me the support lately got better than they were (and they have, actually, so that's good). Same here. Received the refund pretty fast. However, since they payed via paypal, there is a fee of 6.11 USD. Still better than nothing, I guess... I received a refund to my PayPal account immediately after contacting their helpdesk. I would suggest anyone who wants a refund to do the same: team[AT]meetlima.com Juste une question ça sert a quoi votre truc, je l'ai acheté visiblement en 2013, et nous sommes en 2015, je comprends pas trop ce que c'est ? Une sorte de NAS en USB2 et 100mb/s ? Je sais pas j'ai un NAS synology de 10TO RAID 5 dupliqué dans le cloud sur Hubic, alors ça devrait me servir a quoi votre truc ? @Casey Allen, Any chance you could dump the showconfig parameters in BIFFBOOT for me? "@HotMayoSandwich I wish you had actually tried the Lima device before judging it." @CGC wow, bold statement coming from a company that cannot seem to get software up and running after tell us they were switching to C, but are still using Python....cute. How about you go over to Amazon right away and start trying to post against some of the stuff...but that would be lying on your part and your product is actually sitting quite nicely holding down some papers at the moment before I recycle it into a more excitable device with third party software. Hope your still rolling in your con-money. As this mail is not even answered here it comes publicly - I am 24 in the list of refund requests published below. Hello , I received my Lima as beta a long time ago and it stays on my entrance radiator for all my friends to see this product failure. As Cthulhu wars backer I compare and explain the campaigns to them. As Linux user haven t even installed it , I feel cheated. My girlfriend peeled because she thought it was a nice box from Apple. I congratulate you on the design .... Please send me a refund I can ship the box back @Ian R, I accidentally wiped the bootloader parameters, so it no longer boots into the Lima software. Right now, all you can do with it is get a serial console in the BIFFBOOT portion of the firmware. CGC seems unwilling to provide a reflash tool or the parameters needed to restore the bootloader. I really have no idea what to do with it, as a Raspberry Pi offers a lot more power with a lot less pain. You'd need to restore it to some useful operating system before doing anything with it. Given the awful experiences I read about, along with the delays, I would prefer a refund :( @Brian S I'm a recent "refund received" backer. just curious what you can do with a hacked LIMA? is it more useful than it was before hacking? Postage would be to the u.s. west coast. This user's account has been deleted. Crikey shame apple just made storage cheap as shit. Forgot this was still going, left Kickstarter! Too funny!! Guess not. Last call for a hacked device, shipped to you for the cost of postage. Doesnt seem to be working with OS X 10.11 El Capitan Yet another product that does all and more than Lima ever will that does not torment its customers with never-ending misrepresentations and "beta" development shenanigans: <url>"revolutionary" product that was going to "change the world" and "make your device bigger"? You're getting what you deserve, and we won't stop until we see your company out of business and your product exposed for what it really is: a hack job and a scam. Everyone, If you have time please write a review on Amazon and rate this POS as a single star. <url>"Concerning the space take by the Lima database: this is only temporary. Once the files have been transferred to the hard drive attached to Lima, the space is released." :D my laptop lima is sending 19227 files for over two weeks. my desktop is sending 222335 files for about the same time. i only wanted the product for backup, but not even that is been delivered. (and yes i submitted a bug report) Gotta say, I'm impressed: I messaged for a refund, and 14 hours later I got an email from them!! They asked for my paypal email address, and will deposit the refund into it. I'll chime back in here if/when they keep their promise. I'm hopeful! Hmmm now without asking LIMA imports my fotos to LIMA! I do not want that! Why does it not let me configure what I want on the LIMA and what I do not want there? I got the product and it looks very nice. Design and packaging GREAT. Now the install process I had to reboot the Lima once, then it was recognized on the Windows 10 Laptop. The installation of the App on the iPad was more cumbersome due to Apple's restrictive policies concerning BETA apps, but worked. But shock when I start the app: it does not rotate and since I use my iPad always in landscape mode (keyboard attached) my head is in painful 90° position all the time... I mean common why do you make a tablet app THAT CANNOT ROTATE??? dim3m Add my name to that list. I messaged them for a refund, and am asking here in the forum: GCG, I have not received my device and am requesting a refund. I have been more than patient with the Lima team and I just can not wait any longer. I have confirmed my shipping address, but no response. That is just par for the course. I will be contacting my bank to receive a refund on their behalf. You guys really dug yourself a whole that will be tough to get out. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. @ Did you forget these??? Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow" 117. Jeff Mottle (CGarchitect). Unit can not even install and gives errors and no one replies to support tickets. 116. Darryl (Refund Policy in the Q&A on backershub has no details. I went on to choose colour - could not. Then items delivered as I thought there was a stage two. Now refusing return and refund. 115. AnnMarie Johnson (req'd refund via KS messaging; told they wouldn't refund delivered products) 113. Gift of Gab( multiple emails send requesting a refund, but all were denied) 112. Michael DaSilva (Was offered refund, but box has to be unopened and you have to front shipping costs to France.) 111. KDB 110. leomaier 109. Albert Chung 108. C Schroeter 107. Richard A 106. Rasmus Andersen 105. Jakamoto 104. Ibon Azkoitia (<url>ébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>"reaping what you sow" 117. Jeff Mottle (CGarchitect). Unit can not even install and gives errors and no one replies to support tickets. 116. Darryl (Refund Policy in the Q&A on backershub has no details. I went on to choose colour - could not. Then items delivered as I thought there was a stage two. Now refusing return and refund. 115. AnnMarie Johnson (req'd refund via KS messaging; told they wouldn't refund delivered products) 113. Gift of Gab( multiple emails send requesting a refund, but all were denied) 112. Michael DaSilva (Was offered refund, but box has to be unopened and you have to front shipping costs to France.) 111. KDB 110. leomaier 109. Albert Chung 108. C Schroeter 107. Richard A 106. Rasmus Andersen 105. Jakamoto 104. Ibon Azkoitia (<url>ébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>"Lima", too. Haven't received mine yet as well. Do we get tracking info on our orders? I've managed to mess my unit up and it no longer functions as a Lima device. If someone wants a device for hacking, let me know. Cost is postage to you. 私のLimaは、いつ届きますか？ no lima. want refund. Still waiting for my Lima. Any tracking/shipping info? We should make a complain like in this project to get our refund : <url>"no". I bet I am not the only one in this list... Disclaimer, I do not know these people, I don't work for them, and I do not like their product any longer (since I properly understood that it would require deep ties into the OS). On the other hand, I am French :-) Where the fuck is the updates? Holy shit they can't even update us anymore. @CGC How bout this??? Did you forget these??? Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow" 117. Jeff Mottle (CGarchitect). Unit can not even install and gives errors and no one replies to support tickets. 116. Darryl (Refund Policy in the Q&A on backershub has no details. I went on to choose colour - could not. Then items delivered as I thought there was a stage two. Now refusing return and refund. 115. AnnMarie Johnson (req'd refund via KS messaging; told they wouldn't refund delivered products) 113. Gift of Gab( multiple emails send requesting a refund, but all were denied) 112. Michael DaSilva (Was offered refund, but box has to be unopened and you have to front shipping costs to France.) 111. KDB 110. leomaier 109. Albert Chung 108. C Schroeter 107. Richard A 106. Rasmus Andersen 105. Jakamoto 104. Ibon Azkoitia (<url>ébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>"reaping what you sow" 116. Darryl (Refund Policy in the Q&A on backershub has no details. I went on to choose colour - could not. Then items delivered as I thought there was a stage two. Now refusing return and refund. 115. AnnMarie Johnson (req'd refund via KS messaging; told they wouldn't refund delivered products) 113. Gift of Gab( multiple emails send requesting a refund, but all were denied) 112. Michael DaSilva (Was offered refund, but box has to be unopened and you have to front shipping costs to France.) 111. KDB 110. leomaier 109. Albert Chung 108. C Schroeter 107. Richard A 106. Rasmus Andersen 105. Jakamoto 104. Ibon Azkoitia (<url>ébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>"optimizing" sounds legit... @CGC But you said in July 2013 "We need your help! Lima is an adventure, and you have more than your place in it. We started it with the dream to make hard drives as easy to use as they should have been for the past 20 years. After 2 years of development, from hardware to software to web apps, we are nearly ready to launch a product we really think you’ll love. " and "On the software side, we’re glad to say that we overcomed the most critical technical challenges brought by our app. After 2 years of research and development, we have already built a prototype of our application on Mac, Windows and Linux. We are currently in the process of optimizing our application code to transform it into production-grade software. And we are confident we can do it during the next six months." it's time to get refund. you can save $40. <url>"Regarding your router configuration, you should authorize all ports to 54.93.170.155 and 54.93.130.25 (TCP outbound) and port 123 to anywhere. You should also forward port 25211 inbound to the Lima if possible (and if your router does not have UPnP IGD)." I *tried* to do these settings but it didn't work and i'm not convinced I did it correctly which is why I am hoping someone can give me superhub specific instructions. Puhaha Amazon is offering $50 off coupon for these shit brick Lima devices.. I guess Amazon made a mistake trying to sell this garbage. Does anyone have instructions for how to get it to work with the virgin superhub? I have tried changing various settings but had no success, it simply never sees the lima device. Any superhub specific instructions would be gratefully received. Jacques, I have seen tech questions answered on their Facebook and Twitter sites your tech support is like sh!t. I have been waiting for weeks already for an answer, asked and asked again. when dose this ,,,Beta...end ? will you please answer me My Lima is presently a packet sniffer... I installed tcpdump on it after renaming the beacon app (to crapware). I store the pcaps to an attached harddisk. It seems to be quite slow for both ethernet as well as drive I/O. But, it almost serves for a quick audit of a small subnet. I may profile the OS and device performance if I get some time. But, I find that adding an SSD drive only reduces power requirements an not the I/O performance. That implies that the USB I/O is easily maxed out using one drive. No wonder people are reporting slowness, the HW is under designed (I know - this has already been stated, but; I figured I'd associate my performance findings with the issue.) @Christopher Lewis! Thanks for supporting me. @CGC team, I finally made it work. I found a third computer that has been recently upgraded to Windows 10. Lima app detected the device on that one. Once I had that setup, I setup the beta app on my iphone and another laptop. This time, surprisingly Lima device was detected on all devices pretty quickly. But I was struggling with speed issues (2MBytes/sec transfers on WiFi AC router). So I read the online help and found out about setting up uPnP, My PACE ATT router does not support uPnP. So I tried the port forwarding. Took another 30 mins to set that up in the router. Restarted lima and lo-and-behold, I have over 9MBytes per sec of sustained transfer rates. I am not sure how long this will last but for now it is good enough for me. Now for a quick review, I have not enabled Unification but without that, it is a very limited device with no special features they showed in the original video. The transfer speed within the same network is very good, tomorrow I can try that from office to see how the speed is across networks. My advice to people who have the device and are worried about opening it, do give it a shot! Updates on shipping would be good. It's been WAY TO LONG. Thank you @CGC How bout this??? Did you forget these??? Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow" 116. Darryl (Refund Policy in the Q&A on backershub has no details. I went on to choose colour - could not. Then items delivered as I thought there was a stage two. Now refusing return and refund. 115. AnnMarie Johnson (req'd refund via KS messaging; told they wouldn't refund delivered products) 113. Gift of Gab( multiple emails send requesting a refund, but all were denied) 112. Michael DaSilva (Was offered refund, but box has to be unopened and you have to front shipping costs to France.) 111. KDB 110. leomaier 109. Albert Chung 108. C Schroeter 107. Richard A 106. Rasmus Andersen 105. Jakamoto 104. Ibon Azkoitia (<url>ébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>"reaping what you sow" 116. Darryl (Refund Policy in the Q&A on backershub has no details. I went on to choose colour - could not. Then items delivered as I thought there was a stage two. Now refusing return and refund. 115. AnnMarie Johnson (req'd refund via KS messaging; told they wouldn't refund delivered products) 113. Gift of Gab( multiple emails send requesting a refund, but all were denied) 112. Michael DaSilva (Was offered refund, but box has to be unopened and you have to front shipping costs to France.) 111. KDB 110. leomaier 109. Albert Chung 108. C Schroeter 107. Richard A 106. Rasmus Andersen 105. Jakamoto 104. Ibon Azkoitia (<url>ébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>"tech support" which has gotten me nowhere, they refuse to believe that anything could actually be wrong with their product and keep taking me in circles 'troubleshooting' it. Now they stopped responding to my conversation with them over 12 days ago (as soon as they undoubtedly realized that it actually is a broken unit). Anyone know where to go to get a refund? We could band together and get something rolling with the FTC, that might actually get us some kind of response. This is a joke man.. I dun think I will see my lima forever.. is there any way to get a refund?? this really sucks man Hi Everyone, if anyone is in Brisbane Australia and wants a couple of these bricks drop me a message. I have two. Completely Free and unopened. I have no desire to ever use them. This user's account has been deleted. Jul 10 2013 - Sep 8 2013 Funded Estimated delivery: Dec 2013 Estimated delivery: Apr 2014 2 years later and we are still in beta......this project is a joke Well, now a got a mail to wrong email-address. And the confirmation form doesn´t work. Can't fill in Country and if I press send I get a 404.... i miss ozymandias' comments. So here is one comment way back by: ozymandias ozymandias (ZionEyez,CGC Scam victim) on May 28 Here is part of an official reply I just got from Lima: " We just don't have enough time to reply to bastards like you. We prefer to spend our time improving our product, instead replying to trolls and liars like you. " So they accused a backer/customer of being a liar (despite having no evidence of that), *AND* called me a bastard. That's even better than Severin calling us 'small people'... Hi, I didn't receive an email about my Lima shipping. Can you let me know when it will be sent out? Another rip-off project from KickStarter. Not only are they still in beta test over a year and 10 months after schedule but Lima has put in software requirements and will not support all devices. The claim was no matter your device we would share storage. How many besides me bought this because they had older devices that could not be upgraded - it was a dream come true. Not almost 2 years behind schedule I cannot use this with my Macs because unspecified software requirements were put in place after the campaign closed. This is the worst managed product I have had the displeasure of investing in on KickStart. My last post need clarity, its the FCC and the CE certs that are posted over in the G+ communities. Severin so graciously threw them at me almost a week since I contacted him. Just another Bastard Backer it seems in this case. No promptness when we ask questions, almost weeks out just for simple answers, and half the time run around. I hope all of you who are un-happy are also commenting on the Amazon Product page so that future buyers are aware of the issues. I posted the images of PDF over at the LIMA communities on G+: <url>"beta" arrive? @CGC you said you'll get back with me, so 4 days later, where's the verification regarding the legality of the this product? FCC numbers ETC? And still no email to confirm my address and no device.... @Mattias, its faster if you order it on Amazon. When Will you ship????? I received my Lima and just installed it today, and it all works nicely, very impressed by the beautiful interface and colours, very professional. everything seems to work fine apart from the smartphone install: I didn't receive the sms so I had to download manually. Is it because I am far away in New Zealand? Please swear to me that I am the first kiwi user !!!!!!! Good luck for the future guys and very well done, it was worth the year delay. There is a 33% coupon on the Amazon site. Perhaps $149 is an ambitious price for an alpha product with a 5 year old hardware spec. i just purchased a WD My Passport 2TB for my Lima, formatted it to HFS+ and when i plug it in to set it up it comes up as a foreign drive and asks me to plug in the drive used to set up my lima when this is the first drive I've plugged into it The default FS appears to be NTFS Once I formatted a thumbdrive as NTFS I was able to mount it I am tarring off the overlay onto the thumbdrive I was unable to use a 320GB spinning drive - maybe it needs more power than the Lima provides a junior developer error denis :) /home/denis/lima/git/lima-wanserr-firmware/openwrt/staging I suggest you build in a directory without your name as is done by more experienced developers. It appears the 'beacon' is their service: strings on beacon got a lot... what makes me feel this is their 'stuff': could not read eth0 IPv4... wait %ds... beacon.api.meetlima.com /etc/lima/sn error while reading '/etc/lima/sn': %d could not open '/etc/lima/sn': %d cannot create datagram socket: %d. cannot set socket broadcast: %d. cannot broadcast data (buffer size: %u): %d error closing broadcast socket: %d. fork() failed: %d mount -t jffs2 /dev/mtdblock1 /overlay gets you the overlay partition root@OpenWrt:/# uname -a Linux OpenWrt 2.6.37.6 #1 Wed Feb 5 15:39:35 CET 2014 i486 GNU/Linux root@OpenWrt:/# ps -elf PID USER VSZ STAT COMMAND 1 root 988 S init 5 root 0 SW [kworker/u:0] 6 root 0 SW< [khelper] 7 root 0 SW [kworker/u:1] 25 root 0 SW [sync_supers] 27 root 0 SW [bdi-default] 29 root 0 SW< [kblockd] 62 root 0 SW [kswapd0] 115 root 0 SW [mtdblock0] 120 root 0 SW [mtdblock1] 125 root 0 SW [mtdblock2] 133 root 0 SW [kworker/0:1] 276 root 0 SW [flush-mtd-unmap] 278 root 0 SWN [jffs2_gcd_mtd1] 299 root 0 SW [khubd] 313 root 1012 S /bin/sh /etc/init.d/rcS S boot 314 root 984 S /bin/ash --login 316 root 980 S logger -s -p 6 -t sysinit 328 root 992 S syslogd -C16 330 root 972 S klogd 344 root 576 S /sbin/hotplug2 --override --persistent --set-worker 416 root 984 S udhcpc -t 0 -i eth0 -H Lima -b -p /var/run/dhcp-eth0 474 root 984 S /sbin/watchdog -t 5 /dev/watchdog 513 root 632 S beacon 519 root 624 S beacon 522 root 996 S crond -c /etc/crontabs -l 5 533 root 780 S /usr/sbin/dropbear -P /var/run/dropbear.1.pid -s -p 535 root 2160 S fwupdater 540 root 976 S telnetd -l /bin/login.sh 574 root 980 R ps -elf A quick look it appears that pin signal 9 TX 8 RX 7 gnd This is the unpopulated set of through-hole pads on the daughter card near the RJ45 end of the card. With jtagulator connected 0 - 10 1 - 9 2 - 8 GND - 7 jtagulator says: TXD: 1 RXD: 2 Baud: 115200 Data: 0xf5../bin/ash: [ 30 78 66 35 0D 0A 2F 62 69 6E 2F 61 73 68 3A 20 ] So I think we may have a serial console. @Steve Hunter: A RasPi does not easliy travel in my pocket. Even in a case (to protect the device from ESD and other damage) it is at least 2x the volume of the Wanser device. The WiFi Shield is a great example of a reasonably well put together RasPi package (and it is secure by design). So suggesting use of a RasPi in place of what I backed (which differs from what I received) is appears to be like suggesting use of a 1967 caddy in place of a vespa. Will this thing do anything useful (with existing firmware) without corrupting a perfectly safe/working computer with an app that has not had security reviews or is it essentially a brick without defiling a phone/tablet/computer? @Steve Hunter: Thanks for the teardown and openwrt info. Should CGC have started honest and kept to honesty then what I' have in my hands would be what I backed rather than this debacle. Honest, clear, transparent, and correct communication failed with CGC. Their continuation along the path toward misinformation and misrepresentation escalated. Yes, sometimes an ernest representation of the truth can appear rude. I installed my Lima device today and it works like a charm. Some minor issues installing it on my Android phone, but that is due to the fact that the app is still not official. Overall I'm very happy with it. Got mine a few days ago and after figuring out how to plug it in I was up and running on my iMac (both Mac OSX and and Virtual Windows 8.1), iPhone 5 and Nexus 7 tablet. So far my Lima Pioneer just works. I have a 1TB HFS+ USB-connected drive --- David I'm still waiting for mine? @CGC > I mean “Desktop” “Downloads” “Pictures” “Music” “Documents”. I assume that means you're monitoring the %USERPROFILE% directory on a Windows system. Hi! I don't remember receiving any email to confirm my adress, etc. nor I've received my device. Can someone confim it's ok and drop me a line? Thank you!! @CGC I asked for FCC authentication numbers, as well as the other certifications you have received, nothing, not a word from Severin either. I would enjoy your assistance as to see if your device is legal in the states before I continue to operate this device upon my network. Legality is key. Proof is Legality is a must. My lima was arrived. I am going to try it now. I suspect KC is happy to still keep coming to this forum as a help to those of us that have been bamboozled and didn't go through the hassle required to get our money back. I, for one, am happy to have his input. I also asked for a refund ages ago and was denied, even though my points were valid. My money wasn't used to make what was promised. I think it's self evident that this is only one set of several problems, which include transparency and horrid timelines, alpha software, etc. A solid percentage of the backers here are in 100% agreement with these frustrations. I, for one, would love to get what I was told I'd get. To be told your files are safe as long as you have another backup. All I can say regarding that is "No crap, Sherlock". That was true prior to having a device that has been shown innumerable times to either fry the drive or discombobulate the data. I'm literally safer NOT using the device. This is not something I ever have to worry about with Dropbox, nor any of the other cloud solutions I've seen. @Creator - What is on your roadmap is not backup. Q.E.D @CGC, When you say "that all your files will be synced automatically," what exactly do you mean by all? Everything on the hard drive of a computer, or just the user /home (aka My Documents)? Not an astroturfer; even a disappointing cloud device has a silver lining. Don't forget to fill out your review on Amazon site... <url>"backup" which CGC has tacitly acknowledged is not even on the roadmap. They just call "syncing to two locations" backup even though it is anything but. Steve Hunter sounds like a dummy account for CGC. @Clemens: I've backed other projects on Kickstarter but I create a new account for each. I thought "unification" was that Lima-synchronised files could be anywhere on the system rather than cooped up in a separate virtual folder/drive. Maybe they meant something else by it, I don't know. Tinkering around with the internals of software doesn't require the source code. There are plenty of clues in the final product - logging, debugging messages, function symbols, behavioural analysis, and so on - that can give a full picture of what a program does and how it works. Btw I'm not auditing it, this was just for curiosity. Anyway my point is that there are plenty of reasonable criticisms one can level at CGC about the progress of their kickstarter, but the claim that they spent two years writing "script kiddie code" is really quite unfair. "unification" is just marketing gibberish... and it will be fun to see what they mean by that (or better what they implement) and soon as (if ever) they reach this goal... by the way @Steve how come lima is the only project you ever backed here on Kickstarter? How are you going to tinker with their software? Do you have the source code? How do you know how well the software performs? Are you auditing it? @Casey, I don't see the point of putting different software on the device, unless it's to augment what's already on there, to do something interesting with it. The hardware is nothing special really (to paraphrase CGC, you might as well buy a Raspberry Pi instead). Much more fun to tinker with the software and see how it works. I'm really looking forward to seeing how - on a technical level - they tackle the unification problem in later releases of the client software. @Steve Hunter, The only thing I really destroyed was the circular plastic band around the device, but it was cheapo plastic and was very poorly thought out as an after design. If you are like @fmotta and myself, and want to start putting different firmware/software on this devil, I'm all for assisting/testing/etc. @Casey, I'm not pleased about the two year delay either, or presenting the original product as nearly finished when it clearly wasn't. And I agree that it's not fully ready, but the design looks sound. I particularly like the mutually authenticating peer-to-peer network layer they've built it on, as is used now to communicate past firewall restrictions, and in future releases I can see how it will enable such features as the 'instant' folder sharing to other users. As for taking it apart, two thin knives inserted either side is enough to ease the clips out, you don't need to destroy anything. @Steve Hunter, Hows the koolaide taste? Seriously, this project has been delayed for almost 2 years from its launch. And they are still in Beta testing (I call it Alpha, because it barely touches the features we backed). As @fmotta stated many a time, It is a script-kiddie design. Yes I have plugged it in, yes I have tested the software, no, those little clips you speak of are not easy to "release" You DO have to take off band in a destructive way because they shrunk it to the plastic. As a funny part, I'm excited about getting their bloatware off this poor machine and putting real working software upon it. I do not like their software, because it was clogging my source drive with an extra database. Not what I backed, but I sure as hell am going to use the device to my liking. No I don't have the source code. Obtaining the firmware that's downloaded to the device (or part of it, at least) isn't too hard though, if you like puzzles. I did have problems with getting the client software to work reliably - with it not detecting the device, crashing, L: drive not appearing, etc. - and asked for a refund at the time (which was refused), but on further analysis I think it's just that they've released it before ironing out some important bugs. The underlying design and coding of the Lima actually seems quite neat. I'm not yet using it on a day to day basis, but it's been enjoyable to pick it apart and see how it works. Same as Alan below: Just checking in guys..... Haven't heard anything for a while. Any idea when I can expect my unit delivered to Switzerland? @ Steve Hunter - Does that mean you have a Lima that works like the original campaign promised? If so, can I send you my unopened Lima and trade it for yours? @Steve Hunter - Are you saying you have a copy of the Lima software code? This user's account has been deleted. My apologies, that comment should have been @Casey, not @Corey. @Corey, Fmotto: you are both being rather impolite about CGC's work on the Lima software - irrationally claiming it to be "script-kiddie code", "wonky coded NAS", "firmware 2 years outdated". I get that you're annoyed about receiving a beta product that didn't work to your expectation, but this is unreasonable behaviour. I strongly suspect you haven't seen the code running on the device itself, so there's no need for such outbursts. By the way, you don't need to cut it open to get inside, there are two clips just behind the coloured band with the logo on it. The OpenWRT version you're looking for is 12.09. Obtaining a copy of the device software is relatively straightforward; some disassembly shows it to be an innovative, modular, defensively-programmed design, that is not just implementing a standard NAS. Hi, I also received the package even though I didn't signed up for the beta.. Is there a mixed up or something? Or is this the finished product? Can someone from Lima pls explain.. Appreciate that. @Corey: I was going to see if the OpenWRT port for the Wanser-R is available. If so then there is a chance that it can be the base firmware (after the bootloader/u-boot). Maybe you 'peep' has already started this investigation and determined more. Thanks for the info fmotta - So basically, there's not a useful, viable option right now until someone goes through the effort of finding a good alternative and can provide the advice on how to apply this new firmware, etc. As I figured, it means the other peep was blowing smoke, but at least I know I'm not missing something that would make this useful. At least - not yet. ;) @Corey: The device appears to be a Flash-based implementation (most are). The challenges to flashing it is to find the flash method and a working image (or the ability to build it). I have been dragged to a paying effort otherwise I'd be poking deeper so I can put untainted firmware on this and rid it of script-kiddie code on the Lima and on the remote devices. @CGC, When I received my LIMA I was not part of the beta test.. from your communications it sounded like it was working as identified in the campaign and everything was good. So, I installed this I was open to pushing forward and giving you guys the benefit of the doubt. But one thing that we need as initial users is transparency.. my data and its security will always be more important than the money spent on Lima. I suggested using an open helpdesk site (again for transparency) but the response is that you already have a method to submit issues. This shows a complete lack of understanding of the need for transparency in your processes and communications, while you may need a controlled mechanism for having productive issues resolution dialog - and also need to isolate issues and address them 1:1, you also need a mechanism for user communication and FAQs. The fact that people are publishing teardown photos with unmarked chips on the Comments section of your kickstarter campaign, and are concerned about regulatory cert, shows a complete breakdown in trust, you need to address this. I have no idea what I just stuck on my network, but it is coming off, and it will take some effort to restore my trust. I'd suggest that you stop selling this on other sites until you can satisfy your early adopters (here on kickstarter). If you have questions about our role try reading "The Lean Startup". I'll check back in in a few months.. Howdy guys who are actually doing this stuff still - I had a young peep tell me that he was intending on flashing his LIMA with something better, and that brought me to question - is there any flashable option already out there? I know he isn't writing this himself, so I'm trying to determine if there is something in existence already. If there is, I'm interested in breaking this open and looking. If he was just blowing smoke, that's ok too, but at least I will know I didn't miss an alternative. Danke! @fmotta: I hopefully will get an answer to my request for that data, because without it, I don't think this product is certified, which means BIG BIG issues for CGC than they know. @casey: the G5AFF022341 is likely some part number for the board or board assembly. I looked for it as well and found zilch My Message to Severin: "Good day Severin, I am requesting alpha/numerics regarding the UL/CSA/FCC certifications. thank you for your co-operation in this effort." @fmotta: I uncertain all the pictures I posted was all that was on there. G5A55042340 (top board) G5AFF022341 (bottom board) is what I can see regarding alpha/numerics @Casey: I am nowhere near my Lima... is the UL/CSA/FCC or other certification number visible on this device? @fmotta thanks for the explanation. @Johnny, The basic device they claimed to start with - Wanser-R (sort of like a reference design) is not what they are shipping. As they stated, they are having these manufactured (more than just taking a board and replacing the plastic covering). When I have a board manufactured from a reference design I always assess what I can do to reduce the Bill-Of-Materials (BOM) cost. As a result I can have often the company not populate/stuff items that are not promised or needed. The Wanser device had LEDs that are visible here (<url>"optimization". A poor choice of a place to optimize as the value-add upon the Wanser should not have taxed the CPU. They should have written decent code that does not waste time doing worthless operations (like maintaining a 'double-entry' on the storage) as an optimization. @fmotta and @casey, im a bit confused. this hardware was not produced by Lima, its simply a rebadged piece of equipment from another manufacturer... am i missing something here? @Casey: My opinion about the 'NP' (not populated) choices that CGC made: - It is cheaper not to pay for the parts nor the machine time to populate and test these items (hardware switches require a press/toggle so that is even more expensive). - Including an LED to show activity will obviate the amount of activity on their device - from what I understand from the extremely long time it takes to copy a file from a computer to a Lima then the LED would be flickering all the time. This doesn't even happen on my NAS (not surprising as it was built by people who know what they are doing). In short - it appears that CGC feels that lying and managing the disappointment is cheaper than the cost of of keeping promises. I'd hate to have personal relationships with the people at CGC who make such decisions. Well, it would be short-lived as such behavior is ejected from my life immediately even if they are family. Even Apple would not make such a bold and idiotic contradiction and it was run by a sociopath! @fmotta, awesome, i'm stoked to see what your results will yield. I am still concerned on the aspect of promising LED and having the placement on the board still, but not putting them in. Even the Reset switch would have been a nice touch, feels like they sacrificed too much just to get the hardware ready to NOT be used over a 5-7 month span (according to kickstarter updates from them.) Severin or Gawen, feel free to explain the lack of hardware promised? What else did you skimp on? @fmotta, Any good ideas for a cheap JTAG programmer? I recovered this from the ewaste and opened it up (since it was the only thing that was not taken away when they gathered the ewaste I speculate that it could be because it was still new in shipping bag or because even ewaste won't take it - I think the later). However, I will follow Casey and open this up and attach some tools to locate the console. @Casey: Thanks ! (BrianS too). Got mine. Fortunately can't test now. Need new disk. I'm reporting in as promised. I ordered the Seagate Cloud. For less than the list price of a Lima, I got a turnkey solution that includes 3TB of storage. I loaded files onto the device at the rate of 2 to 3GB per minute. No files are stored temporarily on my machines' hard drives. Unlike Lima, which grabs 10% of the free space of a hard drive, the Seagate doesn't require any permanent temporary storage. There is an app that allows me to use my Smartphone and tablets to access my files. @Casey, The switch footprint is the reset switch present on the original Wanser-R/Bifferboard unit, and the LEDs are exactly what you said. Assuming it's the same blank, programming pins are brought out on the holes at the edge of the board. You can Telnet to the device, although I have no idea what the password is. I didn't try SSH. Thanks for the pics Casey. There is a slight wobble of my end table. It looks like there is about a 1/4" difference in one of the leg lengths. I'm wondering if the Lima could be modified from its current state so as to become a viable solution to the problem. also, board looks like it was build to have a switch for powercycling and the LEDS for monitoring the on/off and its things were being read/written. They went Cheap of course and did not put these in the final model Wonder why? There initial specs states we should have gotten the LEDs at the least. and that boys and girls, is how the lima looks inside, Big thing, they put the sticker over the larger IC and for some reason, that sticky crap on the barcode sticker decided to rub away numbers and such of the IC <url>"Lie" Ma Lye-Ma LameMa (useful for data storage as a) Lama Needs a new Llama On a completely frivolous note: I've looked at the videos on the Kickstarter and meetlima websites. How is the name of this device pronounced: Lee'-ma? Lye'-ma? Or something else? I've been trying very hard to keep an open mind about this. I read "just below", but I'm still unclear on how Lima differs from an NAS, so I ordered the Seagate unit, If it does no better than Lima in making my music files available across all of my devices, I'll say so. If it does better, I'll say so. If it does worse, I'll say so. (Here, FB, blog, etc.) Installed and ready to go, can't wait to see what this thing can do to make my life easier!! From CGC: "Lima is indeed part of the connected storage device family. However, classical NAS devices typically don’t require installing software on your computer: they appear as a hard drive on your computer but they use standard protocols to do so. Most of them won’t work outside of your home. " Most modern NAS devices now have a software included that you can install on your computer. That enables you to connect to your NAS device more easily from outside. Some work great just by being on your own VPN! Lima goes beyond all of this. Its software: - is entirely P2P, which enables you to access your files from other devices even when your Lima device is offline, and without being limited by the upload connection at home, - enables to keep some files available offline if you want to, which is pretty useful when you don’t have an Internet connection. " - WD Mycloud works where you have internet access to both client and the drive - another misrepresentation by CGC - Most modern NAS provide P2P access - another misrepresentation by CGC - More than one NAS uses 'fuseFS' allowing remote syncing of directories - misrepresentation by CGC If the goal is to ensure that files I have on one system are replicated onto other systems then Lima (actually no additional hardware) is not required. Just some simple applications - like bt_sync or git-annex. @CGC: If the truth is not your friend then you should evaluate your motives and morals. Also, consider counseling. Why is it that the last update was over a month ago, and I still have not received any email or any other communication letting me know when or if my product will be shipped?? I thought we were getting emails in July? I'm not sure if I will try to use the thing, but I paid for it and want something - even if it's an expensive paperweight. @Casey: Thanks - please post the pics publicly and also be certain to show the pads (unpopulated solder places where devices could be attached). If I see something that looks like it could be a serial or JTAG connector then I may follow suit and attach my ejagulator and see if I can find a way to talk to the console or JTAG interface. Then we can share notes and possibly make this hardware useful without the undocumented, hidden, unreviewed, proprietary stuff. What I see as a definition of what will be useful using this hardware: - OpenWRT with ipsec (complete with the administration server interface) - bt_sync - node (so we can use the open source bt_sync app rather than Lima stuff) - includes FAT, extfs, and maybe ntfs_3g, HFS+ file system support @all Backers and @CGC, I am cracking open this device this weekend, datasheet or not, and taking multiple close-ups and posting them publicly, tired of your run around, time to get answers. @rojander: If I had the information available I'd be looking into the problems and make this a decent product (at least for me). However, that is not an option as stated by CGC. Hiding the implementation and code for this seems more along the line of the NDA and secrecy and appears to be based on fear of peer review. Something that even script kiddies happily embrace. @ronjadler - While I appreciate the positive outlook you have. It is all but impossible to avoid distain or make any progress so long as CGC persists in trying to fool its KS backers and pretend there is no problem. They are in the wrong, and double-down with every communication. @ronjader: My having over 35 years of development of embedded applications may have some foundation for my opinion about what CGC has done with this project. Version 0.x quality software would be tolerable if they delivered something other than they described when I backed this project. It would be more tolerable if it were not proprietary, not require unstated (and unneeded) apps on the other devices (written by script kiddies), they were even 20% honest about what they say, treated backers like humans with important questions rather than (as you stated) distain. My many years in many roles (including customer facing ones most of the time) have led me to understand that any person who does not want to kill a company and/or product will treat recipients of their product far better than CGC has treated the backers. There is NO need for proprietary/secrecy/NDA/... for the Lima I backed (per the campaign). It should have been done in far less time than was scheduled and they would have had time to make it mildly more robust or test it. A developer of such an item happily provides all the information needed to describe the product and would jump to get it used by as many people as possible rather than acting like Microsoft and making the purchaser of deemed finished product be beta testers (even without an NDA!). My experiences; Loaded data quickly onto LIMA when attached to the same LAN.. put 51G of files on it very quickly (much much more quickly than copying bulk files on to GDrive) When I loaded the kit onto a second Windows computer, it attached the LIMA drive three times (Drives E, F, & G) - but I can fix that easily by removing 2 of them I cant play media files from LIMA on Windows (Win10, native player), but when I copy the files to my desktop it works fine - the LIMA is on the same LAN that the PC is on so shouldnt be a lag issue. My use case is for storing documents not media so not a big deal. I can open documents directly from LIMA (powerpoint, word, excel) so that works. I have been unable to get the Android version to work. When I insert my credentials and try to log in, the app crashes.. so I have no ideas about android access I will try accessing it from another (non Lan) location later and we will see what happens. @fmotta, I hear the passion, and your disdain for @CGC. It seems to me that the Lima team made some missteps in communications, and that they need to restate their use case and approach. It's a version 0.8 product, and the approach may have changed since funding, as they learned more. It's kickstarter, it happens. I personally decided to not be in a hurry to set it up, didnt sign up for alpha testing, and considered waiting another 6+ months before setting it up. But I am going to give it a run.. if it doesnt work for me, then I will revisit it around easter and see if they ran the bugs out of it. Kickstarter technical campaigns are notoriously buggy and delayed, my philosophy is that I am funding the platform and approach, but the stability and usability may be delayed by up to a year, or in remote cases may never become usable, or the company could be acquired and the product taken off the market (which I have seen and suffered through a few times). Again, I think that CGC should address functional capabilities off of this site, and should restate their near term functional capabilities goals, and their overall vision. I dont think that they need to provide a roadmap since this is competitive info. Everyone else, lets turn any disappointment into passion to improve the product.. sounds like some folks would be interested in helping debug at a lower level so get an NDA in place and work with CGC to move the platform forward. @CGC I do not see any options or information in preferences relating to 'relay or in P2P' The OSX desktop app reports it 'hasn't seen the lima in a while' (similar with my macbook pro app) yet finder can see the lima - so it is 'working' However, browsing the Lima NAS is painfully slow. I've run the lima from both home (15/15 fiber and simple router setup) and work (T1 direct connection) and the results are both the same. App says can't find lima, Finder takes upwards of 1 minute to simply display folder contents. It took days just to place 6G of data on the had. I'm not looking for support. You guys tried and failed. That happens, I'm moving on. How does Lima differ from the Seagate Personal Cloud Home Media Storage Device 4TB NAS, other than the 4TB constraint? Lima got me to buy into the concept, but not its own execution of it. Life is short. I'm ready to bail, but unsure of where to bail to for under a few hundred dollars. Anyone else noticed that Lima is under NAS category on Amazon? @CGC How is this NOT a NAS device? I see no less than 8 "New" Limas for sale on Amazon - starting as low as $35... Maybe I should put mine there for the cost of shipping (an honest price for a Lima) so more people can see the "value" in the Lima. @ronjadler: Your suggestion is excellent! I think that the first requirement would be that all the information/answers be visible by non-members. This would allow for open communication and transparency into the answers along with reducing the amount of time needed to find common answers. Of course, that would likely not occur as CGC has had a history of hiding the information, preventing documentation of Lima and its usage/problems, and back-stepping on most of their commitments for this project. You know - just what a flim-flam artist would do. @CGC - you guys need to use a support site. Plenty of wordpress plug ins for forums and tickets, or use a hosted option like Zendesk. Quickly.. you really dont want to be addressing product question and issues through the kickstarter comments area. We also need to be able to see categories and search through it.. here is a sample that you can use as a pattern - <url>"Synology, Qnap or Iomega devices are Network Attached Storage (NAS) devices. They add a new folder or virtual hard drive in your computer, and make it accessible from all your devices. Owncloud works the same. This hard drive or folder is yet-another-memory, a separate place where you have to copy, move, your files into. So at the end of the day, if you use these solutions you still have to constantly manage and figure out where is your data. The main innovation in Lima is that it manages all of your data for you. Not only the contents of a specific folder." Really? sounds like everything LIMA does, therefore, its a NAS... "Technical specifications Embedded Linux (OpenWRT based) x86 compatible processor Port for you hard drive: USB2 Port for Internet: Ethernet port 10/100 Mbps Average transfer speed: 30 Mbps Supported file systems: NTFS, HFS+, Ext3/Ext4, FAT32 Number of drives supported (using an external USB hub): 8 Dimensions: 70mm (W) x 33mm (D) x 25mm (H) Weight: 200g LED Display: Power/ Action Operation Environment: 0 – 95 °F Storage Environment: 0 – 120°F US or EU power adapter 110V/220V (included) Ethernet cable (included)" So Also, LED display power/action. did I miss the memo on your change to this function? @CGC: Like I stated "Why did you store duplicate data on the same storage medium in your own format. This of course meaning: I put data from storage medium 1 to Lima storage medium, Why is is that LIMA is creating a secondary folder on Storage medium 1 in its own format, the same size as the data that was transferred to the LIMA in the first place? Again, why are you duplicating my data on a storage device apart from syncing to the LIMA storage medium? " I want an answer, not this "why did you back this project, its not a NAS" Yes is it, as @fmotta so kindly put it, you device connects to the network, it has a storage medium attached to it, therefore its a NETWORK, ATTACHED, STORAGE. I feel like I'm dealing with special education drop-outs. I am seeing a trend where the CGC responses are asking backers "why did you back this project in the first place?" or similar... Since what is being delivered is not what was described at campaign time and is now something different all-together then it makes a lot of sense... The response to this question on my part is "you are not delivering what you said we'd be getting when I backed it, why is that?". Which can also explain why people are expecting one thing and getting something else. The truth is your friend when you are truthful and your enemy when you are not. CGC appears to find the truth to be adversarial for them. Ok, its not a power issue.. more details to follow What's the planned release date for v0.11? That's the first version that will allegedly allow for syncing/backup between Limas and is THE reason I funded two. I'm not taking my Limas out of the box (so they can be returned for a refund) until that campaign-promised functionality is in there and works as advertised. I bought two units, and I cant seem to get them to work.. I assume that there are no lights on the exterior to show me that it is powered up. When I plug it into the router the light on the network port doesnt light up.. makes me think that there is a problem with the power cord or the unit itself. Any thoughts on how to handle? @CGC: Your assertion that this is not a NAS device sounds like my kids when they asserted that they did not break the window... their ball is inside with glass in it when it used to be outside and kicked about. Lima is as much not a NAS as Transporter... it is a Network Attached .... STORAGE. How do we know this? It has an RJ45-Ethernet connector that connects it to the network and it has the ability to present mass STORAGE attached to its USB port over the network. So, that makes it an ... Accessed Storage Server? The title does not make product, the product is what it is. That being a Network Attached Storage (well, presuming it worked). This reminds me of a company that did not the vocal pronunciation of SCSI (generally pronounced as scuzzy). This company is all about aesthetics. So they spent over $1M (roughly 1/3 of their quarterly profit at the time) to change it to 'sexy'. Honest people make honest observations and come to honest conclusions. Which may explain why CGC cannot accept that the Lima (as described after funding was closed) is a Network Attached Storage. I've been playing around with my lima for a few weeks now - very disappointed with it. I'm on a Mac, with the Android app too. When everything works (and that's not very often) it is UNBEARABLY slow. I appreciate it's all Beta right now and to expect bugs. But, when it works it's just too damn slow. Sorry guys, nice effort, looks pretty but it's functionally worthless. So disappointed. got it! always happy to test new devices. And... i got it Not happy at all. Received package with two Liam's, happy about that but NOT happy that I got slugged $60 USD for customs duty and VAT. It was sent as "storage state non volatile storage device USB" so I get slugged full customs rate on the $138 declared value as they think it is a USB hard drive here in Fiji, thanks! It is a network device NOT a USB storage device! Like it has been stated many times, kickstarted is not a shop, and as this is a gift/reward for backing this project, it should have been sent as a gift and I wouldn't have to pay for a whole other Lima. You say it would be unfair to non backers but this is not right, non backers did not back you so for them it is an outright purchase. Next I open and setup Lima and mostly smooth sailing. I really only want this to share my music on all my devices, no photos or anything important or can afford to lose. There is no option to choose only the music folder and disable the others which is a pain. Installed first on USB stick just to try it out, realised there is no way to swap to another drive without contacting support. Opened box with second Lima to try to install that with a 500 GB USB drive but notice a little piece of white plastic in the box and a rattle in the second Lima so I hope that is not a defective device.we will see on that one son I guess when two can work as backups. Chewed through a bunch of data before realised it was connected through relay and my router is locked down with ISP so I can't forward ports even though I have tried everything. (Works on my friends one though and shows only as connected, not via relay so I know it work) You just said in one of your recent replies just below that "It enables you to browse your files even when you are offline" but this is not true. While browsing when connected on friends router (not via relay so should be able to connect directly between devices) it was working fine, streaming music on all my devices nicely so I tried an experiment, I unplugged the DSL phone line to see if it was using Internet and guess what, Lima went offline even though router was on and all devices are connected to router, and now cannot stream music as Lima is offline.....no it isn't, it is still connected to my router. Why can't I browse files, why do I need Internet to be able listen to music on iPad that is stored on Lima? I may as well just get a NAS as this is a basic function. Please explain what this device is for? Starting now! Acabei de configurar tudo. Parece bastante promissor. Is anyone else having trouble with his/her Android app? Mine keeps telling me that there are no files in my Music folder even though thre have been many dozen GBs for a few days, now. Still waiting for my Lima as well. Never received an email to confirm my address. It hasn't changed in over 7 years, and I've confirmed the address submitted in my survey. Not surprising that shipping the rewards is in as much disarray as the entire campaign... @CGC: that's another vague answer. Why did you store duplicate data on the same storage medium in your own format. This of course meaning: I put data from storage medium 1 to Lima storage medium, Why is is that LIMA is creating a secondary folder on Storage medium 1 in its own format, the same size as the data that was transferred to the LIMA in the first place? Again, why are you duplicating my data on a storage device apart from syncing to the LIMA storage medium? You keep ****-footing through my question with lame answers like "it is not just a NAS", Yes this product is just a NAS, its a very wonky coded NAS. Your ducks are not in a row on this product. Your firmware is 2 years outdated already, and I'm am not to far from opening this up, and reverse engineering so the backers can see exactly what we paid for. Act like adults, provide proper transparency for your product. Hi I didn't got my reward yet. did you shipped it already? To the Lima team - I never received my purchase, and have been trying to get a refund. I contacted support, and they sent me a shipping confirmation. I immediately contacted support that I would rather have a refund but according to support the package was already picked up. This is not true - the USPS tracking number shows that the units have not been accepted. Please cancel the shipment and refund me. well, after a bit of ongoing file transfer i can safely say that one of the answers below is NOT TRUE. i have two computers uploading diferent files to lima. but ONLY after they're uploaded to lima are available to all devices, not before. its only available on the local lima drive. They are just lying, havent received my 2 Limas until now. Off course i have send a E-Mailed about that and they told me to send them mid July!!!!!!!!!!!! How do they have so many bad reviews on Amazon? It's such a great product. HA HA HA HA HA HA @Casey, take the skype call. Record it and upload to youtube. Make sure its a video call. So we can see his lying face. @cgc how does this work with streaming to Apple TV? @fmotta, Hence why I wanted proper responses in writing rather than Severins "word' because we all know how good that is, 2 years later. @CGC: The value of posting the responses to questions here is that you need not answer it more times and we can look for the answer and not wait for another wordsmithed response. The shortcoming of using skype or other method is that anything that is said is not available later when we need it in the future. Or, maybe that is the goal... no record of the responses so for plausible deniability on your part. @CGC: If I wanted a RasPi then I'd use one of my many laying around. I wanted the product I backed not the POS you are pushing. Maybe I will resurrect the device from the ewaste (if it they haven't taken it away) and use my jtagulator and find the ports and replace the crap firmware on it with my own. But, that is more work than hacking a new device.. who knows what other debacle is present in the Lima that does not get changes with replacing the firmware with my own... Big thing is you NOT answering questions, your ****-footing around. Questions not answered: Why did you create a local database not on the Lima Storage medium? Why is there no word on an audit regarding credibility/security of the current code? Is there an access port where we can hack this device? What system is this hardware based off of so we can easily put on a different firmware if need be? These questions are needing to be answered, or your device just becomes a really nifty looking paperweight, and will be reviewed on Amazon as such because of lack of communication/poor PR representation/And poor product in general. This product is in Alpha stage still, you are not even worth mentioning that this is in beta. Again, feel to correct me, I am not talking to Severin, because his "answers" will be the same run around we have been receiving for weeks. I can say these things because I am a backer, I have not received my product minus the hardware. The software is NOT what was promised or even mused. As Per Severin: "Hello again, There are some big misunderstandings about the product that can easily be solved by talking directly to each other. Let me know when you're able for a Skype call and I hope to make all of this clearer! " My Reply: "I don't feel like a Skype call can be a viable avenue, if you cannot explain it in words, I have no choice but to deem your answers to our legitimate questions regarding your product unanswered and post such not only on the kickstarter and Amazon, but to tech magazines and bloggers " CGC Does documentation advise people to check with managers / it security policy before installing software on work kit as it would be a security breach? Casey, can you go back to the grumpy pre-orders and get him to check his companies position on installing unauthorised software. If they install on his work laptop all the data on the work laptop will be replicated to all his devices, probably be punishable offence possibly scalable depending on the data involved. (Nothing anti Lima, just pointing out the risks) <url>"script kiddie" additions in Python. To this level I felt that most high school kids can achieve a level of functionality. Based on that hack I was going to derive a device that I could trust as it would build upon the 100's of years of experience within tested open source code to make a simple file server that was intended for simple file transfer (sort of like a really big thumb drive on a SAMBA server to hold data that won't fit on my thumb drives and I want to copy to another system). That project did not corrupt my working computers/phone with half-baked applications as it would just use the browser/file manager applications built therein. What this project morphed into (apparently fraudulently) after funding closed is far from what I backed. it is far from stable, the challenges they seem to be facing appear to be representative of those same "script kiddies" trying to act like professionals and compounded the risk for both CGC and the users of Lima by adding unneeded complexity and redundant applications as well as (it appears) a file system. CGC seems to have a better marketing and spin-doctoring team than they have a development team (despite the lack of imagination on the use of the Arduino logo with extremely minor changes). I have not seen this disparity in skill set since before the Dot-Bomb when people were selling nothing more than vaporware on an ongoing basis - and we see how well that went for those organizations and people! I received this message on my Facebook account, from a pre-orderer it seems: "Hello Casey. I am a Lima device purchaser who, like you, is not happy about the present state of software for the product. I am not a backer so can't post messages on the backer site. But I would like you (I chose a grumpy-sounding poster at random on the backer page) to help me publicise the fact this software does *not* work with proxy servers! I don't recall this 'feature' being on the label when I purchased the Lima . It's a serious limitation for any user whose employer uses a proxy for web access. It means I can't access or even install Lima software on my work laptop as a consequence. I'm very annoyed that the Lima person I spoke to , one Manoela, simply brushed me off with a 'not available at this stage' message. I'd appreciate it if you could get this complaint out in a more public place, viewable by other backers. Regards, Matthew, Sydney, Australia." @fmotta: This I agree upon, as I stated in one of my previous comments, sounds to me like a product that is built from kiddies strait out of highschool with little to no knowledge into file systems or coding for that matter if it took them almost 2 years to get a working beta out there for the public to use. And not ever telling the public as to when they are rolling out updates and for what, and what functionalities are working and are being worked upon? @Casey: I am not attacking anyones intelligence. I am expressing my opinion. From your post "the files you put into your Lima drive are stored locally *until* they are on the Lima, then they are purged and decrease the used memory of the local storage." Unless you are discussing the RAM MEMORY on the drive (they often have DRAM for cache and for executing its firmware); then the phrase "decrease the used memory of the local storage" leaves a question of "which? memory or storage?". I am aware that the CGC representatives evidently lack the understanding that they are misusing terms throughout their collateral and responses. Maybe this phrase is derived from their drivel. What I did not touch on is that the file system (like FAT, NTFS, extfs, HPFS, ...) is generally not altered with git (it does not do fdisk nor mkfs nor its equivalents). git just uses space on the file system. If Lima requires a proprietary file system then CGC is wasting its time and money and integrity of data with likely no gain for anyone. Most modern file systems have redundancy built-in so that recovery is possible (like use of this command can do: ext4magic -R -a $(date -d "-2day" +%s) -d /old_root/storage-recover/ /dev/mapper/vg_brdsv-Storage File system engineering has gone on for a very long time and I have my doubts that CGC can contribute above the existing works. I have concerns that any CGC efforts to create their own file system will compromise the data integrity. @fmotta, I'm not following what you are saying (not sure if you are attacking my intelligence of the issue, or CGC) My post clearly states their programming forces you to keep a duplicated copy of your data on your local storage where the data originated. In their database folder in their format. Pretty sure I didn't use "memory" as a key word, only storage/storage-medium. Again, feeling that they are not answering as to why they did this in the first place, or if they are keeping this as a function. Right now, my Lima has been shelved until answers are received regarding key questions as to solidarity of the product and its code. I took maybe 15 minutes of my time to test this with random files that I use for FTP speed tests, and this device. With a decent speed tested flash/thumb drive, could only get 500kb-1mb of transfer speed while it was connected to the Lima device. Where as the Thumbdrive tests 10mb-15mb transferspeeds. Not a fan of this device or its lack-luster programming. @Casey: I find that anyone who presents storage as memory lacks credibility. Storage devices (generally nonvolatile): - Flash - Spinning media (hard discs and DVD) - Tape drives ... Memory (generally volatile): - DRAM/DDR ... What is nonvolatile vs volatile? Most general situation is that volatile means it will go away once power/refresh is stopped. Where non-volatile means that it will be there after powering off and back on (barring some error condition). If you want to seem smart then maybe express in terms that are correct! WRT git... Git stores the data in its internal format (generally in a .git directory - generally via an 'add' and 'commit' operation). Once a 'file' is obtained (like 'pull' or 'fetch' operations); then the file is extracted from the internal format and reconstructed in its original form. With git, once you obtain the file in its original form; it now consumes additional STORAGE space on the 'drive'. This means that the file consumes more storage space (original form and internal form). Once the git database/repo is replicated or copied to a remote git server then it replicates the internal format onto the remote site or revision management. None of the above is rocket-surgery and it is provided in simple terms (almost plain language) on many sites. If Lima retains a 'database' form and a copy of the original form then the amount of STORAGE needed is greater than the actual document(s). This can be a good condition if one can recover the version and/or just see an abstraction of the file (like with a 'shortcut'). This allows for both undo and reduction of data by not keeping the data in its original form unless requested. if these operations are not provided then the internal format is purely redundant. If these two operations are not available then the internal format is likely a waste of STORAGE space. Now, if the overhead for maintaining remote versions is high (processing power or MEMORY usage) then the redundant data may be a preferred as compared to having the CPU go crazy or run out of RAM/MEMORY in recovering the internal format for remote operations (like syncing). "- Concerning the creation of a database: Lima works internally a little like git. As git, there is an internal database which stores files in its own format (see the hidden folder `.git`). As git, Lima works when you're offline, so a local database is obviously needed to store locally the file awaiting to be transferred to the Lima when offline. The files you put into your Lima drive are stored locally *until* they are on the Lima, then they are purged and decrease the used memory of the local storage. You can think about this local database like a cache which contains your important files, or files which are not yet on your Lima." So what your saying that, your add-on of a database folder into a local computer is going to be a null argument, or are you still planning on keeping the folder and doubling our data held on our local device/s? And not on our storage medium that is connected to the LIMA? "- Concerning the “insertion” of a database: It was always part of the product. How would it work offline without it? Lima implements a full file system. It is NOT a network file system like NFS, Samba. We are not a NAS. De facto, a file system needs a database to store the files. " Are you saying that the database is in the storage medium that is attached, or is it within the locally connected devices, this is a vague answer. "- Concerning the fact that Lima duplicates data: As said previously, it does not duplicate in the long term. It just stores the files to be transferred to the Lima. When done, the files are purged and the local memory is free-d. " Please see my previous question regarding why you even had to create a database in a local computer first? Why was this even implemented? Sounds like 1st year student work trying out new ideas till something fits. "- Concerning our “own format”, a lot of programs you use daily use custom format database. The program to export the file from your local database has not been released yet but that's something we need to do and that will arrive in the near future." I hope highly that this is on the top 5 priorities, as this is a feature that should be released with version 1.0 As a bonus: I would like a full release of all the functions that LIMA can do now compared to what was sold to us backers to back this. As well as what features you will be rolling out in some of the upcoming updates. Again, feel free not to answer these, and I'll simply email Severin at his personal email so that I can get a proper answer. OK I got the Lime device. Installed it on my laptop and moved all documents (24 GB) to the device. On restart it asked me to unintelligible and reinstall again. Guess what happens then. It tells you that it needs to delete all files. When sating no thanks and unplugging the La files can't be found on the hard drive. Shitty system. Who wants a Lima free of charge? It would be nice if there were a way for a poster to erase comments. Everything I wrote in my last two comments is true, but now thing have gotten truly weird. Unfortunately, I will not be able to post again for many hours. Bottom line for now is that things "sort of work in strange ways". Lima may be erasing some but not all of its temporary files. Film at 11. Okay, so I reinstalled Lima only to find what appears to be all 92GB of the files on the drive. I thought I'd erased them before uninstalling. Perhaps not. I just did a quicker test with 1 GB. The temporary files again were nor removed. I can almost live with this IF it's okay to erase the db folder manually. Can I safely purge it myself? I've been in contact with support. Lima was installed properly. The program (0.10) recognized that I had a 2TB drive attached. I tried transferring a music library of 92GB. Took >24h. The program hung claiming about 20GB transferred and another 72 awaiting transfer. It stayed that way for hours. I final had to uninstall Lima to free up the "temporary" storage. Apparently the lima got delivered the other day but my wife threw it away. She said there were already too many useless items laying around in the garage taking up space and she didn't want the Lima stinking up the place. @Scott: Putting valuable information about clients is almost universally intended to be Secure and often confidential. Use of a Beta quality product from verified unreviewed applications for storing such data is pretty much the opposite of these practices. <url>"SN:", "SN", "SN :", etc.. in every possible combination). Sorry CGC but if you're trying to run a beta the report tool is the first thing that should be the working! Austin, I'll GLADLY sell you mine for 50 bucks. I've opened the box only so much as to find the earbuds, everything else is still the same. You interested? If so, ping me at: chem_guy_99 @ Yahoo .com @Austin, I'd be delighted to sell you mine! Please email me at annmariej at gmail Same old, same old, installed Lima 0.10, great performance for the first 2 GB, then tried to copy several files from several sources, one being around 8 GB, Lima "vanished" and had to be switched off and on in order to be accessible, Lima preferences got stuck at "Sending 1 item", transfer speed is down to the kbit range. I am beginning to lose faith in you guys, these problems have been the same since version 0.8. Or am I doing something wrong here? Same old, same old, installed Lima 0.10, great performance for the first 2 GB, then tried to copy several files from several sources, one being around 8 GB, Lima "vanished" and had to be switched off and on in order to be accessible, Lima preferences got stuck at "Sending 1 item", transfer speed is down to the kbit range. I am beginning to lose faith in you guys, these problems have been the same since version 0.8. Or am I doing something wrong here? @The CGC team So you say we aren't "Beta Testers" and that it was a typo in the release email, but we got got another email today announcing the release of your new 0.9 BETA software Correct me if i am wrong, but doesn't the zero point number denote a BETA release? 0.1 beta 0.2 beta 0.3 beta 0.4 beta 0.5 beta 0.6 beta 0.7 beta 0.8 release? 0.9 back to beta 1.0 = future non-beta release! When do you guys think you will be out of Beta so I can attempt to use my device? O.o I'm in the market for another Lima. Will take one you guys don't want/can't get a refund for. @Darryl: If Lima had provided me with a pre-paid shipping label to return this package along with trusting me as much as I trusted them and refunded me ahead of time then I'd have a refund. However, they wanted me to trust them even further and lose even more money by personally paying for shipping this thing back and trust that they would refund me after they received it. I trusted these guys with my backers money and they repeatedly misstated what and when they'd deliver. Now, trust is as trust does... They evidently distrust to the level I should have trusted them. Prepayed shipping and prepayed refund or not at all. Oh... I have turned off notifications for this project and have unsubscribed from the Lima email (you know the one they sent out stating that they now have a new update to their 0.10 update via customeriomail.com. Ok - I see no other masochists that want to take this unopened package off my hands. So, 1) I still consider that I have not received the perk I backed with this project as what I backed did not need an application on the host and was a simple COTS device with some Python code that allowed it to share drive contents via the network 2) This package will go into ewaste. It is not what I backed and is verified untested for security holes. This project has had a series of misrepresentations and ongoing challenges that appear to be related to unskilled staff. If it were what I backed then I'd have visibility into what was done and I would not have to infect a good computer/phone with unneeded applications to allow network access to files on my drives. CGC has not instilled any trust in their scruples nor the results of their work so I'd be a fool to invest more time into this effort. So, the unopened package will be where untrustable devices belong... ewaste. No I cannot post to their facebook, I cannot even reply to their feeds, seems they blocked me from commenting, but I can still see their stuff in my feed. Though, every so often, they make a quip on Twitter regarding my posts, I had litterally 3-4 posts a day regarding the code and who will be auditing it, and if it were to be audited at all during the beta, etc. Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow" 116. Darryl (Refund Policy in the Q&A on backershub has no details. I went on to choose colour - could not. Then items delivered as I thought there was a stage two. Now refusing return and refund. 115. AnnMarie Johnson (req'd refund via KS messaging; told they wouldn't refund delivered products) 113. Gift of Gab( multiple emails send requesting a refund, but all were denied) 112. Michael DaSilva (Was offered refund, but box has to be unopened and you have to front shipping costs to France.) 111. KDB 110. leomaier 109. Albert Chung 108. C Schroeter 107. Richard A 106. Rasmus Andersen 105. Jakamoto 104. Ibon Azkoitia (<url>ébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>"reaping what you sow" 115. AnnMarie Johnson (req'd refund via KS messaging; told they wouldn't refund delivered products) 113. Gift of Gab( multiple emails send requesting a refund, but all were denied) 112. Michael DaSilva (Was offered refund, but box has to be unopened and you have to front shipping costs to France.) 111. KDB 110. leomaier 109. Albert Chung 108. C Schroeter 107. Richard A 106. Rasmus Andersen 105. Jakamoto 104. Ibon Azkoitia (<url>ébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>"With 0.10, that is not the case anymore. This feature makes sense when unification is enabled, but is painful with the Pioneer Kit, which is why we changed it in 0.10." @CGC WOW, so your saying, your back-up cloud solution is create a database on your main system, doubling the data your original drive holds while Lima only holds 1 version of it all? How is that a better solution to DropBox? only have to put my projects/files/etc into 1 folder or at least point DropBox in its direction and it syncs it, *GASP*. What DropBox does not do: Create a folder on my computer, where it then doubles my data by creating its own Database of the files in its own format in which I cannot pull data from it so that it can be convenient for the Lima storage device. Tell me when I'm wrong, because doubling my data on the drive I pull data from on my computer is not "user friendly". It is not extending my Lima drive, its killing my 2TB drive on my main computer. Your "insertion" of a database was not part of the the original marketing for this project. It seems your Core-Development team dropped the ball. Not once were we told: "hey, yeah, we are going to give you outside syncing, BUT with your main computer, we are creating a Database folder, and then doubling the data you put upon the Lima storage device unto the the drive you sent it from. Also, you cannot access the data while its in our own format because its 'convenient' for our program and not for the user who wants to pull the data-off if our LIMA product fails" Again, tell me where I am wrong in all of this. I'm on Lima & got it working & its working fine thank you! Never got it working for the installation...even with 0.10 version. How can it say Lima not found while I follow every steps in the troubleshooting page. Sent email to support team but still can't solve my problem yet. Lima is lying around there and cannot be used. Very frustrated. Is it the case that whenever the software is updated the Lima hard drive is going to have to be reloaded?!?!?! received! got it working today, so far so good When I click on the Lima program, I'm told a foreign drive is plugged in. Yet, when I started 0.10 up, the Lima window opened for drag and drop transfers. I seem to be transferring right now, albeit at a snail's pace. Is this one of those cases where 5 chunks of 20GB each transfer in total much faster than a single 100GB transfer? Just checking to see how everyone is doing with the new upgrade. Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow" 113. Gift of Gab( multiple emails send requesting a refund, but all were denied) 112. Michael DaSilva (Was offered refund, but box has to be unopened and you have to front shipping costs to France.) 111. KDB 110. leomaier 109. Albert Chung 108. C Schroeter 107. Richard A 106. Rasmus Andersen 105. Jakamoto 104. Ibon Azkoitia (<url>ébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>"Documents Music Movies Pictures" auto-folder creation. I'm sure that my grandmother still finds that setup useful, but the rest of the world has moved on. Looks like they are never getting out of beta. They don't know how to count. Its just looping. How do we go from .90 to .10? @creator What's a matter, you can't count? WTF? You are morons! Installed the first Lima on the mac and ipad tonight. Smooth and easy! Tested a few files. Will work on the second Lima later, then add mobile devices later as we get some test worthy mobiles. So far, so good! Hi, just install it on one PC. Has been rejected on my Windows Phone ! Need do do it on my Android Nexus Hello, I tried to contact anybody at lima but I got no response. My lima is not working, I think it's broken. What can I do? Please help me. Strapped in and ready to see where this goes! The install process was no probs on phone, Mac and PC, well done. Am looking forward to future updates that allow dragging while folders onto the USB drive direct from computer and then plugging in to Lima, rather than waiting for network transfer to set up. @Casey: In the response by CGC to me below, we are being promised a fix by Wednesday. My mistake. I just assumed that a flash drive would work. Carry on. The whole pitch of Lima is that you can have "unlimited" storage on your limited device. i.e. your 256GB SSD can hold 2TB of data via streaming from a USB HDD. However, now you have the file + the database copy of the file resident on the SSD. Lima does not "make your computer bigger" it makes it smaller. @CGC You said and showed in your Kickstarter video that we can use flash drives for storage. So is this yet another lie then? @CGC Why are you duplicating my data in your .database folder? Doubling the data stored on my drive in my computer, If I had not made that path to the secondary storage drive of my system, my SSD would be full and I would be thoroughly distraught. Again, Let me re-phrase this: Why must you duplicate data that already exists on the same drive? Because I am not risking a real harddrive when I can test a thumb drive with benchmark tests I did myself that are almost 8 times faster than the transfer rate of your device, time to start rebuilding and recompiling code there CGC #Limaisnotacloudorbackupsolution @CGC. Since the comments show refunds being issued, how do I arrange that? The two devices I received are unopened, and will never be opened by me. I have no use for these since I had to go with alternative devices as of about 6 months ago. Arrived yesterday. Installed today. Will let you know how it goes. Hello I don't have received my Lima ! I'm living in Belgium. Do you known when i will receive my Lima ? Can you help me ? Spiros great - its finally shipped, now I was charged 38 dollars in duty from the border for a product that is out dated and in beta... what a costly nightmare - to add insult to injury, dhl delivered it to their 3rd party depot that is 102km from my address and I am supposed to pick it up @CGC Even transferring to my usb drive that I using is 4 times the speed that the lima app/hardware can do. Please feel free, again, to lie to me telling me its my drive. The drive is fine, drive tests are highest of its kind, even though its a usb thumbdrive. @AnnMarie - There is no reason you should need tech skills. This project was for a finished product to go to manufacturing. You did not sign up to be a beta tester 2 years down the road. After seeing comments on here that people could get a refund by not opening the package, I did not open mine when it arrived (I had long ago no longer wanted it). I emailed, and was told that once it had shipped, I couldn't get a refund. I do not have the skills to do the beta testing that everyone else is doing/reporting. Ok, there it is : installed and running! I'm a happy Lima user :) The headphones have pretty decent base for ear buds. Finally got my Lima. on the plus side, it seems to exist and actually seems to work. I forgot to add, Not only that, you haven't told us where the cache is located on our main drives so now I have literally 1gb left on my HD space and I don't know how to free up my space because I don't know where the lima cache is located It's so dumb that Lima cache through the main drive. I have a SSD with little space to run apps and all the documents like music and whatnot is stored on another internal drive. Can't even transfer my files over to Lima to make them online.... how does that not come to mind when putting out a product? Even in beta. Can't even choose what drive to save it too, or whether or not it's immediately is going to be online or offline. REALLY!? @Terry @BrianS that Windows version support make sense, no? Because Lima version 0.1 comes after 0.9 Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow" 113. Gift of Gab( multiple emails send requesting a refund, but all were denied) 112. Michael DaSilva (Was offered refund, but box has to be unopened and you have to front shipping costs to France.) 111. KDB 110. leomaier 109. Albert Chung 108. C Schroeter 107. Richard A 106. Rasmus Andersen 105. Jakamoto 104. Ibon Azkoitia (<url>ébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>"Lima" has finally arrived. It was really worth waiting for it and makes me believe in succesful projects on "Kickstarter". :-) Anyone seen the upgrade that will allow Lima to be stopped from placing a backup file on the hard drive of the computer from which it was sent to Lima? i finalls received Lima! :-) I'm very happy and tested some stuff. I found that on a mobile device i can't sort the files at date, file-name... also at the moment it is not possible to delete files with the Lima App on Android. Hope so this will be made in the final version! :-) looking forward... @terry, Yeah, that was more surprised sarcasm. If you count Win8, Win8.1, and Win10 as "versions," then Win7 is already 4 versions old and in no way should be considered the latest. @BrianS maybe its windows 7.1 or 7 professional or 7 ultimate but not 8 or 8.1 or 10 or Linux The Android Authority price is quite the discount compared to the current Amazon price: <url>"trusted" source pick. Android authority just lost all credibility. my Lima is here..but need some troubleshooting :-) Anyone here who has transferred a considerable number of files without Lima hanging, vanishing and dying? My Lima's are finally here, its been 5 days and counting. Lima is here.... Made the mistake of erasing all of the files (so that I could start over) by plugging my lima drive directly into my computer. Now, Lima says that it doesn't recognize the drive and needs the one that was used to set up Lima. Hoping support will answer. @erick sauve, Lima claims that "feature" will be turned off in a future software update. In the meantime, if you right-click on a folder stored on the Lima device, you should be able to select something like "don't keep offline files" or something. It's been so long since I've had mine plugged in I can't remember the exact wording. Tried it on Windows, I assume OSX is similar. Who knows for certain? @Richard K, The only way to use the Lima device is to plug it in to an Ethernet port. Hi, I just submitted a support request through the website. I have two Lima's and it looks like will be unable to use them due to the fact that they seem to require a hard-wired connection to a router, which I don't have. The only thing I do have is a WiFi "puck" that provides for all my wifi needs, and only interface on that is a USB type charging/data port. I live in an RV and space is important to me, plus there's not much room to plug things in. Will patiently await word from Support. Am so far impressed by packaging at least, they really put a lot of thought into that! Just hope don't have expensive paperweights due to needing an ethernet port. Got it, within 15 minutes set it up. Okay, lets do a fun little walk-through, seems to me that it creates a database on the main harddrive...why the hell does it do this? its doubling the data on the drive. I only plugged in a 16gb usb thumb to test it, took 6 minutes to transfer 4mbs...Yeah, thinking 1gb of data would take at least 30 minutes if not more. I'm not impressed, sent bug reports, this so called "back-up/synchronization" Contact me by email support team and tell me how your going to fix the speed of this, sounds like your code is wonky as all hell. Finally got my Lima! Very disappointed with the working beta version right now though. It's basically missing it's biggest and most important feature: one file on all devices. Right now, it's like all the other services the website says it differs from. I guess i have to wait a little longer for the full version. @dim3m - Still here @erick -buy a different product Hi, I have limited space on my macbook air. What I need to do if I don't want lima so keep files (for offline viewing) in my macbook's SSD? thank you Erasing the files did not clean up the mess. Uninstalling Lima did. I see that this is supposed to be fixed in the next software update, due Monday. Here's hoping. Without a fix, I'm afraid CGC may face an avalanche of refund requests, open box or not. However, there is real potential here. I'm willing to stick with it if the problem *is* corrected in a Monday update. Richard's problem #1 MUST be solved quickly. It is ALL OF OUR problem! It d*mn near shut me down. I'm hoping that deleting the files from the Lima drive will fix things. Otherwise, I've got a really nasty cleanup ahead of me. Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow" 113. Gift of Gab( multiple emails send requesting a refund, but all were denied) 112. Michael DaSilva 111. KDB 110. leomaier 109. Albert Chung 108. C Schroeter 107. Richard A 106. Rasmus Andersen 105. Jakamoto 104. Ibon Azkoitia (<url>ébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>"Sending: 29341 items remaining"... and while this is happening, my 5k display won't go to sleep. Why is this happening? How come it needs to be "sending" these files? Lima, please fix your stuff quickly... because the "Uninstall Lima" software is getting VERY tempting right now. Received my Lima. See pros/cons below + a deeper explanation of how I'm trying to use Lima and the problem I'm experiencing that has caused me to stop using it. Pros: * professional packaging * decent build quality * free earbuds (though I didn't really need another pair) * desktop and android setup was easy enough Cons: * Kept receiving "disk space full" errors while attempting to transfer files from my extra HD in my desktop (2TB) to the external drive connected to my Lima (2TB) - I believe this is because my desktop SSD is nearly full, and for some reason Lima was absorbing space on my main SSD. * Can't find Lima desktop settings. I was looking for a way to adjust the location where Lima was storing files locally while transfering to the Lima drive (see previous con) * Android app refresh seemed slow, couldn't find a refresh option ~ Not sure if any of the above cons make sense, but here's some more details for the Lima folks as to what I'm trying to do: Destop has 120GB SSD + 2TB HD Lima is connected to an external 2TB HD (NTFS) I'd like to COPY all files from my desktop 2TB drive to the Lima 2TB drive, but I keep receiving the "Hard drive is full" error while attempting to transfer files, even though the Lima drive is far from full (20GB used out of 2TB total). Ultimately, I gave up and stopped using the Lima. Would love to see this issue fixed - or receive an explanation as to what I'm doing wrong. My Lima was sent and luckily didn't reach my door due to (not so good working) parcel service. Refund request was finally granted after several requests in the comments section and my Lima was sent back from the warehouse. Well, I wish you all good luck with testing this "beta" product which may(!!) have parts of the promised functionality which was supposed to be delivered 2013 by the end of this year... maybe. A big thank you for all the critical voices here (like KC, fmotta, Casey and others) always questioning the marketing blabla:) It'll be fun watching what happens to this product and the CGC... Keep your data safe! Well, got 2 Limas. Unopened (no intention of ever even opening the boxes. Anybody interested in them? Otherwise I'll probably just try to sell them on Amazon. Device sent ... and never received, the package wasn't sent with a signature required... It seems that Lima has changed their mind again - even unopened devices are no longer eligible for refunds. Lima sure does not have a lot of faith that they will be able to sell these devices now that their scam has been uncovered. P.S. The complaints were never about the device - there was none to complain about for 2 years. The complaints were about your continual pushing of deadlines, the continual change in product specs, the continual lack of direct communication and your continual insistence that there was no basis for a refund. So, now that I received the package, opened it, and tried it, finding it woefully inadequate, you claim that I should understand. Can you show me where you announced that refunds would be available for shipped products that were unopened? Are you willing to state a return policy for new orders? If I order another one on Amazon will I be able to return it? Will Amazon require that returns be unopened? Here is the latest regarding my continuing request for a refund where I was finally offered a refund but only after I had been shipped and had opened the package. <<< Received from Lima >>> On 8/6/2015 12:24 AM, Cécile Bou Farres wrote: > Hello Michael, > Unfortunately we're still unable to refund a Lima that has already been opened and touched. > As mentioned in the first mail you received about it: "Note that giving this possibility is not a Kickstarter obligation unless project creators abandon the project or are unable to complete it - which is not our case." > We were already making an offer to refund, on an exceptional basis, a very few people who had already been delivered. We had only one condition though, which should have been quite easy for people who didn't want to use their Lima, especially after complaining so much about that device: that the box is still untouched. > Since the retail price of a Lima is 149$, refunding one that has already been opened and that cannot be sold to another customer is impossible. > I hope you'll be able to understand our situation and I promise we'll try our best to improve your Lima's experience. But I'm still in incapacity to refund your Lima. > All the best, > Cécile for the Lima Team <<< My reply >>> Hello, You have steadfastly refused to offer any refund for over 2 years, but after you ship the product at a BETA level no less that does not work with the reliability and functionality required of a file storage system, and you DO NOT NOTIFY me immediately that a refund is possible before the product arrives in my mailbox, and you put unreal conditions on the product's return and you expect me to just understand YOUR situation? If you have no capacity to stand behind your product or your company, I do not have any other comment except that I will continue to provide an honest review of your product and company where possible. Sincerely, Michael D. <<< Earlier thread >>> The following is an email thread regarding a refund request I submitted long ago but only got acknowledged when I added my name to the refund list within these comments. Apparently, according to Lima, once you open the package you are not eligible for a refund. Draw your own conclusions about this company. <<<< Email offer of refund >>>> On 8/3/2015 4:14 PM, Penelope Liot wrote: > Hello, > > You stated that you want a refund on our Kickstarter wall. > > We haven't offered refunds so far because the Kickstarter money was used to produce the Lima devices and finish helping the Lima product come to life. We couldn't take the risk of financially endangering the project by offering refunds. Note that giving this possibility is not a Kickstarter obligation unless project creators abandon the project or are unable to complete it - which is not our case. > > However, it has never been our goal to annoy you and keep your money for the sake of keeping it. Now that we're shipping and that preorders are taking off, we'd like to offer you a refund if you still want one. > > If you do, please send back your Lima device(s) untouched in their box(es) to the following address: > > Cecile - Lima Technology, > > 10 rue de la Victoire, 75009 > > Paris, France > > Please also give us your Paypal address so that we can send your money back once we have received your package. Please also send us the receipt for the cost of shipping the device back to us. > > Sincerely, > > The Lima team > <<< Email reply from me to Lima on receipt of their refund offer. >>>> Hello, It would have been much more respectful if you had sent a refund when I requested one over a year ago, and certainly anytime before you shipped me the product. But since I have opened the box to give it an honest try, even though I have been absolutely disappointed in your company, it would now seem that a refund is not possible. So, in order to save us all alot of time and extra effort, why don't you just issue the refund and I will promise to destroy your product and never use it. I will gladly supply photo proof of such destruction. I really do not want to front the shipping cost, it would make more sense for you to send me a prepaid UPS or FedEx or DHL return label or envelope to make the return easier. Why don't you have a US based customer service location? It would make much more sense to ship it back to your US warehouse than all the way to France. I just find your suggestion to ship to France and the requirement to not have opened the package a further example of your company's disingenuous operations and policies. Sincerely, Michael DaSilva <<< Response from Lima >>> On 8/5/2015 10:51 AM, Cécile Bou Farres wrote: > Hello Michael, > > Our policy hasn't changed concerning the Limas which have already been opened and touched. > > Best regards, > > Cécile for the Lima Team <<< My last response >>> Hello, That is very unfortunate. First you refuse a legitimate refund request. Then you ship me the incredibly late and essentially defective substandard product with no return policy. So, I open the product to see if I can do anything useful with it and conclude that it does not fulfill its advertised capabilities. You then decide that a refund is appropriate but send me the notification too late and require that I don't open the package. And you have the audacity to ask me to front overseas shipping costs in order to return it. Unless your policy is changed and you issue me a refund immediately, I will post my email exchanges with you to the Kickstarter comments section. Still trying, Software not work on the Windows 10 is a problem. And it should direct to see the USB drive content but create 3 new folders, so weird! People want to access the same USB drive from different places. Got it, but not 100% happy with it and how it works. I've dropped some files from one computer to Lima, then I was able to open them from a different laptop, but when I turn off the main computer the file is not accessible anymore. I don't want to have my old pc all the time on, in that case I would have share a folder on the net. I bought a 2T hdd just for Lima in order to free space on my PC, not to only have a backup. @The CGC Team: It's more that I just haven't tried using it outside of my home yet. I'll get around to it eventually. Lima recommends to plug in external harddrive all the time. What happens if we switch off Lima (power failure or other situations?) also what happens if external harddrive is disconnected and reconnected? If external hardrive is switched on for years will it corrupt or reduce efficieny of the drive over the period of time? I think it will be useful if Lima automatically switchoff the external harddrive when IO is not happening, Lima should act as intermeidatory and efficiently power off the drive and reconnect it as needed...as 50%+ time there is no need to power the external harddrive. Lima is a great cloud replacement solution but I believe it is not 100% reliable solution to give 100% gaurentee that files won't be corrupted or lost over the time, it should provide offline backup solution option to backup Lima once in a week...so that there will be LIVE disk and offline disk which is enabled during weekly/monthly/daily backup (configurable option), so that more reliability is added (ofcourse this reliability option is optional additional harddrive, these days 2TB harddrive can be purchased for less than 100 bucks, as a cloud alternative, it should cover reliability in future i think) Aha! I have it. Reference teething troubles earlier - copy and remove offline does it. Since my music (for example) resides on a different HD Lima doesn't see it so I can remove offline and it just releases the space on my SSD. Got around 200GB of music so I'll have to do it in stages. Interesting. Going to start plugging in my ipad and macs next. I was given a line of bull crap about their return policy as well, Michael. I gave up some time back, though, rather than following up on it again. Thanks for posting the warning. I have, however, made sure to review it on Amazon, and I suggest you do the same. I am selling these as fast as I can. No way in hell I am putting my data on this pile of shit. Posted on amazing too. You should do the same. Worst product ever The following is an email thread regarding a refund request I submitted long ago but only got acknowledged when I added my name to the refund list within these comments. Apparently, according to Lima, once you open the package you are not eligible for a refund. Draw your own conclusions about this company. <<<< Email offer of refund >>>> On 8/3/2015 4:14 PM, Penelope Liot wrote: > Hello, > > You stated that you want a refund on our Kickstarter wall. > > We haven't offered refunds so far because the Kickstarter money was used to produce the Lima devices and finish helping the Lima product come to life. We couldn't take the risk of financially endangering the project by offering refunds. Note that giving this possibility is not a Kickstarter obligation unless project creators abandon the project or are unable to complete it - which is not our case. > > However, it has never been our goal to annoy you and keep your money for the sake of keeping it. Now that we're shipping and that preorders are taking off, we'd like to offer you a refund if you still want one. > > If you do, please send back your Lima device(s) untouched in their box(es) to the following address: > > Cecile - Lima Technology, > > 10 rue de la Victoire, 75009 > > Paris, France > > Please also give us your Paypal address so that we can send your money back once we have received your package. Please also send us the receipt for the cost of shipping the device back to us. > > Sincerely, > > The Lima team > <<< Email reply from me to Lima on receipt of their refund offer. >>>> Hello, It would have been much more respectful if you had sent a refund when I requested one over a year ago, and certainly anytime before you shipped me the product. But since I have opened the box to give it an honest try, even though I have been absolutely disappointed in your company, it would now seem that a refund is not possible. So, in order to save us all alot of time and extra effort, why don't you just issue the refund and I will promise to destroy your product and never use it. I will gladly supply photo proof of such destruction. I really do not want to front the shipping cost, it would make more sense for you to send me a prepaid UPS or FedEx or DHL return label or envelope to make the return easier. Why don't you have a US based customer service location? It would make much more sense to ship it back to your US warehouse than all the way to France. I just find your suggestion to ship to France and the requirement to not have opened the package a further example of your company's disingenuous operations and policies. Sincerely, Michael DaSilva <<< Response from Lima >>> On 8/5/2015 10:51 AM, Cécile Bou Farres wrote: > Hello Michael, > > Our policy hasn't changed concerning the Limas which have already been opened and touched. > > Best regards, > > Cécile for the Lima Team <<< My last response >>> Hello, That is very unfortunate. First you refuse a legitimate refund request. Then you ship me the incredibly late and essentially defective substandard product with no return policy. So, I open the product to see if I can do anything useful with it and conclude that it does not fulfill its advertised capabilities. You then decide that a refund is appropriate but send me the notification too late and require that I don't open the package. And you have the audacity to ask me to front overseas shipping costs in order to return it. Unless your policy is changed and you issue me a refund immediately, I will post my email exchanges with you to the Kickstarter comments section. Sincerely, Michael DaSilva @Jannik: at the moment Lima is not compatible with El Captain <url>"this is still a beta"....really when will this beta end ? 1 of 2 Limas up and running for me too. I am surprised by how fast files transfer onto the Lima HDD since I believe it is using USB 2.0 tech. I have had trouble with my pictures on my iPhone 5 iOS 8.3 phone. It's moved some of them but seems to keep crashing or just stops uploading. It is also sitting without the ability to look at files sometimes and I have to shut the program down multiple times to get that ability back. I can still go into the settings though. So far though, I am enjoying this and look forward to trying to work with it outside my home network. Not sure when that will be available though. 1 of 2 Limas up and running on android 5.0 and windows 10. So far everything is working pretty well. Outstanding packaging and quality components; particularly like the shielded ethernet cable. Thanks Team Lima! Lima, interface is real nice...setup works as it guides steps...but if you can reduce steps for mass audience that would be good... Lima is a private dropbox, I got 2TB disk and mapped Lima, i still need to explore if i can share the files over the web to outside users... but the concept is good...but long way to go... @Fellow Backers I have received my package. After reading all the pros and cons I'm at a loss as to what I should do with it. If I'm understanding correctly if I install this device along with its software all my files will be renamed and will be unusable to me unless using the Lima software? What other cons are there to this device? Of those of you who have braved to try it at the expense of losing data, what do you recommend? Install and enjoy? Wait until software is fixed? Or throw away in the trash? A suggestion for dispensation of the Package from CGC was to put it onto Ebay or the like. I consider doing that to some unsuspecting person like selling hacked Thunderbolt devices with an exploit... the recipient is likely to think that they are receiving a viable/functional/usable item. I would not do this to an innocent. However, if another backer were to get the package from me then they have a chance of being aware of what they purchased and manage it with the appropriate care (maybe open it up and hack it into something good). So, I think it'd be unkind to send the package someone other than a KS backer. (Note: Although I may have misused the term 'Lima' in reference to the package I have I am aware that the package is not what I backed and thus us not the reward I was told I'd get when I backed this project). "we'd like to keep the filetree as it looks on the client in a near future. We’ll keep you updated when this feature arrives." Filetree appearance is not the same as native file format. Are you planning on making the contents of Lima drives readable without Lima software or not? I just received an email stating that I can return my Lima for a refund. So, lets evaluate the financial intelligence of this: a. Cost of shipping a tracked package to France vs b. Throwing the junk in the trash With option 'a' I can pay twice (backing this project and shipping) on the 'trust' that CGC will refund my pledge (based on the history only a fool would trust CGC). With option 'b' I can trust that the ewaste will cost me nothing more and be done losing money to this project. Hmmm... just found out that if i plug the hard disk to a computer it doesn´t recognize any files on it. it a huge deal breaker for me. is this gonna be always like this or do you plan on future to make normal file access again? thank you Been using Lima for a few days now and set it up as my backup drive. It works most of the time but sometimes (just sometimes), my backup software can't find the drive (or report it as full) after I wake up my Win7 64x PC from sleep. Also, I ran into some trouble updating the software to version 0.9.3, specifically, I got an access denied error for the files msvcp120.dll, msvcr120.dll and limaoverlays.dll. I end up booting my PC in safe mode, uninstall 0.9.2 and reinstall 0.9.3. Please fix that. .................................Breaking News......................... a friend just gave me a windows 7 PC ............so i can setup this Plug/Lima stay tuned for more on the Breaking News story........ Unless I read some comment that states that someone wants to throw good money after bad and makes an offer for my unopened package from Lima then...When I return home next week I will dispose of the unopened package I received from Lima unceremoniously into the ewaste as it is evident that the readers of this section appear to be sharp enough not to want whatever is in the package (not the item I backed based on the descriptions from users and CGC for the past year). This project started out as a simple hack on COTS hardware and no need for any application on other devices. It seems it fraudulently changed to something that I did not back after my pledge was unreturnable. From the description of what is being delivered (and probably in the package at my place) requires far more trust than I would have given the CGC team. That is more trust than I'd have given them before they started their cycle of misrepresentations and non-communication. Well it arrived, the packaging is fantastic and it's nice to have a mention on the box it's the first batch. Headphones were a nice surprise too. Power supply design is great, very resource saving (clip on UK adapter and slide out earth pin). Only thing I would change is the PSU in black to match my black and blue Lima and a micro USB connector over the jack plug so I could use any suitable phone/tablet charger but I can understand why you may want to make sure the correct rating PSU is used. Well my Lima is about to arrive in about 30 minutes. I am probably going to sell it on without even opening it as I now have a FreeNAS server. I think the concept is brilliant and this is why I backed it and I hope it really works for those it's suitable for. The only saving grace that might make me keep it is if it can be set to back up to a cloud/server (ie my freeNAS) as was originally planned IIRC. I have asked this before and the reply was that it was not possible yet so any news on this? Thanks Well its that day here in Ireland....my Plugs/Limas arrived in the post at 12.19 am so what do i do ? set one up and test it on a Linux PC...No ..not yet ,,,,and still no date on when i can do this set up on a windows 7 PC at a friends house ...maybe tomorrow or go on Amazon and write a review about how they send me something a year and a half late and i cant use with my Linux PC what do i do ? @cgc I want the refund email as well. I'm #19 on the list... got mine..paid another 40$ vat.. dohh so expensive... Got mine today, shall see how well it all works. So far all seems good, install was easy enough on my PC and android devices. They went from beta .9 (9/10ths) going to .10 (1/10th) and .11(11/100ths)? .....and your trusting them with coding and your data? Lol As per Severin's email to me: "Hey Casey, My answers: When will there be support for Linux? -> Our developers are now working on it so the CLI client should arrive soon. Other Android versions pre 4.0? -> No. When will you support back-up for current drives with files on them? -> It's on our to-do and will arrive soon but we don't know yet in which sprint we'll work on it. See what has been prioritized for the next versions in our weekly update: <url>" Thanks for finally shipping the Lima! Sadly since my initial order I've bought and configured a NAS for my home network so sadly it's all but useless for me now. But I'm glad to see that a Kickstarter that I've backed has actually delivered its product! @Penelope - Your company HAS astroturfed, which DOES destroy your credibility. Its on you, not us. Lima arrived with headphones as a pleasant surprise! I'm amazed astroturfing hasn't been mentioned on Amazon yet, lots of self control ;-) Don't worry Clemens, Severin is so busy astro-turfing the Amazon reviews he has yet to answer my real technical questions I emailed to him. so I See Nr.96 in the list of backers wanting a refund got refunded... but me being Nr.95 have not. And I didn't even get a email offering me refund. No, I did not receive the device. What's up CGC? Can I get some answer? Or do I have to repost my question (which gets ignored again and again) again and again? @ The CGC Team Please issue the refund, since you are not shipping me the device Set up was fairly easy. Needed to reboot the Lima once, seems to work now with a 5Tb drive. I look forward to the finished and fully featured software. Refund received for two Limas-Good Luck All. May your data be safe with Lima. @CGC So even tho my name is on the list (#29) for refunds, and Iv'e been asking many times, even going so far as to state that "I'll wait however long" for said refund. You swept me away with "we cannot refund your pledge" and "I really hope you can understand that and you'll be able in the end to enjoy your Lima" to basically say no luck take the device its your only option. To which I did. Then you started giving refunds. So I questioned you and got "unable to refund a product that has already been shipped". That's nice of you. But here's the thing I haven't accepted the package so technically you should take it back (RMA or 'return to sender') and REFUND me. I got mine delivered today. It came in a paper envelope without any materials to protect the box (Bubble wrap etc). Unfortunately, it got totally smashed flat during international shipment (DHL). Can I get a replacement? And if so how to go about? Thanks for understanding. Just got it today, after a 2 years wait. Let's see what it does. I am expecting it to be a bit buggy, after all this is a kickstarter project. I cant review it on Amazon, I never bought anything from amazon before. @CGC I'm still waiting on my refund (#29 on list) I have received my LIMA (unopened package) and plan to return, if you would only answer my emails with instructions. They are on Amazon.com now. Feel free to review it. I am. If this is "something new" to you then you don't get out much. One of the single most irritating things to me is that they removed the LED light. I am glad that you're cool with it. Not everyone else is though. They sold us the world and delivered Detroit. No single feature or combination of features is unique to Lima. Sorry, they are not building something new at all. They are simply reinventing the wheel, -with bumps and corners on it. @Truls Vian If you argument is, I have a sandwich, therefore you are not hungry, your argument is invalid. <url>"brain" for all our critical files?! Because, you know...being able to read your files in native format should be WAY lower on the dev tree than integrating a media player into a storage system. Amirite? They have embedded vlc as the media player, until vlc fixes or different player is used you won't get mkv files to play Not a fashionable thing to say but Lima is working for me. Whilst I've adopted cloud since backing. This project this solution does enable simpler transfer of larger files at LAN speed. The app on my Mac crashes a bit but overall it's fine. I'm also not seeing the overheating being highlighted on here and I like the headphones. I accept becoming a kickstarter backer is not like a regular purchase, so am I bothered by being a beta tester, not really. It almost does the job I backed it to do, just wish it was directly compatible with WD media streamers and played MKV files. I hope to see those features in future releases. LOL, CGC can get nothing right. From their Amazon page: Describe your product in 3 words. "Effortless & happy storage" -That's four words, you dork. Some serious astroturfing going on over at Amazon Freshly formatted drive. Excited to get my Lima and get started!! However... I don't access the Internet through a router- I hotspot through my phone... I have a router for an in house network but it doesn't touch the outside world. Will this device not work for me? I thought the point of this was to connect my all my devices without the need for the Internet? Refund!!! you can buy it on amazon ... my are on the way in Dublin so i should have it on Tuesday.... <url>#customerReviews its time to let the reviews flow...... Left another Email with Severin, regarding the questions I presented. If he cannot answer these in a timely manner, I am more than willing to keep throwing emails, especially to Amazon, regarding TOS violations on the Kickstarter platform. Legitimate backers want answers to real, tech detailed, questions. So i have tested the Lima for a day now and I must say I'm impressed with it so far. I NTFS formatted a 2TB drive and it just worked right out of the box, shows up and plays almost all file formats on both my android devices and works beautifully on the computer running Windows 10. I never got a SMS with the link for the program, but i got the link on email and it worked just fine from there. And thanks for the earbuds, they look nice=) Scott, was the drive empty when connected? Lima doesn't like disks with data on it (not linked to the team just giving info based on what CGC have said before) So why when the Lima is connected on the network to a 2tb drive does it say 94.1gb free of 446gb but when I plug it into my pc it says 1.81tb of 1.81tb? Where did 1.5tb of the drive go and why has it used used 350gb when I only have 500mb on the Lima? I am sure their math skills are as good as their project management skills. WTF?! JUST REFUND NOW Still waiting on refund... I just read report here an over there: <url>ão: Estou notando que o HD fica constantemente lendo, causando aquecimento. Acho interessante o Lima ser capaz de fazer o HD ficar inativo e no momento que se acessa os dados ele acorda. EN-US As I am not a developer and have no programming skills, I will relate the points that I consider important. About delivery: The package was sent to my residence in Brazil via DHL. It was very fast, received today in just five days. Unfortunately the tax was expensive R $ 270.00. About the product: The package is beautifully finished, and very good quality. The Lima and accessories are also of good quality. About the installation: I have a MacBook Pro and found a very easy installation. Just make a suggestion: tell a clearer way (in the installation window, for example) on the requirements of the external HD as the need to be formatted. A brief experience report: I set up a 500GB in Lima. Transfer some files, especially photos, until then everything working well. But when transferring a movie and the legend (1,04GB) was confused as to the time that 100% of the file is actually found in Lima. Some suggestions: The OSX as the WIndows the app should have more detailed options and more control over the devices and hard drives connected to the account. I find it important that when you disconnect the HDD Lima is possible to access files transferred via Lima, plugging the drive to the computer. It is interesting to have an option to reset the Lima and reconfigure it. I think we lacked LED activity indicators in Lima. I understand that the system is in Beta stage and there is much to improve, but my opinion is that the system idea is very good and cheaper than a NAS system and I look forward for new updates. PT-BR Como não sou desenvolvedor e não tenho habilidades de programação, vou relatar os pontos que julgo importante. Sobre a entrega: O pacote foi enviado para a minha residencia, no Brasil, via DHL. Foi muito rápido, recebi hoje em apenas 5 dias. Infelizmente o imposto foi caro, R$270,00. Sobre o produto: O pacote é muito bem acabado, e a qualidade muito boa. O Lima e os acessórios também são de boa qualidade. Sobre a instalação: Tenho um MacBook Pro e achei a instalação muito fácil. Apenas faria uma sugestão: informar de uma maneira mais clara (na janela de instalação, por exemplo) sobre as exigencias do HD externo, como a necessidade de estar formatado. Um breve relato de experiencia: Configurei um HD de 500GB no Lima. Transferi alguns arquivos, principalmente fotos, até então tudo funcionando bem. Porém quando transferi um filme e a legenda (1,04GB) fiquei confuso quanto a hora que 100% do arquivo se encontrava efetivamente no Lima. Algumas sugestões: O app do OSX quanto do WIndows devem ter opções mais detalhadas e maior controle sobre os dispositivos e os HDs conectados na conta. Acho importante que ao desconectar o HD do Lima seja possivel acessar os arquivos, transferidos via Lima, plugando o HD no computador. É interessante ter uma opcão de resetar o Lima e reconfigurá-lo. Acho que faltaram LEDs indicadores de atividade no Lima. Entendo que o sistema se encontra em fase Beta e há muito o que melhorar, mas minha opinião é o que a ideia do sistema é muito boa e mais barata que um sistema NAS e estou ansioso pelas novas atualizações. Anyone wants to buy Lima from me? Have 2 Just arrived. Plugged in. Configured. Copied one file. Sweet. Copied 248,000 files - it seems to have melted down and quit. Not a happy camper. @ The CGC Team Please issue the refund, since you are not shipping me the device @CGC Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow" 113. Gift of Gab( multiple emails send requesting a refund, but all were denied) 112. Michael DaSilva 111. KDB 110. leomaier 109. Albert Chung 108. C Schroeter 107. Richard A 106. Rasmus Andersen 105. Jakamoto 104. Ibon Azkoitia (<url>ébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>"Note that Lima is thought for a single person only." In the project description it says: "Share confidential folders with your colleagues" Additionally the description states "By buying several Limas, you can backup your data transparently in multiple locations." How does this work? What happens if I delete on file from my PC? Will it be deleted on all Limas? That wouldn't be a backup. Since the product is far from what you promised, I'm asking you for a refund. Hello guys, just letting you know that after replying to the refund email, I had notification from PayPal of receiving 79.00, -2.59 a Paypal transaction fee, for a total of 76.41. CGC also sent an email letting me know when they had sent it. Thank you CGC for sending the money back. To happy backers, I hope you enjoy your Lima. To unhappy backers, I hope you can get a resolution like I was able to. @CGC Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow" 112. Michael DaSilva 111. KDB 110. leomaier 109. Albert Chung 108. C Schroeter 107. Richard A 106. Rasmus Andersen 105. Jakamoto 104. Ibon Azkoitia (<url>ébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>é ! Enfin ! Je reviendrai après mes premiers essais... À suivre !!! Hi Carmen, you are really doing a good job. You stay polite under difficult circumstances, and you are explaining things. You are not responsible for the mess your company has produced. I understand now that it was wrong to trust the promises that were made and now I have to pay for my naivety. Sometimes you can´t keep a promise, but then, if their is some decency, you take the responsibility for your failure In this case it would have been: we couln´t deliver as promised, neither the time frame, nor the product, and if you want to , you can get back your money. I never wanted to beta test Lima. And there was no talk about this when the campaign was introduced. I wanted a working finished product. Now it's not working. It's not finished. And it doesn't do what was promised. I feel betrayed. From the campaign page : Install Lima, and your devices will start storing all of their content in this common memory, at Home. It’s fairly easy: just connect Lima to your Home Internet and connect a USB drive to Lima. Install the Lima app on all your devices, and you’re good to go. But if you want to backup your files in multiple locations, it's also possible and as easy at it can get. If you care about your privacy, you can easily replicate your content over several Limas. You can install one Lima in your home and one in your office, for example. Your Limas will automatically work together to replicate your content. Two Limas are enough. But with each Lima you buy, your data gets more secure and also faster to access. If some of your friends have Lima, you can also ask your Limas to back up each other's content. Your data is encrypted, so your friends will not be able to read it. There's no dedicated folder where you have to move your files into. All your files are on Lima, from the files on your Desktop to the files in your Movies folder. So you don't need to copy and move your files around anymore : just let them where they always have been, they're already on your other devices. I am sure that you know better about the quality of the product you have to represent than I do. All the best leomaier @CGC Will I be getting an RMA? or do I just refuse mail as 'return to sender'? Carmen (Lima Help Center) Jul 31, 19:07 Hi leomaier I am really sorry for the inconvenience. Unfortunately we can't refund your pledge now. This is a Kickstarter project and we are still under development. The Kickstarted backers that have received a refund haven't received or used their Lima devices. As a backer, we don’t hold you as a classic consumer waiting for a product he ordered. You took part of a great and innovating adventure by funding us. We also need your support during this stage. I'm really sorry but I still can't refund your pledge. Our Team is working to develop some missing features. We do apologize for not meeting your expectations. We are willing to help you to solve the issues you are facing. Be sure that you will have all the support you need from us but as previously mentioned we can't refund Limas already delivered to backers. I remain available if needed. Best, ... the Lima Team @CGC Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow" 112. Michael DaSilva 111. KDB 110. leomaier 109. Albert Chung 108. C Schroeter 107. Richard A 106. Rasmus Andersen 105. Jakamoto 104. Ibon Azkoitia (<url>ébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>ébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>#40 on list). Good luck to those who are sticking with this project. Whatever "Lima" is today, it's simply NOT the product nor "Nearly Complete" pitch I originally signed up for. I look forward to reading the wrath spilling over to the Amazon Reviews page. So got this Lima product after waiting since what feels like my childhood... Impressions: Nice package, nice earphones, okay-looking Lima! Connected it and tried to set it up. The device configured okay, but the setup proces wasn't exactly scaled for large resolution screens. Adding a mobile (android) device failed - no sms ever arrived. Then tried to throw a couple of files onto the Lima - worked good (fairly speedy, but it is also connected via a serious full 1 gbps, which unfortunately Lima with it's 1992-hardware fails to take advantage of). Well the files got transferred (some 46 mb/s) and then onto connecting another pc over the same network... and that was a mistake!!! Spent several minutes worrying about why the new pc couldn't see the bloody Lima device... well, there was an answer. Apparently the Lima device had overcooked itself - heated too much. Still activity on the network cable (easy to spot - even in a 48-bit switch - being the only port using the dated 100 mbit), still power to the harddisk, but no life in Lima. Then gave it 45 minutes without power and it came back to life... for about seven minutes! As I care for my files and their integrity I simply choose to keep them on my dual-NAS setup and use the Lima for cooking Marshmellows instead - Bon Appetite! So in conclusion: A good-looking hardware for cooking marshmellows on a 1992-styled network :) I just got my Lima right this moment. When I saw it came from Lima, I wanted to throw it away or just put it in eBay and sell it. That is how much I hate this project since backing it. Well just as I open up the white package to take pictures for eBay. To my surprise, they include a Free Ear Phones w/ Wood accent, then I saw my White / Blue Lima. It does look very nice, I'm not sure if I will still keep it or just sell it. 1st impression with the Lima is it looks good and thanks for the free ear phones. Once I get over hating Lima for this long wait, I will decided the fate of this Lima, either I keep it or eBay it goes. @CGC am I to assume your working your way up the list for refunds? And I have shown patience and tolerance until now. I am just dissapointed I would be ashamed of myself to deliver work like this. And then to keep the money. I can't believe this Correction I prefer to use my time to do other things than being a beta tester for a product I lost faith in My Lima / Plug is on the way.. No news on the Linus support yet ..i will try them out on a... windows 7 ultimate ...64 bit operating system PC ...and see if i can connect to it android tablet From the campaign page : . Install Lima, and your devices will start storing all of their content in this common memory, at Home. It’s fairly easy: just connect Lima to your Home Internet and connect a USB drive to Lima. Install the Lima app on all your devices, and you’re good to go. The installation process was frustrating in my case. After partial successes I decided not to go on. I prefer to use my time to do other things than being a beta tester I lost faith in CGC made good on my full refund. Good luck to all of you. From the campaign page: But if you want to backup your files in multiple locations, it's also possible and as easy at it can get. If you care about your privacy, you can easily replicate your content over several Limas. You can install one Lima in your home and one in your office, for example. Your Limas will automatically work together to replicate your content. Two Limas are enough. But with each Lima you buy, your data gets more secure and also faster to access. If some of your friends have Lima, you can also ask your Limas to back up each other's content. Your data is encrypted, so your friends will not be able to read it. Not working this way. From the campaign page: There's no dedicated folder where you have to move your files into. All your files are on Lima, from the files on your Desktop to the files in your Movies folder. So you don't need to copy and move your files around anymore : just let them where they always have been, they're already on your other devices. Not working this way just got a notification of an update. updated, kills my explorer.exe process, had to manually resart it, see that the update failed, tried again, tells me to reboot, and install from scratch. after install i see that the L: drive was empty. start writing this post very angry, but during the process , the files were there. maybe because i have other pc with lima, i don't know. people please push updates that are more user friendly. I never wanted to beta test Lima. I wanted a working finished product. Now it's not working. It's not finished. And it doesn't do what was promised. I feel betrayed. And they tell me there is no refund. 111. KDB 110. leomaier 109. Albert Chung 108. C Schroeter 107. Richard A 106. Rasmus Andersen 105. Jakamoto 104. Ibon Azkoitia (<url>ébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>"because they don't understand Kickstarter," then God help you. Keep your wits about you, and at the very least you should demand answers to reasonable questions. For those of you who helped bring this refund option about. Hats off to you, and its been a pleasure. @CGC I received my Lima device yesterday, but when I plug it in and run the set up I keep getting Lima not found. I have done the trouble shooting that you suggest without any luck. I have tried several times to open a case using your support page, but when I submit the case the page just refreshes and doesn't do anything or give me any kind of confirmation or error message. Please assist. thank you @CGC Thanks for the partial refund. Please refund the full amount I pledged. Even if it were a matter of a few cents, I would still want the full amount refunded to me. You must understand you did not deliver/produce what you promised, therefore you are not entitled to any bit of my money. Please refund the full amount. Other promise not working: We made storage as simple as it can be Lima is a small adapter that acts like the brain of your devices. It enables you to transform your old USB drives into a special memory, common to your smartphone, tablet and computers. Install Lima, and your devices will start storing all of their content in this common memory, at Home. It’s fairly easy: just connect Lima to your Home Internet and connect a USB drive to Lima. Install the Lima app on all your devices, and you’re good to go. One of the unkept promises: And about remote backup ? Lima already backs up your files at Home. But if you want to backup your files in multiple locations, it's also possible and as easy at it can get. If you care about your privacy, you can easily replicate your content over several Limas. You can install one Lima in your home and one in your office, for example. Your Limas will automatically work together to replicate your content. Two Limas are enough. But with each Lima you buy, your data gets more secure and also faster to access. If some of your friends have Lima, you can also ask your Limas to back up each other's content. Your data is encrypted, so your friends will not be able to read it. I have a question. What is the LimaDatabase folder? I am in the process of moving approximately 140 GB of documents and files to my Lima, but I noticed that the LimaDatabase folder on the drive I was moving files from now has 140 GB of files in it. Will this folder always have the same capacity of my Lima drive? Or will this be something that is fixed later on? This user's account has been deleted. I got this mail. Thanks for your message and your feedback. At this stage, your support is really important since it allowed us to make all the required investments. Unfortunately we can't refund your pledge now as, as initially planned, funds were used for production and development process. We are now shipping the Lima devices to all our backers. Lima is an ambitious project and as you know we’ve been going through some challenges the past year and half. We would like to sincerely thank you for your patience, support and also for your questions and feedback. @Christopher Lewis, Thanks! I asked them 10a.m. this morning to offer a bank transfer. No reply on that. Drop them my bank info at 14:00. Will see how it goes. I'm in Europe. @TC, I went through PP, but they covered PP fees as well. They have been quick to reply so drop them a mail @Christopher Lewis, Did they refund you through bank transfer? I don't have a PP account. @CGC Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 110.leomaier 109. Albert Chung 108. C Schroeter 107. Richard A 106. Rasmus Andersen 105. Jakamoto 104. Ibon Azkoitia (<url>ébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>"reaping what you sow". 109. Albert Chung 108. C Schroeter 107. Richard A 106. Rasmus Andersen 105. Jakamoto 104. Ibon Azkoitia (<url>ébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>"Unification" thing where the Lima device (is supposed to, I never tried it) basically mirrors your entire hard drive. That leads me to some questions.... * I've tried mirroring an active filesystem over Ethernet, real-time. It crashed and burned hard, because in most modern filesystems there's a lot of constant activity and a lot of files you probably don't want to worry about (Windows: Paging, temps, etc.) Not only that, the Ethernet pipe got saturated and neither device could keep up writing and reading with the constant change. * What happens if your remote drive is smaller than your computer's drive? I did my initial tests on Lima with a 128GB USB flash drive, whereas none of my computers have a drive smaller than 750GB. Even the Raspberry Pis, booting as they do from an NFS share, have an apparent drivesize in the TB. I guess I just don't see the need to back up EVERYTHING on a constantly changing partition to a remote location. Snapshots are fine for this purpose. @CGC I also asked for a refund more then once via email and was turned away, my name is also on the list. I asked CGC for a refund today. Setting up Lima: my first problem was: a 250 GB Hdd only supposed to have around 14 Mb disk space. The answer I got: "I finally see it. The remote diagnosis says your HDD seems to be not well-plugged after the reset." How can you plug in something improperly? Only if the plug is not working. (My HDD working just fine outside of Lima.) Then I set up Lima with a 2 TB hard drive, and the second Lima device I got. This was working now, though it would have taken days to transfer the files from my computer to the HDD. Now I can´t login to the Lima apps neither on IOS nor Android. Third: There is no remote backup possibility yet, as it was stated, and for what I supported this project. I really waited patiently That CGC delivers its promised product, now I lost my trust in the reliability of their promised product. I urgently ask CGC to refund my money, All the best, I guess I will be off her soon, so best wishes to all Full refund - many thanks CGC Steve Hunter about 10 hours ago I received my two Limas today. They're beautifully packaged and aesthetically pleasing. And it's clear from examining the software that a lot of work has gone into writing the VPN and filesystem over the past few months. However, as it stands, it just doesn't work properly. Firstly, I had a great deal of trouble getting the device I tested recognised on the network. ----------------------------------------------- Ayeee........That could have been me. Bullets dodged. I feel for you, mate! KC (goatCGC) about 12 hours ago Does anyone know if you can post an Amazon review without buying the product being reviewed? ------------------------------------------------ If you already have an account, yes. Sent by Cloud Guys Corporation$149.00 Fee-negative $6.86 Total$142.14 ---------------------------------- I wish Seve and his boys and girls a happy bug hunt for the foreseeable future. Finally got my refund, I'm out of here! If getting refunds ask for bank transfers otherwise PP will take a cut and you won't get full amount. I have taken up with CGC to include a 6% fee or offer bank transfers Sorry found out they refunded exact $79. I replied them not to forget to add interest and confirmed they refunded $79.41. I'm still huge anti fan of CGC and it will never happen for me to buy their product or recommend theirs. Interesting... if you uninstall the program from your computer (so as to fix a buggy install), all your local cache of unsent files are erased without prompting. So, I just lost about 40gb of movies/pictures/etc... Nice touch! So l requested a refund for a year. You said no no no, and l confirmed the shipping address and now you refund??? I dont want your lima, l want my money back! Many thanks to Lima for finally getting around to doing the right thing and refunding people's money. I look forward to having it back in my account in the near future. Well, I got and am responding to the refund email. I hope everything turns out well for everyone here. P.S. I'm a man of my word and I hereby reiterate the following excerpt from my previous posts: "To CGC I say yet again: refund my money in full and I will never post here or anywhere else about your company or product." Once the money is in my account, I am completely done with CGC and the Lima. @KC (goatCGC): "I requested a refund. I figure that anyone unconvinced of the shadiness of this project or the stupidity of plugging this into their file system is never going to be convinced. Likely the last you will hear from me. For those of you staying on; good luck, and I hope you find happiness." I'm with you, brother. I just replied to the email with my request, too, and I also expect to be banned as soon as they process the refund. To Ozymandias, KC, Fmotta, and the many others who've continued to pressure CGC for all of this time, I offer you my thanks and respect. Most people will just bend over and take it when they're getting screwed. You didn't and I can't tell you how much I appreciate it. It's a difficult thing to be the lone voice screaming at a seemingly impenetrable wall. But someone has to be the first. And with each additional voice, the chorus grows louder. Eventually, as the volume climbs and becomes more insistent, the ones on the other side of that wall can no longer ignore the sound... I wish all of the "bastards" the very best. Good on you all! I'll post this for what I expect is the last time, just for the sake of nostalgia ;) *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** A long form post of my consolidated thoughts: To all backers who have received their Lima and are satisfied: I am happy for you. To all backers who are content with CGC's management of this campaign: I am happy for you. To all backers who complain about the many posts (like this one) that you construe as "negative", I ask you to review the very long list of complaints lodged against CGC in those posts - and CGC's complete failure to address the majority of them - and, at the very least, acknowledge we have the right to be upset. For my own part, I feel I have been intentionally misled, lied to, and defrauded. In my opinion, this whole thing has been a long con. They've collected the money, dicked around long enough that your credit card and Amazon won't refund your money, put in place NDA's on the beta to give themselves even more time to operate this scam, and now, as we approach the date of actual release (anybody want to bet that August 1st date on Amazon gets pushed back???), I predict they'll end this whole charade by declaring bankruptcy. I give them props for having the balls to pull off such a massive fraud. In the end, I don't care if Lima turns out to be the greatest device​ ​ever built; I want my money back. At this point, if Sev and Christophe were on fire and rolling around on the ground in front of me, I wouldn't even unzip my fly to put out the flames. To CGC I say yet again: refund my money in full and I will never post here or anywhere else about your company or product. Since your debacle with Ozymandias, we now KNOW that you can and do give refunds, So...GIVE ME MY MONEY BACK! #Fraud , #Lies , #Delays , #Theft, #Scam, #Beware_of_Amazon_Reviews, #Bankruptcy REFUND NOW!​ I'd also like to be added to the refund list please. I never got the 'refund' e-mail. I contacted support back in February, and was told a refund wasn't possible. I only received the e-mail about confirming my shipping address. an alternative if you guys want to really get it to work :P <url>"backup pack") is just not the case. If you delete a file from the Lima filesystem, there appears to be no method of recovering it, making it unfit for actual backup purposes. And finally the client software overall just seems really flaky and unfinished; this is not something I could trust my valuable data with. This is a real shame as after two years I was looking forward to seeing something reasonably polished and reliable. After receiving what I assumed would be a decent final product, I don't really want to wait several more months for it to improve past the 'beta' stage. I know CGC have worked hard on this project so it gives me no pleasure to leave a negative review. CGC: I would like to send these back to you for a refund as they are not up to specification as per the original description, and are of unsatisfactory quality. I've taken the pink one out and tested it but the yellow one is still in its box. I believe that under the UK Sale of Goods Act (1979) I can expect a refund in these circumstances. Please let me know the shipping address for returns. I requested a refund. I figure that anyone unconvinced of the shadiness of this project or the stupidity of plugging this into their file system is never going to be convinced. Likely the last you will hear from me. For those of you staying on; good luck, and I hope you find happiness. Hi,I got my lima and it´s working... but, it´s so slow to sync files from my computer to it... like, in 24 hours with my pc on I only got 90gb uploaded/synced to it. Is that normal? Can I improve this speed? I hope Seve and his boys and girls remember that I pledged for 2 I have a lot of stuff on Indiegogo and about 100 active projects on Kickstarter keeping me busy with updates. I have forgotten this page for a long while as my subconscious mind totally rejects the idea of messing with my files as Lima would have it. That's exactly correct; 100 or so refunds is very little money compared to the ongoing reputation damage. However, we 100 represent a lot of unspoken frustration and even the "wait-and-see" crowd are pretty much out of patience. Does anyone know if you can post an Amazon review without buying the product being reviewed? Re: Refunding your Kickstarter pledge --------------------------------------------------- The bug hunt is over? Now the long wait for Seve and his boys and girls to do the right thing. They will be marked as non payers and removed as backers so won't be able to comment any more As soon as refunds come through the questioning voices will disappear from here keep up the good work Casey Allen! Hey! You ignored me again! Or from the E-Mail the others got (now suddenly offering a refund to the people in the list) I could guess that you actually read my message! Yes, I am on that list too! but the device was already shipped... the postman didn't find my door even though its the only house with that number and the address is shown correctly online at the parcel service provider... not your fault but like WT%?! How about I don't pick it up, let it get shipped back so you can sell it for the retail price like I recommended, you make a win from that and you can refund me? No Paypal adresss -Plan another option Add me to the refund list!!!! This project is a scam I feel they are offering refunds because they are trying to get rid of the 100+ backers who are questioning the validity of their device and here is my retort to Severins email: "I have several more questions. When will there be support for Linux? Other Android versions pre 4.0? When will you support back-up for current drives with files on them? Why can't current testers get their files back outside of the Lima device? When will there be a version where it works like you stated it would during the launch of the campaign? What type of encryption does Lima use? When are you going to open your code up for an audit so that the backers/pre-order buyers can get an idea that our data is safe? When are you fixing the software so that we do not have to open UPNP on our router? What about the available APIs? What is the update process explained in detail, is it constant? is it on a scheduled coded timer? Are you collecting Metadata? (I will accept the shipping of device and what not once these questions are answered) Again, Have a great day Severin." @CGC I'm #9 on the refund list to be exact. What's your "new" policy on refunds? @CGC i'm on that list too. I got my Lima device, but a bit confused about not needing to move files to the Lima HDD. In my Mac, there is now a Lima drive that is mounted and it has its own folders that are separate from the "Documents" folder in my Mac. So in order to have the files available in all my devices, I have to COPY / MOVE the files from my Mac HDD to the Lima HDD. From the campaign page: "There's NO dedicated folder where you have to MOVE your files into. All your files are on Lima, from the files on your Desktop to the files in your Movies folder. So you DON'T NEED to copy and move your files around anymore : just let them where they always have been, they're already on your other devices." Ever wondered why Lima has problems with OS X version updates? They use "LifeRay Nativity" to dink with the file icons. Read this: There is no official API for custom file overlays and context menus in Finder, so LiferayNativity uses a technique called "method swizzling" to swap Finder's code with our own custom code. The LiferayNativityFinder bundle is responsible for "method swizzling" the code for icon overlays and context menus as well as handling client requests. LiferayNativityInjector is a scripting addition responsible for injecting the LiferayNativityFinder bundle into the running instance of Finder. Note: Since method swizzling into Finder is not supported by Apple, any upgrade to Finder can break LiferayNativity's injected code. LiferayNativityInjector has an optional version check that can throw a warning if a newer, untested version of Finder is detected. Also, buggy injected code can cause Finder to crash or hang, so proceed with caution! Quoting the refund email being sent out: "Hello, You added your name to a list on our Kickstarter wall which states that you want a refund of your pledge on Kickstarter. We haven't offered refunds so far because the Kickstarter money was used to produce the Lima devices and finish helping the Lima product come to life. We couldn't take the risk of financially endangering the project by offering refunds. Note that giving this possibility is not a Kickstarter obligation unless project creators abandon the project or are unable to complete it - which is not our case. However, it has never been our goal to annoy you and keep your money for the sake of keeping it. Now that we're shipping and that preorders are taking off, we'd like to offer you a refund if you still want one. If you do, please reply to this email and give us your Paypal address so that we can send your money back. If you don't, confirm your address in the email "We're shipping! Just confirm your address to receive your Lima :)" and you'll receive your device next week. Sincerely, The Lima team" @Dongjin Kim - Yes, got an email too! Finally :) @Dongjin Kim Please post an image!!! This should be open policy! just received an email from LIMA, offering refund. is there anyone received the same email? So I received Lima... Nice! A very nice package, a beautifull device. Expectations where high... (after 2 years) But it turned out to be a disappointment for 2 reasons: 1. I don't have OS X 10.9 (or up). So I can't install the software... 2. I have a harddisk but it's not empty (backups). So I have to buy a new harddisk to see if Lima meets my expectations :-( I don't want to buy a new harddisk and certainly not a new MacBook for a beta device with a lot of uncertainty if I will really like it and will use it. So, now I'm stuck with a nice looking device with no function at all at this moment @Creator - Can you please explain how your Lima "backup" solution works if I have two Limas and delete a file from my computer? Your continued failure to address this very simple question indicates a tacit acceptance of Lima's inability to perform backup functions, and you continued deceitfulness in describing backup as one of the features. Estimated delivery: Dec 2013 My reward was supposedly to be delivered in 2013, with Linux support. Please do not ask me to pay for the shipping, since I am no longer interested in this product. STOP sending me the profile file for shipment. Either ship me the unit so I can put in my drawer forever or issue the refund. @Gabriel de la Pena I can't say for certain, but I'm thinking it's going to be more difficult than simply doing a firmware update on it. I'd guess that JTAG or something would be needed. To be honest, I really haven't investigated doing that at this point. Maybe if you could gain some sort of root access... I just got my device.. after wanting to get a refund but it obvious it ignore my request and just give me the beta.. I feel they have no intention to give any refunds so I just might as well get my device and move on.. I have not tried it yet.. pray it works hopefully.. it also seems they managed to get Amazon to sell their products exclusively @ <url>"Is this part of your forgiveness tour? How can you not answer questions we presented in the backer comments of the products Kickstarter page? How come you did not cancel and refund your backers when you changed the scope of the product? how come your ability to make excuses not to talk to backers on the comments page, but go right to twitter to post 4+ posts within that hour? When user Lokiracer was going to meet you in dublin you blew him off and were not at your booth during opening? What about your March 31, 2014 "make your final choices now" update? how come the device and software was not ready then? Why build 10,000+ products and not have the software ready on a production model? Why the excuse to switch from Python core code to another language? Why do you contact me now, of all times, just to get me to get on your good side? What was done with the employee of yours that called a legitimate backer a "Bastard"? Why have you not offered for Backers to receive a refund because of how delayed this is? I have already put forth many other questions besides these, and not 1 of them are answered in truth. I want a detailed (not some short and simple answer) response on these questions. Your Amazon rating for this product will be low, no doubt on that, Backers are not happy, we have been waiting for a long time for the product and your are not even remotely out of an Alpha stage for testing. No linux Support, no android support less than version 4.0. This seems to be a problem, you need to address my questions, and start looking into ways to make your Backers happy, or your company will fall, Tremendously. Lastly, I email many outlets plus your Partech Ventures associates on a monthly basis, because you are still delaying a Finished product. Have a good day" Sevrin's response to my questions: "We feel that we have already answered most of your questions but here again: 1. There's no forgiveness tour. 2. We do answer them on a daily basis. Sometimes we feel that there's nothing more to add to what has already been said countless times before. 3. We didn't change the scope of the product. 4. The person in charge of social media isn't the same as the person handling Kickstarter comments. 5. We offered Lokiracer to meet and he never confirmed, then he came at our booth before the official opening and we weren't there yet. If he came back at 12.30 like he said he did, it isn't possible that he didn't see one of us as we would never leave our booth unattended with all the tech material. My best guess is that he came and talked to us without revealing his identity and that he realized we weren't evil as he imagined. 6. We needed the final color choices for production. 7 / 8. We explained that in my video <url>" @BrianS I wonder if the Lima could be reverted back to what a Wanser-R NAS is, at least I could make use of that. Finally, my Lima arrived. Which brings me to 2 questions: 1. Where to download the Android app for it, and 2. Should I install Lima before or after my Windows 10 update? Never received email to confirm address. Please advise what I need to do. 7 of the last 8 positive reviews (in English) are from backers with less than 3 projects under their belt. Of those, 4 have only ever backed Lima. More Astroturfing. got the lima device, but no guide for installation in package or just on need? excellent ! Here goes nothing! using cobian backup for backing up some files, just to test how it works, and so far so good. Received package of 2 Limas but I'm missing my 3rd device. Please advise. Lima up and running. Finding out how it works... Reçu aujourd'hui !!!!!!!! Installation fini et début des tests Merci Just started my Lima in Sweden /Startat min Lima i Sverige. So far so good. on a positive note, sent an email with a problem, got an answer 45 minutes later. thank you My Lima is up and running. So far it feels like my own private Dropbox. I like it. :-) The design is very nice. (One very tiny detail: the Android icon feels too big and alien compared to other app icons. But, heh, that's my only criticism so far.) Just started using Lima. So far, so good! الجهازجيد My Lima arrived yesterday and my setup went very well. Now I struggle a bit with how the device works exactly ... But that's part of the fun :) When can we post reviews on Amazon too? I'd love to make a PSA type review to warn people. The listing on Amazon doesn't mention a beta software. It's certainly not "final" or release version now. So what's Amazon ordered Lima shipping with for software? How does it make sense to anyone to go from 0.91 to 0.1 version? Is that some kind of 'new math' being taught in France? When is support for Windows 10 coming out? I feel like I got double burned too since I have a shiny new external drive I didn't need because I was dumb enough to get on the beta list early. Do they mention that on Amazon? Only works on an empty drive. I use the word "works" loosely here... All the sudden they're calling stuff that supposedly worked two years ago and only needed funding for hardware "features" now. "Features" that they may "prioritize" at a later time... Charlatans. I'm going to have to agree with others who said CGC is probably going to file bankruptcy soon and come out with something new some day. They'll probably cry about how us mean backers didn't drink their koolaid and it wasn't their fault for not succeeding. As if they didn't have enough time and capital to do it... I can imagine it now. Poor CGC and the bastatd backers... Doesn't look good for the future of Lima. I'm still hoping for allocution from them. I could maybe think of them as a sad story if they at least admitted failure, recognized and acknowledged so, and apologized. Wishful thinking I suppose. @Scott O Clark, The Lima device's hardware is based on a product called the Wanser-R NAS. It had a coaxial power plug, and as such, the Lima device does too. Pardon me, but I have not gone through for enough to read all the comments because there are just too many gdamn comments! I can't imagine why!? Well, I got my black turd today. I am debating if I want to nuke hard drive but, luckily I have a 250 that's on its way out that could be useful. Some of the comments discussed the packaging and the headphones of the product. However, what they don't mention is that it was "imagined in Paris." There is nothing mentioning Wilmington, Delaware on the packaging even though this was the Kickstarter address. I got looking at the power plug is a 5v by 2.1 amp. Why the hell didn't they use/@creator a USB connection? Now, if the power supply breaks or is damaged in anyway, you need a specialized plug. WTF, this among everything else is poor planning. @CGC Confirm button does not work. My address has not changed. One week ago you ignored my question. Then you said sorry and wanted to know what my question was, so I reposted my question. Then you ignored my question again!! See this is what I mean by being disrespectful of the backer who helped you start this catastrophe!! So I'll repost my question again: You want to know what my question is? Just scroll down a couple of comments and you will see my last comment with a question to you which you just ignored... but to spare you the inconvenience I'll copy-paste my last post for you: " @Scott but why? If they are so confident in their work and product, they should gladly refund anyone asking for a refund and then sell that device for the retail price making a win in real cash, right? We helped them start through with their product and now it is "ready" (whaahahaha, sorry;) and will soon (two years too late) hit the market. So there is no reason to not give a refund, right? except... if CGC knows that they don't have a chance selling this product... and the members of the team are already looking for new jobs... So @CGC, why not refund the "few" hundred backers asking for it and make a profit from it by selling the non wanted limas at retail price? " @Creator - Can you please explain how your Lima "backup" solution works if I have two Limas and delete a file from my computer? Your continued failure to address this very simple question indicates a tacit acceptance of Lima's inability to perform backup functions, and you continued deceitfulness in describing backup as one of the features. Nice load of comments from CGC to bury negative comments. So I shall quote: Please electronically sign this petition, we are wanting the code for the Product:Lima to be audited by a third party so we can see if their code is truly secure and not taking our data/metadata to sell. <url>"Is this part of your forgiveness tour? How can you not answer questions we presented in the backer comments of the products Kickstarter page? How come you did not cancel and refund your backers when you changed the scope of the product? how come your ability to make excuses not to talk to backers on the comments page, but go right to twitter to post 4+ posts within that hour? When user Lokiracer was going to meet you in dublin you blew him off and were not at your booth during opening? What about your March 31, 2014 "make your final choices now" update? how come the device and software was not ready then? Why build 10,000+ products and not have the software ready on a production model? Why the excuse to switch from Python core code to another language? Why do you contact me now, of all times, just to get me to get on your good side? What was done with the employee of yours that called a legitimate backer a "Bastard"? Why have you not offered for Backers to receive a refund because of how delayed this is? I have already put forth many other questions besides these, and not 1 of them are answered in truth. I want a detailed (not some short and simple answer) response on these questions. Your Amazon rating for this product will be low, no doubt on that, Backers are not happy, we have been waiting for a long time for the product and your are not even remotely out of an Alpha stage for testing. No linux Support, no android support less than version 4.0. This seems to be a problem, you need to address my questions, and start looking into ways to make your Backers happy, or your company will fall, Tremendously. Lastly, I email many outlets plus your Partech Ventures associates on a monthly basis, because you are still delaying a Finished product. Have a good day" Email Recieved from Sevrin himself: "Hello Casey, I know you're angry with us, and have many questions that you feel remain unanswered. Would you be interested in a quick Skype call to discuss this face-to-face? If you are, let me know your availabilities in the next days. " I'm afraid i'm not going to do that, because I know the type of person Sevrin is, and the questions he will answer are those that do not pertain to the functionality of the device. I am stating now, I want a refund, due to breech of TOS due to changing the scope of which the product works. I know you will be reading this, as I feel you are on your Forgiveness tour, to get everyone on your bandwagon. This is not stopping me from giving a shoddy review on Amazon in regards to false advertising of a product. If I don't get a refund, thats find, I'm going to be taking it apart, and putting/building my own NAS/Cloud system upon it. on Amazon ...This item will be released on August 1, 2015. ... im still waiting for mine ...so amazon will get it before me ...its F£$king sad <url>"backup" in their sales copy? So, today I receoved this thing. Has anyone been able to to put it into use for sth else? Is there a way to adapt the hardware with some other software? I certainly don't want to use anything from these incompetent amateurs with my files. The risk of Lima either wreaking havoc with my files or giving me frustrations and headaches are far too high. Two limas - I like the phrase redundant cloud as it is a cloud with redundancy built in. Any other ways of interpreting redundant is purely readers own perception @Christopher Lewis - There is no Lima backup, just deceptive marketing. Ok, today My NDA is over. So I can repport my experience. Just today, I received at last the authorisation to send back my unit. Since I got it It has never worked correctly. Glad for those who have a good one. The reponse time from the support is the biggest issue. They are quite correct at what they do but betwwen the repport of an issue and their answer I had to wait 3 weeks. So for me Lima is a no go. But has team Lima is to send me a replacement unit I'll may change my mind later. If so I will report it there. KC, their Amazon entry says, "Easy Back-up: with two devices, do not even think about doing your backup, Lima does it for you." If back up solution with two is shaky who knows how decribe the one Lima solution @Creator - Can you please explain how your Lima "backup" solution works if I have two Limas and delete a file from my computer? @CGC Will user be able to opt out of Unification and use the Lima like dropbox? Lima received. Impressed by the beautiful package. For now it's working perfectly like a dropbox with my own HD. I'm looking forward to test the computer unification technology. Received my Lima . Beautifull package, Nice present included. Thanks. Starting to set up. No sms (NL). Received my Lima today, however quite busy with other things like cleaning up my drive (got 7GB free) so might take a while before I start to use it. Received my two Limas. Will try and sort out an empty HD drive or thumb drive to test tonight. Got my Lima (finally!) yesterday and already installed it on my laptop. I encountered the same issue with the SMS not being received (I live in the UK), and the web-based installation does not work because "there are too many testers". A bit frustrating, I have to admit. I will have to be a bit more patient with the installation process and the possibility to use a hard drive which contains files. It is pretty exciting and I really can't wait until this starts working properly (hopefully soon). Thanks! Received my Lima today. Windows install took forever, I checked task manager and saw cmd.exe idling around at 12% CPU. After killing it, installation went smoothly. When being asked for my Phone number, I must have made a mistake ( probably missed the flag ), and haven't received an SMS. I can't see a way to resend the SMS, Lima can you help? Is there a Forum on where to ask questions like this? Seems strange to not have any community in this day and age. @CGC It has been mentioned that the KS TOS has not been fulfilled/violated, in that case, you can send my refund as soon as you are able. Received my Two Lima Devices yesterday. Hooked up a empty 1TB drive and installed one of them on my network. Now I am streaming music to my phone. Looking forward to installing Lima on all my handheld devices. Initially, Very much worth the wait... so far. Looking forward to the firmware update this fall! @cgc This means that the "feature schedule" on your webpage is incorrect. Could you please provide me with an updated schedule so that I know what I'm (not) getting. Since mine is on it's way (although I asked for a refund) I would like to know if I will be able to use it at all. I have 2 TB in my Desktop. My wife has another 2TB. And there are 16 TB of network shares. What happens if I use Lima with a 2 TB HDD? Does it try (and presumably fail) to mirror everything? What happens if I connect my second (yeah, long ago I believed in the idea) Lima at my parents house for backing up their and my my files? Reçu mes deux Lima aujourd'hui.Que du bonheur,installation super simple et facile.il n'y a plus qu'a......... Que de chemin parcouru depuis Forgetbox!!! @Creator - Can you please explain how your Lima "backup" solution works if I have two Limas and delete a file from my computer? got mine yesterday, set it up with a 3TB harddrive, I'm happy, it works very well. Thanks to the team. :-) Got mine and set it up with a USB thumb drive because my specially bought drive needs more power :( Got mine today! Need to get a new drive first, so i will get one tomorrow :) @ Aurélien - On the contrary, Kickstarter is not a cash machine for people who want to start a company. That is what CGC did. Both the Kickstarter ToS and the law are clear on this: the project MUST deliver what it states it will deliver for each and every pledge. Kickstarter is a pre-order system, nothing more. Stop drinking the koolaid. @cgc After contact with your helpdesk it's clear that "file sending" is not a current feature. This means that the "feature schedule" on your webpage is incorrect. Could you please provide me with an updated schedule so that I know what I'm (not) getting. @AnyoneAskingForRefund : My point of view is that you all see Kickstarter as a shopping area and you are WRONG. I want to remember you that when you back a project on a crowdfunding platform you give money to a company to help them to BUILD/GROW/EXPAND the company. You are not ORDERING a product, you are REWARDED with a product because you helped them to create it. Just READ the Term of Use : "backers must understand that when they back a project, they’re helping to create something new — not ordering " / "There may be changes or delays, and there’s a chance something could happen that prevents the creator from being able to finish the project as promised." I have met the Lima team when they held some events a few month ago to meet backers, they are passionate with their product, are truly dedicated to this project and are working really hard to deliver. The Lima device isn't ready, it's a Beta, and they need your support to finish it. They don't need a list of all the people who lost hope and want to leave the project with some wanting to crush them to the ground. Until you can show me evidence of the contrary, I can assure you that they didn't leave us. @cgc Could you please explain how the feature "Send really big documents to your clients instantaneously" works? I gotta say I love the package, headset bonus and the application both desktop and mobile (easy setup). It is worth the wait, good job guys. Note: If only I can access the files that are already in my external drive tho. I'm all hooked up. Thanks fellas! :-) Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 109. Albert Chung 108. C Schroeter 107. Richard A 106. Rasmus Andersen 105. Jakamoto 104. Ibon Azkoitia (<url>ébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>"reaping what you sow". 109. Albert Chung 108. C Schroeter 107. Richard A 106. Rasmus Andersen 105. Jakamoto 104. Ibon Azkoitia (<url>ébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url># Totally forgot to order! Mine has already been shipped but I haven't received it yet.....don't care for it at this point. I just want a refund. If I can sell it on amazon, great....but i'm not expecting that to happen. This has been a waste of money and a lesson in itself Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 108. C Schroeter 107. Richard A 106. Rasmus Andersen 105. Jakamoto 104. Ibon Azkoitia (<url>ébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>"reaping what you sow". 107. Richard A 106. Rasmus Andersen 105. Jakamoto 104. Ibon Azkoitia (<url>ébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>"reaping what you sow". 106. Rasmus Andersen 105. Jakamoto 104. Ibon Azkoitia (<url>ébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>"negative", I ask you to review the very long list of complaints lodged against CGC in those posts - and CGC's complete failure to address the majority of them - and, at the very least, acknowledge we have the right to be upset. For my own part, I feel I have been intentionally misled, lied to, and defrauded. In my opinion, this whole thing has been a long con. They've collected the money, dicked around long enough that your credit card and Amazon won't refund your money, put in place NDA's on the beta to give themselves even more time to operate this scam, and now, as we approach the date of actual release (anybody want to bet that August 1st date on Amazon gets pushed back???), I predict they'll end this whole charade by declaring bankruptcy. I give them props for having the balls to pull off such a massive fraud. In the end, I don't care if Lima turns out to be the greatest device​ ​ever built; I want my money back. At this point, if Sev and Christophe were on fire and rolling around on the ground in front of me, I wouldn't even unzip my fly to put out the flames. To CGC I say yet again: refund my money in full and I will never post here or anywhere else about your company or product. Since your debacle with Ozymandias, we now KNOW that you can and do give refunds, So...GIVE ME MY MONEY BACK! #Fraud , #Lies , #Delays , #Theft, #Scam, #Beware_of_Amazon_Reviews, #Bankruptcy REFUND NOW!​ they still have time to post to twitter though... Being "too busy" to deal with their customer's questions, concerns and complaints are all part and parcel of CGC's snobby and duplicitous treatment of all those who gave them money. "Not enough time today but will answer other comments tomorrow." Oh am I going to have fun with this. Let us bas***ds of the Lima backing pool not get answers to the questions we are all posing. Let's not give the 100+ people who are requesting a refund a reason not to ask for a refund. Seriously how hard is it to say: "we fu**ed up and we will be refunding those of you who feel that this device is not what you backed". Seriously Sevrin, are you just ignorant to the comments with questions asking for transparency on your device. Which some of us just will use as a paperweight once we receive it. Next aspect. Who uses "we are going from 0.9 to 0.10" In reality, if you were upgrading a version from 0.9 to anything, in this case, this project is still in 0.1.9, not even worthy of having beta testers. This is a pathetic pipe dream made up by people with the mentality of highschoolers and probably the intellect of them as well. Hi, I had some problems where my Lima started to constantly drop out (this happened after trying to delete files from the Lima drive). This problem persisted even after reinstalling it on all my devices so I tried to format the Lima drive but now it says I have a foreign drive and will not let me use it. Lima fails the most basic backup test: If you accidentally delete a file, you cannot get it back. @Creator, if this is incorrect, please specify how. Very useful, perhaps update here. Would you make your vc backers get updates on line instead of in person, no so you are showing us huge disrespect. Also will you answer the SSL queries being raised on twitter? @Mike Lam Synology boxes are a true NAS box. While they offer some of the features that were promised here, the first purpose of a Synology box is to serve you files. That being said, if you want a NAS (albeit, a bit pricey,) I wholeheartedly recommend them. They do get the lemon from time to time, but I have some that have been on pretty much 24/7 since 2011. Slow device. Very buggy. After last update my Android device can no longer see any files on the external hard drive, even though my mac can still see them. No reply from tech support. File structure as stated from others before is unreal. The way they break it up is crazy. Maybe something from synology will be much better. Seems like system was developed with IOS and mac in mind. PC and android support are garbage. Android app is killing battery life on phone and since it doesn't do anything, it has been uninstalled. Disappointed in the product big time. Ear phones lasted a few days. Low budget. After The Dash comes through and my Anymote I think I'm done with Kickstarted. All these garbage projects popping up. Do not recommend this device for anyone. Super behind and promises not delivered on (old news). Anyways I put this post up to contribute to the unhappy backers. I am also one of them. Refund would be nice but live and learn. *makes your computer bigger, that is @John - Your post makes no sense. Lima is innovative, makes your computer, AND is better than Dropbox. Severin told me so. @cgc After contact with your helpdesk it's clear that "file sending" is not a current feature. This means that the "feature schedule" on your webpage is incorrect. Could you please provide me with an updated schedule so that I know what I'm (not) getting. I'm not interested in paying import fines for something i wont use. Please refund The...............STATUS OF SHIPPING................link on there website has been removed why ? i want to see all the paper weights ship Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 106. Rasmus Andersen 105. Jakamoto 104. Ibon Azkoitia (<url>ébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>"Send really big documents to your clients instantaneously" works? @brians Ok, thanks. @CGC, two annoyances: I'm not sure why you decided to take the LEDs off the device. Last board I designed, I was told "It looks like a christmas tree!" My reply: Yeah, and you can tell at a glance exactly what's working and what's not. Please, get rid of the automatic "Documents Movies Music Pictures" folders creation. This isn't Windows 98, we've moved on. @John, To the best of my knowledge, I can see no way of sharing anything outside devices you've connected to the Lima. The only two options I have are "Keep offline version for all" and "Remove offline version for all" Right now, the box simply acts like a NAS with a non-geek share interface. @Ronald Sutton Yes. I had to upgrade the firmware before anything other than my router would see it. @brians One of the main reasons for me to back was the feature CGC calls "Send really big documents to your clients instantaneously" - is this the one you say is missing or are you refering to something else? @All USERS: LIMA Not Found error. My router detects LIMA but indicates LIMA is OFF. Has anyone found a solution to this problem?? .....Thx It seems there was a firmware update that I didn't get the email about. So my Lima unit was no longer recognized by the software it was originally paired with. That in itself is kind of scary, imagine the manufacturer pushing an update that kills your box until you upgrade. Pogoplug used to pull crap like that... I updated, and it works again. However: The offline file thing kills me. Yes, you can right-click the folder and tell it to not keep them, and yes, it's supposed to go away in "future" releases, but that's not useful now. Like Peter Ståhlberg, I specifically asked about a feature - in this case the ability to share a file with someone who doesn't have a Plug device, ala DropBox. The answer was affirmative, but that isn't there either. Right now, to me, this is just a NAS box with a simplified fileshare interface, and really doesn't do anything I haven't already done. So I'm not sure what to do with the thing. I haven't probed it enough to figure out the OpenWrt telnet password, and I don't need another NAS. As I said before, I guess it goes into the box of dead technology beside the AdTrap and Ouya. @Peter Ståhlberg, I fully understand. I had a SL machine for a while (replaced it with a Pi.) It did most of what I needed of it. But, as I said, I'm guessing that the person who told you 10.6 was going to be supported probably had no clue what they were talking about. I had originally purchased my 10.6 machine to be a video player, but It was unable to play a video to save it's life. Oddly enough, under XP, it was a pretty smooth machine...no wireless problems, and no choppy video. I think they made this whole project much to complicated. They should have made it much, much simpler. A hardware based hub to handle USB harddrives. Fine. Then a cross platform software (not connected to the file system at all) where the user can choose which folders to sync between the computers (and set user permissions). Security could have been solved with hashed password keys. Think of it as a hardware based Bittorrent Sync if you would. This would have worked fine. Sadly they did not go this (or any other) simple route. Which we all now pay for... @BrianS Yes I'm aware Snow Leopard is gett in a bit long in the tooth. But both it and the computers I have running are working perfectly fine. Doing what they are supposed to. So why should I upgrade when I do not have to? I upgrade when I want to, on my schedule, not Apples. Also I specifically asked CGC about Snow Leopard, which was the basis for my kickstarting the project to begin with. If they can not make it work with SL they either return the funds (since the premise is no longer valid or... well there is no other option. Further more, there are many, many (in fact most of them) programs which work on Snow Leopard and newer. Unless there are some extremly specific reason there is no point to exkluding SL (why limit your market?). I've backed alot of kickstarter projects (89) and it is kind of getting frustrating how many project owners are unable to deliver. Either fully or in the terms stated in the project. Even in a small number of cases deliver anything at all. It is a full range of bing naive, incompetent and downright being a scammer. LIMA got 1.2+ Millioin USD and THIS is what they have come up with? BUT that is all irrelevant. I'm only concerned about my own case here. They promised SL support and I did not get it. So either they lied or failed to notify donors of this case. Either case it is a clear case of return the funds. I however they add SL support I change my mind naturally. But so far I have not even heard anything from them. Neither as a response on my comments here at kickstarter OR direct communations with their team. I hope the headphones are good. Since it now seems I have purchased them at a premium price. They damn well better be! :-/ Sir, So far my equipment is working well with LIMA. It took some time to figure out how to setup my mobile devices, and I am eager to know when the release for Windows Mobile will be there. Regards, Frank van Heneste Hi, what do we have to do to get a refund? Thanks for the answers. @Jc - Please do update. I was sent two limas, and one shit the bed and now perpetually says it is offline. The other lima I received will only detect drives smaller than a certain size and so far @CGC has told me that they see nothing wrond and won't let me return my devices. This is on top of them taking days to return my emails (during beta my emails were answered within the same day). I'm sick of this fucking dog and pony show they have going here and will be contacting my lawyer to pressure them into giving me the refund I have asked for. I will update with further information about legal proceedings for those interested. I gota say the latest ridiculous CGC snafu is after all the lack and disinformation surrounding this ill conceived project they now think barraging me with 4 e-mails in 3 days about the impending shipment (of a product that I will never trust enough to even power up let alone store data using) has got to be the final joke. @CGC Will there be a way to opt out of unification and just have a dropbox sort of setup? Lima fails the most basic backup test: If you accidentally delete a file, you cannot get it back. @Creator, if this is incorrect, please specify how. @KC, that makes a lot of sense. FUQ! - Lima @Clemens - We should start a blog entitled: FUQ - Lima frequently unanswered questions I would want to receive my lima if you were done 1.0 version. Received my Lima today. Easy installation and it works perfectly. @CGC You said "[...] hard to answer questions that have already been addressed multiple times or that don’t really expect an answer." so for 1) think of this: maybe you haven't addressed them properly enough yet? There is even a list here in the comments section where someone compiled a list of unanswered questions you tend to ignore... check it out! and 2) we don't want an answer to the questions we state?!? Meaning you are not taking us "small" backers serious... You want to know what my question is? Just scroll down a couple of comments and you will see my last comment with a question to you which you just ignored... but to spare you the inconvenience I'll copy-paste my last post for you: " @Scott but why? If they are so confident in their work and product, they should gladly refund anyone asking for a refund and then sell that device for the retail price making a win in real cash, right? We helped them start through with their product and now it is "ready" (whaahahaha, sorry;) and will soon (two years too late) hit the market. So there is no reason to not give a refund, right? except... if CGC knows that they don't have a chance selling this product... and the members of the team are already looking for new jobs... So @CGC, why not refund the "few" hundred backers asking for it and make a profit from it by selling the non wanted limas at retail price? " @CGC You are far more worst than I thought. I knew that you can't code, you can't communicate well with backers etc. But simple maths? You have repeatedly posted "next release 0.10". For the first time I assumed that you have a typo, then again? So, this will go on and on and on like 0.9 -> 0.1 -> 0.2 -> ... -> 0.9 then back to 0.1 right? Now, I think I get that! Thanks guys! Refund my money! Bonjour, J'ai reçu l'appareil Lima mais il manque la clé Chromecast que vous avez promis avec cette livraison à l'époque de l'achat. Quand est ce que je reçois la Chromecast. Je vous remercie Cordialement Alain COHEN Bonjour, J'ai reçu l'appareil Lima mais il manque la clé Chromecast que vous avez promis avec cette livraison à l'époque de l'achat. Quand est ce que je reçois la Chromecast. Je vous remercie Cordialement Alain COHEN Hi please can you come up with a different term to back up to describe what two Lima's do, as back requires the element of retrieval if data is lost, this is false advertising <url>åhlberg, While I advocate that Snow Leopard is probably the best of the OS X releases, it's getting pretty old at this point. I'm guessing someone said "Oh yeah, it works with 10.6" without understanding all the the under-the-hood changes that have happened. Just my two cents. Well, my device is dead. I can ping it, I can see it on the network, I can telnet to it, but it doesn't respond to the Lima software. I tried 0.92 and 0.81, but neither would see the device. Oh well. I guess I should be happy I got a short Ethernet cable out of the deal. At least it works. I love the email I received today about the password. Remember your password because if you don't, your SOL. Oh, email us to reset your account. Again, SOL, because they screwing us. Furthermore, I thought this device had nothing to do with the cloud for security purposes. @CGC - I don't care when I can plug a filled hard drive into it. You're shipping to me a useless device that doesn't work - tell you what. Refund my purchase price (heck, refund HALF my purchase price) and I'll send them back to you and you can sell them to someone else at full price and make a profit. How about it? Got my Lima up and running working great!! I wonder how feasible a lawsuit would be. @KC: Wouldn't surprise me at all. @Shaun Frost: Welcome to the wonderful world of CGC where you don't get what you paid for; you get whatever the hell they decide to send. And there isn't a single thing you can do about it! I received my 2 devices today (remember, so I can back up between them! Yeah.. Riiiiiight). The main and only features that "distinguished" this from a personal Dropbox with the added security risk of running its own we service, was the features it seems not NOT CURRENTLY SUPPORT. I haven't even switched mine on, apart from the fact I am really not convinced I can find a use for it, and I don't have an EMPTY HDD TO ATTACH, thanks for that one!! I also have recieved a UK adapter version (as identified on the packing slip) WITH AN EU PLUG! even more ironic and this used to be called plug.... Shameful. @sinnyc - You forgot the purpose of the scam: to provide seed money to a company in violation of KS ToS. What they have really been working on is whatever Partech funded. The IP from that project will be launched under whatever company follows CGC post-bankruptcy. If Sev and Christophe were on fire and rolling around on the ground in front of me, I wouldn't even unzip my fly to put out the flames. This whole thing has been a long con. They've collected the money, dicked around long enough that your credit card and Amazon won't refund your money, put in place NDA's on the beta to give themselves even more time to operate this scam, and now, as we approach the date of actual release (anybody want to bet that August 1st date on Amazon gets pushed back???) I predict they'll end this whole charade by declaring bankruptcy. I give them props for having the balls to pull off such a massive fraud. I have the beta version running 0.9 and it just doesn't work well. I don't/can't trust anything important to it. Today it said on my mac that it couldn't talk to the lima. I just uninstalled the software, and will remove the lima from my network tonight. angekommen. nun gehts los! yeah! *their So whenever I drop files into Lima. It goes into Lima but also caches the exact amount in a hidden file inside appdata on my laptop and desktop hard drive. right clicking and saying do not store any offline files does nothing. It doesn't remove the cache storage. So basically I can't use the 4TB my Lima can hold. I can at most hold 200GBs because it always fills up my SSD and then stops uploading to Lima. What a POS. I'm tired of the bugs. This thing has been useless since I got it, There is no future for Lima. Once they ship all the rewards, to avoid a lawsuit. This will slowly die and no longer be supported. They will blame the few bastard backers for ruining there reputation. Even though They did it to themselves. Below is my basis for backing this project. I'm well aware that since 2013 things might have changed in terms of software etc. BUT this is what got them my money and I expect it delivered or money back. Despite how hard is it to actually keep that promise? I simply wanted to post this in order to show that I have done my homework. The ball is now in their corner.... Me 2013: Thank you for the reply. I am also wondering if it works on Mac OS X Snow Leopard? Thanks! The CGC team, Sep 7 2013 Hello back Peter, Yes, it is compatible with Snow Leopard. Best regards, -- CGC Team @Steffan - According to CGC there will be file versioning in the future. File versioning and file sync are NOT backup, but CGC has been calling this "backup" in their marketing in order to sell you a two devices instead of one. Q: Will there be a backup function in the future? A: Not by the standard definition of anyone remotely tech savvy. CGC: Yes! Pay us for two sync devices, and someday we will deliver a feature that we call "backup." Well, as a long time backer of this project AND a person who specifically asked in the beginning IF he LIMA would support Mac OSX 10.6.8 (Snow Leopard) - I'm quite sad today. I got my LIMA, one purple and one green. Very nice packaging and even a pair of extra headphones. So far it looked fantastic. I unpacked and connected the relevant parts to my netowork. Only to find out the fact that the software do NOT infact work with my macs at all. I have not been notified of this. Yes the requirements are stated on the box in very small lettering where you do no look right away. But since I asked long beforehand I did not go looking for it at all. So all this cross platform mentioned during the campain and in the marketing material is complete nonsense. This like so many other things nowdays go on this forced upgrade train and essentially leave anyone not upgrading every second or third year behind. It is so annoying and irritating. I've put this message both here on kickstarter but also in a mail directly to the team. It seems there will be no testing for me. As it turns out this kickstarter has turned into two pairs of VERY, VERY expensive headphones :-( Refund please. and there will be a backup function in future? maybe a function so i can give the other devices special access rights? Hi there, today arrived the Packed with the Lima device. Thanks a lot, its work so great and i can change my old Fritzbox NAS function to Lima. Very fast with an Msata USB harddrive. ONE question: i will give a few friends and my employee an extra folder with special accses only for this one folder, like the function also in dropbox. will in the near future are work this function. thank you Team from Lima. @Scott but why? If they are so confident in their work and product, they should gladly refund anyone asking for a refund and then sell that device for the retail price making a win in real cash, right? We helped them start through with their product and now it is "ready" (whaahahaha, sorry;) and will soon (two years too late) hit the market. So there is no reason to not give a refund, right? except... if CGC knows that they don't have a chance selling this product... and the members of the team are already looking for new jobs... So @CGC, why not refund the "few" hundred backers asking for it and make a profit from it by selling the non wanted limas at retail price? @Clemons - I agree. Even though I was negative for the most part, they did not discuss the file structure in the event the device fails and data needs to be recovered. I think that is some what important. The upside is they are reading the comments. I guess when you say you want your money back, they ignore you! and it goes on until version 0.99 and then on until version 0.101 and then on until 0.299... or when are you going release version 1.0 ? This is so ridiculous! I can't wait to review this thing on amazon and elsewhere... Not answering repeatedly stated questions, only(!) answering positive comments is very arrogant! It shows how much you care for the people who started you... no comment around backups then? I have no intention of hooking up an empty hard drive to my devices in order for this to "work", unless Lima is supplying said 'empty hard drive'? No? didn't think so. I have 2 bricks for sale if anyone wants one. I would like to add a comment. I think that I've been very patient, and I think that I have held my tongue and tried all along to be positive. In four words... LIMA DOES NOT WORK. I know that this is still pre 1.0, but despite repeated installs, re-installs, android, OSX, Windows 7 and 8... Nothing has worked for me. Well, that's not true, sometimes for a few minutes after a completely new install, I'm able to glimpse what it is supposed to do. Files and photos do sync and fly around. THEN It always stops working. Completely. The effort required to start over is quite a lot and so, until this thread starts to resound with positive comments, I'm done. Should I receive a message from CGC in this thread asking me to supply a support ticket, please note that I have, a few times and there has always been no / poor / inadequate replies. I even went on Facebook today to report to them that their backer dashboard error reporting form does not work because any errors that you submit to the form are fed back to you via a 'pop-up' which is actually hidden behind the main menu. Literally, if you submit the form with any errors the feedback that you have to amend the form is BEHIND the main menu of the website, thus making it impossible to see! I found it by view-source! So not wanting to sound mean, but absolutely wanting to sound frustrated, I wish you luck and I'll be back only if things improve dramatically! Sorry, "company". I so hate this frigging company. @Steve Hunter - Two Limas don't behave differently than one Lima; your data just syncs to two places instead of one. The problems with this are: 1) Deleting a file on one device deletes it on ALL devices, which is the OPPOSITE of backup 2) Version control (if it ever comes) will only help you go back to an earlier time for an EXISTING file (i.e. fix a bad change.) If you delete that file instead, #1 above applies and the file is gone 3) I can only imagine how poorly implements a scenario where two Limas are syncing the same content. I wouldn't be surprised if there is even more duplication on your local devices. All in all, Lima doesn't do backup at all. @Tim Lewis, It's not very heavy. It would blow away in a good wind. It's (for the most part) SMT components inside. Maybe the connectors could be reused. When is the question ? ;-0 "Your Lima is now ready to go.!" so mine is in the mail i think.....But with No linux support i will have to wait for this too happen Wen is the queestion ? @Gabriel, more like "go to hell CGC".... "Your Lima is now ready to go.!" where dreams die? Steve even if you have two devices because they are synched when you delete from one you delete from them both, so until version control is introduced ( which I assume is how CGC think to have recovery?) you won't have backups but the same data stored in two places. But if I recall a recent update on their blog ( happy to be corrected) correctly then getting two Lima's to work like they originally described is on their development schedule so who knows when it will be CGC Team: wait so are you saying that the "Backup Pack" of two devices that I bought, which claimed to have the capability to "replicate your data in 2 different places" (screenshot: <url>#comment-5270756 Guess who said this: Man, that would get me a tad peeved A big fat no to refund: "I'm really sorry but we cannot refund your pledge. You did not just buy a Lima, you took responsibilities in a project." I am hesitant to list this on Amazon too, as I don't want the negative feedback. How heavy is this thing ? Will it work as a paper-weight ? Are there any salvageable components inside ? When (?) mine arrives, I was thinking of listing mine for sale on Amazon, but I'd rather eat the purchase cost than risk dealing with a dissatisfied buyer. There is one takeaway for me : be much more cautious of KS, as it really is a jungle. In a sick way I'm looking forward to reading the reviews on Amazon, it should be... entertaining. glad to see my comment is still pending moderation on your blog. One last thing. It's pretty, I know. Lima included a T-shirt when I got my device. A really thin and cheap T-shirt. So one of my early beta test emails, and there were a lot, I mentioned the T-shirt. It was nice of them to throw it in, but the thing is I'm 6'4" and they sent a large. They offered to send me one that would fit. NEVER HAPPENED. I don't want it, but the fact that they offered seemed nice initially. It stuck in the back of my mind though. That broken promise to "fix" something. Yeah it was just a cheap T-shirt. But hey, it is symbolic of Team Lima's mindset. Send everyone a large. If anyone says it doesn't fit, tell them you'll send them one that does and then hope they forget. It feels like they hope we treat this Kickstarter as a cheap T-shirt that doesn't fit. Hopefully we'll decide it's not worth bothering with and move on to stop distracting them from trying to get other people's money. That's my opinion. Lima is like a cheap T-shirt. Not worth dealing with for some people. A large might work out for a lot of people. Hope that those it doesn't fit don't bother pursuing it. Heads down, move forward. Don't worry about what you leave in your wake. Only thing is, it's a matter of principle now. This joke doesn't deserve anyone else's money. Hopefully Amazon doesn't refuse returns like Team Lima refuses. I predict high percentage of returns on Amazon. If anyone actually is foolish enough to buy one there. But but but... It's disruptive... Ahahahhahaha And and and... They're hackers. Buwahahhahaaa.... Mine is black with a blue band. I don't see that variation on Amazon. Is it special? I wouldn't sell this on eBay. Wouldn't risk the negative feedback! This thing is really sad. It's so slow. Basically you have to start with an empty drive because Lima dissects your files and breaks them into little chunks of proprietary file code that look like folders through explorer. So you files are eventually passed through to your external drive. But remember their now in a million pieces. So you can't access these files unless you go through Lima to recompile them. Did I mention how PAINFULLY slow it is? Yeah it's slow. I gave up trying to use it. I'm not a sado masochist. Dropbox is fine. I have a WDWD MyCloudMyCloud that is flawless. It's expandable. Plus, for what it cost, it came with 3TB built in. I added another 3TB Seagate external drive to it. Oh and it's running into my router over Ethernet and the extra drive is on USB 3. So it's FAST. I can actually access it from anywhere. My phone uploads photos and videos to it automatically. My different computers back up to it. Oh, and the kicker- it doesn't change my files into proprietary formats. I can plug the external drive from the WD into my laptop add or remove stuff and put it back onto MyCloud. I can fill up the drive and add it later too. That's actually how I did it. "Open with" on Android should have been basic day one for Lima. As we know though, what to us may seem basic is like alien concepts to the Lima team. So while they fumble along learning basic things I'll enjoy my $89.00 paperweight. Honestly I've used the free headphones more than the Lima. At least they didn't try to install custom software on those... For all Lima could have been, I'm sad. It's apparent now that Team Lima are Apple people. They don't know PC or Android or Linux. They patronize us here on Kickstarter. Patronizing condescension is all they offer. Astro turfing. Now that was a classic. The thing that cracks me up is that they still ignore any dialogue that doesn't fit their fancy. Instead of taking the bull by the horns, engaging their backers and using constructive criticism to improve their product. They used their arrogance to marginalize the backers who wanted to help and discouraged is so bad that we're salivating at any chance to warn anyone who will listen not to plug this thing into their system. Don't plug this into your system! It's not working. It's not what they said it was going to be. Don't put anything you can't afford to lose or share with the world onto this thing. It will poke holes into your network. It will frustrate you so much that you'll regret waisting time on it at all. Nothing to see here folks. Only sadness and disappointment. Can I sync multiple computers to 1 lima-connected-harddrive? It has been so long, that I've actually forgotten... can somebody remind me of the use case here?? The Lima is going to replicate my Computer's entire hard drive to a drive connected to the Lima so all the files are available on every machine that has the Lima software or app installed? What about if I have TWO Lima's, how does it decide which files go where? Especially software that I might have a license for only one machine??? I got my conformation email. I am so h a p p y! Two years late :( Not updated to new hardware. It's own ecosystem. I need another hard drive blank drive to save data. Never told what the file system will be; NTFS, EXT4, or its own. What happens when the vaporware crashes? Is the hard drive dud? Do I need to pay thousands to recover data? My Raspberry Pi 2 is more equipped! I can't wait until this BS is all over. I am surprised not to see any on eBay yet. Just give me my damn money back! Hey Severin how are you? @Gabriel - Yes. The people CGC deceived into providing seed money for their company with this godforsaken KS project are not valued as much as fresh victims with additional money to give Gabriel, yes it does. Unfortunately it doesn't get us any further along :-( Does this come off as rude to anyone else "As a backer, we don’t hold you as a classic consumer waiting for a product he ordered." That was one of the comments in a response email from CGC when asking again for a refund. My only question is will the pom-pom squad stop incessantly chanting: "Kickstarter is not Amazon" now that this garbage can be found in both places. we unhappy backers are 'little people' and 'bastards'. Quite a few people are observing that Lima is going to be sold on Amazon verrry soon.... It would be great not just to answer happy customers, also unhappy customers deserve an answer, not a good way to act from your part The CGC Team CGC, we invite you to update backers on the KS platform and not provide false levels of traffic to your site I was informed before shipping that this device only can be set up with an empty disk. it frustrates me so badly that all my disks are full and I don't understand why they set such a limit. it almost announces the uselessness of this device. I hope those individual parties sell theirs. Doesn't look like the Lima team are going to give them refunds anytime soon. Congratulations on reaching this milestone. I'm looking forward to testing it out Beta units are starting to show up on Amazon for sale by individual parties. Encountered an unknown error today as I booted my machine while running version 0.9.1 on W8 The control panel however shows no error.. I'm not sure what to do now... Will test again tomorrow and post another update. @JohnHader you clearly think that "kick starting product development" is an excuse for inept project management, deceit and incompetence. If you're happy that you had to wait years for a device that is already obsolete, then bully for you. People who are happy to be treated like **** is the reason that Kickstarter campaigns have become the joke they are, Yessssss! Yea-a-a-a-ah!!! Shi-i-i-i-ip-p-p-ping!!! Received mine today and first impressions are that this will be pretty nice to have! Looking forward to refinement. If you plan on shipping Kickstarter backers over a three week period, who's shipping Amazon orders? What software version is Amazon shipping? Does Amazon know your software timeline? September is your new ETA for "features" you said we're already working in 2013? It sure looks like the Amazon listing is for a finished product. You should clarify the difference. Anyone with half a brain and a few minutes on a search engine should be able to make their own conclusion about whether to give you money after the two year ride you took us on with Kickstarter. Again, if you really believe in Lima, refund those who want a refund. I gotta go delete my Ashley Madison account now. Todd, there is something to be said for refunding us as we'd in all likelihood not bother going around social media Hey guys - I got sent the email to verify my shipping address, but the page keeps getting stuck after clicking the 'confirm' button. Is there any other way I could confirm my address with you guys? Amazon review section here we come! I'll be checking it daily until it opens up to reviews. Shipping something is better than nothing. If they REALLY believed in this thing they WOULD issue refunds to those who have asked. No reason NOT TO! Hi John, as Lima stands at the moment you have swapped HDD as the single point of failure for data to the Lima device because at present you can not access the data on the drive connected to the Lima unless going the ough Lima. Say you have a power surge and your Lima dies (or some other event) you can not remove the drive and connect to your PC to see your data @Steve - They have NO backup functionality now, and their roadmap does not include anything more robust that versioning on existing files. This is not backup, you will never have backup through your pair of Limas. Finally, after two long years, they're shipping. My request for a refund in January this year was denied, so I'm rather hesitantly confirming the shipment. I had backed two devices on the promise that they would be able to back up to each other. Hopefully won't be completely disappointed by whatever they end up sending. @Everyone, Now that we're out of Beta (and can discuss things openly), I've created a Google+ Community "Lima": <url>"reaping what you sow". 106. Rasmus Andersen 105. Jakamoto 104. Ibon Azkoitia (<url>ébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>"reaping what you sow". 106. Rasmus Andersen 105. Jakamoto 104. Ibon Azkoitia (<url>ébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>"reaping what you sow". 105. Jakamoto 104. Ibon Azkoitia (<url>ébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>"reaping what you sow". 104. Ibon Azkoitia (<url>ébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>"reviewing" this on Amazon when it becomes available. I suggest everyone here do the same. I'm talking gibberish, can anyone review 0.9? Is it worthy enough that I can take it out again from the box and give it a try? Refund preferred. So any new feature in 0.9 except some small fixing bugs? Still waiting has anyone yet happy with 0.9 performance? I get Mail to confirm addres, just go to wait a little bit more. those who ask for refund, they will automatically put you into the "selected" beta group that's what I realize I feel they have no intention to refund anyone so I just take whatever they are giving at least I get something.. but I hope it works. received -> receive Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 103. Jonathan Tasman 102. Hugo Borge 101. Sebastian 100. Shant Jordan 99. Robert Cheung 98. Wayne Tamane 97. nahum kivshani 96. Airad 95. Clemens 94. Philipp 93. Z. Isaiah 92. AndrewWatson 91. D. Sun 90. Nicholas Connolly 89. Phrig. (added due to comment) 88. Andrew Pearce .....2 years of waiting and countng .... 87. Josh 86. Gloups 85. Alvin Phang 84. tropic10 83. betabrain 82. Matt 81. Ulf Behncke 80. Nestor Miyares 79. Matt Grandis 78. shokunin 77. thunderkingdom (<url>ébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>"reaping what you sow". 102. Hugo Borge 101. Sebastian 100. Shant Jordan 99. Robert Cheung 98. Wayne Tamane 97. nahum kivshani 96. Airad 95. Clemens 94. Philipp 93. Z. Isaiah 92. AndrewWatson 91. D. Sun 90. Nicholas Connolly 89. Phrig. (added due to comment) 88. Andrew Pearce .....2 years of waiting and countng .... 87. Josh 86. Gloups 85. Alvin Phang 84. tropic10 83. betabrain 82. Matt 81. Ulf Behncke 80. Nestor Miyares 79. Matt Grandis 78. shokunin 77. thunderkingdom (<url>ébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>"reaping what you sow". 101. Sebastian 100. Shant Jordan 99. Robert Cheung 98. Wayne Tamane 97. nahum kivshani 96. Airad 95. Clemens 94. Philipp 93. Z. Isaiah 92. AndrewWatson 91. D. Sun 90. Nicholas Connolly 89. Phrig. (added due to comment) 88. Andrew Pearce .....2 years of waiting and countng .... 87. Josh 86. Gloups 85. Alvin Phang 84. tropic10 83. betabrain 82. Matt 81. Ulf Behncke 80. Nestor Miyares 79. Matt Grandis 78. shokunin 77. thunderkingdom (<url>ébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>"backup" -here is how you are being deceived. Assume you have PC1, Mobile1, Lima1 and Lima2 as equipment. PC1 and Mobile1 both have their filesystems replicated to Lima1 & Lima2 simulaneously. -*That* is what CGC is calling "backup" but syncing to 2 places is not backup. Consider the following scenario: You delete your content from PC1 by mistake: It syncs to the pair of Limas, removing the content, which then sync to Mobile1, also removing the content. Content gone through the *most ubiquitous* backup use case. Their idea of backup is: 1) having live data in two places, and 2) Version control, which is not yet implemented (and may never be) Lima just arrived down under ;) Happy to join the community :) RC (CGC scam victim) about 1 hour ago Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 100. Shant Jordan 99. Robert Cheung 98. Wayne Tamane 97. nahum kivshani 96. Airad 95. Clemens 94. Philipp 93. Z. Isaiah 92. AndrewWatson 91. D. Sun 90. Nicholas Connolly 89. Phrig. (added due to comment) 88. Andrew Pearce .....2 years of waiting and countng .... 87. Josh 86. Gloups 85. Alvin Phang 84. tropic10 83. betabrain 82. Matt 81. Ulf Behncke 80. Nestor Miyares 79. Matt Grandis 78. shokunin 77. thunderkingdom (<url>ébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>"reaping what you sow". 99. Robert Cheung 98. Wayne Tamane 97. nahum kivshani 96. Airad 95. Clemens 94. Philipp 93. Z. Isaiah 92. AndrewWatson 91. D. Sun 90. Nicholas Connolly 89. Phrig. (added due to comment) 88. Andrew Pearce .....2 years of waiting and countng .... 87. Josh 86. Gloups 85. Alvin Phang 84. tropic10 83. betabrain 82. Matt 81. Ulf Behncke 80. Nestor Miyares 79. Matt Grandis 78. shokunin 77. thunderkingdom (<url>ébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>"backup" -here is how you are being deceived. Assume you have PC1, Mobile1, Lima1 and Lima2 as equipment. PC1 and Mobile1 both have their filesystems replicated to Lima1 & Lima2 simulaneously. -*That* is what CGC is calling "backup" but syncing to 2 places is not backup. Consider the following scenario: You delete your content from PC1 by mistake: It syncs to the pair of Limas, removing the content, which then sync to Mobile1, also removing the content. Content gone through the *most ubiquitous* backup use case. Their idea of backup is: 1) having live data in two places, and 2) Version control, which is not yet implemented (and may never be) Those of you who bought two of these, I feel for you. You got rooked twice as hard as most. Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 98. Wayne Tamane 97. nahum kivshani 96. Airad 95. Clemens 94. Philipp 93. Z. Isaiah 92. AndrewWatson 91. D. Sun 90. Nicholas Connolly 89. Phrig. (added due to comment) 88. Andrew Pearce .....2 years of waiting and countng .... 87. Josh 86. Gloups 85. Alvin Phang 84. tropic10 83. betabrain 82. Matt 81. Ulf Behncke 80. Nestor Miyares 79. Matt Grandis 78. shokunin 77. thunderkingdom (<url>ébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>#28 of what? What happened 28 weeks ago? As far as Kickstarter, this was launched in July of 2013. So this would make it Week #104 wouldn't it? Did the other 76 weeks just not count? 104 weeks... Week #104 Still not fulfilled. Congratulation CGC...hey guys they have done really well. the package was excellent and the device works just perfect..good one Lima. I have posted a comment to their blog <url>#comment-59655 Will be interesting to see if it is allowed to be seen by CGC or not. @ CGC I have taken a capture of my post so people can see it is not offensive or abusive. Forceful and demanding maybe but there is no need to block it's approval Dear god, you posted an update to your blog YESTERDAY, and you have now decided not to even put a message up in the comments section you have done so let alone formally updating your first backers. You have logged on today why have you not just copy and pasted text from your blog into an update and sent out?! Philipp L about 19 hours ago Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 97. nahum kivshani 96. Airad 95. Clemens 94. Philipp 93. Z. Isaiah 92. AndrewWatson 91. D. Sun 90. Nicholas Connolly 89. Phrig. (added due to comment) 88. Andrew Pearce .....2 years of waiting and countng .... 87. Josh 86. Gloups 85. Alvin Phang 84. tropic10 83. betabrain 82. Matt 81. Ulf Behncke 80. Nestor Miyares 79. Matt Grandis 78. shokunin 77. thunderkingdom (<url>ébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>"Phasmid Phasmid BEVERLY HILLS, CA 6 days ago Liked 1 What happened to scammy conman Severin's first product, the ForgetBox app? It harvested the user's Gmail, passing them through server/servers controlled by Severin. Mega-sketchy. He pulled ForgetBox from app stored several months before the debut of the Kickstarter campaign. Once again, controlling the dialogue by removing user comments that might expose some nefarious truth, same as with the CGC 'blog' and Fecebook page. Scam." "Phasmid Phasmid BEVERLY HILLS, CA 6 days ago Liked 1 PS. First called 'fraud' on this fiasco in November 2013. Check the comments on the Lima KS update #12. That's the one wherein Severin astroturfed a supportive comment but had forgotten to first log out of the CGC account and back into one of his many astroturf KS accounts. Keep in mind, there were supposedly 4 backers at the $5000 pledge level. Who are they, why aren't they vocal in the KS comments? Scam from day one. Supposedly spent 2+ years prepping a campaign video. "My co-founder Gawen and I spent nights pitching Lima in different ways to hundreds of people. We rewrote our project presentation 19 times. We rewrote the video scenario 23 times. " Whatever happened to the creepy guy in the campaign vid, supposedly a lawyer (and 'fashion lover') and part of the 'team', Tarek Basha? He's not searchable via internet, and is never mentioned by anyone connected with Lima/CGC. Supposedly these creeps had to rewrite every with Lima because instead of getting $69000 they pulled in $1.29million, which Severin claims was far more than they were aiming for, making it impossible to go ahead with the Python-based project. The effort supposedly put into the video and campaign, the level of detail apparent in the video, suggests that Severin was going for much more than $69000 from the get go. Lies and hot air. Do not trust your data with this Severin person." "Phasmid Phasmid BEVERLY HILLS, CA 6 days ago Liked 1 Feel free to repost these comments onto the KS comments page. Former backer here, already refunded via financial institution (mid-2014 refund), no longer registered on scam-enabling Kickstarter. Before closing the KS account, was blocked from posting comments on KS after Severin reported posts containing public info - Linkedin profile page links - as supposedly violating KS TOS regarding posting private info. Never posted any private info, only links to and text from public websites. At that time, late 2013/early 2014, was one of the only backers calling 'BS' on the Lima scam. Severin obviously wanted to shut up a voice of logical dissent. Signed: 'another bastard'. ;)" 94+ people already digitally signing for a refund, Where are you @CGC with answers to questions? Like, who are you going to go through for a third party code audit? Because Not one of the 94+ backers want this device after you want to leave UPNP open, or the fact that the Lima HAS to connect to your server/s. Who knows what metadata or documents its stealing. Sign the petition: <url>"reaping what you sow". 94. Philipp 93. Z. Isaiah 92. AndrewWatson 91. D. Sun 90. Nicholas Connolly 89. Phrig. (added due to comment) 88. Andrew Pearce .....2 years of waiting and countng .... 87. Josh 86. Gloups 85. Alvin Phang 84. tropic10 83. betabrain 82. Matt 81. Ulf Behncke 80. Nestor Miyares 79. Matt Grandis 78. shokunin 77. thunderkingdom (<url>ébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>"reaping what you sow". 93. Z. Isaiah 92. AndrewWatson 91. D. Sun 90. Nicholas Connolly 89. Phrig. (added due to comment) 88. Andrew Pearce .....2 years of waiting and countng .... 87. Josh 86. Gloups 85. Alvin Phang 84. tropic10 83. betabrain 82. Matt 81. Ulf Behncke 80. Nestor Miyares 79. Matt Grandis 78. shokunin 77. thunderkingdom (<url>ébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>"reaping what you sow". 92. AndrewWatson 91. D. Sun 90. Nicholas Connolly 89. Phrig. (added due to comment) 88. Andrew Pearce .....2 years of waiting and countng .... 87. Josh 86. Gloups 85. Alvin Phang 84. tropic10 83. betabrain 82. Matt 81. Ulf Behncke 80. Nestor Miyares 79. Matt Grandis 78. shokunin 77. thunderkingdom (<url>ébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>~13,000 Lima owners - probably 10% will lose data due to trusting the app probably another 10% will lose data due to not reading instruction probably another 5% will lose data due to actual operator malfunction The cost of a forensic data recovery system has gone down considerably (presuming it is solely a logical data storage problem and not a hardware failure - which includes all of the above). Most of the work could be done with Kali Linux (ok - now I am giving away the tools - but, meh - we'll call that "good neighbor" information). What Kali can't do then other free tools will cover almost all of the above. This is not a viable product. But, it could be a fun KS or hobby with a small income! Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 91. D. Sun 90. Nicholas Connolly 89. Phrig. (added due to comment) 88. Andrew Pearce .....2 years of waiting and countng .... 87. Josh 86. Gloups 85. Alvin Phang 84. tropic10 83. betabrain 82. Matt 81. Ulf Behncke 80. Nestor Miyares 79. Matt Grandis 78. shokunin 77. thunderkingdom (<url>ébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>~13K Lima owners. I foresee a need as people are not all that bright and are likely to put their sole instance of a file onto this pre-beta amateur-built closed software architecture device. REFUND NOW!! but Brian, Lima makes your computer bigger.... @CGC, Are you planning on turning the keep-a-local-copy-in-the-database thing off in a future version? If not, I think you're going to find that people are going to be angry when all of the space on their computer is eaten up with database replicants... It makes me wonder how the mobile applications work - I'm guessing there's no way they are going to replicate the Lima drive contents on the device (phone) itself, the storage is simply too limited to do so. I guess I simply don't understand why the drive contents need to be replicated on a machine with the Lima application installed. Can anyone using OS X confirm that this happens as well? Got my Lima and was up and running in a matter of minutes. Have been using it and exploring everything it can do for me. Excited to see where this thing goes. hello, received and now connected. Great. Only one thing : how drag and drop files or music from my computer (MAC) to lima Drive ? thanks Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 90. Nicholas Connolly 89. Phrig. (added due to comment) 88. Andrew Pearce .....2 years of waiting and countng .... 87. Josh 86. Gloups 85. Alvin Phang 84. tropic10 83. betabrain 82. Matt 81. Ulf Behncke 80. Nestor Miyares 79. Matt Grandis 78. shokunin 77. thunderkingdom (<url>ébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>"final" June 2015 deadline... when you stated that by end of June you would ship to all (non beta) backers. After totally messing up and missing all and really every single one of those deadlines (you sure have no idea about project management) and being 2 years late for a product nobody needs anymore (because you can accomplish the same - no even better because it actually works and its Open Source!!! - using Syncthing and Seafile) I ask you: WHEN will you finally be offering a REFUND?!? Refund please! Read this article about a different project, apparently posting supportive comments written by party's linked to anyone connected to the project breaches KS TOS, who remembers the astrturf comment way back when there was a pom-pom supporting comment written under CGCs account which looked mightly like someone forgot to switch accounts before posting. So that is another KS terms of use broken.... <url>"reaping what you sow". 89. Phrig. (added due to comment) 88. Andrew Pearce .....2 years of waiting and countng .... 87. Josh 86. Gloups 85. Alvin Phang 84. tropic10 83. betabrain 82. Matt 81. Ulf Behncke 80. Nestor Miyares 79. Matt Grandis 78. shokunin 77. thunderkingdom (<url>ébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>"Product is failing" CUSTOMER SUPPORT: "It's not our product that is brand new and in beta - its the fault of a product that has in the industry since before I was born" Received my Lima today - 2 days after requesting the beta. Can't wait to play with it over the weekend. The earphones are a really nice touch too and with surprisingly great bass! Thanks guys! Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 88. Andrew Pearce .....2 years of waiting and countng .... 87. Josh 86. Gloups 85. Alvin Phang 84. tropic10 83. betabrain 82. Matt 81. Ulf Behncke 80. Nestor Miyares 79. Matt Grandis 78. shokunin 77. thunderkingdom (<url>ébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>"local/downloaded" copy of the file and as such it should actually take up space. However, if I read you right, if FileA originates on your computer at 5MB and you put it in Lima, you end up with 5MB+5MB which is indeed extraordinarily stupid. What is worse is that with FileB that originates on a different ComputerB and is marked for localization on ComputerA does not exist in native format on ComputerA. This means that when offline, your files do not work without Lima in the middle. This is very much INFERERIOR to Dropbox and all the other people who have done this. They store your localized copies in native format and do not require their software to be in the mix to run at all. A corollary of the dysfunction of this database approach is that you won't be able to share your files out to others like you can in Dropbox, -not unless those others also happen to be Lima victims as well. Good catch on all the Python, now we know more lies (about a ground-up rewrite) Received my kit last week and got the Beta code yesterday. Now setting up. No issues at all setting up on iPad, PC, Mac and Android - currently uploading files and seeing them appear on other devices working fine. REFUND NOW! So it has been almost 2 weeks now since the frist time I reported my issue. I have since then reported the escalation of my issue. So here we go out in the open. My lima's status has been offline for some time after I copied music over to the drive. I followed the steps in restarting the device and router to the tee. No success. I uninstalled the software using the lima uninstall tool for Mac, reinstalled it. Still no success. So I restarted the lima once again following the steps to the tee, only to get an new status... Waiting information... Had some coffee(important step they missed on their instructions) took a breath, took the garbage out, sent a message to my mother after which I waited a few hours had a few more cups of espresso. At this point I thought maybe the HDD is the problem, so I disconnected it (following the steps) plugged it into my Mac reformatted the drive plugged it back into the lima and I am still waiting. Waiting information... Waiting for an answer... waiting for the lima update hopefully it might start working again... maybe I should be waiting for a refund. Thank you Brian. So another feature missing I have uninstalled the software and will be putting Lima on a shelf. I'm going to watch, but I don't think it's going to become something that useful for me. Well, I decided to install the beta just to try it out, since I had a device in hand. Some things I noticed: 1: There's an awful lot of python flying around here. I thought we weren't using that anymore? 2: Every time I added something to Lima's L: drive, the database kept by the application grew accordingly. Add 600MB of archive? 600MB more database size. The application appears to keep copies of the remote files in 8192KB chunks. This totally defeats the purpose of a remote drive, especially considering you could potentially have a second (unusable) copy eating precious space. This line of thinking is insane. 3: The device was able to connect while on a completely different (in this case, cellular) network. Since I don't have uPnP enabled, there's something going on in the background to find the device in the ether. Not sure if want. I don't really have much use for the device as-is. If they get rid of the crazy local database copy, and put it in a format that's not a special database package, then maybe. But right now, no - it does less for me than BTSync's crippled platform. @Christopher Lewis: No, you cannot. While you can read the drive, the data on the remote is stored in the same database format the Lima application keeps on your local drive. That is, it's all in little chunks in folders. When will your update be like this one CGC? I'm looking forward to receiving my refund once you fail on delivering with the features you PROMISED and FLAUNTED. <url>"future feature?" LOL, you guys are the WORST Just seen on Facebook that pre-orders will ship in August, when we're you planning on updating us on shipping plans and from what people have said there is still plenty to resolve are you going to let them down too? So which release version before you meet the description of your project? Also the message you keep giving out (Cameron, calling Ozy a bastard, refusing to put updates on kickstarter pages) all scream you really do not care about backer happiness only in trying to control your image rather than providing the product as described in the original campaign and iterating on from there. Have you returned the CES awards yet? You have not finished the product and it has shipped to beta testers and not a finished product going to all backers / retail Can some one with a Lima remove their hard drive and connect it directly to a computercomputer without the Lima app and see if you directly access your data or not Consolidated List of People Wanting A Lima device Refund --------------------------------------------------- *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* --------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 88. "SEO Hamburg" 87. Josh 86. Gloups 85. Alvin Phang 84. tropic10 83. betabrain 82. Matt 81. Ulf Behncke 80. Nestor Miyares 79. Matt Grandis 78. shokunin 77. thunderkingdom (<url>ébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>"Unfortunately that’s our logistic partner’s problem :/" I have bad news for you, you should have a contract with your fulfiller and be holding them to it, you are not off the hook just because you handed shipping to a third party. You are still legally responsible for ensure Limas get to backers. Do not shift the blame, even if the fault lies with your third party supplier you are still responsible. The grown up, mature response should have been - we will chase them on your behalf, not trying to wash your hands of the issue. Can some one with a Lima remove their hard drive and connect it directly to a computercomputer without the Lima app and see if you directly access your data or not Up and running Lima ∞ v0.8.4 (1). Seems working smooth and as promised, but more important it do have lots of development potential. I just backed a project that I know will succeed and give me exactly what is promised and will ship very close to the projected time table, unlike some people I know... *cough* *cough* <url>"This is hilarious. You're thinking about how the Pioneer kit will work still? Get your shit together and focus on the completed project! Stop fucking around and wrap things up already. The time for pondering form and function was two years ago. You should be wholly and completely working on nothing other than implementation and reward fulfillment. Don't think anymore. Actually DO something! Get the hardware shipped already. Put out the release version of the software. Even if you intend on improving it. Release it already. Shit or get off the pot. Stop talking. Excuses are not we want. Start doing already. How many units of hardware are physically available right now? 12,000? I sure hope so. You say you shipped 1,000. Where are you storing the rest? Tell us how installing your software onto the hardware works." *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** ^This. 100%. Thanks, Todd, for so effectively putting the way I feel into words. I would like to request a refund. Thank you. So finally got my Beta Key and I am testing now. Seems to be working pretty smoothly so far...will keep updating and posting as thing progress further... Oh, yes and... REFUND NOW! Tobias "betabrain" A. 5 days ago Consolidated List of People Wanting A Lima device Refund --------------------------------------------------- *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* --------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 87. Josh 86. Gloups 85. Alvin Phang 84. tropic10 83. betabrain 82. Matt 81. Ulf Behncke 80. Nestor Miyares 79. Matt Grandis 78. shokunin 77. thunderkingdom (<url>ébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>"install on my mobile later", I was prompted to select files from my computer but it is opening L (Lima) drive and there no files to choose. I am struck. @fmotta - Oh, you must have noticed that they never answer the question whether drives used by Lima are readable when not attached to a proprietary Lima device too. :) Just got my two Lima last week and started the startup process and I must have missed something but during install it asks for a Beta key? Was this emailed to us that are beta testing? So for the time being I am stuck and of course no email response from Team Lima..Please HELP..I want this thing to work -we have waited too long...sam P OK. Starting to test, using everything hopefully as intended. So far, so good. If it is not also obvious... The undocumented aspect of what I am reading from CGC comments is that they want Your data to be checked into a "Hotel California" (Lima) where your data can be "checked in" to their undocumented drive format but be a pain to "Check out" (move to a documented and formalized file system). Another attempt at product longevity by making it a pain to "design the Lima out". The best solution for such implementations it to AVOID them as a consumer/IT person. Longevity ends when we (consumers) learn this underhanded ploy is added into the "mix" along with the many other misrepresentations and do not use nor purchase more of Lima. Then the problem is solved!! We use a RaspPi and OwnCloud or I2P+Tahoe-LAFS for cheaper and have the data on a formalized file system that we can move the drive(s) from machine-to-machine as we desire. (like right now!) And... do it at a lower cost! and we're off. this could change everything.. SimonB, Auckland, NZ @KC: Yep, I speculate that the reasons for not using this platform as intended are: 1) They are lazy 2) They think 'hit count' means something (I can write a script that can generate a ton a second from many IPs - so it means NOTHING) 3) Since they are poor at what they do and are afraid that others will find this out - they want to avoid a situation where others can help the public by availing that information and CENSOR. 4) They don't seem all that bright and think that the above will actually work. BTW: I know my Father. But, I can definitely do a decent job of obviating the obvious :) -but they can't control the comments here, fmotta. They have to be able to silence the bastards like us to fool more people into buying the vapor. @CGC Traffic-Gen Team: UPDATES BELONG HERE! THAT IS WHAT THE UPDATE TAB IS FOR (sub-par is a compliment for you guys). I would like request a full refund. You are now 19 months past your original estimated delivery date. Thank you. I await your response. Why are you making us boost your traffic to your website when you should be updating us on KS platform? Can't even do a copy and paste? REFUND NOW! Alternatively send me what I backed - low-cost COTS hardware with some Python to allow file sharing and not this bloated project that included applications on most clients that already have network file access application pre-built-in. J'ai reçu mon Lima. Il est branché et se porte bien. J'attend la suite… Jusqu'ici c'est à la hauteur de mes espérance. Calendrier mis a part. Received the product last week and was successful loading software onto two computers. Unable to load onto a Blackberry phone. Will I be able to do this later after the Beta version is upgraded? Also, just curious if any issues have cropped up with Microsoft programs freezing up? I still haven't received the product yet. I'm getting tired of no reply since I've sent several request for delivery. Looking forward to hearing from you in asap. PS Get backe to me at <email> Lima and I are not getting along at all. On my Surface Pro 3, it constantly either can find it or tells me it's already in use but my list of drives doesn't show Lima. On my Galaxy S6 Edge, its just uses lots of ram. My clean master is always warning me that the app is causing my phone to run slower. Plus the app keeps telling me Lima is offline. So its been very frustrating. I've uninstalled it and installed again 3 times. I think I've only been able to access the files I put out there once when I was away from home. I just uninstalled it again. I think I'll give my systems a break and try again another day. Maybe. Crap, automatic corrections... *for my father *convinced about the product. After receiving my Lima 1 month ago, I finally took time to install it. Very happy about the product, working well so far. I bought one fort my father after that, convinced about the production. Working as software tester, I've seen more "professional" products on beta test in worst state! GG :-) CGC: Please refund my pledge. Received my Lima today. Setup was a breeze and everything is working so far. Thank you Team Lima! I've recently moved; is there a way to update my shipping address? @Brad - Hack software is nothing but danger. Just got my Lima. About to install. Is there any danger to use with multiple drives (not empty) through a USB hub? Want to connect two at this point. On Mac. Thanks for the reply! This is hilarious. You're thinking about how the Pioneer kit will work still? Get your shit together and focus on the completed project! Stop fucking around and wrap things up already. The time for pondering form and function was two years ago. You should be wholly and completely working on nothing other than implementation and reward fulfillment. Don't think anymore. Actually DO something! Get the hardware shipped already. Put out the release version of the software. Even if you intend on improving it. Release it already. Shit or get off the pot. Stop talking. Excuses are not we want. Start doing already. How many units of hardware are physically available right now? 12,000? I sure hope so. You say you shipped 1,000. Where are you storing the rest? Tell us how installing your software onto the hardware works. <url>"reaping what you sow". 83. betabrain 82. Matt 81. Ulf Behncke 80. Nestor Miyares 79. Matt Grandis 78. shokunin 77. thunderkingdom (<url>ébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>"28 mai 2014 Bonjour, Je pense avoir été assez patient. Pourriez-vous m'indiquer s'il vous plait la procédure pour obtenir le remboursement des sommes versées pour les produits non livrés ? Si vous ne souhaitez pas me rembourser, merci de me préciser les raisons de ce refus. Bien cordialement B." They never bothered answering me. Backers friendly obviously. Consolidated List of People Wanting A Lima device Refund --------------------------------------------------- *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* --------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 82. Matt 81. Ulf Behncke 80. Nestor Miyares 79. Matt Grandis 78. shokunin 77. thunderkingdom (<url>ébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>"American" company. What you do not realize, is you are not American, your company is housed in France, not just your developers and other staff members, you are solely a French Company. Can we get some answers? Consolidated List of People Wanting A Lima device Refund --------------------------------------------------- *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* --------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 81. Ulf Behncke 80. Nestor Miyares 79. Matt Grandis 78. shokunin 77. thunderkingdom (<url>ébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>"reaping what you sow". 80. Nestor Miyares 79. Matt Grandis 78. shokunin 77. thunderkingdom (<url>ébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>À chaque fois il y a un nouveau rebondissement... On y est presque maiiiiiiis pas tout à fait. Mais bon, il faudrait peut-être penser à arrêter de nous faire croire que vous bossez encore sur ce truc. Rendez juste le fric, vous êtes ridicule à la fin To all Beta testers, Did your Lima make your computers bigger? Like what CGC has claimed? Quick question, what will happen to us backers when the hardware you are writing firmware for is no longer available? Manufacturer is not going to keep on making small number of thousands of units just for you and it was already old tech two years ago. Will you keep a team dedicated to writing updates for it or will you just let us go whistle in the wind once version 2 of Lima comes along with new hard (USB 3 etc). You have already shown that you have had to write completely new firmware when just the ram chip had to be changed? Or will you give us a free upgrade? If the former then expect a lot of misery and if the latter just give me a refund and save us both the time now P.s. have you sent ces awards back as your product was not shipped by April the first "Date: 09/18/2017 - Good news! We are almost done with version 0.9133333333275.2 of the Lima core. We are going to roll this out to 50 lucky Beta users to ensure the best possible Lima experience..." @Brian: Considering that this "beta" is more likely Alpha quality I think Guinness may need to create a category like "Longest pre-release Cycle for the Simplest Application - EVER" Good god. You guys should contact Guinness. This has got to be the world's longest "beta test". Same old moving the goalposts that every single update does. Consolidated List of People Wanting A Lima device Refund --------------------------------------------------- *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* --------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 79. Matt Grandis 78. shokunin 77. thunderkingdom (<url>ébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>"lima is the best things since sliced bread" you are only getting your noses deeper, so that CGC feels like they are having a 3inch gauge colonoscopy. I'm not a hater, I am a realist, reality is, they are still in beta, for the better part of the year, almost 2 years after the launch of the Kickstarter campaign. This is sickening, the questions we want answered are still not being answered properly: How can you expect your backers to compromise their security by opening Upnp? Why was python discarded after you found out the amount of people wanting this product? What happened to the employee who called Ozymandias a b*******? If you are in the Americas as a company, why is all of your employee base in France? When are we going to start seeing updates here on Kickstarter that do not point us to your poorly written blog that has little to no real information regarding an update on the products functionality other than: "hey guys, we are now on version 0.8.1, we just added a .1 to it because we have no idea what we are doing" These questions, please address. My money I invested into this product, I would like a refund pretty quickly. When in doubt, I can always buy some m80s once I receive it, as it is outdated, and I can show an unboxing and destroying video, I'm quite entertained by that notion. @Stan: I am glad it works. Too bad it is not what I backed. Too bad it requires that I open up my network for malicious attacks via UPNP. Too bad it is way too late. Too bad it is not audited for security. Too bad it will not handle my legacy mass storage devices that contain data. Too bad it is more expensive than grabbing an arduino system and doing it myself (which will not have the above problems). "Haters gonna hate" is often a term used by those who have their lips pursed near a sphincter. Haters are gonna hate. Can't please all people. I really like it, and how simply it works. Bravo guys, a long road maybe, but nearly there :0) Consolidated List of People Wanting A Lima device Refund --------------------------------------------------- *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* --------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 78. shokunin 77. thunderkingdom (<url>ébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>"negative", I ask you to review the very long list of complaints lodged against CGC in those posts - and CGC's complete failure to address the majority of them - and, at the very least, acknowledge we have the right to be upset. For my own part, I feel I have been intentionally misled, lied to, and defrauded. I don't care if Lima turns out to be the greatest device​ ​ever built; I want my money back and nothing further to do with this B.S. "company". To CGC I say: refund my money in full and I will never post here or anywhere else about your company or product. Since your debacle with Ozymandias, we now KNOW that you can and do give refunds, So...GIVE ME MY MONEY BACK! #Fraud , #Lies , #Delays , #Theft, #Scam REFUND NOW!​ Hey just recieved my lima as promised. 10minutes for setup. Everything is working fine. All files are syncronized. I will start beta-testing... Consolidated List of People Wanting A Lima device Refund --------------------------------------------------- *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* --------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 77. thunderkingdom (<url>ébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>"reaping what you sow". 76. Julie Tagliamonte 75. Thomas Orzechowski 74. tris 73. Guilherme Mori 72. Margaret Donohue 71. Ingo Stengl 70. Jeramie Johnson 69. Drew Tennimon 68. Benjamin Jacob Wehmann 67. Sébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>"reaping what you sow". 75. Thomas Orzechowski 74. tris 73. Guilherme Mori 72. Margaret Donohue 71. Ingo Stengl 70. Jeramie Johnson 69. Drew Tennimon 68. Benjamin Jacob Wehmann 67. Sébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>"Your files will be stored in readable format, so you can read your data directly from your disks should any problem occur." So why is that not the case? Someone else with a Lima try it. Please tell us if you can retrieve your files from a Lima populated drive by bypassing the Lima hardware. $150.00 retail... ? Are they delusional? Anyone with a web browser can find personal clouds that include hard drives for this price point that actually work and are immediately available. Right now. Not at some hypothetical unspecified point in the future. pre-orders? What does that mean anyways? Put up or shut up Lima. Allocution is in order Lima. Profess your transgressions and beg for leniency for you have been found guilty in the court of backers. How did you get around Kickstarter's rule against offering multiple rewards anyways? You called it a backup plan. Yet there's no functionality to support it. When are we going to be able to access files that have been stored on a Lima connected drive directly without Lima? Like how you said it would work in the Q&A section of the campaign page. Right now if I plug my drive directly into a windows machine after putting files onto it previously through Lima all I see are hundreds of small proprietary files labeled with alphanumeric gibberish. What's that all about? I can put things onto a drive through Lima, but I can't get anything off the drive without Lima recompiling it. That's bogus! Especially in light of how PAINFULLY SLOW file transfer is using Lima. Your product is a bottleneck. Proprietary file formats and scrambling my data without a means to retrieve my files and data naively on another system wasn't part of the campaign you charlatans. Explain yourselves. BTW, the early bird blue is awful just blue .... I actually like the black one with a blue stripe on it looks way better and that was my second one. I just received mine today, they really included the retail price as $150 dollars each?? Lucky I wasn't hit with custom fees.... as they used USPS post. Anyways I setup one Lima and added a used HD (that had data on it) and then downloaded an app for my LG3 phone. Now its downloading my pictures on my phone to my computer. Seems to be working OK. Sure, it took a LONG LONG time to get it but it seems to be OK. Just not going to be putting sensitive stuff on it as Lima can just steal my stuff if they wanted too. Seems to be what I wanted out from it was to make backups of my pictures and some not sensitive documents on my drive. Instead of paying Dropbox/Google/Onedrive for the same thing. On my Lima drive I notice one folder missing thats quite important to me. The Desktop Folder. Is this not added because there simply isn't a desktop folder. Or will Lima only sync the documents folder with the media ones and leave the desktop unsynced? Update #3 My phone magically just started working. Not sure if it needed time to sync. My best guess is when I restarted my phone last night. It tried to do a fresh reconnect and actually worked. As for speeds. I pay for highest tier available, running at around 250/25mbps. Needless to say the photos and data stream to the phone fine. I am a little concerned with how long it takes the iOS Lima app to show any content when it first boots up. @Lima why is this happening? Why wouldn't you cache a file list and then update in background as I'm looking through my files instead of redownloading a fresh list everytime I start the Lima app..... Seems kinda silly if you ask me. Maybe because it's a beta? Anyway. Testing more files now. I have part of my documents in there. Over 20,000 files in multiple folders. Going to really stress test it and get back to you guys with results. @Lima About the UPnP.... Is that officially the way we have to go? Can I disable this? I'd prefer not having UPnP on my network for obvious reasons. Let the copying begin! Desktop and Mobile all setup and ready to go! After all we got our limas today, we started to Juice them. �. Let's see. "Update week X: We at CGC are dedicated to conning you further, by first lying about the scope of the project, changing the scope of the project, and furthering the delay of a product that is basically a highschool project we thought up while under the influence. Don't ask us how it works, it just does" Am I missing anything in there CGC? Because that is what we see in every update. No REAL updates are posted to the Kickstarter backers...Which is part of the whole process of Kickstarter. I'm surprised you have not refunded the backers as you have clearly cheated us out of our money for a product we backed for different functionality. Got my Lima today! I just set it all up and am ready to rumble! Fingers crossed. Just finished setting up my Lima to my computer and mobile. So far, so good. Will continue testing. @CGC: Just let those sane and intelligent amongst us to bail out of this debacle by REFUNDING NOW! A company who has proven to lack scruples asked you to text them and you did!? Yep, the writing has been on the wall a long time. The whole strategy from CGC has been to keep delaying until expectations are lowered enough for them to deliver garbage. What *I* backed was a sync product that I could have used at the end of 2013. What they are delivering (maybe) 2 years later is a crufty, buggy beta that they think I am willing to sign my legal rights away to receive. As stated previously, I wouldn't plug this into my systems if it were free. These guys are hacks & scammers, and your data and network security is at risk if Lima is touching either of them. I've stayed away from this project just to see if a bit of distance would help calm me down, and just to let you guys at CGC know, it hasn't work I still consider this a bait and switch scam, seed money for VC approach is definitely what this was all about. even if this turn out to be the best thing since sliced bread I want my money back! Got my Lima 30 Minautes ago. Setup took 10 Minutes. My devices are beeing syncronised. Everything works well and it was as easy as I hoped. Allthough ist is still beta software version, the ease of use is as it were an Apple product. Great! Iphone 6 connects seamlessly. Testing it now... Backers: Why couldn't code for 1000 not scale up to 12,000 especially seeing how there should be no central infrastructure Creator The CGC team on June 18: Maintenance. When speaking about scaling software, most people make the error of only taking technical infrastructure into consideration. Indeed, ....bla bla bla.... bla bla bla..... glorious reasons like all backers are sheep ... (<url>#comment-10226341) Severin Marcombe on an interview: "We were a really small team," said Marcombe. The product idea, he said, is actually nearing four years old, and its founders turned to Kickstarter after they were unable to impress investment sources at the product's earliest stages. "The first thing they say is, OK, you need money to make 1,000 [units], and I will invest." (<url>"wise" VC to give them more money for their lifestyle. So to get more noble money from VC they lied to bastards like you and me to buy them the entrance ticket. End of Lima and CGC over glorified story! Today (29/June) I have begun to test Lima one for office and another for home use Update #2! Finally got my Lima to connect and recognize my hard drive. For the record, I am using currently a spare 128gb Samsung EVO SSD. I have to say, it's buggy as hell and I still can't get my phone to connect. I will say one thing. I uploaded an 8GB blueray copy of The Avengers to it. When I tried to play in on VLC player. It without buffering, loaded in about 1 second. Now considering it was on Lima and I made sure there wasn't an offline version, I am actually pretty impressed. I also could open all my AI and PSD files without any hassle. Again there were no offline files. I have to say, I will give Lima 1 more month to work out the bugs before I grab my pitchfork again. They have royally f'd up. I think they know that, and they are trying to move forward. They have lied and cheated us at every turn, but at the end of the day. It's actually a pretty good product. @Todd Thank you for distilling most of the complaints into a single, well written post. @CGC What is your mailing address in the U.S.? What is your mailing address in Paris? *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** To all backers who have received their Lima and are satisfied: I am happy for you. To all backers who are content with CGC's management of this campaign: I am happy for you. To all backers who complain about the many posts (like this one) that you construe as "negative", I ask you to review the very long list of complaints lodged against CGC in those posts - and CGC's complete failure to address the majority of them - and, at the very least, acknowledge we have the right to be upset. For my own part, I feel I have been intentionally misled, lied to, and defrauded. I don't care if Lima turns out to be the greatest device​ ​ever built; I want my money back and nothing further to do with this B.S. "company". To CGC I say: refund my money in full and I will never post here or anywhere else about your company or product. Since your debacle with Ozymandias, we now KNOW that you can and do give refunds, So...GIVE ME MY MONEY BACK! #Fraud , #Lies , #Delays , #Theft, #Scam REFUND NOW!​ I encourage everyone to reread the entire Campaign page. All of it. Let it sink in. Check the Updates page. Go from the beginning to the end. Let it sink in. Read the Comments page. I dare you. Lesson learned. I hope. It was a costly lesson, but one that I won't be repeating. Sure it could have been worse. It also could have had a different outcome. The fact that Kickstarter washes their hands of it when things like this happen speaks volumes. We'll NEVER get the product we backed. NEVER. CGC changed Lima so much since funding ended that is ludicrous to argue it's the same product. From little things like no LED- which was a bullet point feature, to adding a media player and meta data. It's changed. The hardware is NOT what was proposed. The software, yeah the software. SMH. Guess who is sitting pretty. Who wins? Who had everything to gain with nothing risked? Kickstarter. They got their cut. They keep their cut no matter what. Kickstarter wins whether we get satisfaction or not. They have no skin in the game but they get a cut of the action. Lima will never be what we backed. CGC made awful decisions and horribly over exaggerated what they were capable of delivering. They misrepresented the point in the process that they were at during the campaign. I backed a product described on the Campaign page. We were led to believe, I'll rephrase... We were given a timeline that said delivery in December 2013. I received a different product. In 2015. It's not what I backed. It never will be, in form or function, what I supported. I'm upset with myself for not fully understanding what Kickstarter is. They don't vet any project. They assume no risk and take no responsibility. Now I know better. I'm not a venture capitalist. Make your own decisions: <url>"Lima core is not running"... Received my Lima yesterday. I have tried for over 2 hours to set the thing up. It's completely dead. Won't recongize any of my drives (says it's not a valid format.) I've tried the following formats. NTFS HFS+ exFAT I also now can't even get to that stage, it asks me fore my login, I enter it and the whole device locks up, when I try to force close. I see the message "Lima Core is not working". I've also tried multiple drive types... 3.5 WD 2TB drive 2.5 Seagate 500gb drive 2.5 Samsung EVO 128GB SSD I'm honestly done. Thank you for the beautiful paper weight. I honestly mean that because the packaging and device is god damn beautiful. It's however the most useless thing I've ever purchased in my life. Just signed up for beta after a long time. Hoping this will deliver what is being promised. Signed up for Beta, since been so long. Will I get the full final build when it is ready too? I just would like to comment on the number of comments. Thank You Hi there, I've just installed my Lima and I'm starting to use it right now. How exciting! Greetings from France, Jerome @Merjin, Oh, I see. It's an idiot install - you can't download the apk and install it, you have to let the website do it for you. I'm so happy the email I received points that out: "After having installed Lima on your computer, you’ll be prompted to enter your phone number to receive the application through SMS. This happens when you create a new account." NOT. @Merjin It's hard to install a mobile application from the page you linked. There's only three links on it: 1: UL, (Lima), <url># (broken, obviously) 2: UR (Discover Lima), <url>"mobile" link. So, who was instruction? who was phone? The world wants to know... Is this still a thing? I did an unboxing video. But never got to edit the video or even do anything with it. This product has been so disappointing. CGC are the bigger Bastards here. @BrianS: on yout tablet go to install.meetlima.com and follow instructions. You don't need a phonenumber. Well, I received my device today. I will admit, it is packed nicely. The box says "Imagined in Paris, assembled in China." Strange thing to put on a product from a USA-based company. /s I don't use uPnP, as that's the most evil, malicious thing you could allow to run on your network. Well, other than Norton, but that's just a virus. I can't install the application on my tablet, because it doesn't have a phone number. As if I'd text my number to some unknown entity to get an unknown payload for install... The only candidate for install I could download is a package for my one Windows machine, which I use to play games and talk to my scanner. I'm not going to install it. I don't like what I see in it - and that's all I will say about it. Sorry guys. I don't **** or facebutt, so no unboxing video for you. I guess Lima goes in the pile o' tech trinkets, beside the Ouya and the AdTrap. REFUND NOW! I have had a thought... should a Lima ever arrive for me - if it is not the COTS equipment with the Python additions then I will not have received the reward I backed. So, that would explicitly be a "Not Delivered" condition as it would not be what I backed. Never got mine. This is the longest wait ever! @CGC What is your mailing address in the U.S.? What is your mailing address in Paris? Streaming and remote apps were not within the spec of this project.. It was a simple COTS hardware with some Python code. Please deliver that CGC! After the initial teething problems with the software, everything seems to working properly. Though I had a glitch where the Sending xx items, was stuck at 14 for some reason? Anyways the new 0.8.1 fixed that. Anyone had experience using the video files on Chromecast or AppleTV? I just installed Lima. I lover the little suprise that came with lima just wrapped up install of beta and preparing my first batch of files! I've just finished to fill all forms to be eligible to receive my Lima on Beta Tester Program. I waiting for it for so long... Now I am just praying so much to take it in my hands... ;) Been out a while; just noticed that this is a bit behind. Been waiting patiently and checking email from time-to-time. Guess I missed it, are only the beta people receiving Lima devices still? Will be reading through comments slowly to suss this out. @CGC What is your mailing address in the U.S.? What is your mailing address in Paris? I've got my Lima today. Great little device. I really like how it handles great loads of data. I'm using Mac OS X and iOS devices. For sale: 1 Lima 50 euro (will be sent to address in Europe - no extra charge) <email> Goit! All setup REFUND NOW! Just FYI... <url>"Lima is hiring! Looking for: - a growth hacking intern - a content marketing intern - an help desk expert - an help desk intern. All the info is here: <url>" Positions based in Paris? For a U.S. company? @CGC What is your mailing address in the U.S.? What is your mailing address in Paris? Sorry one of my links was broken. <url>"hacker" and "ninja?" I'd much prefer my device want hacked together with ninja marketing behind it. "Disruptive" has got to be one of the most repulsive marketing buzz words too. Kickstarter is repugnant in their complicency. I'm very happy because finally after 2 years I did receive my device. Now, let's start tryouts. <url>"around the bush" excuses and are not tolerated anymore @EveryoneElse I am requesting everyone here to email weekly, tech companies ETC on the behavior of this company to backers, to Ozymandias, and to the delays, lies, violations of TOS for Kickstarter. I know its a null effort because making an impact against a crap company is hard, but if even the 70+ people who want refunds were to email these groups with a proper response on what I have covered here, someone will listen. Emails: <email> <email> <email> <email> <email> <email> <email> <email> <email> <email> <url>"Expect devices with real support....Never. I'm disgusted with this product, not only do I not have it, but was given the option to get it for beta, but not a fan of the NDA which shows that if I said anything at all in a negative way for this paperweight my behind would have been toasted. We have been lied to from the start: American Company : FALSE Ready to go with production and program: FALSE Lying to get more money from a third party: TRUE Lying to CES regarding shipment times: FALSE Calling a backer a b********: TRUE No Responsibility to the backers for updates here in this forum: TRUE" @Untereiner Boris said: "@The CGC team , after 1 day LIMA is dead help center procedure try, FAIL app reinstalled 3 times, FAIL hard drive tested, OK internet connection, OK last reinstallation with creation of a new account....lima not found I'm really disgusted" Bang-up job you're doing here, CGC *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** To all backers who have received their Lima and are satisfied: I am happy for you. To all backers who are content with CGC's management of this campaign: I am happy for you. To all backers who complain about the many posts (like this one) that you construe as "negative", I ask you to review the very long list of complaints lodged against CGC in those posts - and CGC's complete failure to address the majority of them - and, at the very least, acknowledge we have the right to be upset. For my own part, I feel I have been intentionally misled, lied to, and defrauded. I don't care if Lima turns out to be the greatest device​ ​ever built; I want my money back and nothing further to do with this B.S. "company". To CGC I say: refund my money in full and I will never post here or anywhere else about your company or product. Since your debacle with Ozymandias, we now KNOW that you can and do give refunds, So...GIVE ME MY MONEY BACK! #Fraud , #Lies , #Delays , #Theft, #Scam REFUND NOW!​ Got Lima today but going away tomorrow . Has started it up and it seems to work. @Lima: As I (silently) predicted... far too many people want to save sanity and time by using drives with pre-existing content. This is TYPICAL! Forcing someone to comply with the desires of a no-name company to use an underperforming sub $100 part that is ludicrous. The very common desire is to server up files one already has on a mass storage. Not drive up the sales of drives for temporary storage of the data so it can be put on an unreliable network storage dongle that forces them to open up their firewall for attacks. My Lima starts at 17:52 today. @Creator. How often do you send out beta keys? I got my Limas today. But is still missing a beta key. @Shubham: During the beta you are advised to use an empty external hd. Lima only shows files you put on your hd thru Lima. The files you already had on your hd are not gone. Just not visible. CGC stated it will be possible in the near future to use a hd with files on it. Just not now. @subham. The glorious beta lima does not see data on drives and should only be connected to a blank had. Might be worthwhile taking drive out to see if old data is still there.... I am not connected with CGC, just read previous comments I just received by Lima today and signed up. When I plug in my hard drive containing music, movies and photos already, none of those items appear in my Lima drive. Why is that? When I put in "new documents" in my Lima drive it transfers over to my mobile devices fine. Please advise. Got offered to join the beta, but I don't really feel like signing an NDA. I've already waited an eternity for this, I'll wait a little while longer for something that works (*fingers crossed*). @Casey: It is what is to be expected when: - A kids project is put on KS (starting out looking like a hobbyist effort) - The kids think they can grow up and grow skills by making their project into a product - The kids continue to fail rather than being honest and doing what they said they were (make a project that is the hobbyist that we backed) - The project grows to be a multi-platform effort including most operating systems rather than just being some Python code on ONE COTS device - The kids fail to locate experienced resources to handle the multi-platform challenges - so they slog away trying to act responsible rather than BEING responsible and reverting to the actual promised project If I got the hardware and aforementioned Python code I'd expect it to be a hobbyist effort and perceive poor performance or low quality as the results of some hobby work that was useful. But, these goof-balls blew this COTS hardware with some Python code out of proportion and now that they have expended all the time in coding and even more time misrepresenting (I mean marketing) what Lima is we all expect something more than some hobby effort written by some kids. We expect these kids to make what they have subsequently re-targeted the money of this KS funding effort toward... a stable, production quality consumer-grade storage controller and applications for all major consumer OS'. Yet, they are still the same kids with a neat hobby project and likely have exceeded their acumen. Expect devices with real support....Never. I'm disgusted with this product, not only do I not have it, but was given the option to get it for beta, but not a fan of the NDA which shows that if I said anything at all in a negative way for this paperweight my behind would have been toasted. We have been lied to from the start: American Company : FALSE Ready to go with production and program: FALSE Lying to get more money from a third party: TRUE Lying to CES regarding shipment times: FALSE Calling a backer a b********: TRUE No Responsibility to the backers for updates here in this forum: TRUE @The CGC team , after 1 day LIMA is dead help center procedure try, FAIL app reinstalled 3 times, FAIL hard drive tested, OK internet connection, OK last reinstallation with creation of a new account....lima not found I'm really disgusted REFUND NOW! @Nicolas Morell See my profile for how to file a credit card chargeback. Pay particular attention to the tips. "...the initial End/June target." Pardon me? The INITIAL target was December 2013 you frauds. CGC said, "Last week, we have been facing some issues with the version 0.8.0 and we need to debug some important things before the mass shipping, this can indeed impact the initial End/June target. In case of delay, it will be shared and detailed so that the rest of the community can know when to expect their Lima device." Yeah. We get it. Your software was nowhere near ready for release when you started this project; it's still buggy as hell now; and this thing is many months if not years away from being ready for release as a consumer product. I mean, you have to start with a wiped drive to use it? That alone is enough to turn me away; I won't even get into the feature creep, security concerns, almost complete refusal to answer critical questions, and undisclosed NDA requirement. *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** To all backers who have received their Lima and are satisfied: I am happy for you. To all backers who are content with CGC's management of this campaign: I am happy for you. To all backers who complain about the many posts (like this one) that you construe as "negative", I ask you to review the very long list of complaints lodged against CGC in those posts - and CGC's complete failure to address the majority of them - and, at the very least, acknowledge we have the right to be upset. For my own part, I feel I have been intentionally misled, lied to, and defrauded. I don't care if Lima turns out to be the greatest device​ ​ever built; I want my money back and nothing further to do with this B.S. "company". To CGC I say: refund my money in full and I will never post here or anywhere else about your company or product. Since your debacle with Ozymandias, we now KNOW that you can and do give refunds, So...GIVE ME MY MONEY BACK! #Fraud , #Lies , #Delays , #Theft, #Scam REFUND NOW!​ According to your front page, estimated delivery was April 2014. I entered my address for delivery on 10/7/2013. When exactly is this product going to be sent? This is dragging on way too long and there is no clear answer as to when you will ship. You have been in beta forever. Can you please provide a specific timeline as to when you will deliver? @CGC: I did not back a project that needed scaling. The project I backed was COTS hardware with some python code not this debacle that has grown into a 50 kilo monster trying to run on hardware that supports 0.5 kilos. So, don't scale it... as a matter of fact... since you won't do the honorable/honest thing (proven by your insistence on calling what you are doing is what I backed)... then send me the old hardware and the python code. We can call it done. The thing you are pushing on us us NOT WHAT WE BACKED! BTW: Regardless of how you describe it... forcing your users to open up upnp on their firewall is the ACTUAL security hole regardless of how you use it. Can we turn off all the crap that goes to servers/services without our permission or will users need to put your device behind its own firewall to prevent grabbing stuff from sources I do not authorize (based on the upnp requirement that is the closest one can get to safety)? Lastly (for now) UPDATES BELONG HERE AT THE PROJECT PAGE (I know I have said this before and you rudely fail to abide by this aspect of KS projects along with all the other deviations you are getting away with since KS lacks the willingness to assert compliance). Received an email this morning to sign the NDA, its the end of June, I just want my product, I am not signing your NDA because I feel if I sign it, I will break it within minutes, I just want my product for a paperweight at this point, i'll wait til relase 4.x because that is when they'll have their s*** together. So we are looking at what, 6 years from now? I received my Lima this evening, installation ok, try in progress, looks really great Does someone have the "refund guide", i'm pretty sure that someone put it on this timeline, but i'm unable to find it. Regards.. REFUND NOW! The hardware would have been obsolete if they tried to ship the feature-creeped capability (beyond the project we backed) on the day this project was started on KS. Nearly TWO YEARS later it is e-waste. This user's account has been deleted. @Golia, there is free software that is superior to what Lima provides Received it this weekend. I wasn't expecting a Postage Due notice from USPS for it... so my name is on the list of the......"backers who were invited to our beta program" But i did NOT sign the NDA and never will. so i ask again when will my Lima/Plug ship to me ..And when can i use it with my Linux PC ? When ? Installed the app on windows 8.1, no problems. Also installed app on Samsung Note 4, again no problems. MP3 files work fine, streams well. I have tried a 10gb mkv Movie, picture was fine, but couldn't get any audio. This may be due to the sound not being supported. Will try a different movie later. The device, packaging and apps are all very nice. Received my Lima on friday - installed the app fine on windows 7 and my phone (galaxy S6) - one issue reported so far! For anyone saying this work great that's bullshit, I'm too frustrated and I put it back where it belongs inside the box. No regular update, this is worse then beta, this is an alpha product. I received my first Lima just two days ago and couldn't wait to set it up till now. First: the package and the content is very pleasant. This little piece of innovation and technology seems to work great as promised, it's for sure a great idea and a big leap forward current storage solutions. Finally I found out what I was searching since long ago. Great idea, great courage and great work. Keep up with it! PS: This is an Early Beta release so could there be some error or misfunctioning, we should take on account that we are actually testing it to supposedly resolve them. Big changes brings big challenges (and time to accomplish), and we all have the opportunity to be part of this one. So it's of no use to complain about delays or code rewritings, which are for making a better product for everyone. If somebody wants a fully working Conventional storage solution, should search the internet or go to any reseller and buy one; it's plenty of it, but no one is just anyway similar to this one. Nothing personal guys! =) Give me my money back, keep your already obsolete product. To all backers who have received their Lima and are satisfied: I am happy for you. To all backers who are content with CGC's management of this campaign: I am happy for you. To all backers who complain about the many posts (like this one) that you construe as "negative", I ask you to review the very long list of complaints lodged against CGC in those posts - and CGC's complete failure to address the majority of them - and, at the very least, acknowledge we have the right to be upset. For my own part, I feel I have been intentionally misled, lied to, and defrauded. I don't care if Lima turns out to be the greatest device​ ​ever built; I want my money back. To CGC I say: refund my money in full and I will never post here or anywhere else about your company or product. Since your debacle with Ozymandias, we now KNOW that you can and do give refunds, So...GIVE ME MY MONEY BACK! #Fraud , #Lies , #Delays , #Theft, #Scam REFUND NOW!​ I have a buggy beta version, I am unable to go through the ten minute set up. My Lima keeps saying low disc space. I have tried to uninstall and reinstall numerous times, with varying levels of failure. I am unable to load any devices except my computer to my Lima which makes my Lima a paperweight. Sent in a bug report, waiting for Lima to update their code to fix the problem. Got my Lima ! Can't wait to enable UNIFICATION !! Is there a Lima app yet? REFUND NOW! Recieved my lima yesterday. Tried to connect to my computer (Windows 7) but it crashes (says fatal error). On my iphone the syncing goes really slow (took about 1 hour to upload 300 photos) and then stopped. I also want to say that im just sharing my experience not criticizing since it still is on beta version. I received mine yesterday, found a bug and reported it. Drive letter can't be changed and the install on ios doesn't work. Setup of the device worked like a charm, connected it, waited 30 mins so it could update properly and the software installed properly on osx and windows 8.1. Got mine today, install was smooth (and fancy) on Windows 8.1 and Android, ipad is next up. Synching files to it seems fast on all devices. Can't wait to start syncing my photos to Lima instead to the intrawebz! Received my Lima device yesterday, backed my HDD and testing it out now. As far as music goes, works great and I can Chromecast it just fine! Can't wait to test out videos, and also to transfer photos from a surface pro 3 to my desktop for my workflow. Received two Limas today. Wiped a drive and cranked it up. So far so good except for one minor failure dialog that seemed insignificant. Pushing a big chunk of music onto it. received Lima device. set up was smooth and on roll. i didnt connect my back up hard drive yet as it is mentioned, i need to back it up first. i am going to wait till the software is stable and ensure the data wont be wiped. I bought two Lima devices. I understand and respect that development is ongoing. That being said, I need help getting me *second* Lima device installed. The first one installed smoothly and the app detected it. How do I get my app to detect the second Lima device I plugged into my network? Text message? You required phone numbers from beta testers and they gave them to you?! <url>"Q: "With the old or the new codebase, you will have to update it. Why would that process be easier on the new codebase rather than the old." A: "pursuing development with the technical base we had at the time would have implied shipping a buggy product, very difficult to maintain & to improve...We rebuilt our engine (the core) in C" This project was for a finished codebase that needed manufacturing money. When you decided to rewrite the product, you invalidated this project and owe EVERYONE a refund.​" *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** EXACTLY! ​Here is the text copied directly from the campaign page:​​ "The hardware used by the current version of Lima is a proven, tested hardware. Our manufacturer has already produced thousands of units successfully for other clients. The main risks concerning hardware are thus reduced to logistics. Unplanned delays in the manufacturing process can still occur, but problems related to the hardware design of the device are very unlikely. On the software side, we’re glad to say that we overcomed the most critical technical challenges brought by our app. After 2 years of research and development, we have already built a prototype of our application on Mac, Windows and Linux. We are currently in the process of optimizing our application code to transform it into production-grade software. And we are confident we can do it during the next six months."​ CGC, after 2 years of research, you stated that you just needed to optimize the code. The moment you realized you were going to have to completely rewrite the code, (you said yourself that the code could not be scaled up so you had to go back to the drawing board)​, ​you should have refunded all backers' money because your original plan was, by definition, a failure​, and therefore the promises you made and the timelines you set in the campaign could not be met.​​ GIVE ME MY DAMN MONEY BACK! Q: "With the old or the new codebase, you will have to update it. Why would that process be easier on the new codebase rather than the old." A: "pursuing development with the technical base we had at the time would have implied shipping a buggy product, very difficult to maintain & to improve...We rebuilt our engine (the core) in C" This project was for a finished codebase that needed manufacturing money. When you decided to rewrite the product, you invalidated this project and owe EVERYONE a refund. Martin ROUSSEAU is an astroturfer. Got my LIMA, the Next Revolution is already here ! Yes, it was long to wait nearly 2 years, but very happy to get it ! I was able to install it in few minutes without troubles (just didn't get the SMS on my iPhone but was able to do a manual instal). It seems awesome as expected, and seems to work smoothly ! In order not to take risk I installed a clean Mac OS 10 Yosemite on a MacBook air and it works well . Same seems to be on an iPhone 5S. Lima is the Next Revolution, and it's already here ! Martin PS: of course it's a Beta version, so I don't expect a perfect one... and glad to contribute Its going to be 2 years soon? It's exactly because of projects such as these a vast majority of honest innovators miss out JUST so they don't get burnt again! REFUND! I just got my Lima today. Thanks. I got it set up and crashed it within 45 minutes. It's a beta and bugs are to be expected. Let's stress test these things and help make them better. Received my Beta Lima today, like everyone getting a Lima, we are all Beta users. Bugs are to be expected. I have had the Lime operational for 2 hours, so totally embryonic. Packaging looks nice - like all Tech companies, lets model Apple. Not a bad thing, just a observation. I have one hiccup so far, running on my MacBook Air, has deactivated my NTFS system to plug in Windows HDD. Will get it straightened out, just a major inconvenience at this time. This is not to grouse or to troll, but stating facts: Pledged on 8/16/2013 - 671 days ago. (for a Beta) My Beta showed up 443 days after Est Delv at time of Pledge. Current stated dates of fully functional software is later this year. will be roughly 750 days after my pledge. I am optimistic Lima will get this working, and working properly. But the level of patience they are asking out of us, is heroic. @dim3m I agree, the headphones are cheap and does not related or added to the functionality of the device. So I just see it as an indirect gesture of saying "sorry in advance" I only use it for couple of minutes to check then put it back in the box. @TCHONG, I have the same experience with you about the bug things, to install the app in your device you just need to open <url>és de casi 2 anys, per fí estic apunt de rebre Lima, podré tenir per fí el meu núvol privat. It’s frustrated to wait for a long time and got many mails from CGC Team, hope the kit will be a good one. Hi, Can I have a refund please? Thanks, Sagar Glad to receive the lima device ! yes finally !! BUT BUT BUT plug it, connect it to internet, plug in a USB drive and ???????? BUG BUG BUG, nothing is working, very unstable. I don't even know how to get the files on my different devices. Where can I download the Lima app for my smartphone ???? Very disappointed ! waste of time and money !!!! @CGC: As a 35+ year software development veteran I call BULL SH** on your responses. You may think you are talking with an unsophisticated audience. And, statistically this may be the case. But, since I do not wear a cap then it is not probable for you to pull the wool over my eyes with you truly poor attempts at representing that your bad choices are based on sound technical decisions. Lima is failing because of nothing but poor choices and feature creep beyond the scope of the project (Simple hardware with some Python added to its existing firmware that allow for file sharing). Now there is a need for some broker servers, you have added an out-dated and under-featured media playing app, you added applications outside the simple hardware that is out of scope. And more. A product developed by a developer for a simple application has become a bureaucratic debacle defined by committee. That process has proven unsuccessful for decades and has proven itself false in just about every defense-related effort. This is part of the reason why products designed and developed by Engineers rather than by Marketing/committee is how 95% of consumer electronics have been made for decades. Lima two things. First and foremost my apologies to Bill. I mistakenly addressed my comment to you . I'm very sorry as my intention was to direct my comment to another individual. Second, Creator- You can argue technicalities ad nauseam. Something such as where you are incorporated, are technicalities. You're in France. Every one of your employees is in France. It is beside the point at this junction anyway. Since you cherry picked which points you'd like to address, I will too. Why not refund those who want a refund? Just do it. So much of the frustration will be alleviated by one act of good faith. Issue a refund to those who want one. Did you really need to write a book regarding your code? Just sum it up. It seems to me that you took the long road to say that your original code was too flawed to work so you started over. Basically that's what happened isn't it? It's important because YOU SAID the hardware was the only aspect of your campaign that needed completed. Your original timeline said shipment in finished product in December of 2013. Meta Data was never part of the original campaign. Neither was an integrated media player on the mobile platform. Not only is this not needed, it's added to the delay unnecessarily. The mobile platform should only give access to the user's files. Choice matters. If I choose to use Lima for music or videos I want to use a media player of my choice to open them or manipulate them. Have you even looked at how Dropbox works or ES File Explorer or WD Media? They all give the user access to their files on the mobile platform. Specifically on Android. They allow you utilize whichever application you choose to access the files. You integrated a media player that is not needed and is not flexible. Meta Data is not a value added feature. It's a serious privacy concern. I don't want or need meta data information. It wastes bandwidth and broadcasts to your service partner what type of content I have. We didn't back a media player. You should put your code in escrow in case you go out of business. Is it that hard to understand? Honestly, I hope that doesn't happen. Regardless of whether I ever use your products and services, I don't wish to see you go under. I do expect you to have contingencies in place in the event that the unfortunate does occur. Without a back up, ironic concept I know, we would not be able to use the product should CGC fold. Am I wrong here? Is the Beta nearing completion? You have stated that non-Beta backers will be shipped in June. It's June 18th. You're trying. I'll give you that. You've made some statements that haven't panned out. You've started over. You have shipped some hardware. Lima would have been great in 2013 or even 2014 had it materialized. That's a lot of off-the-topic words regarding software scaling. With the old or the new codebase, you will have to update it. Why would that process be easier on the new codebase rather than the old? Hi Creator! Could you explain why your original code would have worked for 1,000 people, but not scale up to 12,000 even though it has no central infrastructure? @Todd, excellent summary, well written. Bill is most likely a friend of Lima's like most of the Pom Pom squad here. This user's account has been deleted. Hi Creator! Could you explain why your original code would have worked for 1,000 people, but not scale up to 12,000 even though it has no central infrastructure? I would like a refund! Thank you Consolidated List of People Wanting A Lima device Refund --------------------------------------------------- *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* --------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 75. Thomas Orzechowski 74. tris 73. Guilherme Mori 72. Margaret Donohue 71. Ingo Stengl 70. Jeramie Johnson 69. Drew Tennimon 68. Benjamin Jacob Wehmann 67. Sébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>"preorder" of a device that has no official release date. Mismanagement would be an understatement. Bill, your entitled to your opinion. Shake your pom-pomspom-poms to your hearts content. Please refrain from insulting other people who have a better understanding of the situation than you do. Lima should at minimum refund those who want a refund. Period. If their product is close to being ready, and they believe in it, they should have no problem covering the refund with new orders. After all, they're offering preorders for more money than what they charged backers here. Lima should start answering questions. Especially those pertaining to security. Lima should do a lot of things. In an ideal world things would be different. In reality, they're acting very much like a company with something to hide. Companies with a solid foundation and understanding of their product can communicate. Companies who are legitimately aware of there product's functions and operation do not have to dodge basic inquiries like Lima is ignoring here. The bottom line is this, we all have a choice. We can choose to be victims or even willing participants in Lima's experiment here. Or we can choose to call them out on the numerous issues with the situation we're all involved in here. Make a choice for yourself. My suggestion is, choose not to install this product onto your system until we all have more information and clarification on how it functions and what the possible implications are regarding security. Choose wisely. Juste received today!! Thank you guys. I'm already testing the iPhone app and macos. Turns out you have to sign up to some dodgy marketing website to get what you have already paid for!!! @ ALL BACKERS <url>"reaping what you sow". 74. tris 73. Guilherme Mori 72. Margaret Donohue 71. Ingo Stengl 70. Jeramie Johnson 69. Drew Tennimon 68. Benjamin Jacob Wehmann 67. Sébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>"negative", I ask you to review the very long list of complaints lodged against CGC in those posts - and CGC's complete failure to address the majority of them - and, at the very least, acknowledge we have the right to be upset. For my own part, I feel I have been intentionally misled, lied to, and defrauded. I don't care if Lima turns out to be the greatest device​ ​ever built; I want my money back. To CGC I say: refund my money in full and I will never post here or anywhere else about your company or product. Since your debacle with Ozymandias, we now KNOW that you can and do give refunds, So...GIVE ME MY MONEY BACK! #Fraud , #Lies , #Delays , #Theft, #Scam REFUND NOW!​ Just received yesterday. Testing started. Thanks With all the terrible posts I was worried when my device showed up today. Worried it would under-perform, or not work at all. But today I am happily surprised by the quick setup process. I synced a few files and then streamed a movie to my Chromecast without issues. I know it took a long time to get to this point, but the hate here is really blown out of proportions. It even came with some very cool earphones! CGC - Is there any answer to the question why your original code would have worked for 1000 people, but not scale up to 12,000 despite no central infrastructure? CGC, is there any progress on the refunds for the 73 people here who have requested them? Surely you can do that! Have you ever noticed that the backers who still support CGC offer only criticism of the backers who don't? That is, you never see them say anything good about Lima (for the obvious reason,) so instead content themselves with calling others childish or misinformed. At some point, every one of us will realize that CGC took money under false pretenses, strung us along, and failed to deliver on their dates and promises. Some of us just take a little longer to get there. just arrived. slick packaging. Easy to set up and get going. Feels like a sophisticated piece of kit. running on Mac Pro - osx 10.10.3 CGC as per original project please detail escro company who is holding your source code to release to backers if you should go under @Johny "This message doesn't not involve my other colleagues" that's a double negative, LOL, so the person speaks for everyone Nice package, install ok but what ?? LIMA is not OS X 10.8 compatible ! difficult for me to keep common disque space with various OSX version. Just signed the NDA and gave the adress. Why I do not even know. I suppose that there will be no hardware changes, so the chnages will be all soft side. They promised Linux, i still do not have ti and since it is Linux at home i will use Android as test program. Let's see what it does. Also don't forget where they posted a supportive comment as a backer from the cgc account trying to spin / control the comments section. Definitely the practice of a company with nothing to hide even then There seems to be s lot of negative comments on here which is understandable as people don't like to wait for anything, however I'll say what I experienced: Received Lima yesterday, nicely packaged and with a nice gesture of earphones. Easy to setup although requiring a blank empty drive to plug in is a pain. Power plug adapter is a bit flimsy and easily rotates itself off the plug depending on the angle it is plugged in at. It crashed 02 times, however I expect this as it is a Beta software so that's fine. One of the times it disappeared from the computer and had to unplug both in order to get it recognised again. Again expected for a Beta so that okay. Stored some non essential files and accessed from computer and an app and works okay so far, as long as development progresses I'm happy I backed this. I'm a little concerned with comments on potential lack of security and would appreciate a Lima comment to be left to allay fears of opening up all files to unknown persons. Possible or not? Overall satisfied, keep up the hard work guys Reposting the link to where Lima called a backer a bastard. <url>"reaping what you sow". 73. Guilherme Mori 72. Margaret Donohue 71. Ingo Stengl 70. Jeramie Johnson 69. Drew Tennimon 68. Benjamin Jacob Wehmann 67. Sébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>#3 sounds like spicy anal seepage. Creator said: "@Andry, I’m sorry your experience with Lima is not yet as good as it should be. The AMA on reddit is a great idea and we will definitely think about it." CGC....doing an AMA on Reddit? Ohpleaseohpleaseohpleaseohplease.... BWAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!! CGC, I dare you to do a Reddit AMA. I double dare you. Let's be honest here, CGC; there isn't a chance in hell you'd do an AMA. Reason #1: You don't have the balls. Reason #2: You'd have to actually ANSWER SOME DIFFICULT QUESTIONS. Reason #3: The amount of damage that Reddit would do to your collective rectal tissue would be...incalculable. And so...frigging...glorious...to behold. So instead of wasting time "thinking" about doing an AMA on Reddit, I'd suggest you pack of spend your time on something within the realm of possibility. How's about, oh, say, giving me my money back? That's something that could actually happen. *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** I don't care if Lima turns out to be the greatest device​ ​ever built; I want my damn money back. CGC, refund my money in full and I will never post here or anywhere else about your company or product. Since your debacle with Ozymandias, we now KNOW that you can and do give refunds, So...GIVE ME MY MONEY BACK! #Fraud , #Lies , #Delays , #Theft REFUND NOW!​ @creator do you have schedule to release new version? if not could you possibly do that? just like facebook or instagram they push update weekly. I know it's different app with that but it something you need to push your team to deliver a better experiment periodically especially when it's on beta. Super excited to finally get my Lima and test it! Can't wait for the unified Mac feature. Hi @Gerold sorry for typing your name previously, yes Infuse you can access it outside your network but it depends on your router, as long as it don't block it. Wow! Façade is slowly crumbling more and more. I predict that soon Lima will begin threatening, I mean reminding, beta testers about their ridiculous NDA. Hopefully more beta testers will flood this comment section with the truth soon. Strength in numbers. Don't forget, we paid them. At this point, they're so far behind that it's practically hopeless to imagine a satisfying conclusion. How about that guy they called a bastard and then refunded? They got kickstarter to ban him from here too since after the refund he wasn't technically a backer anymore. Don't forget. We haven't Lima. You said your software was ready. We were backing the hardware. Liars. Fraud. Charlatans. Bait and switch. Scam. It's pretty crazy how trusting people are with their files and security Haha. Lima has trouble handling large quantity of files? Good thing nobody owns terabyte drives or anything crazy like that. All you people installing Lima's software and opening firewall ports are insane. After all the nonsense from CGC / Lima, there's zero chance I would ever install anything with their name on it or that was developed by any of their employees. "copying a huge quantity of files can “freeze” Lima at this point. It’s a bug we’re aware of" -yeah, that seems like a edge case in file storage aggregator. Not surprised you didn't catch that earlier. -.- Happy Lima backer! many questions still answered: Why couldn't code for 1000 not scale up to 12,000 especially seeing how there should be no central infrastructure Why was CGC company formed using KS money which was direct violation of KS terms Why throw away 2 years of coding and starting again Does Lima gather meta data when data has to be routed through your servers is any data being gathered (file traffic should be encrypted but other data can be gathered) Are there any security holes in the device seeing how it tries to switch on UPNP by default it worries me that other security issues are being hidden Servers that route data, where are they based? have they been through penetration testing? Has coding been through 3rd party audit many questions still answered: Why couldn't code for 1000 not scale up to 12,000 especially seeing how there should be no central infrastructure Why was CGC company formed using KS money which was direct violation of KS terms Why throw away 2 years of coding and starting again Does Lima gather meta data when data has to be routed through your servers is any data being gathered (file traffic should be encrypted but other data can be gathered) Are there any security holes in the device seeing how it tries to switch on UPNP by default it worries me that other security issues are being hidden Servers that route data, where are they based? have they been through penetration testing? Has coding been through 3rd party audit Hi there! Just starting to test. <url>#q=personal%20cloud%20file%20streaming Is there something similar for Windows? @Andry: I have Windows 8.1, so no infuse for me. Does infose actually also stream files which are not in the same network? @Gerald If you are in apple ecosystem, Infuse + Time Capsule/airport extreme with ext HDD, is my current setup for streaming and it don't require to download the whole file to play the movie. I just got the lima device, but where is the Beta key? I did not get any email - thank you Elwin Rob, sadly that seems to be normal behavior. With me, the Lima drives disappear after a little more than 1 hour. Copying large files is impossible. Received my 2 Lima devices. One appears to have a broken power adapter, as when I connect it up to the network switch and hard drive - nothing happens. An LED on the device would be helpful. When I connected the other power adapter, the network switch and hard drive started up. Setup ran, but when I attempted to transfer my music to the device, it copied some files and then disappeared from the list of drives (Windows 7). On restarting, the auto-crash notitication came up asking to describe the issue, but the Lima drive still isn't available. @KC: Enlighten me, please. Consolidated List of People Wanting A Lima device Refund --------------------------------------------------- *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* --------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 72. Margaret Donohue 71. Ingo Stengl 70. Jeramie Johnson 69. Drew Tennimon 68. Benjamin Jacob Wehmann 67. Sébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>"streaming presence" of a file (I do not know how else to express that). All of the other products require you to actually download the file before you can use it, while Lima for me eliminates exactly this requirement. I agree, there is still a long way to go. And I would like Lima to solve those problems rather sooner than later, but for now I see the glass to be half full rather than half empty. Got my devices today: 1. As others have mentioned, LED on the device would be really helpful. 2. During installation, I chose a password that wasn't "safe enough", this made the whole install process crash. I restarted the process, chose a better password and this time it crashed again. Next time it announced that I aleady have created an account so I just logged in and everything seems to be working. Only thing is that now I have two Lima drives showing up and I am not sure how to remove the extra one.. (Windows 10, newest Lima client, fyi) 3. A feature that I really want to see is to do with hard drives that already have files on them.. If Lima could just somehow add them to Lima drive automatically, it would save me (and others) a lot of hassle. 4. The packaging and the presentation of the device is really nice. It's been a long and a bumpy road and I understand both all the people asking for a refund and I also sort of understand CGC not giving refunds (however, you would've saved yourself lot of hassle by just refunding people who don't want Lima anymore) but I hope you keep up the good work, thanks for not abandoning the project and I hope that in next few months Lima will become the device we all want it to be. Thanks! @Matthew Lavin, they use VLC as the core for video, and VLC is not yet as good as desktop version. I mean I got frustrated on waiting and now frustrated on using it..... Hi Severin/@creator care the schedule AMA in reddit? I'm sure it will be interesting and you will understand your situation here.This product is poor and buggy, transferring file will get disconnected most of the time, I will try to be more patient and wait for the next 4 weeks, if there's no improvement with stability I will assume you can't deliver, and it's a total failure, perhaps I'm might send it to will-it-blend youtube channel owner. Another day in another week in another month that is over a year past the promised delivery date for a product that no longer matches the description of the product for which I pledged..... *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** I don't care if Lima turns out to be the greatest device​ ​ever built; I want my damn money back. CGC, refund my money in full and I will never post here or anywhere else about your company or product. Since your debacle with Ozymandias, we now KNOW that you can and do give refunds, So...GIVE ME MY MONEY BACK! #Fraud , #Lies , #Delays , #Theft REFUND NOW!​ I set mine up, I'm liking the having all that music avail. However, video is a different story. Some video plays fine, but some does not play at all. I'm not sure if its the speed of the drive or too hi ez of a file. I'm using a 4gb thumb drive! Just set up my Lima and have synced 125 National Lampoon magazines. So far so good! Got My Lima yesterday and have been testing it the whole day today and realised that once I transfer numerous files at a time, the Lima will just be "dropped off" from my Laptop (my primary device); but the good thing is my secondary devices like my ipad & Android phone are still synced to Lima. Only when I restart my laptop, then Lima will appear again on my laptop. FYI, I restarted the laptop 4-5 times as of this writing...just to get Lima to "open" again. Hope the team can get it to stabilize ASAP.:( @mitch something to look forward to, should I upgrade my OS now and not have Lima running or should I wait til updates, nothing like having client software dictating OS choice.... After 2 years my Lima finally arrived. A Linux client was promised, no Linux client is in sight. So I tested in a VM and installed the Android app. Conclusions: - A Windows client that does not provide the promised features. - An Android client that is not more than a proof of concept. - Syncing seems to stop when the Android client is not in foreground. - Syncing is slow as hell. - No Linux client. Well, this thing is worse than Own Cloud on a Raspberry Pi. It is slow, the Android client is a joke. I uninstalled everything. In the last 2 years I always, well guys, take your time, better a good product than a fast delivered but bad product. But Lima is a delayed and bad product. It's a joke. If anybody wants to buy a barely used Lima, feel free to contact me at kk[at]sesom[.]de ... many questions still answered: Why couldn't code for 1000 not scale up to 12,000 especially seeing how there should be no central infrastructure Why was CGC company formed using KS money which was direct violation of KS terms Why throw away 2 years of coding and starting again Does Lima gather meta data when data has to be routed through your servers is any data being gathered (file traffic should be encrypted but other data can be gathered) Are there any security holes in the device seeing how it tries to switch on UPNP by default it worries me that other security issues are being hidden Servers that route data, where are they based? have they been through penetration testing? Has coding been through 3rd party audit My "beta" Lima is on its way to its new "home": my desktop. Can't wait starting squashing some bugs... and syncing my files in the process. Or is it all the way around? :) I have now started to use my Lima , and installed the android app. The only problem during Install was that I needed to open some ports in my up tables firewall. This user's account has been deleted. Just received my lima device after waiting for sooooooooooooooooooooooo long. Excited to start using. I believe the idea is now little bit diluted with many other native apps by the apple and google. Still want to try what different experience this will bring. Was one of first 200 backers and opted to recive beta device and after more then a year delay still have nothing. I just got signed for beta annd my device is OMW. Lima is a joke. No DNLA? No multiple Lima device support? No answers. Lies. Delays. Fraud. Bait and Switch. SCAM. Truth is, after all this time- what excuse is there for still not being ready? There isn't one. The fact that they are still soliciting sales should be investigated. You can't reinvent your product AFTER your backers have already funded you. Charlatans. Fraud. Deceit. Lies. Wasted time and money. The fact that they charge around $100 WITHOUT a drive is proof enough that there are far better options available. WD MyCloud is one example that comes to mind. Sorry sad state of affairs. Kickstarter fooled me. NEVER AGAIN. Just got my Lima to join the beta program! Very elegant design for the hardware, software, and product packaging. The software still has a few kinks, but it's on the right track. Hoping for the Linux version soon! Just got my device! Beautiful packaging and a little surprised by the earphones provided with hte Lima. Then I started testing. first, I'm a bit disappointed as I'm mainly running a Linux PC and the beta is not available for Linux... I installed Lima on another windows PC where it ran with no problem and on my Android phone (a bit complex process for the beta) I also installed it on Win7 virtualbox on my Linux, seems to work. Hopefully, a beta version for Linux will arrive soon... I am beginning to test Lima! Just got my device yesterday! <url>​I don't care if Lima turns out to be the greatest device​ ​ever built; I want my damn money back. CGC, refund my money in full and I will never post here or anywhere else about your company or product. Since your debacle with Ozymandias, we now KNOW that you can and do give refunds, So...GIVE ME MY MONEY BACK! #Fraud , #Lies , #Delays , #Theft REFUND NOW!​ I got my Lima yesterday. And when it comes to the booting step, Lima failed. It might be something about the Internet connection. You know, in China we can't use Google Facebook or Twitter without a VPN. I'm dying to get my Lima to work immediately!! @Gerold -Lima is also not able to deliver what they "conceptually" say they want to. How can you look at more mature products than Lima and consider them inferior because Lima says that "some day" it will be better than them. That seems daft. My Lima has yet to arrive, It's been lost in the mail the last 2.5 years. Instead of helping me track the item, Lima called me a bastard. Hi guys the Lima app is draining the battery. it is not letting the device to go to sleep and he is awake all the time and the result is poor battery life. The Lima device disconnects all the time and i have to reset it . it hardly works on mobile and on wi fi the file transfer is extremely slow. going to remove the app from my phone and c what happens with the battery life. THE BOTTOM LINE IS THAT THIS DEVICE WAS INTRODUCED TO US PRE-MATURELY AND IT IS NOT REDY EVEN FOR ALFA STATE!!! Been testing the Lima out for the past few weeks. I find the application itself very limited, though thats expected in BETA stage however is it just me or is the transfer of files incredibly slow? Ive decided to transfer my movie and tv series over to the Lima however it literally takes forever to send the files over. Right now im sure its just stuck. There is no indication on the progress on an individual file basis. When is the next update of features due? @lokiracer, don't be silly. Your cat caught on fire because something was drawing too much power. Everyone knows the internet (and computers) run on cats. It was merely being consumed to provide energy for some process. Very disapointed with the client service with the beta ... No response for ticket #17246... You continue to ignore backers like you did all these past months.., I just got the lima device, but where is the Beta key? I did not get any email - thank you Elwin Received the device yesterday(!!!). Late, but at least it´s here now. Installation a pleasantly smooth experience. I have continuously tried out most of the available own-hosted cloud products in the past five years (Owncloud, BTSync, iFolder, Pydio, Transporter) and most of the professional server based ones, and none of them is conceptually able to deliver what Lima does. Having seen through what kind of trouble Owncloud and BTSync have gone to improve their product´, and to what avail, I understand the time it needed for the Lima people to craft their product. Kudos for that. However, many Kinks remain. Lima constantly drops off the radar, reinstalled devices cannot be deleted from the device list and several more. However, I guess that these are minor problems compared to the overall task and I hope Lima will iron out those kinks. A word of warning though: If they fail doing so, the product will fail completely. @mgilbert65 I got mine from email with subject: Important: Your Lima Activation Code <url>​I don't care if Lima turns out to be the greatest device​ ​ever built; I want my damn money back. CGC, refund my money in full and I will never post here or anywhere else about your company or product. Since your debacle with Ozymandias, we now KNOW that you can and do give refunds, So...GIVE ME MY MONEY BACK! #Fraud , #Lies , #Delays , #Theft REFUND NOW!​ Got my Lima few weeks ago. I have it installed with one HD of 2TB. I haven't used it that much. All my content is Linux and there is not Linux client yet. Just uploaded some pics from my Android. Waiting for the Linux client. I've had my Lima for two weeks now. There were some setup issues, but that was sorted out quickly by support and so far my Lima has been running great with my test file set. I'm looking forward to the finished product and future features. Estoy muy contento de usar Lima. No he tenido mucho tiempo para ver su funcionamiento en profundidad pero me parece un extraordinario trabajo. Intentaré ayudar en la medida de mis posibilidades. Ánimo y enhorabuena!!!! I running Lima since about two weeks now and there was some issue but what a promising concept! I can't wait to have the unified devices. Keep going! I have my beta version for close to four weeks or so and through the two application updates and responses from the developers it had progressed quite far. The packaging design is impressive as is the technical side. I look forward to seeing more features enabled. Have received all my beta Limas and looking forward to updated app. YAY, by fall all options will be fully functional! I just set up my Lima as a beta tester. I'm looking forward to helping the Lima team with their ongoing efforts to debug and improve the product. Keep up the good work Lima team! :) @Annette: copy the files. The software is stil in beta so its wise to have a backup of all your music @casey do you think it is necessary to be audited in beta release or should it wait until the publish release v1.0? I have signed the petition though. @creator I do have the SRT file in the same folder and with the exact same movie file name, somehow on the third time trying after I read your comment it shows the subtitle, also please have the option of choosing subtitle languages in future release. I guess now you make me become the victim of a "Stockholm Syndrome", and boy do I have the choice except helping you to fix the product by testing it out. DLNA is a must, I am using sony blu-ray built in DLNA player, I don't want apple TV yet as it still sucks and chromecast is rare here, so I hope you can implement it in near release. @creator Do I move files to the Lima folders or copy them? I'd like to put my entire music library there, I just need to know how. Feel like clicking this link, sign the petition for the code to be audited by a third party source so we know for sure they are not snaking out our private data for themselves to profit for selling to third party advertisers. <url>"6mouths" pass and you guys dont update the firmware for correct the bugs? Because in your agreement you dont talk will still update the firmwares until its OK for the costumer or will be a refund etc.. Could you guys clarify that. Thanks @Creator - Could you please explain why the original codebase would have worked for your original project goal size but would not work for the 12,000 people who actually backed that codebase? Using my Lima for the 1st time, going well so far! .. And to make this story complete: I used a netbook, win7 / 32bit, 1gig memory ... After you have succesfuly uploaded the large file you can mark it as offline so it's only on you Lima. I have uploaded movies > 2GB this way. @Nahum @Creator: I had the same problem. The sollution: rightclick on the folder you want to copy that large file to > Lima > Mark all as offline. Then copy that large file in this folder and it should work ok. If not: during the upload, click on the file or the folder the file is located in and again mark this as available offline. What I Think is happening: during the upload of a large file to Lima in a folder that is marked as "all online" (it looks like it has this setting by default) the file is deleted for the offline part so during transfer the source is getting lost (damn its hard to describe this). For some reason Lima can't handle this and stops the L: The Lima itself is still connected. (Also weird) lol @ signing the beta NDA with dickbutt @sinnyc, i can't really say i'm glad... i'm just giving it a small last chance... for my money. (backed 2 lima's) and i guess i'm hoping it'll be the best thing in the world (yes very naive) @Provost I do wish you luck. Honestly, I'm not trying to piss on anybody's parade; if you like this device and it works for you and you wish to keep it, I'm glad that you're glad. For me, well... It's the principle of the thing. I feel lied to and defrauded. I don't think I have to repeat that I want a refund. But I will }:] CGC, GIVE ME MY MONEY BACK!!! And @Andry Your comment "...then when I participate the beta and drawing dickbutt on the signature I get the device. Frustrating.", had me laughing as much as anything I've read here in quite a while. Frustrating, indeed! I got called from DHL and the stuff should be in my hand in a couple of minutes, I think I read somewhere that lima admitted their android app is sucks and rubbish, since I am using mac and iphone i hope the experience is different. However will be more pleasant if I can just return the device and get a full refund off it, it's just I have sent them a message for a refund but the simply they ignored it, then when I participate the beta and drawing dickbutt on the signature I get the device. Frustrating. @sinnyc well, Rodolfo made a good review-ish comment. Now that i have lima, i'm still going to give it spin. I hope the experience gets better as the beta is hm well... i thought that the development would be standing a lot closer towards the endgoals, after all this time. Got my two devices today (of which I of course can't use the second one because the "backup-plan" isn't implemented). If I post a video of setting the stuff on fire, can I get a refund without having to return it? It's buggy as hell (which I could sort of empathize with as a beta but not a massively delayed beta when a production grade product was what was promised) and very slow. I've tried both the windows application and the android app and they're both a mess. I installed the application on a second windows machine (bad idea), that seems to have taken stuff down for the first windows machine and the phone app and the second windows machine I can't actually communicate with the plug or it's disk. when can I update my mailing address? @Margaret Donohue I worked with credit card initiate a fraud investigation. I sent them the details from this web site, numerous email exchanges between me and the CGC team etc. It was enough for my bank to refund my money and open a case. Woot! @Creator - Could you please explain why the original codebase would have worked for your original project goal size but would not work for the 12,000 people who actually backed that codebase? Let's go!!! :) I'm in for the ride! @ikalios - But Lima is innovative! They are disrupting the storage market! There is nothing else like it!!! Since I discovered Airstream, I don't need that thing anymore. It works flawlessly, is free and doesn't mess with your data. I thought Lima would do the same thing when my computer is closed, not the mess it looks it is. @Rodolfo, Thank you so much for your detailed posting about your experience with the current iteration of Lima. That one post contained more useful information than anything I've ever seen from CGC. Thanks also to @Provost for confirming Rodolfo's experiences. *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** ​I don't care if Lima turns out to be the greatest device​ ​ever built; I want my damn money back. CGC, refund my money in full and I will never post here or anywhere else about your company or product. Since your debacle with Ozymandias, we now KNOW that you can and do give refunds, So...GIVE ME MY MONEY BACK! #Fraud , #Lies , #Delays , #Theft REFUND NOW!​ @Creator - Could you please explain why the original codebase would have worked for your original project goal size but would not work for the 12,000 people who actually backed that codebase? Consolidated List of People Wanting A Lima device Refund --------------------------------------------------- *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* --------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 72. Margaret Donohue 71. Ingo Stengl 70. Jeramie Johnson 69. Drew Tennimon 68. Benjamin Jacob Wehmann 67. Sébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>"reaping what you sow". 71. Ingo Stengl 70. Jeramie Johnson 69. Drew Tennimon 68. Benjamin Jacob Wehmann 67. Sébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>úzar had. copied 3.5 GB to Lima and got disconnected.When i try to open a document on my device it says Lima is not connected... bat i c it in my file explorer on my computer. closed the app reset the Lima device and steal get the same problem. @Rodolfo, It seems like you want a simple NAS unit. I wholeheartedly suggest you search the internet for "Raspberry Pi NAS" - cheap, and you get to learn a bit about Linux. Disclaimer: I have enough Raspberry Pi that I could probably tile the floor. Just got my Lima setup today! Everything installed without a hitch. I am currently using an extra hard drive I have lying around that is plugged into a Vantec 2.5" & 3.5" Dual Bay SATA to SuperSpeed USB 3.0 Hard Drive Dock. I was hoping that Lima would recognize the two hard drives that I have in the dock, but it only sees one at this point. Not sure if support for multiple drives in one device was ever considered or not, or if it is even a possibility. Regardless, the drive that is connected to the Lima is working flawlessly at this time. @Creator - Could you please explain why the original codebase would have worked for your original project goal size but would not work for the 12,000 people who actually backed that codebase? By the way my ver is 0.8.1 i got a new 1TB HDD connected to Lima so i didn't encounter those problems yet... so i will inform you guys if it happens to me as well. Hi all got my Lima last weekend. Just done with the setup(went just fine...) starting to test it. tried to stream a movie with it and it got stuck.... keep on testing. @Rodolfo thank you for your elaborate comment. I've having the same experience like you did. I expect to get it better when the updates roll in.(hopefully) My experience with Lima 0.8 I received my Lima the past week, and I tried out. This was more or less what happened: I had a little trouble getting the device connected to the network. The Ethernet cable is really short, and my modem is far from the electric plug. I used some other cable, and it didn’t work. I don’t know if it was because of the cable, or just a random problem. Finally I used the provided cable, the Lima had to remain kind of floating in the tension between the Ethernet cable to the modem, the energy cable to the plug and the hard drive. First problem, the hard drive connected to the device should be empty. I recently purchased a new HD, and I had about 300 GB on it, that I moved to another external HD. It was a nuisance, but it was over more or less quickly. Then I was good to go. The Lima drive appeared in the file explorer with no problem after I setup the account. I copied a file, no problem. It was faster than I expected, and that made me happy. I could access it through my phone and tablet. Good (though installing the app in my android phone was another pain, because I had to deactivate Ad Free, or it wouldn’t open the crashalytics site). Then I went on to copy all the files I previously moved to the old HD to the one connected to Lima (where they originally were). I copied a full directory (more or less 70 GB) and after a few minutes, there was an error. Could not copy a file, “device disconnected” or “not detected” or something like that. The Lima had disappeared from the root. I closed the app and open it again, and the Lima drive appeared again. I decided to try with smaller chunks. It would be a pain, but I thought that if it was only this first time, it was OK. After this “setup phase”, I would probably move/copy files in small amounts to the drive. It still gave me errors every now and then, even copying less than 1 GB at a time. Sometimes it worked fine, sometimes it stopped, and I had to reinitiate the app in order to see the Lima drive again. I didn’t like it, but I was able to go on with it. I wanted it to work for me, after all this time and the money expended. Suddenly, I get a “low free space on the hard drive” alert. What? I had around 45 GB of free space in the notebook hard drive, and I was moving from one external hard drive to another. A little research, and it turns out that Lima keeps a copy of the files in the Lima drive in the main hard drive. WTF? This is how it is supposed to extend my computer? This is how supposedly I would get 1,3 or more GB with external drives always everywhere? I find out that it was possible to mark files or directories so it won’t keep a copy in the main HD, and I did that. It took a little time to erase what it was already written in the main HD, and it left a huge database file (500 Mb, for files amounting 30 GB in Lima, I don’t know if the db file would increase more if I were to put 500gb or more in the Lima). Yet, I keep with it. I continue copying files, in a directory marked as “do not keep files in main HD”. But I had to change the properties for each new file/directory I copied, since it did not “pushed down” that property to the newly added files. I was doing this, when I decided to try a file on the Lima. I had done that before, and it worked fine. But now, without the copy in the mail HD, it did not. It didn’t work on my notebook, nor in my phone, nor in my tablet. So I gave up. I deinstalled the Lima app from my computer and other devices, and I decided to re-copy all the files to the external HD as I had them before. Another surprise: the structure was not that of a normal drive. There were a lot of folders, and the files had different names (letters and numbers), and even the extensions were different. So if I use a drive in Lima, it get useless for anything else (like, for example, carrying the files offline in a trip or to a friend’s house). I had to erase everything again, and start copying the files…again. So that was it. I put the Lima back on its box, and away. I am willing to give it another chance, when 1.0 or above comes out, to see if there are improvements. A lot more options on setup and configuration would be nice (like not keep a copy by default, and maintain folder structure). What I would really want, right now, is that some kind developer could transform this device (a neat idea, and good size) into something practical: a device where I can connect one or more external hard drives (with a hub, for more than one, obviously) and it gets connected to my network, and I would be able to see it in my notebook file explorer as a new drive, and through my other devices (phone, tablet, smart TV). That’s all I want. Given the fact that it kind of do something like that, it shouldn’t be difficult for someone with knowledge to do that, right? The hardware is there, at least… Hope this helps someone either understands how the device work, or lower their expectations, or improve the functionality, or whatever. Right now, I kind of feel that I wasted my money in something that I won’t use, that does not do what it promised, it arrived very late and it is kind of obsolete (or at least outdated) as it is, for its price. Well, I think this is one of the risk on backing a KS, but it is a shame. I really wonder what they DO HAD when they started the crowfunding. @KokLeong: on your phone go to: install.meetlima.com. You are then pointed to the download. If you get the message you have to install the desktopclient first, try using the default browser on your phone. finally got my beta unit now.....cant seem to get the app link for my phone..so i will have to wait then.. @BrianS -That's exactly the point. It makes no sense that you can't scale up a "private cloud" that does not depend on centralized infrastructure. The only possible impact 12k users would have is requiring a larger support department, but certainly not a code change. When confronted with this, CGC pretended to not hear the question. They've been misleading and abusing backer trust since day one. @KC >> The ridiculous "reason" was: 'the original code would not have worked for 12k' people. Which is amazing, because I seem to remember the device being pushed a self-contained unit. Meaning, it wouldn't have to work for 12,000+ people, just one. Wait, doesn't it still do this? I'm confused. What IS this thing supposed to do? I put my request in to get the device and be done with it, but no reply yet. Where can i report bugs? My Lima is on the way, expected delivery this Thursday, hope everything goes as advertised To be fair I have to say that my beginnings in Lima were frustrating. I could not configure the system with any computer. But the boys of the technical service helped me solve all the problems and I am currently enjoying the invention. Thank you very much. Got it, hooked it up, testing it out, loving it so far Easy to set up and sync between my phone, desktop and boyfriend's phone. Looking forward to more beta testing. Starting Lima beta testing!!! Excited... Ok. I've started testing Lima as well now. Looking forward to using it. They have publicly admitted that the python coded solution we backed was abandoned for a C+ rewrite. The ridiculous "reason" was: 'the original code would not have worked for 12k' people. That means, they meant to sell a non-viable solution to a few people, but when many were fooled by their marketing and backed them, CGC decided to become a real company and use your pledges as VC seed money. All very shady. All violations of the ToS @BeCause - CGC had to use the money to create the item in the project, they chose to start the coding from scratch. They aren't allowed to use KS money to start a business, I believe Penelope was employed before the Partech money came in so to my mind a PR person is not directly needed to code / distribution / hardware production so in my mind that is when the company formed so some of our money went to company formation. There will be others but those are the two big ones @sinnyc, I disagree wit merijn. Continue to repost your comment and even pm the creators on a daily basis. You could be lucky enough to get your refund like ozymendias. What were the TOS breaches? Another week has passed. had to replace a faulty UTP cable that came with the original package other than that Lima is running smooth and stable. I&R Another week has passed. had to replace a faulty UTP cable that came with the original package other than that Lima is running smooth and stable. I&R @Merijn, you are a nice person, but honestly you ask WAY more of the backers than you do of the creators. What do you think they should do? We've done our part; we gave them $1.2 million dollars. To make it better they should have made the item they received money for. Going forward they need to confirm their servers have been pen tested and are secure. They need to update the system not to turn on UPNP by default. They need to confirm they aren't collecting meta data. They need to put their code out for review to confirm there are no issues. Finally they need to give refunds for those of us who want them as they are in breach of KS TOS. 5 things they could do but none will be. I too see that CGC made mistakes. I would have done things differently. It is my job to control projects. It is my job to communicate. I can come here and keep pointing out everything CGC did wrong. I can focus all my attention at the point were they are going to make the next mistake, which they will. At the end that will lead to nothing that shall satisfy me. I'm am a backer on Kickstarter because I want to support someone, a team, a group, a company that has the dream of making something they believe in. Mistakes, stupid mistakes and miscommunication are part of what I expect is going to happen. I still believe CGC is believing in their dream, in their product. And as long they are working their buts off trying to get me a part of their dream I am willing to support them. I can use my knowledge in a negative way to bring them down. I'd rather see where I can be of any help. Being negative is easy. Anyone can shout, anyone can repeat a few lines they thought of after a few beers. The majority of KS backers are professionals, are people with expertise. Put that to good use. Advice, tell them what can make this product better and know mistakes will continue to happen. @merjin ​I don't care if Lima turns out to be the greatest device​ ​ever built; I want my damn money back. CGC, refund my money in full and I will never post here or anywhere else about your company or product. Since your debacle with Ozymandias, we now KNOW that you can and do give refunds, So...GIVE ME MY MONEY BACK! #Fraud , #Lies , #Delays , #Theft REFUND NOW!​ sinnyc, repeating yourself over and over again does not make your point stronger. After copy/pasting the same paragraph so many times it looks like that is all you can do: copy/pasting. ​I don't care if Lima turns out to be the greatest device​ ​ever built; I want my damn money back. CGC, refund my money in full and I will never post here or anywhere else about your company or product. Since your debacle with Ozymandias, we now KNOW that you can and do give refunds, So...GIVE ME MY MONEY BACK! #Fraud , #Lies , #Delays , #Theft REFUND NOW!​ No like how everytime someone speaks truth here, we get multiple empty messages from CGC trying to push it downpage. Them calling a backer a bastard is just one example of what they try to hide. The performance limitations and competitors to this craptastic fiasco are some others. KC - what you mean like using the official mailbox to call a backer a bastard? -Like a cat trying to bury things in the litterbox. Lima is NOT an advanced file server. It is a USB JBOD with outdated hardware specs (USB2, 100Mb) The network bottleneck is built into the device by bad design choices The software has not been code reviewed and is not open source, -you cannot say anything about it whatsoever except that it took too long and appears. Nothing Lima does is not done by other vendors/solutions <url>"And there is nothing like it on the market." This is not true. Lima is just another personal cloud product. It does nothing that the rest don't do, except to lie and abuse their backers while selling them long delays to receive outdated hardware and unreviewed software. UPnP is just one example of their approach to security. If you value your data, never let your Lima out of the sandbox. @Jonas, I don't think opening up a high port is necessarily bad, as long as the user knows what that port is. Even better if device needing said port doesn't respond to anything other than it's own codes. (I wonder how many things Lima responds to.) Allowing the user to pick a port (if needed) would be better. The software could easily enforce simple rules, like port > 20000 while filtering out the known used ones. I can see why they want to use uPnP, it save the trouble of users having to forward ports on their router. It doesn't make it right, however. That being said, if this device requires uPnP to work, it's not going to do diddly/squat for me. @Jonas, I shouldn't have to set up special network work around just to get Lima to work and it is really scary that Lima tries to switch on UPNP by default as most buyers will be un aware that is what it does and what it means to their security! @Jonas, where will your main activities be? Within the city center, Novotel and Intercityhotel are two neat hotel for about 100EUR. If you would like something below 100 EUR, you can try Ibis budget just next to the Novotel for 50-60ish EUR. And to my standard is neat and clean but budget. Hope that helps. Regards. I'm not that much into networking. But, I have started a project of building my own router in Linux. Do you think it is possible to route all UPnP requests to a single device? And, let the rest go through as if UPnP was not enabled? TC, sorry off topic, but could you recommend me a cosy hotel in Hannover (about 100 euros)? I know UPnP is bad. A simple workaround would be to set up a separate router/VLAN? For the record, I do not allow uPNP to be enabled on any firewall device I set up. No amount of whining, wheedling, or whatnot will convince me to turn it on. If my client enables it, well, there's a clause in your agreement with me that covers that specific case, on top of unauthorized modifications to the equipment. That's how bad I consider uPnP. @Jonas, The makeuseof article is kind of wordy, so even if you don't read/don't understand/don't whatever, this should be enough to scare you: uPnP enabled devices have the ability, if your router allows it, to silently request that ports be opened to the outside world. A bad device could potentially (or on purpose) open ALL the ports on your firewall - basically that would be as if your firewall wasn't even there anymore and your network was wide open to the world. Open ports means anything can come in, good or bad. Set up an FTP server on port 21 and leave it outside your firewall to see what I mean. Every script kiddie in China will be hitting it within a few hours. @Jonas Please read comments from fellow backer hc (<url>#comment-7073966) and this article (<url>"Estimated delivery: Dec 2013".... Should be a suitable comment for the fact that we are coming up on the 2 year anniversary for the start of this wonderful campaign! "Coming to you - perhaps in 2015 - with hardware that was already outdated in 2013 and software that won't work as promised before 2017"... Christopher, I am not updated about the missing features. But, more importantly, I would like to know in which way the Lima openes up your router to an attack? Hello all, I have now completed the installastion of my betaprogram on my Windows 7 computer and on my Android Device. So far looking good !! Jonas, we are not complaining about the delays but the use of our money to start from scratch on development using old hardware, feature creep, dropping of promised features, by default opening up routers to attack. Delays are not the issue I don't understand why there are so many people complaining about delays. If you invest in a project like this, there is no guarantee that it will ever be finished. I am looking forward to receiving my 4 Limas soon. A long wait, but the product is being shipped. And there is nothing like it on the market. I also received my Lima today. A very long wait indeed, just glad to hold something real after so many delays. Install was really painful. I plugged in the Ethernet cable, then the power to Lima. The unit turned on with lights, and corrupted the firmware on my router. So I had to re-configure all the settings before I could continue. Got it set up, install app, update firmware on the device. Going out of town but will test it soon. I can't believe people think Lima is somehow revolutionary. CGC is just about last to the table if you count the bullshit beta as "at the table." Pretty excited to be starting my pioneering journey. I can't believe people are actually installing their software on their computer. @cgc I've sent multiple emails via the Lima app from OSX and Windows about the troubles I'm having. The first was about 10 days ago. Literally zero response. Is this normal? Please respond. Plugged lima in today, added my 1 TB drive, Lima mounted as a drive in OSX, dragging files to Lima, all works... one question though, files are stored on you harddrive and uploaded to the Lima drive. How do i upload 400 gb to my lima drive when i only have 200 gb on my macbook? "6000th comment! yay!" and only 5000 of them are irate customers demanding refunds! YAY! I just got my Lima device. Will start testing in a few days. A bit worried about the flood on negative comments. BTW, the color-matched headphones in the package are a very nice touch. So received my Lima today, it was a long wait. What can i say? It looks amazing. So far i tried copying many files, HD video streaming, music, all works perfect. I know a lot of people are pissed off at CGC, but they deliver not just a new product, but a whole new concept, and a revolutionary one. So there been some delays, long ones, but we getting something BIG. So stop complain, you are part of something great. be patient, soon everyone will have it. @Shreds Although I will not be thankful when I receive my Lima and I certainly won't thank this p.o.s. "company" for delivering an item that is substantially changed from the item I backed, I wholeheartedly agree with the bulk of your post. Creator accountability and the lack of avenues of recourse for backers are huge problems on crowdfunding sites. Both are exacerbated by the sites' "we've taken our cut, now it's your problem" stance. As I'm a gambler (and how could one not be when pledging on a crowdfunding site?), I'd wager that at some point there will be a significant investigation by the Attorney(s) General of a State or States - possibly leading to a federal investigation - of some crowdfunding project or another that takes in a ton of money and delivers nothing. Hopefully, that will force some changes. Until then, we're at the mercy of the CGCs of the crowdfunding world. ​I don't care if Lima turns out to be the greatest device​ ​ever built; I want my damn money back. CGC, refund my money in full and I will never post here or anywhere else about your company or product. Since your debacle with Ozymandias, we now KNOW that you can and do give refunds, So...GIVE ME MY MONEY BACK! #Fraud , #Lies , #Delays , #Theft REFUND NOW!​ At last, at long long last, my two Limas arrived today. To actually have a product in my hands means so much after all this waiting. I really had given up and I do think that Kickstarter must share the blame and start in future to warn backers against lengthy delays and to make projects be much more realistic about timescales they promote. There should also be a fund for projects that fail to deliver unreasonably. (Triggertrap) KS should also take a financial hand in maybe keeping a large deposit to ensure that projects keep to their promises. Lima is not the worst in this respect. Unfortunately for KS, it is the end.... as even a couple of recent projects I know and trust and know the creators, have lost out, as I will never back any KS projects ever again. Their stance of 'no responsibility', has just lost them my business and that of many other people I know. The model is failed. With some trepidation I will now set these up in separate locations, many miles apart and test all the promises. Hopefully I am back on track and will have the solution I was searching for many moons ago. Keeping the faith has been very difficult, but I will now say "thank you"/merci, for actually delivering the goods. Just got mine today. Although when trying to sync videos to my phone, it crashes. However. Everything else works good so far! I am liking it so far! <url>ète, toi, ou seulement un e-intellectuel ? All setup and ready to go! Starting to back up all my music work! Thanks to the @MeetLima team for the easy installation on my Mac, iPad and iPhone. Android test on a OnePlus One coming soon! Lenart, creators should also use the funds to create the item in their pitch, not throw away two years work, change off the shelf hardware. We should have been using for the last yeah and change. CGC have not put their code for security audit, there is no accounting on the servers that "route data if vpn shouldn't work" so we have no idea on how secure those are, so no it isn't Amazon but as backers we have rights to respect and answers Hi, I just got my Lima and it works great. I even got it working on my Jolla phone that does not run android natively. Now I can even play webms on my phone ! So far I love it :) Hello! Sure, to wait that long for a Kickstarter pledge is not the best thing! But: Kickstarter is not Amazon, there is always a risk of delay or even non delivery, this should be clear to every Kickstarter supporter! I did get my two devices here in Germany and do the beta testing! Many thanks! @Christopher thx for your reply. I found the solution on a support page. Lima supports 8 HDD's connected via a hub. Indeed the drive needs to be empty, prior to installing. I made the mistake of stuffing my drive before installing. Now i have to copy all my files back again to my other drives... @Timo You should be able to follow the shipment via a link in a mail you received. Delivery is fast. It took 2 days. Just got mine and am starting to test it. The installation went easy and so far so good :) Vous devez nettoyer votre pom poms monsieur cheerleader J'ai reçu mon Lima. On va mettre ça en marche. Je ne comprends pas la liste des gens qui ont demandé "depuis des mois" le remboursement de leur souscription - parce qu'il s'agit bien de ça - A quel titre ? Plus envie ? Pas de sous ? Le principe même de ce système de ce type de démarche est le même que l'achat d'un Bordeaux en "Primeur". Vous imaginez que tout le monde fasse ça ?…. Si vous n'êtes pas joueurs, achetez un produit fini au supermarché. En ce qui concerne le produit, il est vraiment trop tôt pour en parler. Package joli, Install facile…… wait and see la suite. A mauvais coucheurs, SALUT. (En français dans le texte) Provost, last I heard you could only plug a single HDD into each unit. As CGC haven't been giving tech updates as KS updates and expecting backers to go chasing information I can not say if it has been fixed yet. From what I have seen being posted do not put in any HD with data on it as the drive will need formatting before use (taken from a few comments from brave backers who posted findings despite the NDA they signed) Finally got my Lima up and running! Can't wait to take for a spin. @CGC, i received my 2 lima's. Unboxing was pleasant. I'm really really glad to have them, finally. Before setting up i have one question: is the hub feature still there? is there a way to check on my lima delivery status? @Darren, The product was scheduled for delivery Dec 2013 and to say that the communication has been "sub-par" would be a nice way of putting it. Anyway, I'm glad that you got your device and that the 18 month delay didn't bother you. Meanwhile, the wait continues for the remaining thousands of us. Testing over here in Southern US! So far so good on iOS and OSX. It is kind of fun reading about all the drama here. Can we get some cheese to go with all the wine? **Munches on some popcorn** Consolidated List of People Wanting A Lima device Refund --------------------------------------------------- *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* --------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 71. Ingo Stengl 70. Jeramie Johnson 69. Drew Tennimon 68. Benjamin Jacob Wehmann 67. Sébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>" We just don't have enough time to reply to bastards like you. We prefer to spend our time improving our product, instead replying to trolls and liars like you. " Classic @CGC Finally I'm in. I'm happy that it's finally running. :-) fmotta, It is version 0.8. Please calm down. JFC!!!! Version 8.0! Really? Most operating systems with as much as many decades of life and revision are not at version 8.0! CGC Please put info here as an update, I do not want an should not have to go to other sites for information that should be given to backers first and not giving more traffic to you site. If I want to there I can ( also you can not moderate comments here like your own site) I have started the beta! All works great! *an incorporation wholesaler. I accidentally an indefinite article. @Keith, The Brease group is at least saying they are a Dutch startup with an international sales office. CGC claims to be a USA-based company, but their address is a incorporation wholesaler that specializes in setting up mail-drop-corps for non-USA citizens. Map the Ogletown Road address that is being used - it's just a house next to a lawn care business. I'm guessing Kickstarter's rules have changed so that you no longer have to be a USA corp to apply? Do I care enough to find out myself? For the answers to these questions and more, tune in next year, same time, same station! @Johnny, These two seem crazy similar. Even the site name, site construction, pictures of the facility all scream stand back, way back. Nothing against the Dutch, but like you said... Fool me once... @Benjamin not to rain on my Dutch ppl but reading their Bio Smells CGC all together. "Dutch based startup with Sales offices in NYC" yeah after this scam project I'll wait for a finished product. Hi there, Can i get a Lima? Can I get a refund? Can I get something after ALL this time?! I'm on the new version 8.0 for the Lima, and I can honestly say it's a major leap forward. Speedy and (fairly) easy setup. So far it's been great. Hi, I really would like to get my device, it feels like forever ago that I pledge to this. New product are even starting to arrive and they look to be even better ?! <url>#comment-9988626 a link to sev's "apology" would greatly be appreciated!!!! thanks@johnny!!!! ​I don't care if Lima turns out to be the greatest device​ ​ever built; I want my damn money back. CGC, refund my money in full and I will never post here or anywhere else about your company or product. Since your debacle with Ozymandias, we now KNOW that you can and do give refunds, So...GIVE ME MY MONEY BACK! #Fraud , #Lies , #Delays , #Theft REFUND NOW!​ Heh, I can easily see myself writing that letter. :-) Be prepared, TO BE DELETED!!!! Don't worry @Ozy, I got you covered bruh! ........Hey @Ozy, remember that time @CGC sent this email to you?.... " We just don't have enough time to reply to bastards like you. We prefer to spend our time improving our product, instead replying to trolls and liars like you. " Classic @CGC Funny thing about Facebook paid advertisements, you can leave comments... @IanR <url>´ll have to wait until a better version to start using it. @CGC Team - You keep missing my questions but now you are here lets try again: 1) On the 4th May you said "the Beta testing agreement lasts for 9 months in the contract, but it will actually be lifted once we no longer need it, in the next few weeks." A month later is it still in place and so when will you supply us with the product free of the NDA? 2) As a US company, operating from Paris, are you expecting us to pay import duties and VAT for the Lima if/when it finally ships. 3) Will there be a UK power adapter? You promised to feedback after the campaign closed but I don't remember seeing anything. Any other Beta testers wish there was a Beta forum we can post to so we can ask each other questions and get tips and tricks? Like "Is your Android devices bleeding battery since you installed the Lima app?" (already reported to Lima but I'd like to see if anyone else has a solution) @johnny I'm interested in a link to the email as well as CGC's apology. Its truly a shame that any backer should be treated in this manner. "Comment deleted" = cover up. Yeah, we finally figured out how to get CGC to post here: Just mention something they are tryinig to bury. Like how two of their employees called a backer a bastard, and how they silenced him and had Kickstarter scrub evidence from the comments section. Also a wall of comments will not remove comments referring back to shameful insult of your backer CGC please put any information as a KS update for all backers rather than putting as a comment linking to another site that will just push traffic through it. I'm not saying you can't put it there as well but I shouldn't have to go hunting information on other sites first I have a link to the insulting email sent out by CGC to Ozy if anyone is interested in reading it @cros, Bonne chance! Que de chemin depuis ce click pour vous montrer l'intérêt que je portais au projet. Il en reste encore, et je suis fier d'avoir pu participer. @KC: I was only mislead about CGC's respect of backers for a short time. From what I have seen and continue to see is that the terms "CGC" "Lima" "Backer" do not belong in most phrases containing "respect" nor "trust". However, I can think of one... "CGC has created a Kickstarter project called Lima where they have consistently proven that CGC cannot be trusted and lacks respect for its backers". Again i ask i have been over this "Beta Testing Agreement" and will NOT be signing it when will you ship my Lima/Plug ? when ? The reason he is excluded is invalid; he DID pay. Deleting the report and Severin's apology has no explanation other than to deceive backers about what is really going on. Shame on you CGC @KC, I was anticipating something like this would happen. Doesn't matter how you get your money refunded. Once you do CGC can request that person to be removed from the campaign. Anyways, I think we should re-post Ozy's experience with CGC. Wow. So CGC had Ozy's report of being called a bastard by a CGC employee removed *and* Severin's public apology removed from these forums. CGC and KS colluding to hide the truth, that a creator abused a backer. You should all know that CGC marked Ozymandias' account as "failed to pay" after they refunded him. This prevents him from posting here. Just another example of how CGC does not respect its backers and will do whatever they can to suppress honesty. Got my Limas in the other set up was a breeze, and the the basic fuctionality is what I was hoping for. I will continue usage and report back any findings/suggestions. Wow, I leave on a trip for a few days and return to find the CGC has been reduced to explicitly insulting its backers. Here's my surprised face. :| ​*** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** ​I don't care if Lima turns out to be the greatest device​ ​ever built; I want my damn money back. CGC, refund my money in full and I will never post here or anywhere else about your company or product. You can sell "my" unit at retail pricing and then send me my refund from that revenue. Until then... #Fraud , #Lies , #Delays , #Theft REFUND NOW!​ @Clemens - Yes, I have all the keys/serials to activate the Lima. I'm not sure how this applies to the NDA, although NDAs are extremely difficult to uphold in California (which is why most people don't take them seriously in the Bay Area). The offer is still open as far as anyone who would like to buy mine. Lima reçu depuis maintenant 10 jours. Impossible malheureusement à installer, un premier mail de l'assistance . cela n'ayant pas suffit j attends depuis plus de 8 jours une réponse malgré plusieurs mail de ma part. une solution? @Rafael: I am less worried about warranty of Lima than I am of its stability and security. I am uncertain if I will ever get a Lima based on the development cycle (as it has lasted than the entire lifecycle of 90% of consumer electronics and it already obsolete). I am of three minds on if I even want to get it. One mind feels that my existing solutions are fine (as they are verified secure and stable). Where the other mind wants to watch it fall apart in use. The third wants to put the hardware to use with my own software (but, since what I'd use it for is better done with hardware that was designed within the 5 years and MUCH better). I'm worry about the time of warranty is too short , and i dont no if will have updates in the software Lima will make it's journey for testing. Looking forward to testing and curious as how well it performs. @Christoffer, So that is another thing they are not doing right then... Hey Patrik I don't think country of operation matters, Apple had to change their guarantee terms.... @CGC: Are you an American or a French company. I want to know before i sign up for any Beta testing. Because if you are French you need to extend warranty. 1.5 years is not enough. <url>"Levvy" not "Lorgan" lost his files. Mon Lima est en route !! Il me tarde de le tester :) Merci Severin ! I keep getting my Lima is offline even after disconnecting all cables and reconnecting them back... this device is starting to get on my nerves.. @KC I think he is looking for a Lima folder which he can't find because he should be looking for a Lima drive. Where does Lorgan say he lost his files? Lorgan is saying he lost the original content on the drive, which we know will happen. Testing Lima on a Jolla (SailfishOS powered) phone android app seems to work fine in android VM. Looking forward to the Linux client! Cheers @ Lorgan: don't you see a new L:\ drive? Recieved my Lima's last Thursday. Packaging and product look very nice and complete. Because I'm testing the Lima I installed and uninstalled it multiple times. Found some bugs but overall it looks very promising. Transfered a movie to L:\ , watched it appear on my phone, watched it on my phone and used Chromecast to watch it on my tv. Took a photo with my phone and within seconds I had that photo on my laptop. CGC took a detour but they are delivering. The product I have now and a very honest skype-call I had with Severin a few weeks back, give me a lot of trust the product will be, at least for me, what I was hoping it would be. I don't understand. I plugged in my 1TB hard disk which has contents in it to the Lima and it doesn't show up. In fact the Lima is using the 1TB hard disk as a new hard disks for storage?? WTF?? Hey @Ozy, remember that time @CGC sent this email to you?.... " We just don't have enough time to reply to bastards like you. We prefer to spend our time improving our product, instead replying to trolls and liars like you. " Classic @CGC I still have not received my reward. Please update. Shipping address (/dev/null). What I have gotten of value from this project (/dev/zero). The truthfulness of what CGC states (/dev/random). @Austin Fathman Send me the money, and I will tell Lima to ship my unit directly to you. Now testing Lima! Yey! But I can't find the Lima folder where the files are supposed to be stored! So... awaiting for their response to my e-mail. I too would like to get my money refunded so I can drop this loser project and start forgetting my poor decision to trust CGC. @dim3m you can email me at ashREMOVEmanCAPITALSdias@gmail if my backer status is revoked. I do *not* wish to lose contact with other backers, and definitely be keeping an eye on this train wreck. Well if Ozy will still be around. Thats a good thing. We need someone to guide other backers for refunds. @KC, that's a good point. It should be kept in mind that my original thought was that once I got the refund owed me, there would be no reason to post here, and I would not be interested in continuing to post. At that point in time, I never expected to be abused and attacked by the Lima customer service. Since there is interest in my experience, and discussion *with* and *about* me, I will continue posting in reply. The situation very clearly changed when Lima decided to throw a temper tantrum and start calling names and attacking one of their earliest customers. It should be noted that the refund did not manifest itself until *after* I communicated with other backers on Kickstarter, interested parties on Twitter, Partech Ventures (the people foolishly investing in Lima) and Kickstarter. Lima only decided to offer refunds in an effort to do damage control. The refund was outside the KS system. I predict no impact on Ozy here. I believe once you get a full refund. You're no longer a backer and won't be able to comment anymore. So congratulations Ozy. You lucky bastard. @Arnaud - Ozy offered to leave the forum if CGC voluntarily gave him a refund, and they refused this offer. It was only later, after CGC became abusive to him, did a refund manifest. In other words, CGC did not accept the offer, so there is no reason Ozy should honor his side of it. @Christopher... yeah! plenty of us! You only have to look at the "Consolidated list..." @Pnɐuɹɐ Lechevalier Actually, I was just saying my goodbyes, and replying to comments made to/about me. I never intended to disappear once I got my refund, and it is only reasonable for me to explain the situation to my fellow backers. Since this forum was the only way I have to contact several of them until alternative arrangements are made, and it is the only way to reply to comments like yours about me, I still have a need to post the occasional thing. Don't worry there are still plenty of us who are not happy with CGC I'm happy, no more comment from Ozy.... But he's a bit liar too: he promised to leave this "forum" after the refund and he's still there spamming and trolling...Merde alors ! @KC Thanks. I just wish it didn't take so long, or require receiving abusive emails from official Lima support representatives to get the refund they owed me. I have to admit, customer support calling a customer a "bastard" and a "liar" took me by surprise. I can't recall any other case where I was treated so poorly by an employee, let alone by one using the official customer service email account! Congratulations, Ozy! Consolidated List of People Wanting A Lima device Refund --------------------------------------------------- *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* --------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 71. Ingo Stengl 70. Jeramie Johnson 69. Drew Tennimon 68. Benjamin Jacob Wehmann 67. Sébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>"Beta Testing Agreement" and will NOT be signing it when will you ship my Lima/Plug ? when ? Received the email for beta-tester today and signed it. Now waiting to receive my Lima and start testing! Looking forward to get the package delivered. i receive a email for beta-tester today ; I want to know before sign , if i will receive after a full LIma , and not a Beta when is it release , and the warranty is only for 6 months? thanks hi revived the "Invitation to the Lima Beta Testing Program" email today but can find this "Beta Testing Agreement" they want me to sign where can i find it? I received my Lima Device today, i will toy around with it on an old computer and smart phone before releasing it to my systems. Cheers from Germany Backers = Bastards per Lima's definition Wohoo..... Someone pass the pop corn. REFUND NOW! @GCG Maybe if you spent a little time trying to work with the upset customers by addressing concerns instead of continuing to antagonize them, maybe we wouldn't be in this situation. My Lima arrived this afternoon. Great unboxing experience, and setup went without a hitch. Excited to start toying with it now. Thanks, Lima team. I just got my Lima today, what a great lil' device, will report if i notice any issues Keep up the good work!! Thanks team Lima! This is amazing! Why are they not issuing refunds? I disconnected my Lima and am uninstalling all the Lima software. Do I need to do anything to my PC, router, or anything to close the holes Lima created? Name calling? That's a new, but unexpected low. Even for Lima. I am proud to be a bastard and small person like Ozymandias. That beats the pants off being frauds and liars like Cash Gathering Conmen. I am one of those "Bastards" like ozymandias and would just like a refund of my money for backing this product. It seems clear that CGC does not put the costumer or backer first. I went through 11 emails to obtain a refund and have been denied. Then I got an email God knows how long after to be a beta tester. So I responded with sure. Then they never replied. Just refund me. Refund refund refund. Now @KC, @Christopher Lewis please email me if/when you get a chance. My address is ashREMOVEmanCAPITALSdias@gmail Cgc your comment about new release wouldn't have been made to push comments round staff insulting a backer from the top would it :-) my lima arrived today, got it working in about 10 mins. I'm really not sure how to get the android app installed. the desktop app asks me to navigate to the install site on my phones web browser and when I get there, the site tells me to install the desktop app first. otherwise, I'm pleased with it. Creator admitted publicly that abusive language towards a backer originated within their organization. This disdain has been there all along, they just let the mask slip a little today. If anyone wants or needs to contact me, you can send email to <email>. Ozy post elsewhere and link otherwise CGC could report you @johnny, I will clean it up and post it ASAP. Kickstarter does not allow any HTML in comments. Post the original email with the headers here so it's searchable online Yeah, I can't imagine what my employer would do if I used an official email account to name call and belittle a customer. I'll be interested in seeing how/if Partech/Severin respond to this. In my line of work that is gross mis conduct and instant dismissal @CGC You have stated *SEVERAL* times that <email> is the official email address for this project. This is the email address that all attempts to contact you via Kickstarter are directed to. An additional employee responded in support of the original inappropriate name calling from your employee. There is a simple way to avoid my trying to contact you daily: Respond. The *only* reason I repeatedly attempt to contact you is because there is an outstanding support issue that is not resolved, and the only way to resolve it is through communication. I already wanted nothing to do with you our your sleaze bag company. Being called a 'bastard' by an employee through the official email address is a bit much. Let's just call it quits. Severin already has proven that you have the ability to process refunds, and after this in appropriate harassment by your official representative, it's time to part ways. Lol ozy, looks like you got under their skin. Here is part of an official reply I just got from Lima: " We just don't have enough time to reply to bastards like you. We prefer to spend our time improving our product, instead replying to trolls and liars like you. " So they accused a backer/customer of being a liar (despite having no evidence of that), *AND* called me a bastard. That's even better than Severin calling us 'small people'... @ozymandias: "" I can garanty you that no, they are not thiefs, they are real makers of something new." Which is the problem. I didn't back that. I backed the final manufacture and shipping of AN ALREADY CREATED ITEM. They decided to misuse the money we gave them. That's their problem.​" ^ This - exactly. ​*** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** ​I don't care if Lima turns out to be the greatest device​ ​ever built; I want my damn money back. CGC, refund my money in full and I will never post here or anywhere else about your company or product. You can sell "my" unit at retail pricing and then send me my refund from that revenue. Until then... #Fraud , #Lies , #Delays , #Theft REFUND NOW!​ " I can garanty you that no, they are not thiefs, they are real makers of something new." Which is the problem. I didn't back that. I backed the final manufacture and shipping of AN ALREADY CREATED ITEM. They decided to misuse the money we gave them. That's their problem. @Austin Fathman Send me the money, and I will tell Lima to ship my unit directly to you, if it ever ships. Hi Relle I have backed many projects about 1 in 8 have failed, similar number have been on time but none of themthem have thrown out two years work and used funding to create a different product (could be called bait and switch fraud) feature creep has set in as well as needing to bust your network security wide open. Still can only be used with one HDD and numerous other issues that weren't there in the original python coding. If this was just a matter of delays then a lot of peoples concerns would not be justified Consolidated List of People Having a working Lima device at home for a while : ME Hey guys, having larger delays as expected is part of the risks of participating to a crowdfunding project. Lima's team has made mistakes of comunication at the beginning, but now, as a member participation to the Beta and having a working Lima at home for a while now, I can garanty you that no, they are not thiefs, they are real makers of something new. I have participated at crowdfunding projects where I have no news of the people behind the project (and so of my money...), others where I have received nothing than promises, others where I have received a shitty thing that has nothing to do with what they promised... And projects where everything whent right and I had my rewards on time. Lima is not a perfectly executed project, but they know they have made mistakes and today they do everything to redeem themselves and make Lima the awesome thing they promised. Just be patient. And if you can't, don't participate to crowdfunding projects. Just buy ended products in shop and that's all. This user's account has been deleted. Consolidated List of People Wanting A Lima device Refund --------------------------------------------------- *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* --------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 70. Jeramie Johnson 69. Drew Tennimon 68. Benjamin Jacob Wehmann 67. Sébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>"reaping what you sow". 69. Drew Tennimon 68. Benjamin Jacob Wehmann 67. Sébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>"Should I get a UPS for this?" complaint. I replaced mine because the wireless was well outdated, and I wanted a router capable of doing multiple, separate networks. It still sees duty as an access point every so often. @BrianS: Ohhh, the old WRT54GL's running DD-WRT. I loved those things! Those were the days ;) As for the Lima, my plan is to sell mine, brand new and unopened, as soon as I get it - if anyone will buy it, ROFLMAO! It's probably academic: since I refuse to sign an NDA for a product I already purchased that had no such requirement, I expect I'll receive mine just about the time our sun burns through the last of its fuel. *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** ​I don't care if Lima turns out to be the greatest device​ ​ever built; I want my damn money back. CGC, refund my money in full and I will never post here or anywhere else about your company or product. You can sell "my" unit at retail pricing and then send me my refund from that revenue. Until then... #Fraud , #Lies , #Delays , #Theft REFUND NOW!​ @terry, The AdTrap worked fine, within it's intended parameters. It does address translation, and broke pretty much everything on my network. It's fine for a home user, but most home users don't have a dedicated network rack in their homes. @BrianS my AdTrap still works great try a reset or sell it my Lime or Plug or what ever it will be called next year is still in France about 500 Km s away still have NO idea if or when i will get it my raspberry pi is working great :_) got my yellow lima and attached a 2TB WD elements HDD to it so far its working great. will there be an option in the v1.0 to backup photos and videos directly from my iPhone? And, just for the record, I requested that CGC ship me my device ASAP. I really don't know what I'm going to do with it. I can already access most of my media remotely, I don't allow things to automagically open holes in my network, and my phone can take massive uSD cards. I guess it goes in the pile with AdTrap and my old WRT54GLs, may they rest in peace. @Noelix, Christopher L. is correct - the project that we originally backed was a simple personal cloud box. It was pretty much done, software-wise, and needed funds to move into manufacturing. Quite a bit has been changed since that original product. Case style, media players, metadata indexing, codebase... I don't know about the rest of the backers, but I only backed a personal dropbox device. My phone already does everything else that Lima is supposed to do, and doesn't require me poking uPnP holes in my firewall. CGC should have done what was promised in the backing - finish the device that was promised. Instead, The Feature Creep is strong here. Neolix - the problem is we all backed a project with two years development already done with just GUI tweaks and hardware prproduction left to go. We did not back a from scratch development of code. CGC carried out what looks, sounds, and walks like bait and switch (aka a type of fraud). Features have been removed and now we are being asked to open up routers to UPNP which can allow attackers to access all devices on the router, there is now a fall back which means data goes through CGC servers which they said they wouldn't do. We have no idea on their servers security and they won't put their code up for independent audit. Does your data still feel safe? Just got it !!! Confirmación de envio recibida para Lima Pioneer kit. Excelente gestión del proceso. Enhorabuena!. Wow there's a lot of hate on here. Not sure why. I have the opinion that I am backing an idea, a dream when I back a kickstarter. Sometimes those ideas work out, and sometimes they don't. Gamestick for example...fulfilled its obligations but was terribly executed. Other projects just crumble due to poor planning (Super Retro Game Squad for example). It's a roll of the dice, the same as if you were to invest in a buddy's invention or idea. You do it because you believe in them, in their product, and hope to one day get a return on it. Kickstarter allows you to be a small part of something bigger without having to plunk down tons and tons of cash. With Lima... I wanted to support the movement of a free, private cloud storage alternative. They're achieving it and it's exciting to be a part of it. Just got my Lima pioneer kit up and running! Experimental video player on Android is pretty awesome. Looking forward to being able to share files *from* my Android device as well as receive. Lima people are responding to my emails, but no progress as of yet. Also haven't answered which protocol it uses either, yes I am that sad when it comes to hardening @CGC: Making it difficult to get rid of UPnP by forcing static IP is contrary to safe and user friendly. FIX YOUR SOFTWARE TO BE UP TO THIS CENTURY! @CGC: There is a reason for the Update section of this forum - so you can update the backers. Putting it elsewhere is contrary to the use model and of little use should we want to make comments that are only moderated by Kickstarter staff (and not censored by CGC staff). @CGC please stop spamming your blog links here. If you have something relevant, post it as a Kickstarter update. We backed here, and expect updates here. "This requires the Lima to have a static IP, by configuring your Internet router DHCP server." Assigning static IPs should be possible *WITHOUT* a DHCP server. It's basic functionality that should be programmed into every device. If they had any confidence in their product, they would happily issue refunds to kickstarter backers (at our 'discounted' purchase price) and resell at full retail to one of the pre-orders they are scamming. @BeCause: "...but I sent them a very simple solution. Sell my unit at retail, then send me my cut." Great idea! I and am going to incorporate it into my posts. *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** ​I don't care if Lima turns out to be the greatest device​ ​ever built; I want my damn money back. CGC, refund my money in full and I will never post here or anywhere else about your company or product. You can sell "my" unit at retail pricing and then send me my refund from that revenue. Until then... #Fraud , #Lies , #Delays , #Theft REFUND NOW!​ @CGC Why no word on refunds? Consolidated List of People Wanting A Lima device Refund --------------------------------------------------- *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* --------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 68. Benjamin Jacob Wehmann 67. Sébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>"reaping what you sow". 67. Sébastien KEMPF 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>"the Beta testing agreement lasts for 9 months in the contract, but it will actually be lifted once we no longer need it, in the next few weeks." Three weeks later is it still in place and so when will you supply us with the product free of the NDA? The CGC Team: The Scam-Hole of Kickstarter. Funny trying to find a usb2.0 HDD case as Lima won't support 3.0 Cgc. - you failed to answer on twitter so will try here what port has to be opened on the wan side to allow incoming vpns. I will not open up UPNP. So again simple port number / protocol please Consolidated List of People Wanting A Lima device Refund --------------------------------------------------- *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* --------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 66. BeCause 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>"you can still access your files when TEMPORARILY offline." I'm going to assume that when those authentication servers go down, your device simply becomes a crap-grade USB NAS. They also appear to be a Mac development house, so I'm guessing Linux is going to get the shaft, and Windows users will be asked "How many of you use Windows Explorer?" I may be wrong here, but there's so little technical detail available, I can't make a good decision other than "NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE." This project and Kickstarter's non-response to its problems mean I will never back a tech project on here again. It's basically a no-responsibility cash dispenser for anyone who can put together a video. The backers lose or break even. Anyone checked this project out: <url>"the money was spent on development." Welcome to Liema Sent an email to Lima requesting a refund. With such huge delay, Lima must have goodies such as USB 3.0. If they successfully delay shipping till Sep, it will be 24 months after it is successfully funded that too by a huge margin and over Million $ in total. Not sure to put sad or happy smiley! Thanks for adding me to the list :). Just got my first Lima setup -- so far so good. Still trying to figure out how to share files with family members... @Todd - Kickstarter got paid when the project was funded. They got their cut and are "really sorry" that we are "disappointed" in the project. They have no real interest in fixing the wrong though. KS is a parasitical organization; they suck blood from the backers whether the project is legit or a scam. As long as they don't kill the host, they are happy. Lima- this Beta test is a two way street. What that means is, you actually have to explain things to everyone now. Maybe I'm missing something? Please explain. Here. In the comments on this page on Kickstarter. And no. I do not want to join Facebook in order to participate in a Private group for Beta testers only to hold your hand and explain how I might feel you should proceed. Answer your emails and provide an OPEN format for all for discussion. You even presenting a CLOSED or PRIVATE Facebook group as an option for communication in and of itself perpetuates the appearance and perception of you trying to cover something and obfuscate the truth from everyone. To anyone who has complained to Kickstarter in any way regarding this project. What was their stance on the current state of this? Have they washed their hands of it? Any formal response? @njwrigley - two points: 1) The project is a bait and switch scam even if *a* product is delivered. 2) "more and more positive comments" are essentially meaningless because they contain no content after being constrained by an illegal NDA. CGC ensured that their beta testers words have no credibility Hey, guys! While waiting for your device, I have changed my address at least twice ) What to do to get one on the right address? I've received my Lima and it's working out okay thus far. I've been checking this thread literally every day since the project launched and I think that I commented a couple of times right at the start, but have had nothing to add since then. It's interesting that it all started out so well, delays and poor communication soured several of the backers who have repeatedly expressed their doubts about: 1 - the fact that the product actually existed or whether it was a giant con 2 - the fact that the technical specifications are modern enough / suitable / secure / altered from the original spec. These backers consume 99% of this thread, largely I think because most backers had zero interest in posting here at all because they had nothing to report. They had no product and so nothing to share. I seem to see a move towards more people posting and more positive comments. Please don't take this as a rebuttal of, no doubt, valid concerns that many seem to share. All I can report is that the product is working out very well for me in the limited (3 days) that I've had it thus far. The packaging was excellent, the apps (Android, Mac, Windows I've used) look very professional. Obviously, it all boils down to the syncing of the files, which I really cannot speak of yet - it works now, but could cease working anytime I guess! I would urge that those who don't like this product to get one, try it out and then give it away if you don't like it. I'm no lawyer, but I think that you have a really small chance of seeing your money again, and repeated requests to start some litigation appears to have come to nought. Again, I'm not trying to annoy anyone here. Just saying that for me it works, and the internals of the product simply don't matter to me in the same way that I have no idea how these syncing services work on a code / security level. I just want to to work, and this is doing as of now. Just the fast that Breeze has a gigabit connection and a proper processor, instead of hardware many years old have made me switch alone! Add to it that it looks better, has more ports and is not run by the amateurs behind Lima and the Deal becomes a sweet. Abandonning this one - keep it or donate it to last decade! Got the Lima earlier today. Wonderful setup experience, sync works well. Will stress test the device over the next few weeks, have some arbitrary data ready to go. For my very short while with it, it has been exactly what I wanted and expected. Files are on my property, I can quickly get to them without a hassle. @Stéphane "jusqu’ici tout va bien, jusqu’ici tout va bien, jusqu’ici tout va bien. Mais l'important n’est pas la chute, c’est l’atterrissage." Got my Lima. Enfin. Working Well. Mais il ne fait pas grand chose. Waiting for more. Mais jusqu'ici tout va bien… Consolidated List of People Wanting A Lima device Refund --------------------------------------------------- *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* --------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 65. Adam McIver 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>"reaping what you sow". 64. Linoge (added due to comment) 63. Burton Strauss III (added due to comment) 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>"I received my Lima" or "I started testing" ... it s like spamming the comments section to hide the critics... which goes in the same strategy of CGC like hiding the code or not showing the Python code they claim(!) to have done more than 2 years ago (which IS what was actually backed for before they chose to totally switch the project) - by the way, where is the Python code? and when will there be an independent (as of money or friends or NDA) code review? Oh and by the way, designing a piece of paper for nice packaging... you think that is relevant information? You think that makes the product inside in any whay better? Pathetic! Then you use products because they are designed nice not because they work well and work like they are supposed to... or the superduper extra earphones included? I guess they are really super highend quality... probably costing more than the product itself... no, they aren't? Oh, cheap as a dime? Then for what are they? Hiding the inferior quality of the product inside... @Eugene... so? Are they paying you to come say that? I'm not sure what other value you saying that has... Started Lima Beta test.... what about Linux...Ubuntu.... or windows 10 or chrome ? @CGC someone asked the million dollar question, how hackable is your vaporware? As in we as tech type people want a working product we can look at the code and fix your crap arse outdated POS. Seriously, almost 2 years later and all you have to show is 1000th beta backer to get his lima the other day....1/12 of the people....pretty low number. @Burton Strauss II and @Todd I feel your pain. I usually don't let something like this get to me. In the past, I'd have written it off and never given it another thought. But there's something about CGC... These feckers seem so brazen and smug that I can't help it. They've engendered within me such hatred that I actually wish them ill. I hope their company goes bankrupt. I'd gladly sacrifice the money I spent of this p.o.s if I could hear on the news that charges are being pressed against the CGC principals for fraud, embezzlement, and/or whatever else these shysters have been up to with our money. *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** ​I don't care if Lima turns out to be the greatest device​ ​ever built; I want my damn money back. CGC, refund my money in full and I will never post here or anywhere else about your company or product. Until then... #Fraud , #Lies , #Delays , #Theft REFUND NOW!​ I just filled out an online survey for Lima Beta testers. WOW! Really eye opening questions there to shed some light on what their priorities are and what their focus seems to be right now. The last question is the funniest. "would you recommend Lima to your friends?" SMH... I feel better that I have filled out this survey and am grateful the comment boxes were plentiful and not restricted to any certain length. It was cathartic to say the least. I didn't say everything on my mind, but I did say quite a bit. The question that angered me the most was something about what new features I wanted to see. New? I don't want New. I want you sold me on. I have a WD My Cloud and it just works. If this Beta program doesn't graduate soon to the final release version they're touting, I'm going to move on with my life. I've invested enough money, but most importantly time. Like I said before, I've done a whole lot of reading up lately on Lima and their shortcomings. They have a long way to go in communication. They have even further to go with reputation. How much longer is it really going take to release this thing with nearly $3 million dollars and roughly two years so far? I'm just about out of what little patience I have left for this Merry-Go-Round of disappointment. Before you sprain your shoulder patting yourselves on the back, 1000 units is approximately what percentage? If most people ordered 2 for the backup plan feature, it's about 4%... Two years late Half the features don't work yet I want my money back - refund me now If I stick a gun in somebodies face and steal 200 it's armed robbery. If I lie, cheat and steal 1.2 million, it's Lima on Kickstarter... What a clusterfain @CGC: Vous ne communiquez pas la liste d'attente des expéditions à venir... Cela permettrait de se situer pourtant... So.... how hackable is this hardware? I've long since moved on to other solutions where the original promise here isn't interesting. Will I be able to replace the firmware on the device with some general-purpose Linux distribution (unsupported, of course)? @CGC where are refunds? just realize i have backed this campaign for coming 2 years and havent receive the unit..... Got my Lima today. Looks good, packaged well, and seems to work on my Mac. Waiting to get an invite to FlightTest the app for my phone. Got my Lima, can't wait to put it to use! Got my Lima's the other day, I ordered 2 for myself for the "RAID" capabilities. So far the software seems solid on Windows 8.1 and on my Android 5.1 device. I currently only have one of the devices connected, as I need to get another hard drive. So far I'm impressed with the data flow, data is transferred quicker than I expected. Now I'm looking forward to get Crashplan integration. I received my bullima and the damage it caused my file system was so severe that I threw up. A lot. Careful about the NDA if you are serious, and if not, be careful of the conmen running CGC that would likely sue you if they saw a quick buck in it. I just received my LIEma and it is a piece of junk. I tried to install the software and it gave me a computer virus. I highly recommend Uninstalling the software and throwing the device away as soon as possible! Starting to test my Lima. Looks promising. Nice packaging and application design. Look forward to test it more deeply in everyday from mobile. @FS: I second the question... is the file actually located on your Android (as in can you browse to it with a file manager-like app) or do you need to use the Lima app and hope it knows how to choose the correct viewer for the file? As for the "little bonus"... if it is the in-ear headset then it is not all that useful as that in-ear headset is known to significantly increase ear infections. So, it is useful for its wires and connector only (I hope it is at least a 4-contact audio and mic headset or even the cables are pretty useless). @FS do you have a waiver for the NDA? Also, can you open files on Android directly? or do you have to use the Lima app to open things? I just received and set up my Lima. The packaging is high quality and very well done. I'm using the Windows and Android clients, both of which are fairly polished and work well. Like many people have stated on the forum here, I had abandoned the project and considered it outdated. However, now that I've got it up and running, I'm impressed overall. I'll definitely give it a serious try. I have the two-pack and will report back on how a second Lima works once I've set up the second device. I'm not sure if it's been mentioned, but the package contains a nice little bonus. Just received my Lima. Can't wait to set it up and try it out. Consolidated List of People Wanting A Lima device Refund --------------------------------------------------- *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* --------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>"@clemens -- I am not paying another dime for this piece of shit -- in fact, I am leaving as soon as I get the refund owed me." PREACH IT, BROTHER! @fmotta: "The most likely use case for my Lima (presuming it arrives at all) is to crack open the case and determine what debug interface I need to replace the firmware with my own. Barring the ability to install known software I may set up a VLAN and run the app in a VM with all the debug, profiling, traffic snooping, and diagnostics switches set and step through the code and examine the packet flow with Wireshark. If it connects to any unknown or (user specified) site after registration then it is 100% unsafe." I am very interested to hear what you find when we eventually (if ever, lol) get our non-NDA'd units. *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** *** I don't care if Lima turns out to be the greatest device since the Walkman; I want my damn money back. CGC, refund my money in full and I will never post here or anywhere else about your company or product. Until then... #Fraud , #Lies , #Delays , #Theft REFUND NOW! that is an excellent idea @fmotta, test the devil out of this so that we can see exactly where our data is going, since @CGC cannot give proper source code for a third party to scan over to make sure our data is actually secure, the word of @CGC is so far #Lies, #Denial, #Delays, and of course being #Cons. Once I get this device, like around 2018 December, because we know CGC will be delaying more and more as they continue to lie about how they were ready with the code after two years of working on a python code or whatever. Not impressed so far by beta backers responses, not truthful except for 1 person. our of 1000 beta testers (and I think that number is greatly exaggerated). The most likely use case for my Lima (presuming it arrives at all) is to crack open the case and determine what debug interface I need to replace the firmware with my own. Barring the ability to install known software I may set up a VLAN and run the app in a VM with all the debug, profiling, traffic snooping, and diagnostics switches set and step through the code and examine the packet flow with Wireshark. If it connects to any unknown or (user specified) site after registration then it is 100% unsafe. @sandip get used to it. They regularly ignore backer emails for months at a time. @clemens -- I am not paying another dime for this piece of shit -- in fact, I am leaving as soon as I get the refund owed me. Thanks for clarifying those points. Not sure where my Lima is, i received a shipping notification 8 days ago, and no response from Team Lima either.. I registered for the beta and haven't received it. When i will be receiving it. 2 years for a device. Oh god pls @Mehmet Acr, @Christian Hresko or any other person wanting to sell their unopened Lima (I guess we'll be seeing a lot of them in the near future)... Do you have the keys for activating the software and can you supply them to whoever would buy? That could be good for anyone (@KC @fmotta @ozy) wanting to test the traffic or software without having to sign a NDA :) By the way, those comments about finally receiving your Lima do not tell or help in any manner it s just Bull$h**! Is that the only way to get a prolonged warranty for you from CGC? Or what makes you want to post such irrelevant info? Did you also installiert the software? for real?!? but you can not say if all the functions which were promised in the original campaign are working? Now THAT would really be relevant information. Oh, the functions are not implemented... I see... Oh, totally different functions we did not ask for are implemented... I don't see why... Oh, you are not allowed to... I see... how pathetic! Software is either coded good and can be openly reviewed OR it is trash... but even if it were coded not that good but with good intentions then it should be reviewed by all who can help to make it better (see e.g. github)... Not showing the code means it was coded really bad and the coder wants to hide this fact or that is was coded with bad intentions (then don't install it!)... So @CGC when is the independent (as of money or friends or NDA) code review? So your options are to make your router insecure (upnp,) or make your file syncing insecure (AWS/man in middle) I don't care if Lima turns out to be the greatest device since the Walkman; I want my damn money back. CGC, refund my money in full and I will never post here or anywhere else about your company or product. Until then... #Fraud , #Lies , #Delays , #Theft REFUND NOW! @ozy: BTW: I too want independent or (Better yet) open source review of the code in Lima before it goes into my network. Having some unverified application opening arbitrary ports without my knowledge is NOT an option (and it should not be an option for ANYONE). Naming the ports used and providing instructions on opening them is the SOLE honest solution. <url>#flickr <url>#88 not week #20 - I hope your coding skill is better than your ability to use a calendar and calculator. 617 days since this project was funded on 08Sep2013 617 / 7 = 88 (math is really really hard!) Just connected my Lima device all went well but freezes when I transfer a photo to the connected hard drive. Awaiting help. But all looks good so far :-) @CGC: I know of nobody over the age of 17 years who uses twitter and few of them know what they are doing to their future by the use of it. Questions along with their answers should be posted where everyone that has backed the project can see them. Since the backers Must have Kickstarter then that is the ONLY place that this can happen.... USE KICKSTARTER FOR ITS INTENDED PURPOSE AND POST INFORMATION HERE @Claes: The reason I think they have not stated which drive is that the drive itself is over USB. However, I think the MyDrives are not plain-old-USB drives - I think they might be "more". I do not own one (since the last similar drive I purchased tried ti install a rootkit); so, the key point is that it acts like a plain old USB mass storage drive over a USB 2.0 compatible interface. However, it's be nice to see CGC actually fielding support questions - or even fielding project schedule and delivery questions - or even just posting something to this project at all... Dos the Lima support this external hard drive WDBFJK0060HBK Or are there an list with supported HDD Received my Lima last week and got it running today! I'm already impressed by the quality of the software. It works well so far, and it exceeds my expectations in terms of User Interfaces :) Kudos to the team! @cgc let me get this strait, you have shipped over 1000 devices total, so like 1/12 of the product and its been almost two years since the campaign started....yeah totally worth it....feel that CGC, thats sarcasm. @CGC why is that labeled "week 20"? what have you been doing the OTHER 204 weeks since you started this project 4 years ago? or the other 92 weeks since the kickstarter project completed? @cgc/lima/whomever Why no word on the weekly spamblog regarding refunds? Since you are only shipping 1 unit/hour, you have *plenty* of time to issue refunds, and communicate with users about them. @CGC Why are the weekly updates not coming from Kickstarter? We backed here, and expect the updates to be here. @joseph, when did you get the waiver of the NDA? Installing this very moment... I do have to make some room on my laptop, though...let's play with it!!! I got an email a couple of weeks ago announcing that i could take part of the Beta testers (last Kickstarter update). After registering to get my device, I have received a few following up emails: - Activation key - Links to the IOS and Android Beta Apps - Link to download the Desktop App. - Tracking number (i'm in France, not sure if they would have this for all users...) I received my Lima last week Friday, and got pretty excited !! I have been playing with it for a couple of days all went well, but I must have done something wrong on day 2 because i couldn't access my lima anymore. I dropped a couple of emails to the support team, reported incident with as much info as possible and received a very prompt and efficient response from them (special thanks to Leon and Christophe for their help). It's good to see that even if the full solution is not ready yet, the team is here and working hard on the beta results. I have been following their guidances since (yes i did something wrong when i started playing with my lima on day 1), and now, it seem to be up and running. We still need to be cautious with the file we put on there (as a crash is always possible, particularly on Beta), but with sufficient method, we can already enjoy Lima and get access to our files from everywhere. I still need to test the Android App (limited testing so far), but i'm glad something is already available :-) I'm very excited to be part of the Beta test team, and can't wait to get the full version of it! Keep up the good work guys !!! Cheers Joseph Hello! Refund! NOW!! Received by Beta test Lima unit and hooked it up this weekend. Looking forward to seeing how this thing handles. @Sandip: Almost nobody is getting their Lima shipped to my knowledge. If you are on the perpetual beta then you should be getting the information from CGC via their excellent communications personnel (lol - NOT). Anyone know how to track the package? I clickthrough the link on the shipping notification email but it takes me to a page which makes no sense? How long does it usually take from dispatch. Its been 5 days so far. got my lima unit today...will begin testing today BTW - where can i find my beta key? More lies from Lima on twitter. I guess they have no consumer protection laws in the EU... O_o 2 days ago we signed the Lima Beta Testing agreement. Minutes later we received an address confirmation. It looks like our 3 Lima units will finally be on their way. Let's hope we receive them before we are heading to Italy ;-) #Fraud , #Lies , #Delays , #Theft REFUND NOW! France @CGC European warranty = 24 months REFUND NOW Wohoo.... Comment 5,700!!! Hey! I have reiceved my Lima but I need the Beta Key. We just signed the Lima Beta Testing agreement. Minutes later we received an address confirmation. It looks like our 3 Lima units will finally be on their way. Let's hope we receive them before we are heading to Italy ;-) #Fraud , #Lies , #Delays , #Theft REFUND NOW! @nick, sadly, not only does it *NOT* do what it is supposed, they don't plan on fixing that ever. Well my Lima is on the way. Two years later and it's finally coming! I have to say, if it does what it's supposed to do, I'll be very impressed and also a proud member of the worlds longest kickstarter campaign. :-) @Ikalios: I think CGC needs a video on "Why you won't get your Lima until 2017" as it appears to be a probable situation. @Erin Q, Don't worry. CGC team are happy they got your money. Thats what matters to them. Every time I come to this page I get sad. :( Below is a redacted email I just sent to Partech... Isn't it time to drop CGC... To <email> - Lima is extremely late - Lima is using hardware that is now out of date by almost a decade - CGC appears to lack the ability to manage the community in a professional manner that does not reflect what strongly appears to be fraud. - CGC appears to be doing this really slowly and also appears to lack the required skill set. - PogoPlug (in for form of PlugComputer and more) is an implementation that has been available since 2009 and does essentially the same as Lima at the price range below $25USD. You will find that I have the needed experience to make the above assessments as I have over 35 years of professional development in large and small organizations as well as managing complex projects (Military and commercial). I assert that Partech needs to press CGC to take action in one or more of the following ways: - Hire/contract needed technical and PR personnel - Offer refunds to backers - Ship the product along with the ability for the backers to actually help - Open the sources so that the community can contribute and review the Lima Since I was interested in getting the HW and SW bits so I can add features that were not stated to be within the Lima spec then the last two options are the ones I prefer. But, based on the points I listed at the top of this email I think that many of the backers prefer a refund. Please follow up with me and let me know that you have at least read the content of this email and I am not being ignored by BOTH Partech and CGC. Thanks @Beaufils Frédéric Sorry but I laughed. For that they would need to care, which they really don't. CGC will declare bankrupcy before shipping anything. Actually, I would like to see a video of them explaining why lima is still relevant. It was imo 2 years ago but now it got blast off by newer and better technology. So a little video, "Why you need a Lima in 2016 ?" @brians that's beside the point. It's not Lima's role to process the files in anyway. It's role is to provide the raw data to the apps and OS, which can parse that data as it sees fit. Lima does not need to do anything but hand the files over to iTunes, iOS. @ CGC "we could store them on our servers." That's blatantly false, since you installed a man-in-the-middle attack. It would be trivial to store files, and you consistently refuse to submit code for an independant security audit. Now that I have your attention, why am I not getting replies to my email? Project is very very late and we can expect it to be finalized quickly but I doubt. It seems lot of people gave asked for a refund but we no answers from the development team. If the team still think LIMA is a must have and really reinventing tools & software for storage and availability of data anywhere in the world, with such delays, good idea will be it offer some kind of compensation. With the money they raised trough different sources for this project, we can just hope it will not fail and early adopters will receive something. Why not one share of the company ? Could be a good compensation if it really become one of the most innovative things in the past decade !!! and nothing compare to what the futur growth of the company ? Just trying to suggest another way for the Core Team to recognize all efforts of early adopters to give money, make beta tests and so on and recognize all their efforts. I really hope the success of this project but not in 12 months, but before summer !!! Any other Ideas for the Core team? @ozy, I've always found complete metadata associated with music, MP3s in particular (The ID3 tag in this case) to be a thing endemic to Apple-based systems. I'm not trying to start a flame war - what I mean by endemic is that iTunes DAAP stuff didn't have a way of breaking things down by folder. No metadata? Everything goes into a big jumble. People growing up in an Apple ecosystem live(d) in a world where metadata is complete and accurate, for the most part. CGC seems to be an Apple-based development team, so it's only to be expected that they would place emphasis on metadata for music and video. I personally have stuff that's been around since the days when complete ID3 tags were a luxury you didn't have. That doesn't even include the old Amiga-kin synthesis files and all the other oddball stuff that spins on my network drive. For Apple, there's iTunes. For everyone else, there's Winamp 2.95 - still whipping the Llama's a$$ after all these years. (RIP Sonique) @Casey Allen Shall we write to Partech? <url>#delay, #Lie, #runawaywithbackermoney . hope Partech is aware of your con. and really interested in what CES has to say about their awards not being returned because of fraudulent claims of a product ready for march/april.....so we are now in middle May, tell me how that December 2013 ship deadline is working for you? Or at least Source Code for Python you "Supposedly" took years writing only to NOT use it? @CGC: Since this website is where the pertinent information related to this project belongs and this site is primarily an English-language website then it is appropriate to have the information related to this project on this site and in English. If you lack the personnel or linguistic abilities to maintain this site with this information then you need to hire or contract a person with the skills. This will reduce the places where the backers must go to get the information (as we are many and CGC is few then that is appropriate), and when written in English it reduces the confusion that results from poor translation abilities/tools. Get on the ball and do the right thing and communicate on this project page, in English, frequently... and - well REFUND NOW! Your product was obsolete before it got to the beta testers and is underpowered compared to lesser and even older products. CGC == poor excuse that issues poor excuses for what appears to be a poor project. Does anyone even care about the excuses anymore? I just want my refund. FB post of Lima prepping for another "I'm sorry, we have to delay further" video. Since I cannot share directly from FB to here. So I screened and croped it down to be viewable. more #Lies , #Delays, and #Fraud . <url>"beta tester" who intentionally lied to everyone here. I am happy to hear anything you have say, but I understand the illegal NDA you are operating under. @Jeff If you can get a waiver of the NDA, I would love to hear what you have to say. If you can't get permission to speak openly and honestly, you really have nothing of value to contribute by being 'positive' about Lima. In fact, it's only the negative comments *in spite of the NDA* that would have any weight. Anything else is indistinguishable for being a shill, since we cannot trust your comments. @ KC ok i did not know @KC that's what mine looks like. I can put my Lima back in the box and film an "unboxing" video for you guys. I can't really prove I'm not a shill but I tell you I am definitely not. I, like everyone else here was pretty upset that everything took this long but at least I have the device now, even if it is just in beta form. I don't care if Lima turns out to be the greatest device since the Walkman; I want my damn money back. CGC, refund my money in full and I will never post here or anywhere else about your company or product. Until then... #Fraud , #Lies , #Delays , #Theft REFUND NOW! @ozy: If it is not on this site (which is where it belongs) then it is not relevant as putting it elsewhere and expecting us to keep up with yet another site is essentially hiding it from backers. There is no need for a transcoder and the CPU on the Lima is far too under powered. Doing transcoding on other devices is also unneeded as they have the tools needed to it without junior programmers involved. Transcoding is generally needed to simplify the process on the (presumably) lesser powered presentation device (aka phone). But, as I stated... my 2Ghz-4core with a GPU and 2GB RAM phone is far more powerful than the Lima. So, transcoding is not relevant. Transcoding on the Lima most likely an excuse to soak more money and time out of the investment company while CGC learns how to program. @terry -That was the video we caught Taiyyib lying about. It is a fake unboxing by a shill @fmotta In the 'weekly blog post', Lima makes it look like they are working on a music and video player, as well as a metadata browser.... why? Received my two Lima devices this morning. Nice packaging & the headphones are a nice little touch. Finally, now the real challenge begins - getting them set up properly & working � Cheers <url>"reaping what you sow". 62. Tadeu Bento (<url>"reaping what you sow". 61. Shichimi (added due to comment) 60. Maoz Maroody (added due to comment) 59. BAPTISTE Jean-Christophe (added due to comment) 58. Michael Hofer (added due to comment) 57. Bereth Galicia Cetina 56. Mirko Maurice (<url>"Metadata enables you to sort your music by albums, songs and artists, and have a nice enriched view of the song you’re playing" "Metadata also enables you to choose subtitles when available" "We’ve started working on transcoding." WHY!?! This is not a music player. Lima just syncs the data. You repeatedly stated that the EXISTING APPS will JUST WORK. Stop adding unneeded, unwanted, out-of scope features! This is not a media player. It's a dropbox knock off. @CGC please post all backer updates to Kickstarter. We backed here, we expect updates here, not on your overly censored blog. @CGC, oh please, don't respond to the comments, it not like we are invisible to you or your #delaying , #Thieving ways. Not a fan of the new update, all I smell in it is another aspect of Bulls***. You have not clarified Linux support, other than "its built off linux and we will have it ready at the time beta ends" or some sort of vaporware talk you have been spewing the last 1.5 years. I know you read the comments here, and I know for a fact you can see the Tweets against your cause. I am open to discussion as long as you are open to give real #TRANSPARENT answers. Refund! NOW!! I demand refund! Whilst you are compiling your list, mine is on its way. Thanks so much Lima team for your hard work :) Consolidated List of People Wanting A Lima device Refund --------------------------------------------------- *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* --------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 60. Maoz Maroody (added due to comment) 59. BAPTISTE Jean-Christophe (added due to comment) 58. Michael Hofer (added due to comment) 57. Bereth Galicia Cetina 56. Mirko Maurice (<url>#Fraud , #Lies , #Delays , #Theft Today marks 30 days since Lima/CGC last bothered to reply to my emails. A whole month has gone by without anyone bothering to respond. No wonder your backers seem to hate you. REFUND NOW !!! - much too late (announced for 2013), - product has totally changed in features - not available for Linux, - too many lies, strange communication, no trust : does Lima simply exists ? Let's do a lawsuit ! Looks like I got blocked on Facebook, too. Since they don't respond here (or Facebook prior to blocking me), twitter, email or even give out real phone numbers, how are we supposed to contact them? Well, they blocked me from posting on their crap on Facebook, interestingly enough, #Truth Hurst does it not #Lima? @CGC still waiting on my comments to be approved by moderator on the blog post. Seeing as how it shows me their still awaiting approval, I took a screen shot for you and am working on spread the love with other Tech entities on the #Fraud , #Lies , #Delays , #Theft . @sinnyc -It's so preposterous that it almost has to be them trolling us for a second time* First was when they accepted pledges I love the "one per hour" thing. Honestly, how is that even possible? Do you have a single workstation that you are using to load your software on to the devices? How on earth could it take an hour? I can do firmware updates on routers and servers in less time. Hell, it doesn't take that long to re-image an entire workstation! If your production capability really is limited to one device per hour, you might as well close up shop right now because you guys are so fucking FAIL that it hurts to even think about. If, on the other hand, you are purposely limiting the release of this product for some reason other than your actual inability to do it any faster, you should take the person responsible for that decision out back and beat him or her with a garden hose until they lose consciousness. And then SHIP ALL OF THESE RIDICULOUSLY OVERDUE P.O.S. IMMEDIATELY. R E F U N D N O W ! ! ! Where are the backer updates? If you have time to blog, you have time to send Kickstarter backer updates. @Clemens - The bogus countdown is just a really dumb idea from some CGC marketeer. It's supposed to generate excitement in the same way "one an hour" was supposed to. Of course, both are slow, and ridiculous, but whoever had the idea must be too high up the pyramid of shit over there to be criticized (#georgelucassyndrome) Received an e-mail today it stated that I should receive my Lima units next week. I wonder if I have to sign an NDA too... I'll keep you posted. I&R @ Paul Ketelle Forgive me if I don't believe the overly positive comments made by people under a 'no negative press' style NDA. I find it amusing that you can't even get the supposedly working features working in 10 days, though. Thanks for the update! @Todd "I don't see what's stopping me from writing an honest opinion and review." The NDA. It's a legally binding contract. Breaking it would open you to legal action. "Is the NDA going to rip my face off if I tell you all about how the Pioneer Project is going so far for me?" Pretty much. The whole reason companies like Lima have draconian NDAs like that is to prevent honest information about their crappy product from getting out. @ozymandias NDA or not I'm saying how I have found it. had mine for 10days now and still not got it working with my current usb hard drive. My experience has been so far sad. the install is really easy and the IOS app is clean. I have had issues with my USB drive but that is likely the drive as it does not work with my Rasberry Pie either so might just not be compatible with Lima either. I've not had chance to get another external drive case that is compatible yet but will do soon. Might look tonight for a USB stick that does work with my Pie as that hopefully will work with Lima. I agree the updates and lack of delivery speed has been an issue and down right a disgrace, however that said. I have my Lima here and they have put some nice work into it. the packaging as mentioned before is very nice, apple nice. as soon as I get the bloody thing working with a usb storage device of some kind I'll let you know what its really like. has anyone noticed the lousy countdown they've setup on their blog indicating that they are shipping every hour (even at night?!?)? <url>"reaping what you sow". 57. Bereth Galicia Cetina 56. Mirko Maurice (<url>#Fraud & # Theft from the end of the beta group. 56+ people can't be wrong when we say, refund, or start answering ALL the questions in a real PR release, not some half witted blog. @alexandre could you please ask for a waiver of the NDA so you will be allowed to post unbiased comments? Hello CGC team! Just get my lima today! I m testing now! It is amazing you did a great job! It is always what I wanted to have, great & nice work you did! The packaging is very pro and design congratulations for this too. You gonna rock for sure! Even if is beta software version, it is very clear and easy to use. I like!!! Cheers, Alex How did these crooks, get Partch Ventures to foward them money? #Fraud & #Theft What's 8 tweets? They already have indicated they don't care about their public image. 8+ Tweets and still no word from MeetLima, come at us, let us hear your version of this twisted tale, answer our questions, properly. Tell us you messed up and did not have any python code, or anything at all for this outdated hardware. Where is the USB 3.0? Higher Grade Ethernet Module? It's amusing that the *ONLY* two approved posts on their blog are pro-lima shills -- and not a single negative comment.... Of course it will not get posted. They have been censoring that blog all along, which is part of why they refuse to post *here* on Kickstarter, where we backed and *expect* the updates -- they cannot censor us here. They are also seeing the pattern of posters every time they lie and delay here on Kickstarter -- more backers drop in to tell them what a shit project this has become. Submitted a long, and well worded few paragraphs to the Lima Blog that was recently posted, doubt they'll allow it to finalize and be posted, but just in case, I copied it, screen shotted that it was submitted and going to be forwarding that information to the emails of the Admins of CES/Editors/Bloggers: A List of all the editors to email: <email> <email> <email> <email> <email> <email> <email> <email> <email> <email> <url>"reaping what you sow". 57. Bereth Galicia Cetina 56. Mirko Maurice (<url>"reaping what you sow". 56. Mirko Maurice (<url>"reaping what you sow". 57. Gabriel de la Pena (<url>"For the avoidance of any doubt, the obligations of the Beta User pertaining to the Proprietary Information... shall survive any terminiation or expiration hereof" Any observations, comments, or thoughts about the product made during the first *9 months* of using the hardware we purchased *WITHOUT ANY SUCH AGREEMENT IN PLACE* is Lima's for eternity.... Also, why no word on Linux support/testing? how is that going? how about adding back in the advertised Android support? No one wants to use your shitty app to play music -- In fact, why is your app even *PLAYING* music? it's not a music app. @CGC Why do you refuse to discuss the refunds you owe? @Lima why are you updating your "blog" and not Kickstarter? We backed here, we expect updates *HERE*. As for the NDA expiring in 9 months, do you have a new version of it? The one that was publicly posted did *NOT* expire in 9 months -- in fact, it states that it applies forever. @James -Never underestimate the combo of incompetence and lack of accountability. @james "I don't understand why its taken so long to be a beta" It's taken so long because the kickstarter project was a lie. They started over with no code, and they just now are getting to the point they have testable code. Software takes time. Hi, I am on the Beta and have signed the NDA so can't say anything about the beta, the software or the Lima and need to be careful here due to the gagging clause. Which is indeed overly harsh in my opinion. I think I understand why it's there... I have had to wait to start testing my device due to other commitments. However I have had a look at it recently. I think the best think CGC could do is ship this thing and get it into as many hands as possible sooner rather than (any) later. I still find it very odd as to why this thing is still not shipped (warts and all). It doesn't make much sense... I also think if they miss getting these shipped this June then it really is bad news. I do have things to say about Lima and would be happy to share my no nonsense thoughts if CGC give me permission to do so. I realise its still a beta (I don't understand why its taken so long to be a beta) so I am happy to review it as such. Thanks, James @Sander Can you ask Lima for a waiver on the NDA so you can openly and honestly discuss your experiences? I ve been testing lima for a few months now. Consolidated List of People Wanting A Lima device Refund --------------------------------------------------- *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* --------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 56. Mirko Maurice (<url>"reaping what you sow". 55. VW (<url>#.VUbEAJGqpBd <url>"reaping what you sow". 54. Steve Munro (<url>"reaping what you sow". 56. Thomas Covington (<url>"reaping what you sow". 55. Bruce Humbert (<url>"reaping what you sow". 54. Steve Munro (<url>"reaping what you sow". 54. 53. Afonso Luciano (<url>"reaping what you sow". 53. 52. Nickstarter 51. Ariel Wiznia 50. hans wurst 49. BRANDON JOHNSON 48. Robert Gauck 47. Scott O Clark (added due to comment) 46. Baskaran Gupta (added due to comment) 45. works (added due to comment) 44. QF (added due to comment) 43. Fred Raguillat (added due to comment) 42. Bogdan Stanciu 41. Mike Gunderloy 40. lalee 39. Colin de Mello 38. SinNYC (Refund request emailed & ignored) 37. fmotta (added by comments) 36. Nicolas Morell (added due to comment) 35. Justin Bean 34. Joey Smith 33. Charles Engen 32. Amy Daley 31. Mehmet Acr 30. Andreas Dahl-Hansen 29. Gabriel de la Pena 28. Daniel Arevalo 27. Francisco Dianderas 26. Adam Doig (added by request) 25. Benjamin Eick 24. Charles-etienne jamme 23. Siqi Damien Liu 22. Daniel Wolpert(added due to request for refund) 21. Jason Bond (added due to request for refund) 20. Casey Allen 19. John 18. Michael Reiter 17. Ikalios 16. kokobin 15. Brian Carter 14. Kjell Provost 13. Keith Anderson 12. Dongjin Kim 11 Geert 10. Brandon Williams 9. Ian R 8. TC 7. Chris Lewis 6. Derya 5. TaylorWatson 4. KC 3. Ozymandias (already managed to get shipping refunded) 2. Max Metz 1. Rey Espinueva nobody cares anymore about your stupid lima, your updates are just making me sick. refund now give us our money back So the idea is: Buy something for delivery in 2 months, but get a crippled, partially working version of it at 20 months *if* you sign an after-the-sale contract the limits your legal rights. Don't sign, and you get it at some unspecified time in the future. The target for full functionality now being 25 months rather than 2 months. Bang up job, Lima! Told the shell's "bleeding edge" comment is hilarious: USB 2, 100Mbit, and file streaming was bleeding edge 5 years ago. Lima is technologically irrelevant, not innovative where do i check my shipping address for this project? i might have moved twice already since the start of the project. This user's account has been deleted. @ Tod, you can take your shilling elsewhere. We backed a project that was specifically laid out on the project page -- the manufacture and delivery of off-the-shelf hardware and previously written hardware. That project had very little risks, as the hard parts were done. Lima decided to use our money to start over with the hardware and software, drastically increasing both the risks, and the time it would take to deliver. That is *NOT* how Kickstarter works. That is *fraud*, and we would like refunds. When you add in the fact that the product they are currently designing no longer even works the same way as the product described on the project page, it just adds fuel to the refund demand fires. You can take your offer of a beta device (it's been in beta since before this Kickstarter project began) along with your request that I sign your NDA and cram it up your rectum sideways. REFUND NOW!!! I want a refund, if that is not possible, send the device. I'm not interested in signing an NDA for a product I have Paid for already. I see as I have three choices: 1. Refund, 2. Product w/o NDA, 3. Hope a class action. Lawsuit ruins you financially, your reputation is already in the sewer. Unfortunately, I think you're going to keep screwing us and its choice 4, more delays, no action, no accountability. I got mine and so far, i've been pleasantly surprised. I've only had one issue so far and to be perfectly honest I was trying to break it. I succeeded but I know how to fix it. @Paul is it formatted properly? There are just a few filesystem types that Lima supports. My drive initially wouldn't work until I changed to ext4. It was bound to happen. I've been pretty happy with all of my Kickstarter purchases. Some great/some good/some lame --> but ONLY Lima has been a huge disappointment. I work in the Silicon Valley, in the storage industry and understand the complexity of what they are trying to produce. But I didn't make the commitments -- they did. I didn't take peoples money and set unreasonable expectations -- they did. I guess at this point I appreciate they didn't just take the money and not product anything, but I'm doubting I'll ever see my Lima -- or if I do -- doubtful it will ever fulfill my dream of actually working. @Tod, you can go to hell with Lima. Have a nice day. Mine arrived and does not detect my USB drive. It's a 2.5 external USB drive and works on PCs macs etc but not Lima. Fail. Todd is a shill. 1 backed project. 2 comments. Both in defense of Lima. I've got my beta devices and am having trouble downloading and installing the software. I'm sure you'd like this feedback since I'm in the beta program, but I didn't get any instructions on how to contact you. Please let me know so I can share the issue and get my Lima up and running! Do you guys understand how Kickstarter works? It's been way longer than we expected. Way longer. Some people never get a return on investment. We will. All Kickstarter backers can join the Beta now and have their Lima by the end of June. They haven't run away with our money. I got my Lima. You will too. Be realistic. It's a brand new technology. It won't be perfect. I'm just not sure what all the refund requesters expected. The Lima didn't even exist we when we backed it. Things take time. Granted longer than we all expected. If the amount of money you spent to back this project is that important, you shouldn't have joined in the first place. We're here to support fledgling projects. Not all of them will succeed. You should do some research on what Kickstarter is actually all about. We're on the bleeding edge here. Get to grips with that. You'll get your device. I predict you'll be unhappy at first too if you're already trying to get your money back. Consolidated List of People Wanting A Lima device Refund --------------------------------------------------- *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* --------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 52. 51. Ariel Wiznia 50. hans wurst 49. BRANDON JOHNSON 48. Robert Gauck 47. Scott O Clark (added due to comment) 46. Baskaran Gupta (added due to comment) 45. works (added due to comment) 44. QF (added due to comment) 43. Fred Raguillat (added due to comment) 42. Bogdan Stanciu 41. Mike Gunderloy 40. lalee 39. Colin de Mello 38. SinNYC (Refund request emailed & ignored) 37. fmotta (added by comments) 36. Nicolas Morell (added due to comment) 35. Justin Bean 34. Joey Smith 33. Charles Engen 32. Amy Daley 31. Mehmet Acr 30. Andreas Dahl-Hansen 29. Gabriel de la Pena 28. Daniel Arevalo 27. Francisco Dianderas 26. Adam Doig (added by request) 25. Benjamin Eick 24. Charles-etienne jamme 23. Siqi Damien Liu 22. Daniel Wolpert(added due to request for refund) 21. Jason Bond (added due to request for refund) 20. Casey Allen 19. John 18. Michael Reiter 17. Ikalios 16. kokobin 15. Brian Carter 14. Kjell Provost 13. Keith Anderson 12. Dongjin Kim 11 Geert 10. Brandon Williams 9. Ian R 8. TC 7. Chris Lewis 6. Derya 5. TaylorWatson 4. KC 3. Ozymandias (already managed to get shipping refunded) 2. Max Metz 1. Rey Espinueva CALM DOWN. Check your email. If you want to join the beta now all Kickstarter backers can. I got my Pioneer Kit two weeks ago. I signed up for the Beta test a long time ago. I'm using my Lima on a PC and an Android phone as well as an Android tablet. It's for sure still in Beta. Not all the features are turned on yet. The cool thing? They included some swag on the package. Is a nice gesture. I appreciate it. Basically, if you're willing to HELP and you understand what beta means, you should go for it. If your expecting perfection, you're not going to be happy right now. Wait for the stable software. The estimate now is June. I was impatient too. I got my Lima. You will too. We've already waited this long. Another month or two isn't the end of the world. I got my Lima!! Hurray! Complaining here is ineffective they already have our money. It seems like complaining on <url>"reaping what you sow". 51. 50. hans wurst 49. BRANDON JOHNSON 48. Robert Gauck 47. Scott O Clark (added due to comment) 46. Baskaran Gupta (added due to comment) 45. works (added due to comment) 44. QF (added due to comment) 43. Fred Raguillat (added due to comment) 42. Bogdan Stanciu 41. Mike Gunderloy 40. lalee 39. Colin de Mello 38. SinNYC (Refund request emailed & ignored) 37. fmotta (added by comments) 36. Nicolas Morell (added due to comment) 35. Justin Bean 34. Joey Smith 33. Charles Engen 32. Amy Daley 31. Mehmet Acr 30. Andreas Dahl-Hansen 29. Gabriel de la Pena 28. Daniel Arevalo 27. Francisco Dianderas 26. Adam Doig (added by request) 25. Benjamin Eick 24. Charles-etienne jamme 23. Siqi Damien Liu 22. Daniel Wolpert(added due to request for refund) 21. Jason Bond (added due to request for refund) 20. Casey Allen 19. John 18. Michael Reiter 17. Ikalios 16. kokobin 15. Brian Carter 14. Kjell Provost 13. Keith Anderson 12. Dongjin Kim 11 Geert 10. Brandon Williams 9. Ian R 8. TC 7. Chris Lewis 6. Derya 5. TaylorWatson 4. KC 3. Ozymandias (already managed to get shipping refunded) 2. Max Metz 1. Rey Espinueva Consolidated List of People Wanting A Lima device Refund --------------------------------------------------- *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* --------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 49. BRANDON JOHNSON 48. Robert Gauck 47. Scott O Clark (added due to comment) 46. Baskaran Gupta (added due to comment) 45. works (added due to comment) 44. QF (added due to comment) 43. Fred Raguillat (added due to comment) 42. Bogdan Stanciu 41. Mike Gunderloy 40. lalee 39. Colin de Mello 38. SinNYC (Refund request emailed & ignored) 37. fmotta (added by comments) 36. Nicolas Morell (added due to comment) 35. Justin Bean 34. Joey Smith 33. Charles Engen 32. Amy Daley 31. Mehmet Acr 30. Andreas Dahl-Hansen 29. Gabriel de la Pena 28. Daniel Arevalo 27. Francisco Dianderas 26. Adam Doig (added by request) 25. Benjamin Eick 24. Charles-etienne jamme 23. Siqi Damien Liu 22. Daniel Wolpert(added due to request for refund) 21. Jason Bond (added due to request for refund) 20. Casey Allen 19. John 18. Michael Reiter 17. Ikalios 16. kokobin 15. Brian Carter 14. Kjell Provost 13. Keith Anderson 12. Dongjin Kim 11 Geert 10. Brandon Williams 9. Ian R 8. TC 7. Chris Lewis 6. Derya 5. TaylorWatson 4. KC 3. Ozymandias (already managed to get shipping refunded) 2. Max Metz 1. Rey Espinueva Consolidated List of People Wanting A Lima device Refund --------------------------------------------------- *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* --------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 48. Robert Gauck 47. Scott O Clark (added due to comment) 46. Baskaran Gupta (added due to comment) 45. works (added due to comment) 44. QF (added due to comment) 43. Fred Raguillat (added due to comment) 42. Bogdan Stanciu 41. Mike Gunderloy 40. lalee 39. Colin de Mello 38. SinNYC (Refund request emailed & ignored) 37. fmotta (added by comments) 36. Nicolas Morell (added due to comment) 35. Justin Bean 34. Joey Smith 33. Charles Engen 32. Amy Daley 31. Mehmet Acr 30. Andreas Dahl-Hansen 29. Gabriel de la Pena 28. Daniel Arevalo 27. Francisco Dianderas 26. Adam Doig (added by request) 25. Benjamin Eick 24. Charles-etienne jamme 23. Siqi Damien Liu 22. Daniel Wolpert(added due to request for refund) 21. Jason Bond (added due to request for refund) 20. Casey Allen 19. John 18. Michael Reiter 17. Ikalios 16. kokobin 15. Brian Carter 14. Kjell Provost 13. Keith Anderson 12. Dongjin Kim 11 Geert 10. Brandon Williams 9. Ian R 8. TC 7. Chris Lewis 6. Derya 5. TaylorWatson 4. KC 3. Ozymandias (already managed to get shipping refunded) 2. Max Metz 1. Rey Espinueva @CGC/Lima/Severin/Gawen/etc How do you expect to resolve the problems with your project if you refuse to respond to emails from backers? REFUND NOW! @marcel dube -- hopefully not -- I would rather get a refund than the broken software on outdated hardware they are pushing out. If they are not going to provide the product I backed, I'm out and would like a refund. I have no use for a device that is functionally no different than Dropbox, nor a company that is so incredibly rude to their backers like this. Hey Severin -- this 'small person' wants out! I have just install Lima as Pioneer Team ...wait and see...use and see. See you soon Consolidated List of People Wanting A Lima device Refund --------------------------------------------------- *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* --------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 47. Scott O Clark (added due to comment) 46. Baskaran Gupta (added due to comment) 45. works (added due to comment) 44. QF (added due to comment) 43. Fred Raguillat (added due to comment) 42. Bogdan Stanciu 41. Mike Gunderloy 40. lalee 39. Colin de Mello 38. SinNYC (Refund request emailed & ignored) 37. fmotta (added by comments) 36. Nicolas Morell (added due to comment) 35. Justin Bean 34. Joey Smith 33. Charles Engen 32. Amy Daley 31. Mehmet Acr 30. Andreas Dahl-Hansen 29. Gabriel de la Pena 28. Daniel Arevalo 27. Francisco Dianderas 26. Adam Doig (added by request) 25. Benjamin Eick 24. Charles-etienne jamme 23. Siqi Damien Liu 22. Daniel Wolpert(added due to request for refund) 21. Jason Bond (added due to request for refund) 20. Casey Allen 19. John 18. Michael Reiter 17. Ikalios 16. kokobin 15. Brian Carter 14. Kjell Provost 13. Keith Anderson 12. Dongjin Kim 11 Geert 10. Brandon Williams 9. Ian R 8. TC 7. Chris Lewis 6. Derya 5. TaylorWatson 4. KC 3. Ozymandias (already managed to get shipping refunded) 2. Max Metz 1. Rey Espinueva @ JT, that's 40 out of 12000 that have checked the comments thread *IN THE LAST SEVERAL DAYS* and added themselves to the list that wanted a refund. There are many more that have not added their name to the list, of have been requesting a refund for more than the several days that list has been around. There haven't even been 40 people posting *support* for Lima in the last several *months*... @Kevin It's nice to see you are not scared of the draconian NDA and are willing to post your experiences anyway. JT, makes you wonder why they won't pay refund us and get us off their backs then? I've asked them a couple of times for a refund...was refused! Consolidated List of People Wanting A Lima device Refund --------------------------------------------------- *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* --------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 42. Bogdan Stanciu 41. Mike Gunderloy 40. lalee 39. Colin de Mello 38. SinNYC (Refund request emailed & ignored) 37. fmotta (added by comments) 36. Nicolas Morell (added due to comment) 35. Justin Bean 34. Joey Smith 33. Charles Engen 32. Amy Daley 31. Mehmet Acr 30. Andreas Dahl-Hansen 29. Gabriel de la Pena 28. Daniel Arevalo 27. Francisco Dianderas 26. Adam Doig (added by request) 25. Benjamin Eick 24. Charles-etienne jamme 23. Siqi Damien Liu 22. Daniel Wolpert(added due to request for refund) 21. Jason Bond (added due to request for refund) 20. Casey Allen 19. John 18. Michael Reiter 17. Ikalios 16. kokobin 15. Brian Carter 14. Kjell Provost 13. Keith Anderson 12. Dongjin Kim 11 Geert 10. Brandon Williams 9. Ian R 8. TC 7. Chris Lewis 6. Derya 5. TaylorWatson 4. KC 3. Ozymandias (already managed to get shipping refunded) 2. Max Metz 1. Rey Espinueva 40 of about 12,000 want a refund? that´s a joke.... would like to get refund! THX Describe your worst KS SCAM on Gizmodo!!! <url>"reaping what you sow". 41. Mike Gunderloy 40. lalee 39. Colin de Mello 38. SinNYC (Refund request emailed & ignored) 37. fmotta (added by comments) 36. Nicolas Morell (added due to comment) 35. Justin Bean 34. Joey Smith 33. Charles Engen 32. Amy Daley 31. Mehmet Acr 30. Andreas Dahl-Hansen 29. Gabriel de la Pena 28. Daniel Arevalo 27. Francisco Dianderas 26. Adam Doig (added by request) 25. Benjamin Eick 24. Charles-etienne jamme 23. Siqi Damien Liu 22. Daniel Wolpert(added due to request for refund) 21. Jason Bond (added due to request for refund) 20. Casey Allen 19. John 18. Michael Reiter 17. Ikalios 16. kokobin 15. Brian Carter 14. Kjell Provost 13. Keith Anderson 12. Dongjin Kim 11 Geert 10. Brandon Williams 9. Ian R 8. TC 7. Chris Lewis 6. Derya 5. TaylorWatson 4. KC 3. Ozymandias (already managed to get shipping refunded) 2. Max Metz 1. Rey Espinueva I have waited enough. Refund MY money... KC only the ones saying positive things would get approval to post. Anyone negative would get denied by those con men. I love how every beta tester who has posted has only positive things to say. This pretty much means that either: a) A rift has opened in the spacetime continuum and we have all been sucked into merrymerryland, or b) CGC is curating their beta testers and their comments. Given the NDA, I know where I would bet my money... Consolidated List of People Wanting A Lima device Refund --------------------------------------------------- *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* --------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 40. lalee 39. Colin de Mello 38. SinNYC (Refund request emailed & ignored) 37. fmotta (added by comments) 36. Nicolas Morell (added due to comment) 35. Justin Bean 34. Joey Smith 33. Charles Engen 32. Amy Daley 31. Mehmet Acr 30. Andreas Dahl-Hansen 29. Gabriel de la Pena 28. Daniel Arevalo 27. Francisco Dianderas 26. Adam Doig (added by request) 25. Benjamin Eick 24. Charles-etienne jamme 23. Siqi Damien Liu 22. Daniel Wolpert(added due to request for refund) 21. Jason Bond (added due to request for refund) 20. Casey Allen 19. John 18. Michael Reiter 17. Ikalios 16. kokobin 15. Brian Carter 14. Kjell Provost 13. Keith Anderson 12. Dongjin Kim 11 Geert 10. Brandon Williams 9. Ian R 8. TC 7. Chris Lewis 6. Derya 5. TaylorWatson 4. KC 3. Ozymandias (already managed to get shipping refunded) 2. Max Metz 1. Rey Espinueva Nothings gonna change in these comments. Frustrated and upset backers. And one big a.hole of a company The CGC Team. In 6 months to a year from now. Lima will be nothing. All these beta crap for nothing. @Scott O Clark LOL! Excellent point about the comm standards and the fact that this product is basically already obsolete. Beta test product received in London - Will set up and start testing this weekend! Love reading post to catch up on the EPIC FAILURE. IOS photo sync has greatly improved with the new update and google drive does a good job with its update. My ship date was to be this month (April) last year. USB 3.0 was out when it started and now USB-C cables are out. I purchased a product that was going to be available this time last year. Who cares about betas now? I cared about that last year. Stop thinking with your dipstick, Jimmy and give me my $h1t or my money NOW! REFUND NOW! @Pulinx "...@Ozimandias and @Sinnyc why haven't you signed for the Beta. You could be helping instead of criticizing ? ..." If you've been following along you already know the answer to your question. If not, I'll summarize: It's about principles and Lima's lack thereof. This campaign, in its present state, is not what I signed up for and it is far behind schedule - so far, in fact, that the opportunity cost of my pledge outweighs whatever their eventual product might turn out to be. At this point, I don't care if this project eventually fulfills all of it's promises AND gives me on-demand foot massages - I want my money back right &$*%@&% now. The only help I would consider giving Lima is in the form of the following pledge: "I hereby declare that if Lima gives me a full refund, I will, upon receipt of that refund, sign an agreement to the effect that I will never again post a single word here or anywhere else about this project." Until I receive that refund, I shall continue to believe that the Lima Team has defrauded every last one of us. @ pulinx > And if you want me testing a scenario just ask. Please test syncing a large, high bit rate Bluray from Linux to VLC running on android. Please do *NOT* use the Lima app to load the file into VLC, but rather navigate to the BluRay file on the filesystem with VLC's built in file browser -- and do not do this over wifi -- use a mobile network if you can. Also, the NDA does not just concern the beta. There is a clause that states that anything you say about Lima over the course of the NDA will be owned by Lima -- forever -- not just while the NDA is in effect. All I know is I am not getting what I paid for, and Lima didn't use the money for what they told us, so I would like my money so I can use it for something modern and useful. These are all features that are *supposed* to work 2 years ago, and are advertized. @pulinx A) I would rather have a refund than a failed product that doesn't match the specs I backed. B) I was told in November I would be in the beta, and Lima still refuses to respond to emails or send me a unit. I'm guessing they are afraid of what I would say. C) I use Linux and android -- Linux is not part of the beta test, and Android is crippled, and they no longer intend to get it working D) I will not sign an NDA to be a consumer of a product (or service) that I already paid for, nor will I sign over any of my rights to Lima in perpetuity. If I were to beta test, I damn well better be free to speak my mind E) I no longer am interested in 2 year old hardware, when dropbox, or a raspberry pi will do the same, or better, with fewer privacy issues. It amazes me how many people still support these clowns. Thank you for your kind words KC. The NDA concerns the beta. Just like every NDA I signed for other betas. Maybe I'm a sheep then I'm a grown up sheep who's just not crying/complaining because he can't have what he wants when he wants. Cheers. @Pulinx, -Really? That has to be the most idiotic question of all time. If I thought the Lima was going to be *great* (which it won't) I still would not sign an NDA that gives a company the rights to my words in perpetuity. Nor would I sign one that says I cannot express my opinion without it being authorized first. Maybe you are a sheep, -I don't know, but most people expect to get what they pay for rather than being slapped with a contract after the sale. Hey guys, @Ozimandias and @Sinnyc why haven't you signed for the Beta. You could be helping instead of criticizing ? I won't come back on my point of view even if I would say again that I don't entirely agree/disagree with Ozy's point of view. I'm still supporting this project even thought I think Lima's Team should have propose backers a refund when they changed some of their plan (Linux and so on). Me working mostly on Apple, Windows, iOS, Androïd I'm ok with Lima's features. Now what about the Beta ? Well I received a package from Lima today. Inside there was many things including the Lima. I've set it up according to the set-up demo with success (already public). Now here's the NDA@work so I won't comment farther. I will try being as thorough as possible. And if you want me testing a scenario just ask. I won't be able to comment but your scenario will have been tested and if bug there are I will report them so by the time you get YOUR Lima you'll be happy. It was a long wait, but I have been very impressed with how polished this product is. I'm part of the Berlin beta group and have been operating with Lima on iOS and OS X since Sunday. Setup was pleasantly simple, and I look forward to seeing what all Lima can handle. So far, HD video streams flawlessly. Great work Lima Team! Saw this on another failing project. Yufu might be a great candidate! Just email the author- contact provided in the article. <url>"reaping what you sow". 39. Colin de Mello 38. SinNYC (Refund request emailed & ignored) 37. fmotta (added by comments) 36. Nicolas Morell (added due to comment) 35. Justin Bean 34. Joey Smith 33. Charles Engen 32. Amy Daley 31. Mehmet Acr 30. Andreas Dahl-Hansen 29. Gabriel de la Pena 28. Daniel Arevalo 27. Francisco Dianderas 26. Adam Doig (added by request) 25. Benjamin Eick 24. Charles-etienne jamme 23. Siqi Damien Liu 22. Daniel Wolpert(added due to request for refund) 21. Jason Bond (added due to request for refund) 20. Casey Allen 19. John 18. Michael Reiter 17. Ikalios 16. kokobin 15. Brian Carter 14. Kjell Provost 13. Keith Anderson 12. Dongjin Kim 11 Geert 10. Brandon Williams 9. Ian R 8. TC 7. Chris Lewis 6. Derya 5. TaylorWatson 4. KC 3. Ozymandias (already managed to get shipping refunded) 2. Max Metz 1. Rey Espinueva @sinnyc they don't seem to be bothering to reply to backers anymore. They are too good for us 'small people' -- Severin actually called us that on the phone. Did I Ever mention that I have Not received An answer From you, Lima, on my Inquiry requesting a Refund? I guess I have Even less of a chance now... From the beginning, I've been Uneasy about this project. Clearly, Lima has been a Kickstarter scam from the beginning. You have lied, delayed, and failed to deliver On your promises. Ultimately, I hope you thieves end up in prison. Listen up, Lima: I want my Money back And I want it now. Consolidated List of People Wanting A Lima device Refund --------------------------------------------------- *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* --------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 38. SinNYC (Refund request emailed & ignored) 37. fmotta (added by comments) 36. Nicolas Morell (added due to comment) 35. Justin Bean 34. Joey Smith 33. Charles Engen 32. Amy Daley 31. Mehmet Acr 30. Andreas Dahl-Hansen 29. Gabriel de la Pena 28. Daniel Arevalo 27. Francisco Dianderas 26. Adam Doig (added by request) 25. Benjamin Eick 24. Charles-etienne jamme 23. Siqi Damien Liu 22. Daniel Wolpert(added due to request for refund) 21. Jason Bond (added due to request for refund) 20. Casey Allen 19. John 18. Michael Reiter 17. Ikalios 16. kokobin 15. Brian Carter 14. Kjell Provost 13. Keith Anderson 12. Dongjin Kim 11 Geert 10. Brandon Williams 9. Ian R 8. TC 7. Chris Lewis 6. Derya 5. TaylorWatson 4. KC 3. Ozymandias (already managed to get shipping refunded) 2. Max Metz 1. Rey Espinueva @pulinx You had to sign the NDA prior to them shipping... Hi again. I reach back to you guys to tell you that 2 more steps have been made. 1 i've received a tracking number for my Lima. It should arrive in 2/3 days. 2 I've received the iOS app to test via Apple TestFlight. I'll keep on informing you until my tests start. Then NDA... This user's account has been deleted. <url>"404 Not Found" 5+ hours to fix a simple website? Really? Their site is *still* down. Stay classy Lima. You can't manage a simple website, but want to manage all our data? BAWAHAHAHAHA! That's been wrong for quite some time. You can only currently get the unit if you sign the NDA, and it's misleading to call it a "Lima Device", as that implies that the features of the "Lima Device" would be, you know, working. Since they don't even plan on turning most of the features on until Sept -- and even then they are dropping many features.... On their website: -When will you ship Lima? The first Lima devices will be delivered to our Kickstarter backers in Spring 2015. Concerning pre-orders, it will depend of the batch. If you pre-order now, delivery is expected in Summer 2015. Right guys, you should correct those, this is still lying.You don't know what you are doing and you only push the deadline again and again and again. Why should be even trust you ? (again...and again...) Awwww the poor meetlima.com site is offline. Are they getting DoSed? or did they run out of money and forget to pay the bills? Consolidated List of People Wanting A Lima device Refund --------------------------------------------------- *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* --------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 37. fmotta (added by comments) 36. Nicolas Morell (added due to comment) 35. Justin Bean 34. Joey Smith 33. Charles Engen 32. Amy Daley 31. Mehmet Acr 30. Andreas Dahl-Hansen 29. Gabriel de la Pena 28. Daniel Arevalo 27. Francisco Dianderas 26. Adam Doig (added by request) 25. Benjamin Eick 24. Charles-etienne jamme 23. Siqi Damien Liu 22. Daniel Wolpert(added due to request for refund) 21. Jason Bond (added due to request for refund) 20. Casey Allen 19. John 18. Michael Reiter 17. Ikalios 16. kokobin 15. Brian Carter 14. Kjell Provost 13. Keith Anderson 12. Dongjin Kim 11 Geert 10. Brandon Williams 9. Ian R 8. TC 7. Chris Lewis 6. Derya 5. TaylorWatson 4. KC 3. Ozymandias (already managed to get shipping refunded) 2. Max Metz 1. Rey Espinueva Consolidated List of People Wanting A Lima device Refund --------------------------------------------------- *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* --------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 36. Nicolas Morell (added due to comment) 35. Justin Bean 34. Joey Smith 33. Charles Engen 32. Amy Daley 31. Mehmet Acr 30. Andreas Dahl-Hansen 29. Gabriel de la Pena 28. Daniel Arevalo 27. Francisco Dianderas 26. Adam Doig (added by request) 25. Benjamin Eick 24. Charles-etienne jamme 23. Siqi Damien Liu 22. Daniel Wolpert(added due to request for refund) 21. Jason Bond (added due to request for refund) 20. Casey Allen 19. John 18. Michael Reiter 17. Ikalios 16. kokobin 15. Brian Carter 14. Kjell Provost 13. Keith Anderson 12. Dongjin Kim 11 Geert 10. Brandon Williams 9. Ian R 8. TC 7. Chris Lewis 6. Derya 5. TaylorWatson 4. KC 3. Ozymandias (already managed to get shipping refunded) 2. Max Metz 1. Rey Espinueva REFUND NOW! Refund NOW!! @ConmenGatheringCash, Since you are no longer supporing Linux, Android, or the *basic* security model at the core of your project, when are refunds coming out to those that want them? @Christopher And they prove themselves to be untrustworthy multiple times. @CGC So, for the sake of security reasons, REFUND! I don't want any of my data relay to your server. On the Lima’s Core To CGC, thank you updating your blog and Twitter, oh and Facebook - Just not your backers on Kickstarter For those who missed this: <url>’s speed of sync from a user’s devices to its Lima device. Scaling of the ZVPN: when devices are unable to communicate with each other directly, the last fall back is using one of our servers as a relay. We only had one server for the moment, and we’re now ready to have N servers. This means as fall back your data will travel through Lima's servers which is a direct contradiction to the FAQ on the original campaign page: " Please be aware that most of the VPN solutions have a "star topology” (ie OpenVPN), meaning there's a central server somewhere which relays all traffic. This is not something which can be done with Lima, as we do *not* want to manage your traffic, for security reasons." <url>"By the end of the month, we aim at shipping a Lima device every hour. We will send you an update when this starts, and you'll be able to sign up to receive the Lima first, which will still be in Beta" @CGC post updates here. We backed here, and expect updates to come from here. The only reason to post anywhere else is because you are tired of every time you post lies here, we call you on it. > @Amy Daley: For clarification, we won't require you to sign a NDA to send you your reward. You'll just need to do it if you want to participate to the beta test and help us stabilize the Lima apps. You just have to wait until after everyone else gets their device..... Sorry for the typo. They mentioned that my email address is not in their list of supporters. When I contacted, they mentioned my email address on the list. I am an early bird supporter. Hey @CGC.... "@all, for those who would like to know what’s happening on a weekly basis, you can check our blog to get the latest news on debugging." If you don't post weekly your own statement is not true. So far in the last almost 4 months you have only posted 5 blog entries (1/14/15 1/16/15,2/25/15,3/19/15, and today, 4/27/15) You haven't kept your word so far, why start now ? 7 days in each week ... @Justin Good one! Smack in the face after repetitive useless replies from you know who! @CGC, you mean Lima won't and can't make my computer bigger? And I can't and won't have my devices one? That all those poor lonely hard drive won't and can't be assimilated with the hive, even thought they are not forced to? So, Lima can't and wont help in my case? Then I ask you, whats the point for me to keep my Limas? Yes, I stupidly ordered two for backup functionality which is still long in the road. If, it would come and not being further outdated by that time. You can't even guarantee that you will continue to develop this version of Lima after you shipped them to bug off backers! Even if you promise or guarantee, your words has already been proven so many times to be not trustworthy. Just refund me and I will stop bugging you. Consolidated List of People Wanting A Lima device Refund --------------------------------------------------- *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* --------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 35. Justin Bean 34. Joey Smith 33. Charles Engen 32. Amy Daley 31. Mehmet Acr 30. Andreas Dahl-Hansen 29. Gabriel de la Pena 28. Daniel Arevalo 27. Francisco Dianderas 26. Adam Doig (added by request) 25. Benjamin Eick 24. Charles-etienne jamme 23. Siqi Damien Liu 22. Daniel Wolpert(added due to request for refund) 21. Jason Bond (added due to request for refund) 20. Casey Allen 19. John 18. Michael Reiter 17. Ikalios 16. kokobin 15. Brian Carter 14. Kjell Provost 13. Keith Anderson 12. Dongjin Kim 11 Geert 10. Brandon Williams 9. Ian R 8. TC 7. Chris Lewis 6. Derya 5. TaylorWatson 4. KC 3. Ozymandias (already managed to get shipping refunded) 2. Max Metz 1. Rey Espinueva @Kevin -- that's part of the problem. The ConmenGatheringCash team has publicly, and repeatedly stated that they are not adding in many of the missing features, and they have no intention of changing that. " it gets in the way of backer communication"? it *IS* backer communication. Since Lima/ConmenGatheringCash refuse to respond via email, twitter, or phone (in fact, they give out fake phone numbers), it's time to take it public, and work with any of the other victims to attempt to get resolution. Again, if you have a problem with all the people demanding the refunds that are owed to them, take it up with the ConmenGatheringCash -- they have the ability to fix it and have the requests go away. @Don Euhm comments euhm are comments? It's not a forum!! If we don't receive a refund i'll contact: <url>"Rey" to skip past it.) I've gotta say that I lost hope in this project and think that the delays + lack of communication have been unacceptable. But, now that I finally have this beta version in my hands, I'm so far pretty happy with the product. If it works as well once it has all of the promised features, I'll be really happy with it. Consolidated List of People Wanting A Lima device Refund --------------------------------------------------- *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* --------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 34. Joey Smith 33. Charles Engen 32. Amy Daley 31. Mehmet Acr 30. Andreas Dahl-Hansen 29. Gabriel de la Pena 28. Daniel Arevalo 27. Francisco Dianderas 26. Adam Doig (added by request) 25. Benjamin Eick 24. Charles-etienne jamme 23. Siqi Damien Liu 22. Daniel Wolpert(added due to request for refund) 21. Jason Bond (added due to request for refund) 20. Casey Allen 19. John 18. Michael Reiter 17. Ikalios 16. kokobin 15. Brian Carter 14. Kjell Provost 13. Keith Anderson 12. Dongjin Kim 11 Geert 10. Brandon Williams 9. Ian R 8. TC 7. Chris Lewis 6. Derya 5. TaylorWatson 4. KC 3. Ozymandias (already managed to get shipping refunded) 2. Max Metz 1. Rey Espinueva @Don Gateley What 'spamming jamming' list are you talking about? The list of backers demanding refunds is not spam, since it is important, relevant communication with the project creator. If you do not wish to see that list, please communicate with Lima that they should be providing refunds to all the upset backers. To skip over the spamming jamming list, should you encounter one just search for "Rey" in your browser window and you'll be taken to the bottom of his stupid list above the next post. @ozymandias well as per the NDA, I'm not sure if I can express any opinion on the functions of the device itself yet, but I suppose I can tell you that I have only used it with iOS and Windows 7 thus far, so my opinions wouldn't be of much help anyway @Jeff how is the Linux and Android support? This may cause a stir, but I just recently received my Lima for beta testing, and I'm pretty excited. I know a lot of people have been clamoring for a refund, but I still have hope for this device. I also understand that there are other options for achieving similar functions as far as devices or setups are concerned, but I'm just happy to have the device in my hand after these long two years. All those unhappy with Lima.... say so on facebook, twitter, etc... with the hashtags #Innovators35 and/or #Innnovadores35 I have sent an email to Innovators Under 35 saying.... You have been taken in, why don't you wait until AFTER the product is created and can be demonstrated to award a "top innovator under 35" award. Thanks @Christopher Lewis: what the hell.... Severin a top innovator ??? <url>﻿ Feliz de recibir mi @MeetLima, ansioso de empezar la prueba. I backed Lima/Plug/CrappyTruc for the possibility to reuse my old HD all together... I just read that you can't plug more than only one HD at a time ? I can't believe it ! <url>"Severin was named one of the top Innovators Under 35 by the MIT Technology Review" I have emailed them at info_innovatorsunder35 (at) opinno.com Consolidated List of People Wanting A Lima device Refund --------------------------------------------------- *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* --------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 34. Joey Smith 33. Charles Engen 32. Amy Daley 31. Mehmet Acr 30. Andreas Dahl-Hansen 29. Gabriel de la Pena 28. Daniel Arevalo 27. Francisco Dianderas 26. Adam Doig (added by request) 25. Benjamin Eick 24. Charles-etienne jamme 23. Siqi Damien Liu 22. Daniel Wolpert(added due to request for refund) 21. Jason Bond (added due to request for refund) 20. Casey Allen 19. John 18. Michael Reiter 17. Ikalios 16. kokobin 15. Brian Carter 14. Kjell Provost 13. Keith Anderson 12. Dongjin Kim 11 Geert 10. Brandon Williams 9. Ian R 8. TC 7. Chris Lewis 6. Derya 5. TaylorWatson 4. KC 3. Ozymandias (already managed to get shipping refunded) 2. Max Metz 1. Rey Espinueva I did an unboxing video that i never uploaded to youtube. Cause it does not feel like its worth putting online. Its like im insulting myself for even showing this piece if crap that don't work. Im glad that i got my none working Lima. It sits in the garage in the box which it came in, inside a larger storage container filled with other kickstater crap I got. Now every time i see a good idea on KS. I always ask myself. Do i really need this crap? A year from now will i be using this crap? And Consider that this idea can come from better and mature company. Save yourself from kickstarter drama crap. @provost, that idea has been done before. There was a list done back then which had names of backers who commented on requesting refunds. I think it was a year ago. Good luck finding it. My name was also included there. But since i got my none working Lima and the NDA. Im out of the refund. Consolidated List of People Wanting A Lima device Refund --------------------------------------------------- *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* --------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 33. Charles Engen 32. Amy Daley 31. Mehmet Acr 30. Andreas Dahl-Hansen 29. Gabriel de la Pena 28. Daniel Arevalo 27. Francisco Dianderas 26. Adam Doig (added by request) 25. Benjamin Eick 24. Charles-etienne jamme 23. Siqi Damien Liu 22. Daniel Wolpert(added due to request for refund) 21. Jason Bond (added due to request for refund) 20. Casey Allen 19. John 18. Michael Reiter 17. Ikalios 16. kokobin 15. Brian Carter 14. Kjell Provost 13. Keith Anderson 12. Dongjin Kim 11 Geert 10. Brandon Williams 9. Ian R 8. TC 7. Chris Lewis 6. Derya 5. TaylorWatson 4. KC 3. Ozymandias (already managed to get shipping refunded) 2. Max Metz 1. Rey Espinueva @provost That seems like a decent idea. @pulinx, you might want to re-read it. <url>"reaping what you sow". 32. Amy Daley 31. Mehmet Acr 30. Andreas Dahl-Hansen 29. Gabriel de la Pena 28. Daniel Arevalo 27. Francisco Dianderas 26. Adam Doig (added by request) 25. Benjamin Eick 24. Charles-etienne jamme 23. Siqi Damien Liu 22. Daniel Wolpert(added due to request for refund) 21. Jason Bond (added due to request for refund) 20. Casey Allen 19. John 18. Michael Reiter 17. Ikalios 16. kokobin 15. Brian Carter 14. Kjell Provost 13. Keith Anderson 12. Dongjin Kim 11 Geert 10. Brandon Williams 9. Ian R 8. TC 7. Chris Lewis 6. Derya 5. TaylorWatson 4. KC 3. Ozymandias (already managed to get shipping refunded) 2. Max Metz 1. Rey Espinueva Pulinx thanks for the reply - trouble I have is a lot of the functionality has been removed (like linux xupport, being able to have more than one HD attached to the Lima, support for non standard store locations, like TC I do not use my docs etc, in the comments CGC confirmed that we would be able to point Lima to them, no longer). The list is longer but it is no longer suitable for my set up due to decision to redo the code. Good point Christopher. I am less disappointed because I see this differently. Like you say "the throwing away of two years work and re-starting code from scratch". When I got involved in this I backed for a product and functionalities. I'd rather be disappointed with a right-in-time delivered product that I would have throw away by now because it's ill-coded. And I would have had the feeling of being screwed. I'd rather wait. Where I join you is, about the delay. At that time (when they decided to re-code) I would have offered the possibility of a refund. Not that usually I would but in this case when the added delay is that huge then it becomes a smart move. Anticipating a bigger problem was their idea when they trashed the first code. They should have also anticipated backers' rightfull wish not to wait this long. Lack of experience again. For instance I backed a smartphone dock. when it came, later than expected I was 2 month away from getting a new device (with a different connector). In Lima's case, I chose to wait because it's functionalities appeal to me. And as an expert in the technology (@work, I mean it's my job) I am curious about it. And so I wasn't surprised by their first failure because I'm well aware of cross-platform file system exchange difficulty. At that time I saw their product as a "tour de force". And later they crashed !!! I really get you and your grudge. My expectations are just different if I can say it like this. Regards, "First an more important, Kickstarter project never implies a success and YOU should be aware of that when YOU and only you decide to become a backer. " We were aware of that, and we assessed the risks when we decided to back. However, Lima decided to change the scope of the project, and introduce many, many new risks that were not part of the project. They took the money to slap existing software in off-the-shell hardware. The hardware is ready, but the software is not. Why? because they scrapped 2 years of software development and started over, which is not what we backed -- not to mention they have removed features every step of the way. That said, the Kickstarter TOS state that project creators owe refunds if the project fails, so it's a moot point. Hi thanks for posting and glad you'll be getting your Lima soon. But can I just bring you up on one thing "First an more important, Kickstarter project never implies a success and YOU should be aware of that when YOU and only you decide to become a backer. " I would be very surprised if any backer is not aware of this. We are angry about the throwing away of two years work and re-starting code from scratch. They should have offered us refunds as soon as they did this anything else is a breach of kick starters terms they signed up to. I backed a completion of user interfaces and hardware production with a completion date of a few months, not what they actually did with the money. Rejoiy everyone as I am going to get my Lima device. I asked to be part of the Beta Team and got accepted a while back. Now I'll be able to help everyone getting a good product. I can understand some peoples frustration about the delays and/or the communication about this project. Thought I would like to give my point of view regarding this. First an more important, Kickstarter project never implies a success and YOU should be aware of that when YOU and only you decide to become a backer. It is not my first campaign and only one of them ended according to the scheduled plan. Second, people @ Team Lima were never there to abuse peoples' trust or anything like this. The only valid criticism I come to think about is that they were cruelly lacking of expirience. But one can't swim right on it's first attempt, no ? Please be kind to them and maybe try to remember yourself living that awkward situation where you realize that you have engaged yourself in something and find yourself in way over your head. Before this post ends, forgive my english mistakes as it's not my mother language. And now I leave you with a copy of today's Lima's mail to convince you that they are @work and that in a rather short time you can expect to receive your own delivery announce. Hey there! We’re very pleased to write you to prepare the shipment of your Lima device(s). To make sure your parcel will hit your mailbox smoothly, could you please confirm your shipping address: CONFIRM Tips: Feel free to add your phone number, it helps for shipments outside the USA and Canada. If you have ordered several Lima devices with different shipping addresses, you will receive one email per order. The following product(s) will be shipped once your address is confirmed: Item Description Quantity Lima P1-PRPL-EU 1 Tshirt TS-L 1 Any questions? Contact us at <email>. Many thanks for your support. Your Lima will soon be in your hands :) Best, Severin and the Lima team. <url>"reaping what you sow". 31. Mehmet Acr 30. Andreas Dahl-Hansen 29. Gabriel de la Pena 28. Daniel Arevalo 27. Francisco Dianderas 26. Adam Doig (added by request) 25. Benjamin Eick 24. Charles-etienne jamme 23. Siqi Damien Liu 22. Daniel Wolpert(added due to request for refund) 21. Jason Bond (added due to request for refund) 20. Casey Allen 19. John 18. Michael Reiter 17. Ikalios 16. kokobin 15. Brian Carter 14. Kjell Provost 13. Keith Anderson 12. Dongjin Kim 11 Geert 10. Brandon Williams 9. Ian R 8. TC 7. Chris Lewis 6. Derya 5. TaylorWatson 4. KC 3. Ozymandias (already managed to get shipping refunded) 2. Max Metz 1. Rey Espinueva @BrianS Didn't see that coming. But, nothing is, with this project. @TC: (sarcasm tag goes here) The technology was developed on 'Linux,' but the pictures I've seen all show developers working on fancy-pants Macs. I'd guess the majority of the codebase was developed on those Macs. However, Unix was developed by AT&T Minix was created as a small, Unix-like system Linux was influenced by Minix I'd like something frozen but, University of California, Berkeley developed a Unix-like, called BSD OSX is descended from BSD Cake batter flavor froyo is the best Therefore, Linux has a terminal application OSX has a terminal application I have a spoon That means OSX is Linux. Your argument is invalid :) (closing the sarcasm tag, but no HTML allowed) @ CGC Lima’s core technology was developed on Linux: that means that everything is *already* coded for Linux except for the UI. So why it hasn't been implemented and tested yet? If that is your "CORE" technology and everything else (Windows, OSX, iOS, android) has to be written around it, shouldn't it be the one to have been first released? UI is the easy part right(according to your previous reply)? Or your core technology hasn't been fine tuned yet? And since it is Linux, where is the source code when everyone is asking for it? So, to be easy for you. Do you have the stable Linux client software? Second, a long avoided question! I don't save my file in the predetermined folders a.k.a "Home" folders of my computer, I have dedicated hard drive for each of my photos, music and other files. In fact, I have 4 Hard drive installed in my home PC that runs 32bit Windows 7. A laptop that runs ElementaryOS, another with Ubuntu loaded and two netbooks with 32bit Windows XP. At work, I have a admin locked down 32bit Windows XP work station and Mac running old OSX. So, how do you see "Unification" and Lima would help in this case? Don't tell me to update my OS or hardware, my family are happy with them. @David At best 24 a day in total? Given their track records, they might just missed the word "Working". It could be "By the end of the month, we aim at shipping a Lima device every WORKING hour", and France has a relatively short one. @CGC if the kickstarters money was spent to build the device, could you please use some of the US$2.5 million Romain Lavault from Partech Ventures gave you in June to find my refund instead please. I company must have funds as you are "solid" and currently hiring staff. Could you also please explain what went wrong with your distribution partnership? March 13 - "We’ve partnered with logistics experts in the United States and in Europe to have an automatic service that is able to ship hundreds of products the same day with a high quality level." April 21st - "By the end of the month, we aim at shipping a Lima device every hour" - so at best 24 a day in total. Consolidated List of People Wanting A Lima device Refund --------------------------------------------------- *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* --------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 30. Andreas Dahl-Hansen 29. Gabriel de la Pena 28. Daniel Arevalo 27. Francisco Dianderas 26. Adam Doig (added by request) 25. Benjamin Eick 24. Charles-etienne jamme 23. Siqi Damien Liu 22. Daniel Wolpert(added due to request for refund) 21. Jason Bond (added due to request for refund) 20. Casey Allen 19. John 18. Michael Reiter 17. Ikalios 16. kokobin 15. Brian Carter 14. Kjell Provost 13. Keith Anderson 12. Dongjin Kim 11 Geert 10. Brandon Williams 9. Ian R 8. TC 7. Chris Lewis 6. Derya 5. TaylorWatson 4. KC 3. Ozymandias (already managed to get shipping refunded) 2. Max Metz 1. Rey Espinueva Consolidated List of People Wanting A Lima device Refund --------------------------------------------------- *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* --------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 29. Gabriel de la Pena 28. Daniel Arevalo 27. Francisco Dianderas 26. Adam Doig (added by request) 25. Benjamin Eick 24. Charles-etienne jamme 23. Siqi Damien Liu 22. Daniel Wolpert(added due to request for refund) 21. Jason Bond (added due to request for refund) 20. Casey Allen 19. John 18. Michael Reiter 17. Ikalios 16. kokobin 15. Brian Carter 14. Kjell Provost 13. Keith Anderson 12. Dongjin Kim 11 Geert 10. Brandon Williams 9. Ian R 8. TC 7. Chris Lewis 6. Derya 5. TaylorWatson 4. KC 3. Ozymandias (already managed to get shipping refunded) 2. Max Metz 1. Rey Espinueva Consolidated List of People Wanting A Lima device Refund --------------------------------------------------- *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* --------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 28. Daniel Arevalo 27. Francisco Dianderas 26. Adam Doig (added by request) 25. Benjamin Eick 24. Charles-etienne jamme 23. Siqi Damien Liu 22. Daniel Wolpert(added due to request for refund) 21. Jason Bond (added due to request for refund) 20. Casey Allen 19. John 18. Michael Reiter 17. Ikalios 16. kokobin 15. Brian Carter 14. Kjell Provost 13. Keith Anderson 12. Dongjin Kim 11 Geert 10. Brandon Williams 9. Ian R 8. TC 7. Chris Lewis 6. Derya 5. TaylorWatson 4. KC 3. Ozymandias (already managed to get shipping refunded) 2. Max Metz 1. Rey Espinueva Consolidated List of People Wanting A Lima device Refund --------------------------------------------------- *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* --------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 27. Francisco Dianderas 26. Adam Doig (added by request) 25. Benjamin Eick 24. Charles-etienne jamme 23. Siqi Damien Liu 22. Daniel Wolpert(added due to request for refund) 21. Jason Bond (added due to request for refund) 20. Casey Allen 19. John 18. Michael Reiter 17. Ikalios 16. kokobin 15. Brian Carter 14. Kjell Provost 13. Keith Anderson 12. Dongjin Kim 11 Geert 10. Brandon Williams 9. Ian R 8. TC 7. Chris Lewis 6. Derya 5. TaylorWatson 4. KC 3. Ozymandias (already managed to get shipping refunded) 2. Max Metz 1. Rey Espinueva It's funny these idiots keep comparing themselves to a hardware company when they didn't developer any hardware. You guys borrowed someone else's invention so stop saying you are a hardware company!! The only crap you developed are lies and bullshit to the backers that supported you. Karma is a **** Severin. Consolidated List of People Wanting A Lima device Refund --------------------------------------------------- *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* --------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 26. Adam Doig (added by request) 25. Benjamin Eick 24. Charles-etienne jamme 23. Siqi Damien Liu 22. Daniel Wolpert(added due to request for refund) 21. Jason Bond (added due to request for refund) 20. Casey Allen 19. John 18. Michael Reiter 17. Ikalios 16. kokobin 15. Brian Carter 14. Kjell Provost 13. Keith Anderson 12. Dongjin Kim 11 Geert 10. Brandon Williams 9. Ian R 8. TC 7. Chris Lewis 6. Derya 5. TaylorWatson 4. KC 3. Ozymandias (already managed to get shipping refunded) 2. Max Metz 1. Rey Espinueva Asking your paying customers to sign an NDA *AFTER THE FACT* takes it to a whole new level -- especially on dead technology that has already been beaten to market by several years. @oxy get a load of items #5 and #6- it takes "cover your ass" to a new level. Why anyone would give up their rights to hold CGC responsible for a poor product is beyond reason.. and remember this is just a "beta". Consolidated List of People Wanting A Lima device Refund --------------------------------------------------- *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* --------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 25. Benjamin Eick 24. Charles-etienne jamme 23. Siqi Damien Liu 22. Daniel Wolpert(added due to request for refund) 21. Jason Bond (added due to request for refund) 20. Casey Allen 19. John 18. Michael Reiter 17. Ikalios 16. kokobin 15. Brian Carter 14. Kjell Provost 13. Keith Anderson 12. Dongjin Kim 11 Geert 10. Brandon Williams 9. Ian R 8. TC 7. Chris Lewis 6. Derya 5. TaylorWatson 4. KC 3. Ozymandias (already managed to get shipping refunded) 2. Max Metz 1. Rey Espinueva Here is the link to the NDA: <url>"reaping what you sow". 24. Charles-etienne jamme 23. Siqi Damien Liu 22. Daniel Wolpert(added due to request for refund) 21. Jason Bond (added due to request for refund) 20. Casey Allen 19. John 18. Michael Reiter 17. Ikalios 16. kokobin 15. Brian Carter 14. Kjell Provost 13. Keith Anderson 12. Dongjin Kim 11 Geert 10. Brandon Williams 9. Ian R 8. TC 7. Chris Lewis 6. Derya 5. TaylorWatson 4. KC 3. Ozymandias (already managed to get shipping refunded) 2. Max Metz 1. Rey Espinueva @sech About the quality we have come to expect from this joke of a project. I sure am eager to trust *MY* data to a bunch of hack-jobs that can't even get a website to work. /sarcasm <url>"reaping what you sow". 23. Siqi Damien Liu 22. Daniel Wolpert(added due to request for refund) 21. Jason Bond (added due to request for refund) 20. Casey Allen 19. John 18. Michael Reiter 17. Ikalios 16. kokobin 15. Brian Carter 14. Kjell Provost 13. Keith Anderson 12. Dongjin Kim 11 Geert 10. Brandon Williams 9. Ian R 8. TC 7. Chris Lewis 6. Derya 5. TaylorWatson 4. KC 3. Ozymandias (already managed to get shipping refunded) 2. Max Metz 1. Rey Espinueva @CGC When will refunds be sent out for the backers that choose to opt out of this whole 'experience'? @brian They plan on classifying all the people they ship to in June as 'Beta Testers' according to: <url>#comment-9709396 When are you going to deliver Limas to non beta testers? "We'll begin shipping people that are not on the beta list next week." ". . . We then plan to intensify the shipping rate progressively so everyone can get his/her Lima by the end of June." I'm confused. When do you intend to ship out the devices? Next week or by the end of June? @conmengatheringcash > However, the core was developed on Linux, so finishing to develop a first Linux version should be quick and our developers are very eager to work on it. You made the claim that you were almost done with the software 2 years ago, and then decided to 'start over' (or you just lied about the progress in the first place). You have issued a non-ending stream of lies, marketing speak, delays and piles of fermenting horse-shit since then. Why should we believe anything you say without evidence now? Where are our refunds? @ ConmenGatheringCash > @Lorenzo: Sorry. It's hard to find questions in this thread. Perhaps if you issued refunds, there would be fewer people demanding refunds in this thread. That ought to make it easier to respond to questions that are *not* requests for refunds. Where is my refund? I will not be signing an NDA to use a product I purchased. The NDA was not part of the original purchase agreement, and I do not agree to it now. I also do not agree to the removal of features. Again, where is my refund? I sent an email to these adresses. Please do the same to attract more media attention to the subject. Here is the list once again, thanks to Casey Allen! <email> <email> <email> discovermagazine.com/magazine/contact/editorial-contact-form <email> <email> <email> <email> <email> <url>"However, the core was developed on Linux, so finishing to develop a first Linux version should be quick and our developers are very eager to work on it." You mean you have nothing on Linux currently? Then, why I was told six months ago that you have everything working on Linux except the UI. Now you are telling us that you have nothing on Linux? I paid for a product/project(whatever you call that, because the current both is not what we backed for) I don't paid to be beta tester. People actually get paid to be professional beta tester or get perks for volunteering in a beta test, not some NDA and shorten warranty while paying the money. We don't owe you, YOU OWE EVERYONE OF US! REFUND, since this is not what we paid for, REFUND, since Linux is not supported, REFUND, since it's been two years and still in beta, REFUND, since what ever comes from you are lies, REFUND, since many more features you promised were not delivered, REFUND, since I don't pay my money for someone's parties and travels, REFUND, since I wont sign NDA for something I paid for, REFUND, since you owe us! REFUND!!! And REFUND since you are still obligate to follow the consumer laws both in US and EU. I am being respectful and considerate for a very long time, ARE YOU? CGC! And will those who sign the NDA suffer from the reduce hardware warranty that the beta testers have? @CGC When will those of us who won't sign a NDA recieve our Limas? Consolidated List of People Wanting A Lima device Refund --------------------------------------------------- *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* --------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 23. Siqi Damien Liu 22. Daniel Wolpert(added due to request for refund) 21. Jason Bond (added due to request for refund) 20. Casey Allen 19. John 18. Michael Reiter 17. Ikalios 16. kokobin 15. Brian Carter 14. Kjell Provost 13. Keith Anderson 12. Dongjin Kim 11 Geert 10. Brandon Williams 9. Ian R 8. TC 7. Chris Lewis 6. Derya 5. TaylorWatson 4. KC 3. Ozymandias (already managed to get shipping refunded) 2. Max Metz 1. Rey Espinueva This user's account has been deleted. You know, if you are not going to refund us, you should have shipped already then. No, I will not sign your Draconian NDA, I want the product you used MY money to make. This is not a request, this is a demand, I paid for a product, you have my product. If Ebay/Amazon, or any other company that ships through an online entity did this, I would request a refund or to send the item again. This takes "lying" to a whole other level. You stated back when you started this product was pretty much ready, just need the funds to make and then ship as you already had the code done. I know we the backers are beating a dead horse on this, but it is one and a half years since your project completed. And last year we were promised a working unit as well. Severin can make all the moronic excuses he can, but heres the facts, as it stands: -Your "company" lacked communication for the first few months after your campaign finished. -Your "company" has lied, delayed, and scammed Partech Ventures out of money as well -You have now been reported to several officals on the CES board regarding fraud for release date for backers & pre-orders. -More than 15+ online media sources have been emailed by myself and others alike so that your name is clearly associated with gross failure to deliver a product. Feel free to message me, email me, which ever. And explain yourself. My demands as a backer stand as this: -You financial books with where the money WE the backers gave you, went to for this project. -Delivery of product with the beta version NOW without us signing the NDA / OR a refund plus interest for wasting our money, and our time. " continue working on the project to ship you the best product possible. " The best possible product *IS A REFUND*. I contacted them, asked them to do the right thing, and to refund me; this is response I received: "Thanks for your message. We understand it’s frustrating to wait for Lima, yet we’re doing our best to put it in your hands as soon as we can. At this stage, your support is really important since it allowed us to make all the required investments. We’re currently moving from a situation where only a limited number of people could join the program to a situation where we need to have more and more of you joining the beta. As of today, Lima isn’t reliable enough to use without back-up in an everyday use, yet those who are ready to start playing with it while reporting the bugs they encounter are more than welcome. We are now getting ready to adopt a more continuous and regular shipping pace. By the end of the month, we aim at shipping a Lima device every hour. We will send you an update when this starts, and you'll be able to sign up to receive the Lima first, which will still be in Beta. This shipping pace will speed up progressively from then so that everyone gets his Lima by the end of June. Unfortunately we can't refund your pledge now as, as initially planned, funds were used for production and development process. Building a hardware company is very very costly (more costly than you can imagine, and that we could have imagined). We’ve spent far more money than the Kickstarter campaign. It was a deliberate choice to make a Kickstarter campaign with a very low / almost no margin, but that meant we had to go find additional fundings - VCs, and bank loans. We’re solid and will honor shipping and building what we’ve promised, but we can’t financially refund some of you and take the risk to let the rest of you down. Let us know if we can do anything else to reassure you about Lima project development. We are working hard to satisfy all our backers and we will listen carefully to your feedbacks." We clearly have different concepts of what doing the right thing is. I too have been turned off from Kickstarter projects because of this miserable failure. Consolidated List of People Wanting A Lima device Refund --------------------------------------------------- *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* --------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 22. Daniel Wolpert(added due to request for refund) 21. Jason Bond (added due to request for refund) 20. Casey Allen 19. John 18. Michael Reiter 17. Ikalios 16. kokobin 15. Brian Carter 14. Kjell Provost 13. Keith Anderson 12. Dongjin Kim 11 Geert 10. Brandon Williams 9. Ian R 8. TC 7. Chris Lewis 6. Derya 5. TaylorWatson 4. KC 3. Ozymandias (already managed to get shipping refunded) 2. Max Metz 1. Rey Espinueva Please add my name to those demanding a refund. "Funds were already used to produce the Lima devices corresponding to your rewards." No, they were not. You have cut the features that correspond to my reward. That said, I really don't care where you get the money. If you think you have *any* value in your product, you would happily give refunds to backers and sell them at full retail price and make a larger profit. By refusing to do so, you are admitting that you do not believe in the value and marketability of your own product. @CGC, you wasting the money is not our problem. That's your problem and is a result of your poor decision making. You agreed to the Kickstarter terms of use and owe us a refund when you decided to not use the money on the project or product we backed. TLDR: I don't give a flying crap if you spent the money you owe me or not. That's your problem, not mine. Now make with the refund. To CGC As mentioned earlier, we cannot provide refunds at this stage. Funds were already used to produce the Lima devices corresponding to your rewards. - So our money didn't go toward the coding, just producing the hardware, so that is another deviation from your KS project page. We understand your frustration. We understand how huge the delays have been since the first estimated shipping date. - These delays are due to your choice to drop the previous wo years of development But the best and only thing we can do today is continue working on the project to ship you the best product possible. - I notice how that even you have stopped saying the product promised, and it isn't better than before due to changes in how pp works and loss of Linux support. As you know, the technology behind Lima is unique and very challenging to build. We faced some bumps on the road, but we are finally coming to the end. - Again any bumps were caused by your decision to drop previous work and start from scratch Consolidated List of People Wanting A Lima device Refund --------------------------------------------------- *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* --------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 21. Jason Bond (added due to request for refund) 20. Casey Allen 19. John 18. Michael Reiter 17. Ikalios 16. kokobin 15. Brian Carter 14. Kjell Provost 13. Keith Anderson 12. Dongjin Kim 11 Geert 10. Brandon Williams 9. Ian R 8. TC 7. Chris Lewis 6. Derya 5. TaylorWatson 4. KC 3. Ozymandias (already managed to get shipping refunded) 2. Max Metz 1. Rey Espinueva CGC, with out Linux support and adding in need to use an app to access files means you have failed to deliver what was promised originally. You are in breach of contract your pitch is part of your contract with us. Doesn't matter how you try to change the past you can't. You really should put up your old code you said was written which had the functionality to prove it could do what you said it did. I cannot see why changing language for OS programme would impact on original android app Add my name to the refund list... Anyone want to make a side bet that they won't end up taking off with all of our money and give nothing in return? I bet they will...how does it feel, cgc team, to have virtually 99% of all comments be either refund requests or criticisms of your miserable timeline failure? Congratulations on being another key project that has permanently turned people off of crowdfunding...I know I will never, NEVER, participate in crowdfunding again...great job guys. Consolidated List of People Wanting A Lima device Refund --------------------------------------------------- *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* --------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 20. Casey Allen 19. John 18. Michael Reiter 17. Ikalios 16. kokobin 15. Brian Carter 14. Kjell Provost 13. Keith Anderson 12. Dongjin Kim 11 Geert 10. Brandon Williams 9. Ian R 8. TC 7. Chris Lewis 6. Derya 5. TaylorWatson 4. KC 3. Ozymandias (already managed to get shipping refunded) 2. Max Metz 1. Rey Espinueva I like how Severin is twisting people's arms to get the "small people" to post positive crap on twitter... Consolidated List of People Wanting A Lima device Refund --------------------------------------------------- *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* --------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 19. John 18. Michael Reiter 17. Ikalios 16. kokobin 15. Brian Carter 14. Kjell Provost 13. Keith Anderson 12. Dongjin Kim 11 Geert 10. Brandon Williams 9. Ian R 8. TC 7. Chris Lewis 6. Derya 5. TaylorWatson 4. KC 3. Ozymandias (already managed to get shipping refunded) 2. Max Metz 1. Rey Espinueva Consolidated List of People Wanting A Lima device Refund --------------------------------------------------- *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* --------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 18. Michael Reiter 17. Ikalios 16. kokobin 15. Brian Carter 14. Kjell Provost 13. Keith Anderson 12. Dongjin Kim 11 Geert 10. Brandon Williams 9. Ian R 8. TC 7. Chris Lewis 6. Derya 5. TaylorWatson 4. KC 3. Ozymandias (already managed to get shipping refunded) 2. Max Metz 1. Rey Espinueva Consolidated List of People Wanting A Lima device Refund --------------------------------------------------- *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* --------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 17. Ikalios 16. kokobin 15. Brian Carter 14. Kjell Provost 13. Keith Anderson 12. Dongjin Kim 11 Geert 10. Brandon Williams 9. Ian R 8. TC 7. Chris Lewis 6. Derya 5. TaylorWatson 4. KC 3. Ozymandias (already managed to get shipping refunded) 2. Max Metz 1. Rey Espinueva Consolidated List of People Wanting A Lima device Refund --------------------------------------------------- *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* --------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 16. kokobin 15. Brian Carter 14. Kjell Provost 13. Keith Anderson 12. Dongjin Kim 11 Geert 10. Brandon Williams 9. Ian R 8. TC 7. Chris Lewis 6. Derya 5. TaylorWatson 4. KC 3. Ozymandias (already managed to get shipping refunded) 2. Max Metz 1. Rey Espinueva Esperando ansioso mi Lima Consolidated List of People Wanting A Lima device Refund --------------------------------------------------- *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* --------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 15. Brian Carter 14. Kjell Provost 13. Keith Anderson 12. Dongjin Kim 11 Geert 10. Brandon Williams 9. Ian R 8. TC 7. Chris Lewis 6. Derya 5. TaylorWatson 4. KC 3. Ozymandias (already managed to get shipping refunded) 2. Max Metz 1. Rey Espinueva Consolidated List of People Wanting A Lima device Refund --------------------------------------------------- *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* --------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 14. Kjell Provost 13. Keith Anderson 12. Dongjin Kim 11 Geert 10. Brandon Williams 9. Ian R 8. TC 7. Chris Lewis 6. Derya 5. TaylorWatson 4. KC 3. Ozymandias (already managed to get shipping refunded) 2. Max Metz 1. Rey Espinueva Consolidated List of People Wanting A Lima device Refund --------------------------------------------------- *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* --------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 13. Keith Anderson 12. Dongjin Kim 11 Geert 10. Brandon Williams 9. Ian R 8. TC 7. Chris Lewis 6. Derya 5. TaylorWatson 4. KC 3. Ozymandias (already managed to get shipping refunded) 2. Max Metz 1. Rey Espinueva @Peter sadly this is what CGC intended to. Consolidated List of People Wanting A Lima device Refund --------------------------------------------------- *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* --------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 12. Dongjin Kim 11 Geert 10. Brandon Williams 9. Ian R 8. TC 7. Chris Lewis 6. Derya 5. TaylorWatson 4. KC 3. Ozymandias (already managed to get shipping refunded) 2. Max Metz 1. Rey Espinueva Funny how most of the people posting are asking for refunds. The "small people" add up in a hurry, don't they Severin? Consolidated List of People Wanting A Lima device Refund --------------------------------------------------- *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* --------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 11 Geert 10. Brandon Williams 9. Ian R 8. TC 7. Chris Lewis 6. Derya 5. TaylorWatson 4. KC 3. Ozymandias (already managed to get shipping refunded) 2. Max Metz 1. Rey Espinueva Consolidated List of People Wanting A Lima device Refund --------------------------------------------------- *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* --------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 10. Brandon Williams 9. Ian R 8. TC 7. Chris Lewis 6. Derya 5. TaylorWatson 4. KC 3. Ozymandias (already managed to get shipping refunded) 2. Max Metz 1. Rey Espinueva Consolidated List of People Wanting A Lima device Refund --------------------------------------------------- *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* --------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 9. Ian R 8. TC 7. Chris Lewis 6. Derya 5. TaylorWatson 4. KC 3. Ozymandias (already managed to get shipping refunded) 2. Max Metz 1. Rey Espinueva Consolidated List of People Wanting A Lima device Refund --------------------------------------------------- *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* --------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 8. TC 7. Chris Lewis 6. Derya 5. TaylorWatson 4. KC 3. Ozymandias (already managed to get shipping refunded) 2. Max Metz 1. Rey Espinueva Consolidated List of People Wanting A Lima device Refund --------------------------------------------------- *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* --------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 7. Chris Lewis 6. Derya 5. TaylorWatson 4. KC 3. Ozymandias (already managed to get shipping refunded) 2. Max Metz 1. Rey Espinueva Too little too late. This product will be obsolete by the time it arrives. You've got til July then I want a refund as well Consolidated List of People Wanting A Lima device Refund --------------------------------------------------- *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* --------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 6. Derya 5. TaylorWatson 4. KC 3. Ozymandias (already managed to get shipping refunded) 2. Max Metz 1. Rey Espinueva Consolidated List of People Wanting A Lima device Refund --------------------------------------------------- *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* --------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 5. TaylorWatson 4. KC 3. Ozymandias (already managed to get shipping refunded) 2. Max Metz 1. Rey Espinueva Consolidated List of People Wanting A Lima device Refund --------------------------------------------------- *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* --------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 4. KC 3. Ozymandias (already managed to get shipping refunded) 2. Max Metz 1. Rey Espinueva Consolidated List of People Wanting A Lima device Refund --------------------------------------------------- *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* --------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 3. Ozymandias (already managed to get shipping refunded) 2. Max Metz 1. Rey Espinueva I, too, want a refund. This is a case of over-promising and under-delivering. By the time they finally come out with their product, it will outdated and obsolete. Refund now, please. Consolidated List of People Wanting A Lima device Refund --------------------------------------------------- *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* --------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 2. Max Metz 1. Rey Espinueva Consolidated List of People Wanting A Lima device Refund --------------------------------------------------- *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* --------------------------------------------------- Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from CGC Team ie. Severin Marcombes (CEO) and Gawen Arab-Laffon (CTO). These requests have been easy to miss, because there are thousands of comments. Also, whenever someone Googles this product, or its originators, this list appears in the search results. A case of "reaping what you sow". 2. 1. Rey Espinueva Hello, Just so that there is a public record of my refund request. Please give me a refund. I have also sent a message through the backer message option. I understand that things may not have worked out as you had intended but you must also understand that your end of the bargain was not upheld. So I respectfully ask for a refund. Thank you. In July of 2013, you said: "We’ve been working on Lima for over 2 years now. The hardware device you’ve seen on the video is ready for production. ... On the software side, we are in the process of transforming our prototype code into production code. It means running extensive tests on our software, and finishing up our user interface to make sure Lima is stable, beautiful and easy to use. We estimate everything to be ready in six months, which should match the time when we receive our first devices from China. " And I gave you money. Then you said, and I'm paraphrasing here, "Ooops, we screwed up and can't do the things we said in the time we said it. In fact, we're going to start from scratch with our software. We'll deliver soon, promise!" And we said "What? Okay, you've got our money, make this happen." You said, again, paraphrasing, "Haha, you though you hated us before? We've got your money and never plan on delivering what we promised! We're still not telling you when we're going to deliver this steaming pile of turd crammed into a tiny plastic box. Oh, and did we mention we're reinventing the filesystem? Screw Microsoft and Apple! Don't ask us for updates, we'll simply promise them on a regular schedule and fail to deliver on that too." We said "Give us back our money, crooks!" to which you responded "What money? We invested it!" It's a shame that you never listen to the people who funded you. Your mothers must be so disappointed. Gave the people of the list I posted a very large and well worded information regarding the conmen that CGC are proving to be. Especially since 1 of those emails is CES admin. Hopefully our emails can get through and be read entirely and some light can be shed on this. Thank you Casey Allen! So PEOPLE! It is time to start our own campaign. I will prepare an email and send it to all these adresses that Casey listed, starting from tomorrow. I am kindly asking you to do the same. Thank you Casey Allen! So PEOPLE! It is time to start our own campaign. I will prepare an email and send it to all these adresses that Casey listed, starting from tomorrow. I am kindly asking you to do the same. You are soooooooo late !! I wont back any kickstarter project anymore because of guys like you that promise and lie. Since the product isn't even what you told us it would be 2 years ago, the "lima" you are making (should have thought about the "plug" name history) isn't even what you sold us. Since the product you are making isn't the same as you promised us and since you created valid and strong doubt about your capacity to deliver, please refund us and try again in any way you want. @Timo: BTSync changed their model with the 2.0 update. They implemented folder limits and a subscription fee, as well as removing things like 2-way sync to mobile devices. It was really a kick in the nuts to those of us who had been using it since the beginning. Try Syncthing instead. It's a FOSS version of BTSync. <url>"Small-people", as Ozy heard your head Napoleon say, are not happy with the way your treating us. We are not your friends, we are not your family, we are however, Backers, in which we are entitled to getting our product on time. This is a fair warning, kid gloves coming off. Time to start sending emails to each blog/magazine editors, word needs to get out that CGC is a scamming, back-dooring, poorly managed company. (for lack of a better word) All their emails will be posted soon by myself and then we, as backers can tell them how CGC has taken their sweet time over, and over again for the last 1 and a half years. Not much substantive in that update! Get to work on getting this out and fixed, please! Or, REFUND, REFUND, REFUND! Great progress! A shining example of why half the world hate the french @Johnny oh, I know. It's just one more piece of info for everyone to know about this con. @ozy Crooks use burner numbers. Pretty obvious. Refund! NOW!! @Rick Hill According to the update, they are striving for the amazingly low goal of shipping 1 box/hour! No, seriously. 24 boxes a day. Pretty sure a paraplegic monkey could ship faster than that. If this thing actually is going to ship, why not ship it out to ALL backers, who can ALL help beta test, instead of this never-ending roll out? If this end of June deadline gets pushed back yet again, I'll be furious. I know I'm preaching to the choir but come on, 2 years? This is the reason I'm hesitant to back any Kickstarter now, now a good first experience. So I tried to call Severin back at the number he called me from. It appears to be disconnected.... It's hard to say because the automated answer was in French... Stay classy ConmenGatheringCash! "By the end of the month, we aim at shipping a Lima device every hour. " So in 2 years, they might ship a device to every one of the 12840 backers? @lorenzo you will get a broken device (they claim that they are shipping in mid april), but the software won't be ready until at least September -- they are not even beta testing Linux, and have several times commented that they are dropping many features from the device. Given that they are dropping android support, dropping Linux support might not be unreasonable. Die in a fire. I would like a refund. I'm hoping that I won't have to follow KC's procedure (<url>#comment-8010409), but enough is enough. I won't repeat the litany against this project here. I'll save it for the credit card company. The one thing I hope I have going for me is an email from last year giving me a deadline that has now (what else?) passed. Another month another pile of fetid bovine feces... The software doesn't work for about half the use cases and where it does work it doesn't perform sufficiently to be released. But everybody's going to have their Lima by July or is that maybe only all the beta testers - clarification please? And July of which year? And is that a production unit or beta?1 Unbelievable, looks like all the reasons for getting this in the first place are still on their TO DO list, what does it actually do right now?? @ Creator Just wanted to say Hi. Scaling, speeding up,... sounds extremely exiting. We all with you and will be passionately wait for you to succeed. Do not listen anybody that product already outdated or will never be shipped. We all know that 2 years is not the term for this BIG project. Just keep posting updates. Share your experience of being successful entrepreneur. It's in trend. People love it. And of cause go to the shows and let everybody know about you. As you'll need their support when moneys gone and you'll need to post similar project on Indogogo (is not yet done.) So, no rush, have fun. REFUND NOW This user's account has been deleted. This project is a bad joke. Never ending beta program. Guys, you should be ashamed and stop sending silly ridiculous "updates" get the money back and save some respect, if any left at all. Clowns. Irrelevant. Who cares anymore? Fanboys may claim that Kickstarter backers should expect delays, but 2 years? Really? What a complete and utter fail. If any of us were this bad in our own jobs then we wouldn't last 3 months, let alone 2 years! Be glad you're not working in the real world CGC. +1 for Refund.... getting mails about the neverending Beta, reading about the NDA, shortened warranty for Testers but principally waiting for my device for month or even "years" now.... This is the worst, a kickstarter can get. Even cancelled projects wouldn´t be as annoying as this! this looks viable: <url>"mid-April". Anyone *NOT* a beta tester get their Lima or refunds yet? "We can't offer refunds to backers." That's 100% a flat out lie. Not only did they offer me a refund (for shipping that never occurred), despite it taking a week, I eventually did receive the funds. They can, and *have* refunded backers in the past. To say they cannot is a flat out lie, just like their promise of an update last week. @CGC With your draconian NDA, how can we trust what your beta testers say? Please publicly state that you are lifting the NDA, and they are free to speak openly and honestly about your product here. Even with the NDA, the few testers that have commented have not had much positive to say. It will be nice to get an unbiased review. Joining in on the many futile calls for a refund. Ok then does anybody have contacts with popular IT media? Blogs, websites, etc. We should cry out loud what kind of a product is Lima, what kind of a company is CGC and what kind of a person is Severin. @Guilherme: Kickstarter terms and conditions sidestep the consumer protection laws that govern pre-orders. They need not deliver anything to us nor refund us. For retail pre-orders they must deliver, refund or face criminal prosecution. The only course for backers is civil litigation and KS has made that pretty difficult. No winners to date. It's the KS way and the reason it is a nest of fraudsters that I hope everyone knows to avoid in the future. @Creator -Can you please publicly state here that you allow your beta testers to report their experiences in full and without restraint on these forums? In other words, can you release them from your NDA to speak freely about their experience with Lima? No? I thought not, so stop lying. REFUND REFUND REFUND REFUND!!!!!!!!!!!!!! as they stated on their email "Sorry for the misunderstanding, but the Lima's website FAQ you quoted refers to pre-orders done on our website after the end of the Kickstarter campaign. Our policy didn't change concerning Kickstarter pledges. We can't offer refunds to backers." They are issuing refunds to pre-orders.. but they can't refund us... so I don't see a point on backing projects at kickstarter when the pre-order have many more advantages (I know it would take longer to get, but at least there is a better guarantee). If they had any confidence in their product at all, they would happily issue refunds to the backers and sell the units as preorders. They refuse to put their money where their mouths are, though. I feel terrible that people are irate at these poor shysters... They are afraid of making updates -- all it does is stir up the irate customers demanding refunds. No update today or this week...same old story 7 days ago "We’re almost there, and we’ll provide you with more info on the beta tests and shipping next week." Refund @Olivier "What i meant is that by backing on Kickstarter, there is no guarantee you would ever get anything at all..." That is just KS marketing bullshit. The law is very clear that this platform is a pre-sales product delivery platform and the project creators are obligated by law to deliver what your "reward" for which you exchanged money. Olivier, I get that. Had they stuck to the plan, and failed, I would be fine with not getting anything. I accepted the risks of the project I backed failing. I did *NOT* accept the risks of a completely new start up failing, which is what happened after they miss-used the money. @ozymandias I understand your point :) What i meant is that by backing on Kickstarter, there is no guarantee you would ever get anything at all... @ Olivier As Ozy claimed. And no, the opensource link you shared is not open. CGC is neither a hardware nor a software company. They just claim whatever suite them best, but they are none but just a bunch of AH that manipulate people. See this is the reason why we are all in this ship, (<url>"what is the number of "some of you" versus "the rest of you"." On the phone Severin confirmed that there are not enough pre-sales to cover all the requested refunds, which means the majority of pre-orders and backers have requested a refund at some point, or he is afraid they will once word gets out that refunds are being offered. Hi there, I would say the fact that Lima refuse to refund is kinda fair, we did know backing this project that we might never ended up with anything in hand, at least the beta is going on and some of us can test. There was many projects for which nothing was even delivered... and we agree blindly to the Terms & Conditions :D That said, looks to me like Lima has taken Kickstarter as a startup fund? And had further funding round(s)... why not but i'd like to have some shares then! :) Why did i sign the NDA for the beta? I wished this project would be more open... can anyone even acces this page: <url>"we can’t financially refund some of you and take the risk to let the rest of you down." what is the number of "some of you" versus "the rest of you". I'm sure not let down if they would refund me! REFUND!!! WOW... I've requested a refund, I received the worst answer ever.. They WILL NOT process the request... CGC team really sucks! ---- Thanks for your message. We understand it’s frustrating to wait for Lima, yet we’re doing our best to put it in your hands as soon as we can. At this stage, your support is really important since it allowed us to make all the required investments. We've been making progress in stabilizing Lima through our beta tests and are progressively adding more backers. We will double the size of the beta testers’ community this month. Once we have more visibility on Windows, we will let you know how April will be organized and how we'll keep welcoming more and more backers. We understand many of you want to take advantage of the features that Lima offers so we will be shipping the Pioneer Kit to all backers. Once we are sure that Lima is stable enough to handle all of your files we will push an update that will include Lima's Unification technology. Unfortunately we can't refund your pledge now as, as initially planned, funds were used for production and development process. Building a hardware company is very very costly (more costly than you can imagine, and that we could have imagined). We’ve spent far more money than the Kickstarter campaign. It was a deliberate choice to make a Kickstarter campaign with a very low / almost no margin, but that meant we had to go find additional fundings - VCs, and bank loans. We’re solid and will honor shipping and building what we’ve promised, but we can’t financially refund some of you and take the risk to let the rest of you down. Let us know if we can do anything else to reassure you about Lima project development. We are working hard to satisfy all our backers and we will listen carefully to your feedbacks. Best, Christophe for the Lima Team No update I'm assuming you've stuck to your word and started shipping devices 2 days ago? @ozy he spent your $10 on tooling and manufacturing and that also paid for part of his time talking to you on the phone. Lol... Try disputing it on your cc. Refund Please 2 years late *everything* is late with this project. It's been a week since the CEO agreed to my shipping refund (set up a phone call if you want to try the same), and he still can't be bothered to follow through. Update is late (again)! Refund please! Any dates for *REFUNDS*? Time for an update! Both in general ( where are our refunds for this Kickstarter failure), and me in particular (where is the $10 you agreed to refund last week?). I'd also like to see an apology for why refunds are taking so long, and actual explanation for *why* you are delaying our refunds so long. At this point, it's not even an issue of why you think you don't owe refunds, since you admitted on our phone call that the issue is that you think you simply can't meet the demands of all the backers asking for refunds. Since you have not actually produced anything, where has the money gone? update? Any dates of shipping? Time for update! Why there is no update? It has been more than a month. You are late two years. Show some respect. You can at least give an update on time Derya, at this stage in the project, they have spent the money (see Severin's twitter feed "Lifestyles of the Rich and Unscrupulous" for details) Hey People! There are nearly 13.000 backers. There must be some lawyers among us. Please take this case to the court! Looks like a lot of us "small people" are waiting for our refunds, ConmenGatheringCash. Mind taking 30 minutes out of your busy day spending our money to post an update regarding when you will be issuing refunds? @Marcus Nope. You might receive *A* Lima, but ConmenGatheringCash have made it very, very clear that they have no intentions of actually providing the features we all backed, and they are making no real effort to deliver until September, anyway. will we ever receive our Limas? @ Thomaskl, You were under that impression because that is what they repeatedly, and clearly stated. As for 'on your own drive', drop box does that too -- in addition to providing space on their drives to *ALSO* store it. Lima has repeatedly refused to submit their code to an independent auditor, so we might as well assume they are snooping through your data, regardless of location. If they had nothing to hide, they would be as open about this project as they originally claimed they would be. Something changed along the way. Thanks ozymandias, for the explanation. Still one very important difference for my is that the data is on my own hdd. BUT you are right when i backed the project i were under the impression that cgc is writing there own filesystem driver which at the moment is not the case for android and might even be only possible with a rooted device. Refund. Can I please get my money back. This is ridiculous, I know I'm not alone when I say this refund me my money. REFUND PLEASE, I'm tired of waiting! Fmotta -- I actually got Severin to agree to a refund of my shipping last Friday. It's not a full refund, but it's a step in the right direction. Of course, he hasn't bothered to actually follow through and *process* the refund yet, but I actually have it in writing from him that he agreed to do it. Now to work on actually *getting* the refund... and then the rest of the money... But it's worth a shot. It's been a while... REFUND NOW! Thomaskl, On mobile devices, Dropbox requires you to use the Dropbox application to access the files on Dropbox, which you can then open with other applications (sometimes, only if they allow that sort of thing). On mobile devices, Lima requires you to use the Lima application to access the files on Lima, which you can then open with other applications (sometimes, only if they allow that sort of thing). This directly contrasts with the description that Lima sold us on the project page: > "Okay. So what's the difference with DropBox? > Dropbox, in many ways, can be considered as a virtual USB key : it's like a small pen drive you copy your files into to move or edit them on other devices." Exactly like Lima works on a mobile device, now. > "On the downside Dropbox is more expensive than a USB key, slower, and not your property because you have to rent it every month." So you don't rent Lima 'every month', but I have been using the free Dropbox for years. > "Like a USB key, DropBox is yet-another-memory. You need to manually copy your files into it, and it has a limit of size." Again, exactly like Lima. > "Lima is not yet-another-memory. " No longer true, since it works exactly like Dropbox does to the end user. > "While DropBox tries to be a better version of our USB keys, Lima tries to correct the problem that forced us to use USB Keys in the first place." Not true anymore. > "We replace the memories of your devices by Lima, so all your devices can have exactly the same contents at all times." Not true either, since you need the special app to access your files. > "There's no dedicated folder where you have to move your files into" No, it's a dedicated APPLICATION, which is *WORSE*. > "It's cheaper: Lima is not a service. You pay once, it's yours. " Dropbox has a free version. So does Drive, SkyDrive, Box.net, etc, so this is not currently true, nor ever was true. > "Go running and listen to your entire music library on your iPhone" Assuming you don't mind using the Lima software as a music player, since you can't just force iTunes to use the Lima application to access your entire collection seamlessly. > "On your smartphone and your tablet, the Lima app will enable you to browse all of your files from everywhere." Only if by 'anywhere' they mean 'with a special custom app'.... > "You’ll be able to display all of your pictures and videos, to open documents, and to listen to your entire music library. Everything will be there. " Just like on Dropbox -- only if you use the custom, special app, and don't want to use your existing applications. > "Everything is in Lima, and the Lima app makes synchronization invisible to you." Nope, not any more.... > "This hard drive or folder is yet-another-memory, a separate place where you have to copy, move, your files into. So at the end of the day, if you use these solutions you still have to constantly manage and figure out where is your data." That is what they originally said Lima was *DIFFERENT* from. Now? That's exactly how Lima works. > "Lima is not a folder like Dropbox or a hard-drive like a NAS. Lima is designed to replace the memory of your devices by itself, so that all your devices will have exactly the same memory, and (by extension) the same content. So it’s like if your PC, your Mac, your smartphone and tablet had all exactly the same “hard-drive”. Lima will bring more space to your devices. You won't feel any changes. You don't need to move your files in another location: just let them where they already are, in your "My Documents", "My Pictures", "My Videos", "My Desktop" folders." Again, not anymore. i am not a dropbox user and thus can't compare the two concepts. i thought dropbox is all in the cloud. The feature that brought me to plug/lima was the possibility to have an easy way of backup with two harddrives, right now i cant tell if that will be possible because i only got one of my two lima. Actually i am still undecided if lima is a brillantly played scam or if cgc just badly overestimated themselfs at the beginning (and along the way), although after receiving a lima and really testing it, i tend to the second option. "I suppose something similar is the case for android because right now i cant access files within lima from another app." No, they decided that they wanted to change the project/product, because delivering that was 'too hard'. They now say that you will access Lima exactly like you do DropBox, and Lima is yet-another-usb-drive for mobile devices. In short, they don't ever intend to deliver the features we backed. @KC i just retried streaming audio and copying files. Lima is at home behind my router, Laptop is at work behind a firewall, android is on 3G. Streaming music and tranfering a file from laptop to android worked fine. Streaming a video worked in principle but my internet upload connection at home is quite slow. I am also able to open all pictures now. I suppose that syncing hadn't finished when i tried yesterday. About changing the drive letter i dont know but this separat drive is as far as i know only valid for the beta phase. The end software is supposed to manage all files. I suppose something similar is the case for android because right now i cant access files within lima from another app. But within the app i can select files to be opened by another programm. E.g. i put a certificate (crt) file into the lima folder of my pc and when i touched it within the lima app on the android it has been installed successfully within android. @edward I think they might be more devious than that. They said "Starting mid-April: gradual shipping to all backers"... It's far more likely that they are going to ship out a batch of units, and claim that the gradual shipping has started... Even though they just shipped 12 units to beta testers (or no one can confirm they shipped at all). There is no need to delay, when it's so easy for them to just lie to us 'small people', as Severin insultingly calls us. Well its mid-April and its safe to say Lima is going to come up with some other stupid excuse not to ship. I feel ripped off and lied to. What a joke this project has been. @Thomaskl Thanks for posting. I assume all your tests were done behind a firewall, yes? Can you repeat them with WiFi off on the Android and see how things sync and stream? Also, is it possible to change the Lima folder drive letter from "L:" to something else? L can be in use on many systems. Thanks! Since Severin/ConmenGatheringCash/Lima is again refusing to respond to me on twitter or email, I am reposting my latest email here, just to publicly document how petty these guys are. They can't even refund $10 in supposedly un-spent shipping fees: Hey Severin, I know you are used to ignoring deadlines (even self imposed ones) and telling backers to go screw themselves, but you agreed to refund my shipping on Friday. I know I didn't get you to agree to a timeline for refunding it, as I assumed "immediately" was understood. That's my fault. Now, please take the time to refund me my money. I know you are busy pretending to be busy, and I know the backer money won't spend itself, but seriously, it won't take long to tell one of your staff to file the refund. @Thomaskl "did it wrong"? How can you do it wrong? Lima claims that you can open any file with any app, and it will automatically be synced. There is no "doing it wrong" according to them. Sounds like they don't even have the basics working yet... Despite that feature supposedly working 2+ years ago... Makes you wonder why they refuse to prove they had working code back when the project launched? Anyway, all of us other "small people" thank you for taking time out of your "small person" day to update us, since Severin and company are too busy spending our "small person" cash to bother with us... @Charles -- on Friday he promised to refund my *shipping*, but has not followed through with his word. He refused to refund the money I used to back the project, as he claimed that there was not enough money left to do so, and he cannot count on pre-sales to recoup the kickstarter refunds. I am not going away until I get my refunds -- both of them. Hi there.. how are you? Refund NOW!! So, that was easy. Installation worked out of the box. Plug in Lima (internet, power, hdd) Install windows app Install android app. And thats it. Now i have a lima folder on my windows machine and the lima app on my android. The smartphone started to upload the camera pictures to the lima, thus i could more or less instantly see a list of all the pictures of my smartphone on my laptop. Same is true for the other direction audio files i put into the lima folder instantly (within seconds) appeared on the android device. So far opening (streaming) the music files worked seamlessly. Opening the pictures worked sometimes and sometimes not, or took sometime. Streaming video i havent tested. My first (very short) test to create a simple textfile on the pc side and edit it on the android side, save and reopen on pc, didn't work but maybe i did something wrong. All in all the look and feel of the software is quite nice, on windows it is only visible as a regular drive (L:) and the android app has a modern gui. I am aware that the gui part is the easy but nonetheless time consuming part in the lima development and it is nice to see that it has been done. In short my first hour with lima was much better than expected and i am looking forward to test some more. @Adam, the idea (distilled from much raw bullshit) is that you stream back to your device content from the lima HDD. So yes, your Lima HDD needs to be bigger than the device(s) you are looking to Lima your content to. In your scenario, if you have 300GB of user data Lima will be unable to sync that back to a 100GB Lima HDD. I don't know what they have in mind for error handling there, but I suspect that would be the least of your worries if you allowed their code to arbitrate your filesystem. @ozymandias Don't leave us !! - Isn't it more rewarding to harass him for unethical immoral deceptive behavior? I am sure Severin wants you to go away.... Just as soon as he find new funders with money to pay for refunding your money They claim different things, depending on who asks. I dont think I'm understanding their "full syncing experience" they talk about. Say i have a 300 gb hard drive in my computer and only a 100 gb external plugged into the lima? how is it that it could "sync" all my files onto another computer? Wouldn't the dropbox functionality be better? @ConmenGatheringCash Severin agreed to refund my shipping on Friday morning. Why has this not been completed in a timely manner? I'm with sinnyc -- the quality of the software doesn't even match what they claimed to have had 2 years ago. It's also fishy that Severin stated that they cannot provide any evidence regarding the state of the project at the time of the project launch. Either they violate all sorts of industry standards and best practices, and do not use any sort of code repository, or they were flat out lying. Since they have been repeatedly caught lying, and grass-rooting, I think it's more likely that they did not have any product 2 years ago. I mean no offense to the beta testers and the info they've recently posted here, but the hardware was the (relatively) easy part. As they stated in the campaign pitch, they based it on an off-the-shelf product: "To reduce manufacturing risks, the Lima device hardware is based on the Wanser-R, a commodity device produced by MRT Communications. We've partnered with MRT to change some components of the Wanser-R, so it meets Lima's performance requirements. The firmware, which gives its main functions to the device, is fully reprogrammed." It's the software that has been the problem - from day 1 of the campaign on. To hear that we're still at the same point with the software that we were in at the beginning of the campaign - that it "needs work" - is, as far as I am concerned, proof that this entire "project" has been fraudulent from the beginning. Here is another quote from the campaign page: "On the software side, we’re glad to say that we overcomed the most critical technical challenges brought by our app. After 2 years of research and development, we have already built a prototype of our application on Mac, Windows and Linux. We are currently in the process of optimizing our application code to transform it into production-grade software. And we are confident we can do it during the next six months." So, in the 2 years prior to the Kickstarter launch, they claim they had built a working prototype of the entire system. Since the close of the campaign, not only has there been no discernable progress, it actually appears that the software is not even at the level they claimed it was in during the campaign. REFUND NOW!!! @Thomaskl How is the software for Linux or android? Hi, i received one lima device last week while on holidays. I will try to set it up today, there is a new software version we are supposed to test. So far i can tell you the hardware looks nice. Hi there! Refund NOW!!! =) "Give it a bit more time people, it'll be awesome when it gets full release (which should be real soon)" It's only 'soon' relative to the huge delays and stalling we have already had on this project. September is still 5+ more months away, and even *then*, they have no plans to be feature complete. We are at least a half year from the full release. That's only 'soon' compared to the 2.25 YEARS they have already delayed. @Kane, They sound like they don't even have the software to the point it was at 2+ years ago, when they made the Kickstarter project. They claimed to have the software better than that. It's interesting to see how less-than-stellar the reports from the Beta testers are. This is what they are saying *DESPITE* the NDA. I wonder what they would actually be saying if they didn't have a threat of a lawsuit hanging over them. @ Ian, what was the bit rate of the video? What video player did you use? Did you have to use the Lima app on android to load the video, or was it native to the player? Regarding refunds: You need to talk to Severin Marcomes to set up refunds. He promised me a refund (just for shipping, he said that's all he can refund, as the company would go bankrupt if he tried to refund the rest) on Friday... Still have not seen a single penny, though. Really seemed like he was just trying to get me off the phone at that point. He seemed tired of dealing with one of the "small people", as he called us. "All I can say is that my Lima works!" Thanks to that draconian NDA, I bet that *IS* all you can say, whether it works, or not. @Kane Thanks for posting what you could, but your description of where the product is at sound at odds with the "little left to do to give (us) a flawless experience." It would be nice to get a feature-by-feature review from beta testers, but CGC isn't going to allow that. I'm beta testing and shall try to answer some questions. First of all I'm running windows 7 64 bit and Android 4.4 as my software drivers for testing. These are used with a decent mid to high spec laptop and a galaxy S5 so my hardware isn't lacking. Now, the Lima device is solidly built, with no risk of accidently removing the casing. The product is presented well and they've taken notes from Apple and Google in terms of an unboxing experience. Simple, yet informative. Software. Obviously, needs work. There's simple features that need implementing and some polishing up of others but so far it works as it should. Basically, I know it sucks waiting but please be patient. I've been stressing at these lot to just get my beta working before I left to go on holiday! (Arrived at an inconvenient time). It works and has little left to do to give you a flawless experience. I agree that maybe they should send you the product out now and run test software if that's what you want but maybe it doesn't work due to a bug that's not been picked up yet and you get pissy for it not working like a final product? Give it a bit more time people, it'll be awesome when it gets full release (which should be real soon) Refund is not possible as the money has been spent on manufacturing. But where are the products? If all money is spent already, how can more be manufactured? @Alexander, they will not give you one. so anyone have an idea what the process is for getting a refund? I would also like a refund having been waiting over a year for this! I've been waiting a long time; I want a refund. Who do I contact? I'm no longer interested in waiting. If you cannot provide a contact to collect my refund I will contact my credit card company directly and have the charges reversed for fraud and failure to deliver the product per the credit card agreement. Thanks! @Michael, GTFO When will starts the shipping? I'm still waiting for more than a year... :( I WANT MY LIMA! Yes they did ask us beta testers to make a comment, which I would hope if I wasn't part of beta, others would do. The hardware seems perfect guys the software leaves a bit to be desired at the moment. It's rough going through beta key process and beta iOS app invitations. But what is to be expected the beta software? The hardware is not in beta at all. It's final stage hardware. Let me build you the perfect pc and not give you an operating system. That's what it would be like if they gave everyone their rewards right now. We as the beta testers are going through the heartaches of the software as the bugs get ironed out. I am a backer as everyone else believe me we have all waited a long time. I do have other projects I packed that I am waiting even longer for. Such as the agent smart watch. I did not lose hope in that project and please do not lose hope on this one. It's very legit. Just taking years to get right. They definitely sent an email, this project hasn't ever seen 4 beta testers total post here and certainly not 4 in one day. Here's hoping they have something to say. Hi I'm a London "beta" tester. I Have a Purple Lima currently non functional :-), but when I got it It worked and recognised the 1TB I attached to it, and allowed me to play a movie at work on my android that was connected to my lima at home! (Then I screwed the software lol) I'm willing to listen to comment from most people (excluding Jeramie D$&K Johnson) Just want to let everyone know that I am currently beta testing. I am a user in the US. It's been a long road but things are moving forward for a final release soon. All I can say is that my Lima works! I for one would like to hear honest opinions from the Beta testers -- but since the NDA they had to sign prevents that, I take everything they say with a grain of salt. Please don't attack them too much -- they are the *ONLY* source of information we have, because the project creators are not telling us *ANYTHING WORTH WHILE*. @Michael Karbowiak Know your roll and shut your mouth. That goes for all you d$&k riding beta testers @Michael Karbowiak This "project" is well over a year late and there is no indication it will be shipping any time soon - or ever. We were told by the "creators" that they had a functional, proof of concept device and that this campaign was about fine tuning the software and ramping up production which required a MOQ of 1,000 units. What we appear to have backed, in fact, was some sort of vague idea. This product was nowhere near ready for mass production during the campaign, it isn't ready now, and I don't expect it ever will be. Premise = false. Timeline = missed. Project objectives = changed and changing. We have been defrauded, plain and simple. Believe me when I tell you that not one of us gives even half a crap whether you think we should "chill the fuck out" or not. If you don't like the tone and tenor of the comments here, GTFO. Oh yeah...REFUND NOW! Did Severin send an email out to the 'small people', asking them to come post here? We have seen far more sycophants today than in a long, long time. @michael I'm asking for a refund because the money I gave to a project was not used for the project I backed, and the product I was supposed to get as a reward for that is not the product I wanted, and is drastically different in the features that wanted. How well does it work running an application off it in Linux? What about on android? How well does VLC stream a video off Lima onto Android (without loading the file with the Lima app, first)? To those of you screaming for blood, refunds and whatnot. If you really want a refund because you don't have a need for the Lima anymore, then that's cool. But if you're just doing it for the sake of internet rampage, just stop. Myself and my others are busy testing their software in every aspect, trying to break it in rather spectacular ways (Apparently, it _REALLY_ doesn't like if you try and run an application that is located on the Lima drive for example in Windows :D) Anyway, point is, just chill the fuck out! ;) @ozymandias sometimes, when i see that some injustice happens around me, i remember this project and "yell".. Refund! NOW!! @nicholas if you manage to get Severin on the phone, he may give you the same deal as he gave me: He promised to send me a refund for my shipping... That said, I still have not seen a single penny of it, and it's been several hours to process what should be a simple request (that I have been making since November, at least). Refund!! NOW!! @penelope: Let me put it another way: he can repeat "the project and product didn't change" as many times as he would like, but it's no more true than me repeating "I'm the queen of France". Repetition doesn't make something true, it just makes the speaker more despicable for repeatedly lying after being called out on something. @John C : how was the Linux support? Oh wait, that is non-existent. What file system did it replace the existing ones on your Windows and Apple devices? How are you supposed to beta test if they won't let you install it on your mobile device? What mobile device do you have, by the way? I know you said you copied a 'huge' mp3 (how big is 'huge' for MP3, to you?) how did it handle high bitrate files, such as a bluray rip? As for this not being vapor, Lima has refused to provide any evidence that it was not vapor. What you are beta testing is an entirely new device and the result of an entirely new project, not the one we backed. > so I heard what you were asking and what he answered. I can’t remember him saying “small people” or “small backers”. I "I can't force small people to come to kickstarter or twitter to post their experiences". That was his excuse for why there was *NO* positive feedback from backers in either location that were not hand selected beta testers. > What he did repeat over and over again, was that the project didn’t change. Which is a lie, since anyone can read the description and see that it very clearly did, based on the latest comments and updates from Lima. > I hope you’ve understood that our whole team remains fully dedicated to bringing you the best device possible, Which is beside the point -- I don't care about the 'best device possible', I care about the project and product I backed. If I am not going to get what I backed, I would like a refund. It's really that simple. Millions of other businesses do that every day. > and that we’re all working very hard to achieve this. We’re almost there, and we’ll provide you with more info on the beta tests and shipping next week. You are working hard at something, I will grant you that, but since the CEO confirmed that you are cutting the very features I used to decide to back, it's pointless. Even more important, even if you *DID* deliver a PRODUCT that is 100% compatible with the project description, I did not back a product. I backed a last-mile manufacturing PROJECT, as clearly stated on the kickstarter page. I still don't see my refund that he agreed to send. Please ask him to show *some* concern for ethics and get on that. It's not a long process to refund money. Note this is my real name and real picture, too! I pride myself on not having to hide behind an icon and a pseudonym for a name. Started my beta test last night. Yes, it was an inordinately long time to wait and I trust the Lima folks are learning to not promise before they're ready to deliver. That said, I have my device and it appears to work well after (so far) very little testing of different scenarios. It has copied a huge MP3 successfully and I can launch that on multiple devices as expected. The installation experience was better thought out than the vast majority of products, tech or not. The Lima device appears to be good quality and it hooked up as expected, installed as expected, and recognized both the network it was on and the attached external 4TB G-Tech drive almost immediately. The software installed on my Windows 8.1 machine and on my desktop iMac without error. I don't have the invite to try it on my phone yet, but that's ready. All in all, I know a lot of people are frustrated, and I've experienced some other Kickstarter vapor, but so far this isn't that. Oh, BTW, the packaging on the beta Lima device was very Apple-esque. The "experience of owning" was very well thought out and virtually all companies should strive to match it. We are at end-game. They have almost spent all the money, and they will be shipping us junk soon. After that, they will turn into the same vapor that Lima's code always was. Just another request from a "small person" for a refund, Severin. Well, that was a waste of time. I'm getting a refund for shipping, but not the project/product I backed. Any time I talked about the project changing, Severin claimed the product had not changed. Any time I pointed out the product changed, he claimed I backed a project, not a product. I even offered to drop my refund request if he could provide source code to an independent auditor to confirm that the product existed as described at the time of the kickstarter project creation. He said that they could not do that. I offered to sign a reasonable NDA, in exchange for a look at that code. Again, he refused. He also claimed that the majority of backers still support the product, but he could not force us 'small people' (his exact words) to post in support of his product. He was also unable to refer me to any one of them, not even Beta testers. There did appear to be several language barriers on the call, as he kept repeatedly using the word "can't" instead of "won't". He "can't" provide refunds -- and he admitted that allowing kickstarter backers would jeopardize the project, and potentially cause it to fail (further). He "can't" use the pre-order money for refunds, as it is already spent, and they cannot cover all the refund requests with preorders. He "can't" be bothered to ship me a working device as a beta tester (despite agreeing to a device or refund in November). His suggestion to my complaints was to stop complaining and hope the company does well, so that I can sell my Lima device once it is delivered. When I told him I had ethics and could not justify becoming a con man, he told me there was nothing else he could do. He also confirmed what other's have stated -- that they have no intention of ever providing many of the features described on the project page. It *WILL* work just like DropBox. It *WON'T* be transparent to the user. It *WILL* require using their app to access the files. You *WON'T* be able to access the Lima storage from any other applications. It boils down to the fact that he as much as admitted the company is failing -- they refuse to offer refunds (despite it being the right thing to do) because that would cause them to deal with the consequences they agreed to when they decided to start a new project and misuse the funds on it. Well, at least I am getting shipping refunded. After 6 months of requesting it. Why would they have to delay when they are shipping an unfinished product. They are going to send the garbage out, stop paying warehouse fees and fold. More delays is my guess <url>’re trying hard to push a release before sending out the activation codes, and we couldn’t get it validated by QA team yet. An email has just been sent to give you more details. 8 April at 07:29 Gary TheShaman guess the Tuesday Comment answers my question. Got Lima in today and got it home and was eager to jump in 6 April at 18:09 Meet Lima Hello Gary, they will come tomorrow ! 7 April at 12:22 Gary TheShaman ugh today is now Tuesday correct? 7 April at 12:30 Meet Lima Yes so your code will be sent by tomorrow. 7 April at 12:31 Meet Lima Sorry guys. We’re trying hard to push a release before sending out the activation codes, and we couldn’t get it validated by QA team yet. An email has just been sent to give you more details. 1 · 8 April at 07:28 John L. Batey III Same here. Hardware here, awaiting Beta key. 4 April at 14:01 Meet Lima Hello John, beta key will be sent on Tuesday! 1 · 4 April at 14:03 Tedd Ferrari I received my hardware but now cannot continue because I do not have a beta key 4 April at 11:48 Meet Lima Hello Tedd, beta key will be sent on Tuesday! 1 · 4 April at 14:02 Tedd Ferrari Thank you 4 April at 14:17 they testing is going Great REFUND NOW!!! I will never use Kickstarter again due to over 2 years for this project and almost a year for another project to get to me. Or maybe I should use it and then lie like the rest. Will you please offer us a refund or a second Les sophisticated unit for free? @charles engen -- that's a great idea! Unmeetlima.com creator.... Please consider allowing people that have can demonstrate they have a kickstarter name by contacting you, and allow us to post comments in a section on the very public site, both about the Lima fraudsters, and KS. Otherwise we are just screaming in a vacuum.... REFUND NOW! The fact there has been no update on shipping dates or requests for updated address information only leaves me to believe you will make up some other terrible excuse and delay shipping again! Mid April is approaching fast. @corey I would also gladly turn over my refund to the writer of unmeetlima.com -- it's by far the best part of backing Lima... @ohad you will not see a working Lima until september, when they finally push out the 'final' code -- it's still drastically crippled compared to what we actually paid for, but not as bad as the software they are shipping to the few people that have devices prior to that. Oh my gosh, that unmeetlima.com page is hilarious, and props to whomever built that! I would actually gladly take the money I had invested in this and pay hackers to take over their "real" page and replace everything they have in there with what is on the unmeetlima.com one. Brilliant job, that! LOL with unmeetlima site :) @fmotta I beg to differ. A cellphone won't make your computer bigger. Getting a Lima is the last thing I want from this backed effort. The idea was a bit under specified at the time of project creation. But, since it was supposed to be written in Python I expected to be able to put it to use to a limited degree for localized file management (like in a vehicle/vessel). But, now it is so far behind the competitive curve that it is less than useful for that purpose as a cell phone can do it far better with WiFi, optional 3G, Bluetooth, and more for $24. Hi When would I receive my Limas??? @fabian, they claim to be 'starting shipping' in 'mid april' and they will 'slowly ship to all backers' after that. Some time in September, they will release the software needed to run the hardware, but it will be a crippled version that still wont have all the features we backed and paid for. What's up with shipping? I am interested in fines and penalties for fraud. I also am interested in an update containing refund information. UPDATE ON REFUNDS PLEASE - lack of follow-through can only result in a refund at this late stage of the game as the planned reward is obsolete now. Hey guys, I think there must be something we can do against these bastards! I don't know how it works because I don't live in the US but if we all cooperate can we at least present some kind of class action lawsuit? Any lawyers in here that can help? It's April.... and still no word on delivery ETAs? I'm not exactly shocked that they have ignored their backers for *yet another* month, but it's still disappointing. They should be 'starting shipping' next week -- but of course, they used the weasel-word 'mid-April' -- and 'gradual shipping', so who knows when they actually plan to ship? Sev & Co. had a great year playing at dotcom millionaires with your pledge money, but that chapter is drawing to a close. Expect your crippled and obsolete "reward" to arrive in a month or two, but don't expect it to work nor for CGC to be around to iterate the code. They will shut down and move on to a fresh scam and more free party money. Just thinking.., I would NEVER hire a person who had this project or company on their resume. This has been OBE for some time now, but I keep hanging around for the fallout. Ship date please. It's been a number of months since I last stopped by here. Two+ years late now. Lima, right now I'd gladly take a $15 refund and call it even. Love the unlima website. It gives me a smile because CGC pisses me off!!! FrEaKiNg cRoOkS!!! I hope karma finds them in a back alley in France and drags them to the US where we can beat them with a wet noodle. Same Thing for me, we are waiting , waiting and not real progress! . I understand that product Way have difficulty to be on the Market , but we put money to help you to grow up and have a product . Please make this happens very fast! Bonjour, je suis comme les autres backers de la première heure : je m'impatiente. A quand une livraison? Ship Date Lima? @CGC your website states that even though your UK orders are coming from France, and US sales tax is included in the price, you expect customers to pay 20% on top of the quoted price which includes US Sales Tax. Is this the same for your Kickstarter backers? The principle of free movement of goods applies throughout the EU. This means that, in principle, there is no VAT on intra-community movements of goods. As both France and the UK are within the EU, no such duty applies. Well yeah, the only one with any idea how to program got accepted into college and left them high and dry! The intern quitting means that dev ground to a halt. @richard kho If you follow them on twitter or facebook, you can see that their lead IOS dev quit, as did their 'intern'. The IOS guy quitting should not have been a problem - they claim that that code has been done for 2 years... but they claim a *LOT* of things that later turn out to be lies... @dmitrij They *claim* to be shipping broken/crippled units 'sometime in April', and won't even attempt to release a working version until September or so. Follow <url>" Please note: Lima is composed of a hardware adapter and a multi-platform app. You'll receive the final Lima device this Summer, but the app will evolve from the Pioneer Kit (Summer) to the full Lima experience (Fall) through free software updates. Click here to see the difference. You'll receive an email update every month until shipping. " lol Why the HELL is there a 'pre-order' button on the kickstarter header for this project? That's a pretty tasteless April Fools day joke.... "We are working very hard to bring you the very best Lima. Beta tests are going well, but we have discovered that it has taken us so long to deliver on this software that neither hardware or software is still relevant. Beta test group Fresno will be contacted soon to test our time machine software that is required to make Lima relevant again. Severin is finishing up a heartfelt video with more details to be shown soon, and sketchy demos will follow. We are all in this scam together!" CGC April 1 2015 and still nothing this project is a joke.... Refund please return the money!!!! @Ashley <url>" LAMER LAMA THAN LIMA " REFUND NOW! gotta love <url>"Lima makes your computer bigger" on the trash-heap of abandoned features. That was my main reason for backing...-well, that and temporary insanity... Refund NOW! REFUND NOW! HA HA HA HA HA Best website ever!! How do i contribute to this site?! <url>"syncthing raspberry pi" - it's not plug n' play, but it's not difficult to setup and has a nice community built around it. Alternately, BTSync (Pre 2.0) is still useful. Avoid 2.0 like the plague. @John Podolanko: Sounds interesting, something for a RaspberryPi ? @ConmenGatheringCash Have you returned the CES award you purchased? I was led to believe that if you did not ship in Q1 you would have to return it, and you have no plans to ship working devices until Q3 at the *EARLIEST*. @CGC just to confirm you have about 13,000 boxed and finished units at your warehouses, built on 2 year old technology just waiting for the software to be ready. Any chance of a photo to prove that you have 13,000 boxes in two warehouses to ship rather than the 400 or so you have shown us? Are you still on target for mid-April delivery as you can ship hundreds each day? If you miss this latest deadline will you use the US$2.5 million Romain Lavault and Partech gave you to refund those who want it our US$1.2 million? Testing is not shipping, scumbags. REFUND NOW! I agree! Where are the refunds you owe? Hey guys REFUND NOW! Yeah, but their goal is not to deliver, -it is to spend all the money. But lying on a project description would be dishonest! and fraud! We all know that Lima would never lie to backers! BWHAHAHAAHA They are in a damned if they did, damned if they didn't situation. Either they flat out lied in the project description, or they made a terrible, foolish decision to restart, and drastically change the scope of the agreed upon project. If they lied on the description, that's fraud, and refunds are owed. If they restarted, that's a complete change in the project, and refunds are owed. No matter how you look at it, refunds are owed, based on those two facts, alone. The fact that they have been cutting features, and dropping support for things with almost every public statement they make is just icing on the refund cake. @Dongjin, not true. With the amount of greed CGC have. There would never be enough money for them. They can't even provide refunds. @KC they were funded enough money even they could buy a chinese company to develop LIMA. LOL @Don has an interesting point: There is no good reason to believe they EVER had a working prototype. They probably just had someone else's software running on someone else's hardware. When they got so many fish on the line, they had to scramble to actually deliver... never received my lima, need either a refund or a send it again. I´m really disappointed. I don't know why anyone thinks they started over. They started. It was abundantly clear at the beginning that they had no idea what they were talking about or what it might take to do the incoherent advertising BS they were spewing. They had nothing at the point that they were funded to show other than that add copy because nothing existed. They scrambled to find contractors to code it when they had the money but they and their hired help were utterly incompetent for the task. They seduced some more money from VC and started hiring people that might know how. The result of that is this beta stuff that remains a pig in a poke so far as anyone knows. Something will probably come but as everyone has pointed out they totally blew their window of technical relevance. It will just be one other of many that got there first because of management incompetence. @John Podolanko: I am interested in your design. I lost faith in these idiots long ago. I have stopped crowd funding entirely because my projects have become zeros.... people take the money and run, and kickstarter does nothing.... I thought I was buying into someone else's dream and could contribute in design desiions and/or receive regular and honest updates. The last three on kickstarter have been horrible. I know it's not amazon and store shopping, but they just take the money and run. These idiots will get their karma someday. No one outside of Delaware, France would do that... If you do open source it, please make sure you take steps make sure that some seedy scumbag can't just lift your code and add it to their own failing device... I've built something very similar myself over the past 5 months because I got tired of waiting, and it works on Windows/Mac/Debian Linux installations. It has no Apple/Android phone/tablet support, but only because I didn't need that. It does offer USB 3.0 support though! It has no "bugs" (at least none that I've found). If I see any significant interest on this page, I'll publish open-source materials online and post the link so you can DIY. It's all about the "cash runway" At some point, the runway runs out, and they start a new company. There will never be a refund, and there will not be anyone to sue. Severin will likely never be the "face" of another tech company, but this industry still has plenty of room for people that are comfortable screwing investors. @ozymandias, you're right. Avoid the law suit. And drag the project to a dead end. I think once they started dropping the ball, and made the decision to start over, scrapping the supposedly working code, they assured their own failure. There was no coming back from the decision to drastically delay the project, and introduce massive issues. They recently started beta tests -- and they *STILL* have not got to the point they claimed they were at in the original description -- and do not have MANY of the features they claimed already worked working again. At this point, I think they no longer have any hope of selling this product after they actually launch it -- they are just trying to spend all the money on legitimate looking expenses so that there is nothing left when they get sued, and they can pretend to have tried. No reply to my email yet... @ConmenGatheringCash, what does it take to get a reply to simple questions? It's like their goal obviously has no future. The way they ran this project is nothing but a joke. How does the CGC team wake up everyday knowing they the one who ruined their own project, pissed off so many backers. Yet ignore all that and think releasing an out dated device would make it all better? Seriously, there's no more hope. By this time, people should been buying the version two already. Not 2nd beta test group. Blah! This project was successfully funded on September 8, 2013. guys..... it's 2015 now.... can we get a working device??? <url>#.VQs5cRCUc_h LOL!!! REFUND NOW! Scratch #1, there is even less content on that 'update' than usual. It almost looks like you did it to improve click throughs... 1) Why are you using an outside site for Kickstarter updates? 2) What about the Linux tests? 3) If the Windows Beta just went live, does that mean your previous updates regarding Windows testing were lies? 4) Why no word on when our refunds will be sent? That's interesting. You stated that the Windows application that was *already in* beta testing was showing some issues. Now it is suddenly *live*... @ozymandias -Word. I actually have to laugh at myself when I reread the original project. "Lima makes your computer bigger." I must have been dfrunk. @dim3m -- I just hate feeling like a victim. I got hustled by some con men, and the more I look at it, the less sophisticated they appear... Sucks to be part of something so horrible. Go to hell CGC! "On what grounds are you refusing refunds?" Sent via email. Let's see if they bother to reply... Since you claim to not have spent the shipping fees, and since my shipping fee was a separate payment -- NOT part of my Kickstarter backing, please refund those funds to me. To clarify "No" is not an acceptable answer to "where is my refund" or "why are you refusing to issue refunds in light of the changing scope of the project?". You are refusing to even discuss my concerns, leaving me no other route to remedy the problem other than requesting a refund. So.... Refunds? Where are they? @ConmenGatheringCash The only reason I repeatedly send an email requesting a refund is because you refuse to respond. Since you refuse to respond to *ANY* questions I have sent in, I have resorted to keeping it simple: "Where is my refund?" You have yet to explain where it is, why I have not got it, you have refused to provide me with contact information to discuss my concerns, you have refused to address my concerns over the change in scope, you have refused to refund my shipping (which was paid out side of kickstarter), you have told me I would be part of the beta program, and then refused to follow through, or even discuss that issue. Frankly at this point there is nothing left to discuss -- you have made it disgustingly clear you have no respect for your customers. Once again, where is my refund? The problem with the BBB is that they are a voluntary organization, based in the US -- these fraudsters are in France, and don't appear to care about the BBB. KS won't help when you email one by one. But if *a lot* of us complain to the BBB, this shows up as *a lot* of complaints filed against KS (which does hurt their business). It would only take about 100 of us to file an identical complaint. @Christian sadly, KS won't help us getting refund. for me, KS is the same as CGC, since they are not willing to help us, but just tell me excuse why they cannot refund us. I tried using the BBB, but that didn't help much. But... if, say, 100 of us contact the BBB about this, I'm pretty sure KS will do something about it. We could also try a class action lawsuit. I have also emailed, messaged and generally tried to make any sort of contact. I WANT A REFUND! NOW! We have all been - fairly patiently - waiting while being fed continuous BS and misdirection. The fact is you weren't able to deliver what you promised - let alone in the time frame you promised - and still aren't. This is now the project on my backer list that is most overdue, and least wanted. Ridiculous. REFUND NOW! I would like a refund so I can buy 2 Raspberry Pi 2s for the same cost and same functionality (probably better). � Can any one recall whether the PR lady started before or after Partech got involved. If before then CGC created a company with the KS money which is against KS TOS. I'd expect KS to enforce their own rules ( let alone changing project after funding) and as they are failing they have left themselves open to a lawsuit along with CGC @Ian -that is a good article. I wish the pom-pom squad would read it. got this link from another kickstarter that is failing: <url>"you’re helping a project to become a reality. And in return to your help you are rewarded." right, we tried to help your project; however, you changed your project after funded. just like others stated many times, that is bait and switch. if you still claim that your project stays same, then you guys need to take more computer science 101, since that means you don't understand even what you are doing. Are we shipping or we still testing? Since last update is more about punch in a face with the picture of so many limas... On the part of windows optimization, to be frank, good luck, dont waste time, new windows is coming, many people still at windows 7, windows 8 is as good as vista in half a year to a year, roll the shipment, and optimize in process... not to mention, when do we choose colors? how will you approach shipping by backer number or by tier? <url>"needed" from backers who supported your "proven, tested hardware." with "problems related to the hardware design of the device are very unlikely." and software where you had "overcomed the most critical technical challenges brought by our app". Are you seriously telling your 12,840 backers you have spent all of that on the "production and development process" post kickstarter including the shipping fees? REFUND NOW! The average solo teen hacker would have had this done in this time. You guys are going to be so sorry when CGC makes good and delivers Lima... -but only if you plug it in. @ConmenGatheringCash did you return the CES award you purchased? One of the requirements was that you ship in the first quarter, and you are not even looking having working devices out until quarter 3 at the earliest (and even that is in doubt, since you are now stating some of the features will never work) @Nick... Oh, but there is! You get an outdated piece of hardware with reduced functionality that is still in beta or really pre-beta since it is not even feature complete yet... And you get this fantastic package some 2-3 years late and should expect it to completely mess up your file system and loose a good deal of files over this slow-running, less than a 2013/2014 NAS drive... Wasn't that worth the wait? Awesome work. almost 2 years and nothing. what the hell? please send something to the early backers. this has been forever. There should be some extra perk for us. @ConmenGatheringCash Well, as I have pointed out to you repeatedly, the original project states repeatedly, and clearly, that you would not need to access your files through a special app (merely have it running in the background). Now you are repeatedly, and clearly stating that you need to access your files through the app, in exactly the way was originally stated we did not need to. You even compared yourself to dropbox, and specifically stated that you were different than dropbox -- and now you are stating the mobile lima app will work *EXACTLY* as the mobile dropbox app does. Regarding Windows and OSX, I don't care how Lima works with them. I backed based on Linux support, which appears to no longer be a feature. Either way, where are our refunds? Since you are not using the funds to produce the project we backed, refunds are owed. You know it, we know it, and your shills know it. @KC -- but that is one of the features that they decided to drop... or not. It really depends on which used-car-salesman is making the comment... Some claim that feature is there. Some claim it is gone. Some claim it was never there to begin with. I think their strategy is to try and lie their way through this. @familia Shut up....that is all Also keep in mind these guys are total hacks, and if you let them mess with your file system you are nuts. @Pacomius Keep in mind that they have cut many many features since they made that video. They no longer intend to offer the features we originally backed. You need to send out the address survey again....it needs to go out just prior to shipping not 6 months before Lol Pacomius same here I forgot all about it. Have no idea why I even wanted. I'd actually forgotten what this thing was... let alone just what it was meant to achieve... let alone why I had wanted one After reviewing the video I thought it would be quite useful... had I received it within a year of paying for it Hmm... not the update I was (still, naively) hoping for. So, must look into getting that refund. @joshua neither does refunding backers... For the love of pete, can I please update my shipping address on the back dashboard? That isn't something that requires beta testing. REFUND NOW! Vastly outdated hardware by todays standards... USB3.0 is the industry standard and USB-C is coming fast... 1 gbps is the standard and in many consumer NAS 10 gbps has been the standard for a while.... And then we have the Lima, which will feel like something from the last century when it finally ships - sorry, make that IF they ever ship! Worst... Kickstarter.... Ever! @familia Stop the lying! Terrible job Lima group! Since you are no longer supporting Linux, or mobile devices without accessing everything through your app, I would like a refund. I backed based on the project description. You have repeatedly changed the scope and description of the project, and it is no longer what I backed. Stop the crying!!! Great job LIMA GROUP!! I want a refund. F&^%K ME!! 18 months and $1.2 million.....and we are still waiting for a beta phase to complete?? Looks very much like we funding students to learn how to programme. "Be respectful and considerate." - yeah CGC. What a joke. And KS are just as bad culprits. I've been using the in-ear earphones that came with my Lima since January. I use it about 3 to 4 times a week since I missed placed my Bose ones. Anyways, the sound on the earphones are ok. But theres this stupid plastic sound when its inserted into the ear. And today it finally broke. The connection at the 3.5mm plug is now faulty. REFUND NOW! @p-middy: I would not be surprised to find that 90% of the code intended for the Lima infringes on copyright/left. From the behavior I have seen of CGC I wonder if there is a communication or language problem internal to their 'organization' that explains their lack of understanding of the term "ethical practices". WOW. Considering none of the standard movie market places support AVI or MKV files, I'll just assume the movies in your video are either torrented (copyright infringement) or ripped from a DVD (also illegal in many jurisdictions, yes, technically even if you own it). *thumbs up* guys. Glad to have this feature that encourages copyright infringement. It's been a long time since I made the purchase and so far not received the product. When will I receive? I notice they're claiming April shipping. Note they don't mention which year. Could be April 2015, 2016, 2017 or 2025. REFUND NOW! @GCG. Why, if I ordered via your website, will you give me a refund but not because I showed faith in your and backed you on Kickstarter? <url>"Make your computer bigger" REFUND NOW I think this running on a Pi would probably do everything I needed Lima to do (and was promised before the grand re-write) <url>"innovative" technology that is "disrupting the storage market." -Makes your computer bigger too... I already have an L:\ Drive on my Windows VMs and the few Windows boxes I use. It is a convention that we applied a long time back where L:\ is a localized remote drive (aka 'mapped/mounted/...') that was used for the Users 'Local' data (often it contained the users unique Autoexec.bat in the old days - I think it was introduced by 3Com or Sytek). Since this convention is so old and rather prevalent in many corporate IT systems it is often hard coded as L:\ in scripts (and batch files). So, will Lima handle that and allow me to keep that drive letter in its existing use model or will it be fouled up? I cannot understand, by all the description of what I am reading from the Lima team on this and other sites; how CGC thinks Lima is any different than my having a virtual file system called 'L:\' is different than having one called 'Transporter' or bt_sync or OwnCloud, ... You are only fooling yourselves (if that is the case then it is a very sad thing). I wonder if anyone is buying their crap anymore. @Creator I'd like to give you a chance to make $50. the retail price will be $149 and I'd paid $99. why don't you refund my $99 and sell the device to others so that you can make extra $50? REFUND NOW! I guess lima will be a new kind of rubbishware when it gets out: it will be so out of date you can trashcan it directly. @cgc: please dont send it to me, i do not want to pay the additional customs fee for aomething i wont use anyway "This device will retail for $150 after this Kickstarter campaign", strangely the pre-orders are at 99 dollars after the KS campaign... From delivery in April 2015 now on the website with the pre-order it says "You'll receive the final Lima device this Summer, but the app will evolve from the Pioneer Kit (Summer) to the full Lima experience (Fall) through free software updates." @CGC could you please confirm that the backers will receive the Limas in April and please also reply to my unanswered question of 2 weeks ago in the update 36 ? i would appreciate a REFUND too PLEASE! REFUND NOW. This will never ship! @terry: Pre-order vaporware! I am so up for that from CGC (again). I trust Lima to tell me lies and nothing more. Occasionally, they fail me and slip in a truth. But, not often enough to lose my trust that they will continue to lie. REFUND NOW! REFUND NOW! REFUND NOW! REFUND NOW! REFUND NOW! on there website ..you can pre order ,,,But now they do not tell you when it will ship it used to say spring 2015...mmmm i smell more delays I have to say that I'm no longer interested on this product anymore. Tired of waiting especially when technology evolve so quickly. I WANT MY MONEY BACK!!! Ready for a Laugh Estimated delivery: Apr 2014 - Ships anywhere in the world REFUND NOW Time for a refund! REFUND NOW! @KC: You give them too little credit! They also discovered "Favorites" too! That is like two currently used ideas that are likely older than the developers that they found! Yo! You've only got USB 2.0 and a Fast Ether connection. One or at most 2 simultaneous connections. Finish what you need to do get the KS promises done and deliver a secure NAS that enhances my privacy, before you add items that are not part of the WBS. Do you know what a WBS is? What does yours look like? Post that and a schedule and get this done before you start telling the world I like to watch spider porn and easy listening music. This is not XBMC or PLEX. You aren't supposed to see what's on the drive. You're not supposed to advertise the contents of the drive. Do we have the address in Paris I can send someone too visit them on my behalf? OMG!!! CGC has discovered thumbnails!!! If the app is sending info about my files, even the smallest, to somewehere else, that is enough reason for me to not use the app. @CGC: where is the app pulling this movie info from? Can I turn this feature off? Beside this, how can you not see showing us a new feature that is not part of the core functionality when the software is still not ready is not a smart move. Come back with this when Lima is as promised and its cool, Now, not. I hope your not trying to upsell us that scat of a video. Seriously, you show loading the movie only for a few seconds. Not showing us how long it takes to load in the movie, not showing us the quality of the movie through the lima app. A lot of unanswered questions, still waiting on the financial plan information and the current spending of the project vs what money you already have received. you are such a joke. refund us or ship today! I hate this project! 2016??...I am going to troll the hell out of CGC. Any Lima idiot dreamers who want to remark about being patient or comment that "we are all babies complaining"...I'm going to troll the crap out of you too. No mercy REFUND NOW! CGC can buy my silence in the form of a refund for the shitbox. I suggest we all turn up the heat...anything that comes of it will be better than the retard limbo we are in now.. Man, I sure can't wait to get those ear buds. Mine just broke... Guess I will just go buy some before 2016! can't wait till 2016, REFUND NOW! "We are working 110% to bring you the very best possible Lima and are very excited to announce that beta group 'Lodi' (Jim and Teresa) are coming online in early summer. We have every reason to believe that we will deliver what we promised in 2013 prior to 2016." REFUND NOW! REFUND NOW! REFUND NOW! @Don Gateley, V2.0 of BTSync breaks everything we've come to love in previous versions. Unless you pay up, version 2.0 appears to have a 10 folder limit and an all-or-nothing approach to syncing, whereas 1.4 allowed unlimited folders and a share what you want with who you want approach. As other have pointed out, it's understandable that they need to get cash from the project somehow. But breaking the functionality we grew up with is not the way to do it. If anyone cares, the last 1.4 version is here: <url>#comment-8010409 REFUND NOW! I want a refund too I want a refund too REFUND NOW! Some people go for the near sure-thing loss at Vegas. Gambles can wear many different masks. Kickstarter is a risky environment. It is like throwing your money into the wish pod and hope to get something. I have lost 250 dollars already. Really really risky environment @Mat: Yep greed and stupidity are stealing both money from backers and future potential backers dollars from project creators. REFUND NOW! Joke hahah ohh sorry looks like the joke is on the backers, which was me LOL shame because these sort of projects are destroying the crowdfunding industry... still waiting :( Kick starters... Please really consider... for the discount we get here it is a gamble... as we do not at times like this it breaks our heart. As we have been robbed in day light... the kick starters idea is great in helping a lot of companies to get off the ground... but there is lots of companies and individual are using this platform to rob in this method called Kickstarters. I am not happy... will remove all my current pledges, as i do not trust this platform any more. REFUND NOW! REFUND NOW! Refund please! Yeah, when the sole stretch goals were changes in plastic color it was obvious that these guys were full of shit. But, I gave them the benefit of the doubt until they changed scope of the project... that was where the lies started compounding into a comedy of errors. Now there is nothing but poor attempts to extend our impatience until some time when (likely) their VC company will take over and either hire one guy to do the whole thing in a few weeks from scratch or just follow through with the **** of the backers. I have no confidence in the project anymore, and would like to request for a full refund too. It is too late to say anything along the lines of "we are testing it to make sure you ship you a superior product". That's what the timeline was for. You've taken the backers for a ride. Please consider responding to all the refund requests, because your explanations just don't cut it anymore. REFUND NOW! Kirsten's request sounds very reasonable. +1 @Kristen: They also got a bunch more money from a another mark - I mean a Venture Capital company. Hmmm, with $1.2 million in your pockets, it seems this project should have moved along more quickly - certainly you had the cash to creatively solve many challenges. Early on, it seems you spent a lot of that cash flying around to shows and parties. Lately it seems you're trying to get through the beta process, but still, we're 1.5 years past the funding date. Would you be willing to release your books and show us how you've spent our money? Depending on what you've done with the money, that could restore some integrity to your campaign and project. REFUND NOW! REFUND NOW! The product is bullshit, and it is shipped regularly and in large volumes. What is the estimated dates for shipping the product. Didn't receive any update for a while now. @CGC: You say that data in the root of (correctly annotated) C:\. But, I have many drives! What about D:\ and E:\ and all the others? And how do you handle it when I SMB or NFS mount drives to drive 'letters'? Also, what about my VeraCrypt drives that are mounted at a drive letter? Oh, and all the fused file systems I have elsewhere - like my Transporter, bt-sync, ownCloud, loop-back file systems, and mounted images? @swissmawi: I am siding with KC on this. Yes, I have only backed almost 140 projects so my experience is limited. But, I have also: - Made products like the Lima - Supported people who have made products like Lima - Developed multi-host cross build flow (look up Canadian Cross) tools for all the platforms Lima wants to support - Worked in many start ups - Consulted to Venture Capital companies - And much more. I can say, without any reservation and without any doubt that what CGC claims they are planning to deliver should have been completed long LONG ago even if I had to train all the developers straight from College. REFUND NOW! @swissmawi -Those are two incredibly ignorant and inaccurate posts. For those asking for refunds all the time: Kickstarter is not a shop. It is high risk venture capital. So so asking for refunds like babies and support the team!!!! Actually your task is enormous. Don't let your self get frustrated by angry comments and keep going your path step by step. Yes you are late but when the product safely delivers what you promise it's unique in the world. Keep going!!! I have backed another project in KS. It went smoothly, they have sent the product, didn't arrive, sent it again, didn't arrive. A problem with the post office. So they wrote me: "I understand that this is probably very frustrating and we would like to give you the option of a full refund. Many customers have told us the product is worth the wait but we know not everyone can wait. If you do want a refund please supply us with your PayPal details." So for an already backed, produced and SENT product, they still offer me a refund. CGC...You MUST offer us refunds for your own sake because if you don't, when we get our Limas, the whole internet will be filled up by horrible reviews that you can't even imagine. Keep ignoring us. What goes around comes around. REFUND NOW! REFUND NOW REFUND NOW! REFUND NOW! @CGC: 'C:/' Does not exist. If you must use DOS terminology then do it correctly. The amount of original code needed to make this application is trivial and should take months for the first platform and (if written by half-skilled multi-platform developers) a few weeks per additional platform. From what I have read you have been beta testing at the sub-20 beta users IOS and OSX only. In short... you have taken over a year to get to beta on two platforms. Now, let's be inclusive and state the code on the Lima - what should be a small bit of code wrapped around rsync and some web apps/PHP/Python/CGI on the existing Linux port.... Another month or two. Summary: You have taken over 18 months to get to VERY early Beta what should have been COMPLETED in 6 months. And some may wonder why there is no confidence in your (presumed to be) shipped product. @Creator, let's talk about the "backup" solution you sold. Correct me if this is wrong: There is no direct Lima-to-Lima backup. Using two Lima's to "back up" your content requires you to fully sync all content to a middleware device. That is, to back up the entirety of content on Lima A, you have to sync every bit of it to a device that holds 100% of the content and is also syncing to Lima B. In other words, if I had only had two phones plus two Lima's, one of those phones would have to hold 100% of its own content locally PLUS 100% of the second phone's content locally to accomplish what you disingenuously label "backup." Correct? CGC before funding completed you stated it would be possible to tell Lima where your data is stored as many people do not bloat out their C drives to keep the OS running better your comment to Christopher below shows that your choice to change coding language has lead to reduced functionality where one of your drivers to switch was to improve experience You lied about functionality and got as least one backer you would not have done if you hadn't I just want back my money :( Scam campaign! I ask you to refund me but you refuse. The bad experience ever, I will never buy stuffs on Kick Stater!! REFUND ME REFUND NOW! REFUND NOW! REFUND NOW! @Jacquelyn: IMO CGC is beyond the benefit of the doubt and onto doubt of benefit. I am still contemplating if I should give the CGC team a benefit of the doubt to ship a good product. But I am so sick of waiting. ARGH! To be honest I won't even be unhappy if the product is good. But!! I would be utterly pissed if I receive a lousy product. Sorry - ~12,000 Limas - R E F U N D N O W It'd be great to see the market flooded with ~1,200 Limas from the backers all dumping these like a bad penny. The value of the company will plummet and they will likely have to do the world a favor and return to their place earning €55 per day on the dole. The thing I trust Most about CGC is that they will not tell the truth. Now, That I trust Completely! Refund now, please/ @Brandon - You did it wrong. See the TIPS section in my profile. See my profile for how to file a credit card chargeback: <url>#comment-8010409 REFUND NOW!! For all those yelling "REFUND" and "CHARGEBACK" don't hold your breath. I tried to dispute the charge with American Express and was told it was too long ago -- they took our money in September 2013. That was almost a year and a half ago! At this point if I ever DID receive this device I would just immediately list it on eBay. I have no confidence whatsoever that it would work, and I am not about to install the app that will have access to the filesystem on ALL my devices. I've written off this project as one of the few Kickstarter failures I've backed... sad really. No, REALLY! This is not a difficult product to design, manufacture, test, and ship. REALLY! REFUND NOW! Refund now (please). REFUND NOW. Berfore Xmas 2013 I've received a postcard from Lima team (the only thing I've received from them!) where they wrote (see the image: <url>"We know it's disappointing to receive your Lima in Spring [2014] only." and "Prepare yourself for an EPIC 2014!" ...ROLF! Oh yeah... REFUND NOW! Darn! I missed a day REFUND NOW! REFUND NOW! @David Tomlinson I know right. It makes about as much sense as asking, "Where's my Lima?". REFUND NOW! @David...know your roll and shut your mouth...(Rock voice) REFUND NOW! REFUND NOW! REFUND NOW! REFUND NOW! @Sinnyc: I have more faith in gstick than these guys. I have seen mostly overly optimism and lack of resources from gstick. I cannot remember any bald-faced lies. These shysters have no shame, and are certainly not going to refund you the money they party with. File a chargeback if you want your money liberated from their pockets. So Lima and Flux flap, paid + shipping to UK - nothing - sorry genuine kickstarters! Fool me once, shame on you, fool me twice, shame on me (brushes hands) I'm done and will diss kickstarter wherever I can. Control your business model!!! @fmotta: I'm a gStick backer, too :( REFUND NOW!!! Shipping begins in April? Well, according to Lima's past shipment promises, this means October 2017, right?! REFUND NOW!!!!!! REFUND NOW! @Gianluca: For the most part things work out OK for my backed KS projects. I have had a few where they are turds and one other that is a scam (like this one). @fMOTTA, While we speak of this, mate, I looked at you impressive list of 137 projects and cannot help but notice the quantity of shipwrecks you're in. We both were on the Buccaneer ( you got a refund i got the printer) we are both here, I saw you on the Gstick campaign ( Any news on that?). Admit it, you're a glutton for punishement :D See replies by CGC in Update #36: @ CGC Team: What??? "Unification means all of the files in your user folder: Desktop, Documents, Music, Pictures, Videos and Downloads are automatically on your other devices." You mean Lima is not going to replace my whole file system?? And under the “What’s the difference with Dropbox?” section: There's no dedicated folder that you have to move your files into. All your files are on Lima, from the files on your Desktop to the files in your Movies folder. So you don't need to copy and move your files around anymore : just let them where they always have been, they're already on your other devices. You said no dedicated folder, but "Desktop" "Movie" "Download" are dedicated folders, so by that the different lies between Folder and Folder"s" ???? Is that what you are saying now?? Then you misled me for backing this project since I was hoping that you will replace my whole file system, and for the fact that I do not use the default "Desktop" "Movie" "Download" folders in my Windows/Linux/Mac. I have dedicated hard drive for movies/music and another for photos, since I am taking a lot of photos as hobby. That say :" REFUND" for me because this is not what I backed!!!! You change your scope and your fuzzy Marketing lies!!!!! @fmotta You missed "REFUND NOW" since 3 days... @fmotta this project doesn't seem being managed by marketers. Con artists are leading this project. I wish for times when projects were managed by Engineers rather than marketeers (aka liars). The projects/products I know that were managed by Engineers were for the most part understated and once received they overperformed... When Marketing gets involved it is overstated and underperforms (aka Lies). When schedules are represented by Engineers real and reasonably honest times are set. When status is provided by Engineers generally omits exaggeration (you know like saying 5 beta testers because that is the actual number and actually what applications are really tested and using terms like "subdirectories or folders" rather than saying "all your files"). You know - Reality and not fantastic lies. I Did NOT find an email from CGC like the others. Had I received it I'd have to laugh my head off at the representation of naivety of the authors and their perception that creating such a trivial product as Lima is difficult. It represents the extreme lack of experience of those involved and the continued propagation of misinformation from CGC. And these guys want me to trust them with my data? I cannot trust them with $79! @David Tomlinson: Only 31 projects backed? REFUND NOW! Heya David Tomlinson... REFUND NOW! Well you know, David Tomlinson, Kickstarter is supposed to be like Amazon . com. When I order something here, I expect it to ship on the shipping date. @David, There are other issues going on here. If you read through the comments and other material, you'll see our journey seems to have taken a turn onto a different road at some point. That's the primary reason people are a bit touchy. I'd hope that everyone who backs a tech project understands that there are risks with the technology itself. Hi David, people asking for refunds aren't worried about delays but that CGC carried out fraud ( bait and switch by ditching two years development and starting from scratch) and broke KS rules by using the money to set up a company rather than using funds to deliver the project. What a bunch of clowns. Chanting Refund Now on a comments web page is so effective. I've backed almost a dozen projects and they are all, except for one, late. This isn't the Apple or Google store; you are helping to fund a new product, not buying a product off the shelf. Jeez... @terry (Eye Toldyoosso) I got the identical email. REFUND NOW!!! got this today... " Hi Terry, I'm sorry that you've been disappointed by the fact that we're going to ship after the initial schedule. Unfortunately, we didn't have the choice if we wanted to ship a high-quality risk-free Lima right away. We understand it’s frustrating to wait for Lima, yet we’re doing our best to put it in your hands as soon as we can. At this stage, your support is really important since it allowed us to make all the required investments. Unfortunately we can't refund your pledge now as, as initially planned, funds were used for production and development process. Building a hardware company is very very costly (more costly than you can imagine, and that we could have imagined). We’ve spent far more money than the Kickstarter campaign. It was a deliberate choice to make a Kickstarter campaign with a very low / almost no margin, but that meant we had to go find additional fundings - VCs, and bank loans. We’re solid and will honor shipping and building what we’ve promised, but we can’t financially refund some of you and take the risk to let the rest of you down. We've already sent the Limas to 100 beta testers in December. We’ve been testing the Lima apps on Mac, iOS and Android so far. Windows is still being tested internally as we finish preparing the platform to be beta ready. We’ll keep you informed on how the beta tests go, along with updating you on estimated shipping dates according to the results of the tests. Hope that you will forgive us for the delay when discovering your Lima performances. Let us know if we can do anything else to reassure you about Lima project development. We are working hard to satisfy all our backers and we will listen carefully to your feedbacks. Best, Christophe for the Lima Team " REFUND NOW! @Nicolas -I am not sure what you are asking me, but you should use the Kickstarter "Contact me" link at upper right to request a refund with a deadline to reply, e.g. "I would like a full and immediate refund of my $xx due to misrepresentations and delays on this project. If I do not hear from you by x/xx/xx (give them 2 business days) I will seek a refund from my card issuer." CGC, are you going back on an earlier commitment then? I run a lean derive and do not store data on it. My docs, downloads etc are effectively on a different a drivedrive. You said before that Lima could be told which drives contain the data and stuff on C would be ignored. This was confirmed before project closure and was only reason for backing (well you know pre bait and switch activities) @KC which can be a "official" channel to ask for a refund? The "Request refund from project creator, give them a deadline to reply" part... @fmotta, let's make that a campaign =) REFUND NOW!! @creator You explained in the project description (which can’t be changed after the campaign) that you will ship my device on January 2014 (about a year ago) Blah blah.. I'm just wasting my time (the same thing that i did with my money when i supported you) Refund now REFUND NOW! REFUND NOW! bla bla bla Beta, bla bla bla we went to vegas, bla bla bla This is all Bullshit! REFUND NOW! See my profile for how to file a credit card chargeback: <url>#comment-8010409 REFUND NOW! I know asking for refunds is like asking a the lottery for the winning ticket... But i sure hope you will think of some way to compensate us for this mismanagement on your side I know asking for refunds is like asking a the lottery for the winning ticket... But i sure hope you will think of some way to compensate us for this mismanagement on your side Refund please Refund now!! I backed: "BACKUP PACK (second batch): You get 2 black Lima devices, to replicate your data in 2 different places. ($10 shipping included) Estimated delivery: Apr 2014 Ships anywhere in the world" When wil this "data replication" as a back-up option be possible? @Keith: I have software that looks at all my files in my systems and syncs/manages them. This is software that is either formalized and reviewed by professional entities or software that I have code access thereto. The few that use a 3rd party company are few and I know the traffic (since I also monitor ALL traffic through my network/systems at all times). I AM creeped out about some habitual liars having access to my systems. REFUND NOW! (Missed yesterday due to travel ... so) REFUND NOW! REFUND NOW! @VISCONTE Hey mate! Here is an "adventure" for you: Send me $79. I claim here to send you a "very exciting 1st version of LIMA". You have a 1/10 chance to get it. What is your answer? "Think before clicking on the green button!" Dim3m, I agree... Too bad the comments don't out Severin for what he is...... He's been having quite a few "great days" at our expense..... This product flat lined a long time ago...... Kickstarter (and indiegogo) are losing their trust factor.... Unless they rectify and prevent scum like Severin and company from behaving so irresponsible with other peoples money.... Crowd funding will not last without recourse against poor management and repeated missed deadlines and near constant product design changes..... This puppy will ship when humans no longer need to store data! I actually don't regret backing this project. The comments are just hilarious. *eats popcorn @Keith: if that is what you want, why did you back this project? Froms the start is has always been about sync between hd and external hd's Is anyone else as creeped out as I am about software that looks into my all of my computer's HD space? It was just supposed to give me a drive letter for the Lima's USB attached devices, and not my HD. Really not acceptable. The Pioneer sounds like it might just do what I want, but who knows. I just want access to those USB devices and not provide access to my computer's HD. That is why I have a NAS solution. @visconte you are welcome to express your opinion, and we are welcome to point out that it's based on flawed reasoning and falsehoods. @ozymandias I'm not trying to educate anybody, challenge is too big foor me. Everyone can express his/her opinion, including those not screaming and asking everyday "refund now". If you think there's a fraud, pick a lawyer, build the case and go to court. @Visconte "If your answer is 1) I am sorry to tell you that you entered the wrong portal..." Pffffffft. Who the hell are you to lecture me or anyone else here? If you truly believe that a typical investor "will throw money to 10 projects with the hope of getting 1 of these returning on his investment, even if the 9 other colllapse.", I shudder to think what your investment portfolio must look like. Even within the context of Kickstarter, I don't believe you could find a single backer who expects 9 of every 10 projects he or she funds to fail. Regardless of context, such a statement is preposterous and should fundamentally disqualify you from giving any advice on any matter concerning money. You can wait here and be "very excited to receive the 1st version of LIMA." I'm following the previously mentioned guide in KC's profile (thank you for that, KC!) and pursuing a credit card charge back against these charlatans. (I can't believe that worked) @Jim No, Lima was not that complex or ambitious. The project we backed was 'get enough money to manufacture already designed, off the shelf hardware, and install already written software on it". The complexity and ambitious part came after funding -- when they decided to scrap the hardware and software, and rewrite everything from the ground up. Let me guess -- they tell you to email <email> -- where it will be promptly ignored.... Wow. Chill out folks. Lima is a very complex and ambitious product. Delays happen on every project. Changes in implementation happen on projects. Kickstarter, by its very nature, is a speculative venture and you have to understand that things might not work out in the way or time that you think going in. That goes for both backers and project teams. Personally, I'd rather a great late product than either no product or a lame on-time one. on there website... "We value your opinion and want to hear what you think of Lima. We will use your feedback to improve our products and services. If we haven’t met our commitments, we want to hear from you. Your experience can help us improve our service to you and others. We want to know what you like about us and any suggestions about how we can do better." the lies and joke is strong with this company "5 other people work on customer care, overall management & marketing. " Who do... nothing? We rarely get KS updates, twitter gets a comment once or twice a month, facebook is full of marketing hype and lies, and emails either get ignored or you get told to go fuck yourself. What do those 5 people DO all day? other than cash paychecks and go on vacations? on there website.. " What is your policy on refund? If ever you change your mind, you can get a refund of the pre-order purchased on this website at anytime. You…" mmmmmmmmmmm "5 other people work on customer care, overall management & marketing. " lost for words all get on Twitter , Facebook and tell the world what a joke the project is (let's chum the waters a bit) Well you know, Ozy, Kickstarter is supposed to be like Amazon . com. When I order something here, I expect it to ship on the shipping date. I think groupthink requires more than a few people... These guys are so in the minority, that I am not convinced they are not shills that made it into the beta... Groupthink is a scary thing. Is there a factory somewhere stamping these guys out of raw denial? @visconte before trying to educate other users, you could use a little education yourself. The reason people are requesting refunds is because of the FRAUD, not the delays. Lima took our money and is not using it to complete the project in the description. Even traditional investors get a little upset at that. Luckily for them, they have easier access to lawsuits and law enforcement than we do. Anytime an 'investor' sees a project they funded using the money in ways not covered by the agreement, they have a right and obligation to speak up if they object. I am very excited to receive the 1st version of LIMA. For sure I have waited a lot, but I am not on the REFUND NOW bandwagon as those who pollute this forum week after week. Guys, before funding a project, you just have to ask yourself if you are 1) buying as consumer on the internet, or 2) participating to an adventure. If your answer is 1) I am sorry to tell you that you entered the wrong portal, you are not in A****n and won't receive a ticket for returning your gear nor cancel your 'order'. Next time, stick to classic commercial website, this will free this forum from repetitive useless statements, and this will be probably better for your stomach ulcer. If your answer is 2), you are an investor. An typical investor will throw money to 10 projects with the hope of getting 1 of these returning on his investment, even if the 9 other colllapse. That's it. Think before clicking on the green button! I am on a lovely beach in Mexico, will post instructions manana... I did get a laugh out of that "update" though. Such chutzpah Further* I encourage everyone wanting a refund to dispute these as fraud charges with your cc. Please look at KC's profile for dither instruction. @KC your credit card disputes verbiage is needed again for all the new people asking for a refund. Lol Hi Lima team, I'm really excited to receive my Lima in the coming months and I haven't minded the wait so far. However, the "Lima Drive" concept you outlined in the last update is much more attractive to me than an "all files" sync management service. If it's reasonable, could you consider keeping the Pioneer Kit functionality active after the beta testing period? Maybe just for Kickstarter backers? Thanks for your consideration! REFUND NOW!!! I CAN'T WAIT UNTIL MY NEW PAPERWEIGHT ARRIVES!!!' NO, WAIT, WHAT I'D REALLY LOVE ADDED TO LIMA IS A FULL REFUND FEATURE!!! REFUND ME NOW!!!$ I've withheld comment for almost a year and a half, but after receiving yet another "update" about this bullsh!t vaporware, I'm now on the "REFUND NOW!" shaming train. REFUND NOW! REFUND NOW! REFUND NOW! Refund please.... This project has made me stop using kick starter. Thank you for ruining my faith in people. Your just a bunch of thieves. Since you are no longer shipping in Q1 will you be offering refunds *OR* returning your purchased CES awards? @christopher lewis Because, contrary to Lima's claims otherwise, almost every backer to state an opinion on the subject wants a refund -- they would go bankrupt if they tried to refund everyone, and they know they are unlikely to see many sales after they actually delivery this half-assed product. @CGC Deciding to redesign the software and hardware from the ground up is *NOT* a 'bump', it is a complete and total departure from the project described on the Kickstarter page. Additionally, in your point #3 below, you state "So we created an app that works like a File Explorer to enable you to browse & access your files. " which is *ALSO* in direct opposition to the description of the project on the Kickstarter page, where you explicitly state multiple times that you do not need a special app to access the Lima files. You repeated used this as a contrasting feature between your app and DropBox. This most recent description describes *EXACTLY* how DropBox works. On my phone, if I wish to access a file on my DropBox, I open the DropBox app, and navigate to it, and it is transferred on demand. Since you have just admitted that you are no longer honoring the project description, will you start issuing refunds? Dear CGC, you formed a company with your funding rather than using funds to deliver the project. You are in breach of the TOS with KS and as such with your backers too. Them project we backed was for hardware and UI tweaks with a sub six month delivery. I did not back or authorise a complete rewrite of the code. You have not offered up the original code for review to prove it ever existed and would have worked. This project is an act of fraud. Why not use the Partech money to refund those of us who want it? Hope this will ship in 2015. Not sure which month. It is unfair not to ship the devices yet and no hardware upgrade even after such ridiculous delay (almost 1.5yrs) Every other successfully funded projects announced major upgrades and regular updates to let others know what is happening. REFUND NOW! Losers Comment 4,800 @ozy: 'Defecate in a box' will at least help my garden. Lima won't help the e-waste problem when we discard it once (some of us) try it and pitch it in the rubbish bin, disgusted. The smart ones (should it arrive) will chuck it straight-away of open it up and re-purpose the hardware. REFUND NOW! Don't forget, Lima promised another update with further delays by the 16th! @Timo At this point, Lima is claiming that since they still intend to ship something, at some point in the future, that they call 'Lima', they do not owe refunds, no matter how much the shipped product matches, or does not match, the Kickstarter description. Lima seems to feel that they can defecate in a box, call it a 'Lima', and they met their obligation. @andrew L re: Originally we were given the impression that devices would just access the data as normal. It now appears this is not the case with us having to go through an app? Is this the case? They have repeated stated that you are required to use the app to access the files on Lima. They have *ALSO* repeated stated that your entire file system will be replaced by their app. Sadly, they refuse to clarify either of these points. "For clarification, some people seem to think that the project has changed. We confirm it hasn’t, the project we’re working on is still the one described on the project description page, except for the plastic casing of the hardware which was improved post campaign." For clarification, this statement is a flat out, bold faced LIE. The project on the description page is for the manufacturing of a completed project. Several times Lima has confirmed that they have abandoned that plan, and started an all-new software and hardware design. This is an all-new project. @Andrew L : you have perfectly "summarised" my feelings. I also would like to have the French text to complain I'm so out of the loop with this. Almost forgot I backed it. Everyone asking for refunds? Is it still happening? Am I going to get mine? @benoit cotte Could you write us what you wrote so that we can copy/paste to show that we all act together and there is a serious case? @Johnny Benoit posted "It's identification number is 538 742 669, and they fall under the jurisdiction of Paris. The email for fraud repression is <email> Their CEO is Séverin Marcombes." I encourage everyone to file a fraud report with the French government. I think a backer supplied that Information here a few days ago. @CGC/Lima: If you cannot discern that there is a difference between what we backed and what you have said you are making then I Seriously doubt your technical prowess (even more). If you think that the backers are so ignorant that they cannot see through you ever-so-thin vail of misrepresentation then you have obviously underestimated those who back projects here on KS. If you think that continuous misrepresentation will mask the truth then you are only fooling yourself. None of the above options bode well for CGC as a company nor those associated with decision making and publicity. REFUND NOW! The Software definition was Python scripts Their hardware was an off-the-shelf device. Their current project (which is not the one we backed) is entirely different hardware and C/C++ code. My Frustration stopped when I re-read all that was written by CGC and determined that the lack of honesty on their part that continues to their last posts here are not a result of anything more than their LACK OF HONESTY. To clarify: The hardware spec was different in the description of the project and there are statements from CGC stating this Many times. More LIES are coming from CGC... simply put, Lies and more lies are coming from CGC. They cannot even remember them they are so many. Couple of questions for CGC, I've pretty much long given up on this project but thought I would take a look at what you were doing with my $79. 1. I see mention in these comments of a CGC server - that worries me. One feature in your FAQs that specifically attracted me to the Lima was it was all under my control and no one else handled my data. If this is now not the case then you are not delivering what I signed up for. 2. You mention back up to cloud services but what about home NAS drives? As I suspect like many backers I have now moved on and have sorted some proper storage now so have no need for the Lima but am signed up for one anyway so it would be nice to make some kind of use for it in my data set up, even if it's just for collating pen drives and to be able to access them on any device, basically a very expensive USB NAS adapter. My media will shortly be taken care of by Plex. 3. Originally we were given the impression that devices would just access the data as normal. It now appears this is not the case with us having to go through an app? Is this the case? 4. it will be "interesting" (I use the term loosely) to see if Lima (when/iff it arrives) has any place in my network now. I suspect not Only thing I can think I might use it for is sharing out small amounts of data to other people but if they need to install software to do that i don't think that will happen either. Following the way this has been handled I am afraid I have absolutely no trust in letting Lima handle my important data so it will be a $79 box that gets stuffed in a drawer and never used. Personally I would rather you called it a day and instead of using up plastics and electronics and wasting any more resources on something that will not be used I would rather see the case for a project cancellation (or at least allow those who want to opt out do so) and a partial refund of whatever is left. You originally claimed for $69,0000 to develop this. In my mind that should mean you should take that $69,000 and split it between the backers and deduct it from their refund amounts. If you went over your quoted $69,000 then that is your problem I am afraid. If I quote for a contract and say it will be £X,000 then that is what I charge, not a penny more. I think it is about time you disclose how much of the $1,229,074 you have received you have spent. I have no doubt it is higher than the $69,000 but I think it would be interesting to see and something which needs to be posted and if there is a significant amount remaining then I think you need to ask your backers what WE want you to do with the rest of OUR money. 800 requested for Beta, 500 selected. very interesting. Is there a list for the Beta users? or do the 795 people who didn't get the beta assume that they are part of the 300 who didn't make the list? I think a refund is required. + interest. I'm considering it a 1.5 year loan now. @Creator that's what you believe. many backers including me don't think so. just refund my money. I don't need this trash anymore. Error no, you said yourself that the version you had wasn't ready as a mass market release. Also funding is to deliver a product not to set up a company so you are in breach of KS TOS. I backed the project you pitched - a few UI issues to finish off and hardware production. Not a hey we have an idea please fund software development and it'll be more than a year to do so. You have aabout six weeks to ship to everyone and then you'll be in breach of CES competition rules. You can not redefine history to suit your storyline!!! REFUND NOW! An unstated Fact is that CGC cancelled the Lima project that we funded and started a new one that has the same name and does something similar with different hardware and software. So, the backers dollars should have been refunded or backers should have been given the opportunity to opt-out of the New project. This did Not happen. Another project I backed did something similar (similar in that they changed the scope and features of the project we backed). They were Honest! They did as they should... They asked backers if to opt-in or opt-out of the changed project. Their actions reflected good ethics. This is NOT what CGC did - they threw ethics to the wind and disregarded all the laws and Kickstarter rules and did as they pleased - that is where we are now... Project leaders (I will not give them the benefit of the term "manager") that are acting as though they need not be concerned about laws nor Kickstarter rules. Sadly, Kickstarter hasn't the balls to do something about it. So, we backers are getting the 'fid' without the benefit of lube. In one of the comments they made (might have been a reply to a comment) they admitted to canceling the initial beta test after finding serious bugs, which is why the re-wrote the software (yet again) to strip out features so that the beta testers are only testing a very small subset of the promised features. Well that's just fiiiiine. Not even a "hey! Yeah I was a beta! It exists!". It'd be a start. @ ozy They said they're rolling out multiple groups in separate stages. From experts to "non-techy" persons. (That's an actual quote lol) I find a new term for an neo-investment that we did. EYES WIDE SHUT (EWS) INVESTMENT Hope you like it. And the current 50 betatesters had to sign an NDA so we get very little feedback Check out updates 32-34. They ended up halting the earlier beta test, and starting a new round from the ground up. No comments made about it being cancelled. August same year stated first round of results. LOL! They canceled that round of beta testing, and started over in December. My 800 statement was pulled from the July 18th 2014 update. 800 signed up worldwide @mehmet This is controlled under some law: This is a bait and switch scam. They accepted money for one clearly defined purpose, and then spent it on something else entirely. They may have also committed fraud when they used false terms to describe the project, and the initial project's state. They claimed 100. They have stated that 52 beta testers actually have devices, none of which are testing Linux or Windows (evidently the windows code has not even been completed enough to beta test at this point). @ Merjin Yeah, when the announced the opening of the initial beta, they claimed 800. My question is, where are they? If anything Lima should be having them give testimonials. Okey if everything goes well, then we are investors, right. So think about a real investing scenario, you are now in Silicon Valley and invest a newly startup. You offer to invest 1 million dollar to the company. But the guys says that 'they accept your money only if you have no control on the spendings, manufacturing timeline and moreover they insist that there is a probability that they can invest to another company with your money. WILL YOU ACCEPT THAT? Come on! You are not investors as investors have some privileges and rights. To illustrate they can track their money, they can test and see the products and get detailed presentations AS THEY SIGN CONTRACTS WITH THE COMPANY THAT THEY INVEST IN so they can guarantee let's say try to gain to control on their investment. So tell me about these project. Where is the deadline controls ? Where is the detailed reports that tell us where god damn 1 million goes? COME ON! YOU ARE NOT AN INVESTOR. This is a new thing that need to be defined and should be covered and controlled under some sort of law. @sean: 800 betatesters? Did I miss something? @ ozymandias No neglect was made in my statement with the analogy. The correlation between similar designs and final product was the goal. As this is my only way of communicating with you and our exchange is over a device we are both (yes both) "irritated" ( use whatever euphemism you prefer), I have no way of knowing your personal experience or knowledge with this field. Judging from your crafted response neither of us have time or patience for "troll slugfest" on a message board. Yes, they have to use the funds for the development and creation of the Lima project. You may have missed when on June 4' 2014 they stated they raised money (separately from KS campaign) from "Partech Ventures" & "American-European fund". Being they were funded 2.5 million from them (given, if the statement is true. I cannot refute or deny any claims to the contrary), the money we funded should not have been used for general carousing around the world. Given your statement being true, you are beyond justified at being angry! But also one voice of the reported 800 beta testers. You never received what you pledged for, then by all means fight back! Report them to KS! Do what you have to. But you have no hands on experience with the software. That's what I'm looking to hear about. You are righteously angry you never received what you paid for. And keep on fighting for it. So if any from Lima reads the boards, step up and sort through the mess. We are the people that will either deify your product, or vilify you depending on how you treat us here and now. I'm sure a majority would like to hear from those who've gotten their hands on it and used it. Some of us would like to have their faith rewarded. If this project only existed on paper I would have never backed it. I backed a nearly complet product. Not long after the project was funded they went back to the drawing table. Since then they have missed every deadline en even restarted the betatest-fase. I'm not commenting that often because I really don't care anymore and wrote it down as a loss. Maybe that changes if I ever recieve a Lima. Till then I have more fun with the Exploding Kittes game on KS. @sean "Difference between iPhone 6 and 6s isn't THAT much, but small improvement are made. " You are ignoring the important bit -- this project would have been to fund the MANUFACTURE or the iPhone 6, and *NOT* the development of the iPhone 6s, to use your analogy. The risks and obstacles for the two different projects are very different. I was willing to accept the risks inherent with the manufacturing process, but not the risks of manufacturing PLUS the risks of a full development cycle, PLUS the delays inherent in scraping 2 full years of hardware and software development. "Your argument sounds as your more upset that the "Lima" wasn't delivered within the promised time frame." Let me restate then: My argument is that the project, and risks, I agreed to back is *NOT* the project, or risks that my money was used to address. When Lima decided to change the scope of the project, they were obligated to allow backers that did not wish to accept the additional delays and risk of failure to back out. "they can use the funds in any manner relating to the development and completion of the project." Sure -- and what they did is NOT towards the completion of the project. The original project does not state anything about scrapping everything and starting over. The original project very clearly is a last-mile manufacturing project, not one to fund a start up company, redevelopment of the project, vacations and conference attendance, purchasing awards, etc. "Show me the project itself is not working, tell me your actual experience with the device before I do." Well, there is another rub. Despite the hardware being done, despite Lima claiming to have 2 separate working versions of the software, despite already paying for shipping, despite being told I would be a Beta tester, and despite the fact that the backer-tier I paid for states I would be getting one of the first devices, I still have not managed to get a device yet. My 'experience' with the device is that it is pure vaporware, created by a company that cannot be bothered to respond to customer inquiries, and is unwilling/unable to follow through with the project I backed. @ ozymmandias Projects take many forms. Even in the beginning, was stated that devises are being manufactured. Plans and designs change to account for new hardware, better overall design, function at that level. Nothing overtly devious with that. Manufacturers often have suggestions at that stage. Ok. They may change designs but the project and product are the same. Difference between iPhone 6 and 6s isn't THAT much, but small improvement are made. Doesn't mean it's no longer an iPhone. With updates showing beta testing along with backer updates (if your reading this beta testers, honest and candid comments on your experience would be welcome). Your argument sounds as your more upset that the "Lima" wasn't delivered within the promised time frame. They did say that they're "confident we can complete the programming within the next 6 months". So Ace code monkeys they are not. As for your argument for the use of funds. It's stated in the agreement (try building your own project sometime, you'll see it from the other end), as long as the project is developed and delivered, they can use the funds in any manner relating to the development and completion of the project. There in does lie the catch. A crappy project shows signs or serious neglect of capital allocation. Hence I'd like to hear from the beta testers if everything is above the board, and working as advertised. My opinion is open to change. Show me the project itself is not working, tell me your actual experience with the device before I do. REFUND NOW! @Sean There are several problems with your post. The biggest, and most important one, is that while we are indeed investors, and should treat it as such -- so should Lima. They described one project on the project page -- one that was factually incorrect. They convinced people to back using lies and false information. After they collected the money, they decided to announce that they were scraping large portions of the project as described, and would be using the money to start a new company, and start a new product. The project we invested in was a nearly completed device that simply needed to be manufactured. They decided to scrap 2 years of hardware and software design, and start over. Instead of giving us the project we backed, they decided to use the money to fund a company. The issue is not the delays -- it's the lies, the fraud, and the outright scam. Yes, we *ARE* investors, but what I was investing in was *NOT* untested, was *NOT* developing. It *WAS* new -- because I backed the manufacturing process. If there had been issues with the manufacturing process, that would be one thing. The flaw with your argument is that the issues and delays are not, and never have been a result of the manufacturing process. They are a result of not having the software to the point they described *PRIOR TO THE PROJECT ENDING*. The physical devices have been manufactured. The shipping has been paid for. They are *FARTHER FROM COMPLETION OF THE SOFTWARE* than they stated they were before we gave them money. You should read the terms of service as well. The second that Lima/CGC announced that they had no intention of following through with the original project, they owed refunds. Yes, they have a timetable for 'something' -- just not what we backed. What we backed was ready months ago (even after they decided to redesign the hardware from the ground up). Guys, we're not customers. We're investors. In a project, that's new, untested, and developing. You want something off the shelves ready to roll? Go to best buy or target. You want to help a brand new product be developed and given form? Then treat everything you do on kickstarter as you would if you where playing cards for money. You make the best decision you can. Things won't always go on your timetable, and sometimes they fail. Yes, I've backed other projects, over 2 years and still waiting for them. I backed this project cause I can get an awesome device, before anyone else, and at a steep discount for helping it develop. It's not a store, stop treating it as such. And please read your agreement that you scrolled through when you signed up for KS. As long as they are developing with an actual time table, and make every attempt to develop and make the product. Refunders are SOL. Then don't come here, you don't get how this is supposed to work. Shop elsewhere meetlima is a french company, formerly known as "Forgetbox" ( funny.... ) It's identification number is 538 742 669, and they fall under the jurisdiction of Paris. The email for fraud repression is <email> Their CEO is Séverin Marcombes. Do like I did, drop an email to the fraud repression services pointing out the illegal activities. At some point refunds will be made ( if not fines and/or jailtime ). Ignoring the refund demands is criminal, it is in direct violation of the contract you sign with the investors by running a project on this platform. REFUND NOW! REFUND NOW! Any news about shipping? Another day - same demand REFUND NOW! Hi everybody. You can file a complaint about Lima to Better Business Breau. Here is the link <url>"This project was successfully funded on September 8, 2013." LOL We are in 2015... if you cannot deliver at least give the options to get a refund... I don't want my Limscam anymore REFUND NOW! @BrianS: Yep, as I said - AdTrap is pretty good hardware that should be repurposed toward something the processor was intended. Shield may not have announced AdTrap-like features and may not. However, the hardware is well suited for such as a previous version of the chip was performing over 1Gbs throughput of protocol detection and application detection with the Linux 'Top' reporting 0.3% utilization on the Linux core (meaning that there is headroom for doing more in native Linux (UserModeLinux) or drivers/services. @fmotta, I suppose the adblocking portion of AdTrap could run on anything else, and BluePoint certainly made some noise about possibly having such a version (in the form of a corporate-type system.) The forums are empty these days, however. From what I can see, however, Itus is going more towards being a hardware antivirus and malware filter, stopping infected files and pages before they can even get to the user's machine. I understand that ads are a potential vector for this, and that by default this is going to block some ads, but that doesn't seem to be Itus' end goal. I backed AdTrap as well. It's neat, but it broke my network configuration and isn't reliable enough to replace my SOHO router. Since FF, Chrome, Opera, and Android all have good adblockers these days, I find it easier just to install that at deployment and let it run. Here, Here. REFUND NOW! REFUND NOW! @Brian: AdTrap is an application that can run on 'Shield". Adtrap cannot perform the depth of deep packet inspection as Shield can (at least as fast as we'd want it). Something about using a processor that was designed for networking and packet inspection/processing for the purpose rather than a general-purpose processor seems to matter (BTW: I backed both and my AdTrap is a decent piece of hardware to use for an application that the SoC was designed for.) Most people that bother commenting want refunds, but Lima/CGC ignore our reasonable requests... I want a refund, thanks. *block ADS from known sources A device that blocks a single ad would be quite useless. @fmotta, I've been looking at Adtrap vs. Shield (iGuardian) - they actually appear to be doing two different things. AdTrap was designed to block ad from known sources. Everything else was passed, regardless of it's payload or intent. Shield appears to be designed to be a hardware antivirus device. Where the firewall blocks unknown incoming requests, the Shield blocks known malware and virus attack vectors. I can't find anything on the website about adblocking. Shield is an interesting piece of kit, but decently smart browsing practices and a good firewall will do most of what it does. I can see it being more of use in a corporate environment where you get lusers clicking on every "OMG N00DS" email that happens to get by the filer. Both the AdTrap and Shield are only good as long as they have some remote support - the minute those remote feeds go down the devices are worthless. <url>"innovative" should not be practiced by neophytes. Snooping is what idiots do to drive intelligent people away and why so many people are wanting private storage rather than being googled (aka snooped). If Lima is targeting those intelligentsia then they are mixing their intent (along with their every-more-confusing and misleading messages). If CGC wants to give the perception that Lima is safe/secure toward the continuation of the idiots giving their information to unknown strangers (ala google and others) then they are selling to the wrong target. It allows them to snoop in violation of the claims they made previously. All it really does is negotiate firewalls -- if both ends of a sync are behind firewalls, you can connect to their server to broker a connection. A more appropriate solution would be to provide a list of required ports -- but Lima is too 'innovative' to do things the correct way. Since I don't like the idea of a CGC server in the middle, is there a way to run my own server (on a raspi or something) that does exactly what the CGC server does? What is so special about their server? BTW: What I described is pretty much "by rote" and rather pedestrian information for anyone that is developing such applications. I wonder how much education I just provided CGC for free. Technically, they describe it as "streaming" the content vs "downloading" it, but given their tenuous grasp of how this stuff works and their willfully deceptive descriptions of it I would not put too much stock in one vs. the other. @Merijn: Yes, I know that - you know that - the marketing shite says otherwise. Continual misrepresentation is the primary product of CGC. Now, on to more privacy points... With one of the "cloud storage" systems out there the metadata is stored on the manufacturers servers. On Transporter it is kept on each node with the Transporter app (or a transporter). Metadata is an abstraction for "some information about the subject that is interesting or useful". Part of the reason I dropped the hard disk company's storage and why google does not have my data is because of the lack of transparency in what information is kept in the metadata. "interesting or useful"... to whom? To a company that sells information everything is interesting and useful. The sole information that the clearing-house "cloud" system needs to retain are: - Authentication information - routing and SSL/IPSec information used to make direct connection to the actual drive(s) 1) The user contacts the clearing-house (by some action or choice) and gets authenticated. 2) The clearing-house provides the routing SSL/IPSec information to the user (all inside the app) 3) The clearing-house is no longer involved and the app connects DIRECTLY to the storage device. Once the above 3 steps take place then metadata can be transferred directly to an authenticated node from the storage device and None of it is visible to the clearing-house. One of my customers went as far as to have a second authentication that the clearing-house does not get that is used for a secondary verification that it is Not the clearing-house asking for data. This secondary verification 'key' is provided directly to the users device and kept in their IKE keychain so that the clearing-house does not get involved in the key exchange. @fmotta: only metadata is being synct with your phone. If you want to open a file on your phone you have to select that file and download (as far as I understand from the video's) @CGC/Lima What if I put a 1TB drive on my Lima and then store a 18GB file on my laptop... Since there is no 18GB space on my phone then *HONK* FAIL. Stop over hyping your vaporware. I am compelled to repeat... A company that has offered fewer truths than lies is the last "developer" of an app that I want to run on all of my devices and have access to my files. And, No I do not use Symantec for the same reasons (well, except they started out legitimately and made useful products for a bit to establish trust before abusing the public). REFUND NOW! <url>"Please contact the Internet Crime Complaint Center (known as IC3) to file a complaint against this entity. www.ic3.gov) I followed up with the Delaware Attorney General, and they stated now "our investigation revealed that this company is not physically located or operating in the State of Delaware"... @ozy, Sure. That's how all the cloudy services work. Load a file somewhere, give a secure link to download that file. It would be nice if the NSA^H^H^HGoogle would allow you to put large files in an email, but that's not going to happen. @BrianS, Pretty sure you 'send' the files, by giving them a link to the files on your Lima. Just like Google Drive, DropBox, etc. The 'sending' is clearly a lie, since they will always be limited by network speed. If you could invent a technology that could send a GB of data over dial up in a second, you would not be running a scam on Kickstarter. @fmotta and if they are going to keep repeating the lies, I am going to keep asking them for clarifications. @ozy, When the project originally came online, it looked as if you could use it like a 'share a large file' type system: "Sending all your holiday pictures takes only a second Ever needed to send hundreds of pictures to a friend? With Lima, we invented a technology to transfer files instantly. No matter their size, no matter their number. That’s also part of our job to simplify storage." It's really my fault for not digging deeper into what they are trying to accomplish. In the meantime, It was easy and cheap enough to pick up a couple of Synology DS111 units, install a sync client, and mail them to friends with instructions of "Just plug this in." For a few bucks a year I have my own private backup network. Everything on the drives is encrypted, so I'm not worried about anyone getting my old emails and cat pictures. @ozy: CGC already skirted that issue with a non-answer... I forget what form of marketing drivel they provided. @CGC/Lima/whatever you call yourselves today: If 'every' folder is synced, how do you keep the various operating system directories from various devices separated? @Laura: CGC/Lima are a bunch of sales people without skilled staff trying to sell something they are incapable of creating... Their Market research (if any) was probably done with the first revision of Transporter. But, give them a break... they are evidently idiots and we need to help out the handicapped. @Hans @The CGC team - Lima's comment on Transporter only syncing one folder is not true. You can sync your documents, music, pictures, desktop, etc. with Transporter. I backed their project and use the Transporter everyday (it works great btw & they keep improving it on a regular basis without my having to pay any more money). @The CGC team maybe you should consider doing a few minutes of research before you make up something about another product that actually shipped on time and has a track record of working. @ozy: I have been video/audio capturing the 'Story' video ever since another project changed their pitch in the video. Sadly that was after CGC recreated theirs. @Noelix: The sole differentiators I see between Lima and Transporter are: 1) Transporter exists and has been fielded for a while 2) Transporter is built by seasoned professionals who have experience in True Enterprise applications (aka Drobo) 3) Lima is still nothing more than words. Oh, and forget about using the Lima on more than one Windows PCs, or more than one android, or more than one iOS, or more than one OSX machine. Since it syncs 'everything', that includes important system files... I hope their software is smart enough to prevent the installation on a second machine... @KC clearly they will sync the entire drive. They say 'everything' and syncing the entirety of every drive attached to a computer is the only way to do that. @Noelix I would not hold your breath -- they like to lie to people tell them they are in the beta. Christophe is also the worse support agent I have ever worked with. He often takes *weeks* if not *months* before he bothers to respond. "...meaning you don’t have to think about moving files into one specific folder..." -also meaning it won't sync anything (much less "everything") unless you put it on the desktop or user documents area. God and CGC both know that people never create or store data anywhere but there... "Long story short: whereas Transporter will create only a single folder on your computer, Lima will synchronize every folder on your computer meaning you don’t have to think about moving files into one specific folder." So it's really no different than setting your transporter directory to C:/... or your dropbox folder to C:/.... that is, of course, assuming it's ever released for/tested on Windows... "On your smartphone and your tablet, the Lima app will enable you to browse all of your files from everywhere. " In this example, 'everywhere' means 'only from the Lima app -- no other applications will have access to your Lima files' "The main force of Lima... is you don't even realize it's there. " In this sentence, I believe they meant "since you can only access the files via Lima's app, you will get used to using it and forget what it's like to not use the Lima app to access things" "When Lima is installed on your computer, our application intercepts all the input/output operations performed on your files," has two or more interpretations -- one they claim is replacing your filesystem, the other claim means 'intercepts none of the input/output, since you have to initiate all the actions directly from the Lima app" "The hardware device you’ve seen on the video is ready for production." means "by no means is it ready -- in 6 months, instead of delivering, we will scrap the hardware designs and start over".... I can go on and on -- I've had several emails with Lima over this where they try to convince me words mean something other than what the dictionary says they do. All = Some, Entire = Subset, etc. fmota, they are not able to change the project description, though. KS at least attempts to prevent that level of fraud, so Lima is now trying to literally redefine words in the English language to claim they never intended to say exactly what they said. @ozy: Print to PDF and save it for the future like I did :) Also, Dropbox lets you opt files out.... Lima doesn't. And Lima originally claimed to not need to access your files via a special app (you just run the app in the background), but they seem to have gone all 1984 on us and are not trying to claim that they never made those claims (despite them being on the project page, still).... Oh it is *nothing* like Dropbox. With Dropbox, only a specific folder tree is synced. With Lima, a specific folder tree is synced, but Lima MARKS THAT TREE FOR SYNC WITHOUT USER INTERACTION!!! That's some badass innovation right there... @brians - unfortunately Lima described their product as the opposite of Dropbox. In fact, the clearest statements they have made is that it does not work in any way like dropbox. They repeatedly have described it as having a lower-level hook into the operating system. It does not appear to be usable as a mere syncing tool, as Lima has repeatedly removed the ability to selectively sync, and have had scope-creep. It now appears that replacing your filesystem is non-optional to get Lima running, from their descriptions of how it is supposed to run. @KC, Well, it was when it was announced. If it can act as a personal share service, aka Dropbox, it still will have some value. But as far as filesystem replication, BTSync has been doing that pretty seamlessly on my network storage system for a while now. I only have 14TB online, looks like the tax refund is buying an expansion chassis. REFUND NOW! @BrianS -The difference between all of those that have gone before and Lima is that Lima is "innovative." Did I mention it makes your computer bigger? @KC, I see. One of the FablessCo 486SX core boards that were popular in <2010 NAS boxes. I think I still have an Ineo box that uses one of these. @BrianS -The underlying (2009 era) technology: <url>"psychical product " is the absolute best description of Lima possible. Hasan, Like I said, the only reason I asked is because you stated it looked 'finished' -- which does not match up with what anyone else has been saying/showing. @ozymandias, The AG gave you the brush off, then. If you do an entity search on file #5237302, it comes back as Lima Technology, Inc., with a registered agent of CorpoMax. The address for the agent is the same as Lima/CGC. @KC "Bifferboard, baby." Um...ok? REFUND NOW! Hey ozymandias, No English is not my native language, but I can speak several languages fluently. I was talking about physical product itself. If you are talking about "Let us introduce you Lima" - physical"Enjoy this moment. And all the great one that will come" , I have the same package. At this moment, I really don't care about grammatical errors, but I do care about software. I assume we will see it soon. I don't think you should also. We should care when they are going to deliver the softare and now it is gonna work out. Also, I had low expectations. I hope this helps. Hasan, is English your native language? I only ask because the photos one of the beta tester posted of the packaging was far from 'finished' -- there were terrible grammatical and incorrect descriptions of the product on them. If your packaging looked 'finished' that implies that the beta testers are getting a different product. @Brian S, the Attorney General stated there was no filing for a CGC, Cloud Guys Computing, or Lima in Delaware -- or any variation of those names. Hey Guys, Just to give you an update. I wanted to receive the device without software. I recently got the lima. First impressions - Nice packaging, It looks like a finished product, comes with a headset, but I do not know how it works... and without software It has no use. Definitely Lima team could be much much better at communication no doubt about that, but when I hold a psychical product in my hand. It shows something that they are trying to deliver. I am also not happy with lack of communication, long waiting time .They have lots of mistakes and I hope if they want to become a successful company they can read and learn from the feedbacks @BrianS -That is a WANSER-R NAS dongle the Addonics dongle is based on that the Lima is based on. Bifferboard, baby. Did I mention... REFUND NOW! Hey guys, I'm interested in being a beta tester for round two. I'm a heavy Android5-Win7 user. Let me know if you have room for me! @Haemophilic, That's the Addonics NAS dongle the original project was based on. @fmotta, I contacted the Shield (nee iguardian) company, Itus Networks. They said: "One of the deployment modes available at launch includes setting the appliance as a transparent bridge with Snort acting as an inline IPS. In this method, the appliance will be a 'bump-in-the-wire' and will not be using NAT, routing, or DHCP. This sounds like it is what you're looking for." That's what I hoped AdTrap would do from the start. Looks like my meager tax refund is already spent. @ozy, Delaware recognizes them as Lima Technology, Inc. File #5237302. I find it odd that name was used instead of CGC or Cloud Guys or whatever. Just paranoid, I guess. @philmiami, Adtrap is platform agnostic. If you're having issues with it, then there's probably a network misconfiguration somewhere, or you're running into the double-NAT trap. As for Android, root your device and install AdAway. Hostfile blocking works a lot better on Android, simply because it catches things with almost every input method. If you're going to complain about Windows being "Unsecured," let's rant about OSX for a while. The only real reason it's secure is because the excellent *nix permissions system keeps you safe from yourself. As far as I'm concerned, OSX is simply a bunch of NIH code draped over a BSD kernel with a pretty window manager. OSX, however, is leaps and bounds better than OS not X. Remember System 7? It could run itself, slowly. System 9? Memory leaks that made Win 98 (non-SE) look good? Yeah, didn't think so. Some paranoids suggest the only reason Apple went to a BSD kernel is because they were incapable of writing a modern OS themselves. Let's not even start on Apple's inability to get a properly working WiFi driver installed on ANYTHING. As far as I'm concerned, MS supporting systems for a decade and a half, striving to keep millions of lines of code clean without any kind of decent lock down system is Pretty Damn Good. Golf Clap. If Apple did the same thing, they'd just be taking Jaguar out of extended support. @fmotta: AdTrap was an interesting piece of equipment. I have one. It looks beautiful. It's properly powered for the task. I was quite unhappy that it wasn't a transparent proxy, however. It wants to be a router, and it's far too unreliable to do that. Doing double-NAT broke a lot of things on my network, so putting it in front of my router was out. A great device, but simply plugging off-the-shelf software onto a card and expecting it to work without maintenance (or the capability to restore the firmware on a crash) is just not for me. I'm investigating the guardian thing - if it's transparent, then I may invest. Well it's a moderately cleaner form of pickpocketing than they do in Paris, where they tend to throw babies at you @ozy: I think Ashley has it right. And, yes; they did try to be from the States when they started their distraction technique. @ashley to be fair, they pretended to be American when you backed. It was only later that we found out that the Delaware Attorney General does not recognize them as a legitimate business in that state... Ahhh - that's right! It slipped my memory as it's been so long. A device that replicates the experience of a Frenchman picking your pockets so you don't have to go to Paris and have them do it in the flesh. Cool steals your money. That's the only feature that seems to be working at this time... Sorry what does this thing do again? I forget... REFUND NOW! Transporters rock. AdTrap is really a nice bit of equipment - but iguardian is a better solution and far more useful Lima does not exist except in the minds of fools. I like how their updates go to nearly 13k backers, and yet each update receives less than 50 "likes." Meanwhile, there are 4.5k comments on the main project plus hundreds on the updates that run well in excess of 90% negative. Through the magic of paid advertising, the overwhelming negative opinion of this project is somehow relegated to "a handful" of dissatisfied backers and the non-existent, yet already obsolete product is "revolutionary." No mention of Windows Support minus the whole "internally" run-around. No mention at all of Linux distros. No mention of a change log of bugs, so that we, as backers, can see you are making progress. (Not holding my breath on this one) Not a damn thing about release date at this time, you should have shipped off ALL betas, activated them all, and get the laundry list started now. Rather than have ONLY 100 MAC IOS users flunk around with the software. This is not a professional way of handling things, and I for one, like the rest of everyone, demand a refund, or my device so that we can start really testing the limits of this so called "Content Holder". Next time you want to post some shoddy update, DON'T. Get a real PR person rather than Snake-rin. All the lies you spew while telling us the current state of the lima several updates ago in your video still leave a bad taste in my mouth that I backed this wondrous paper weight. WHAT WE THE BACKERS DEMAND TO SEE: -The product in our hands -A bug list/change log -A giant formal apology for being dragged around like we are toddlers because you cannot do proper business -A lawsuit for lying that you are in fact a subsidy of An American Location. (this one will never happen as not 1 of the CGC team has come forth to admit they falsified their location of their "Head office") @Thomas Thank you for your link to Transponder. I didn't know such a product existed already. I ordered one immediately. Why these guys are trying to reinvent the wheel beats me! Well, some money down the drain. BTW Nikolaus, Dan, John, Dries and Sjoer the expert testers according to the last update: why don't you at least write a few comments about your experience. At least for those who are willing to wait another year for a product that exists already. @ Philmiami i backed adtrap too and mine works great on windows and android ..i use a PC running windows 7 as a slave to the home network ..i don't use apple ios ... I really forgot I even put money into this.... I should have waited. I did another thing on kickstarter the www.getadtrap.com it WAS great, but now sits here unplugged because of issues in a ALL MAC and ANDROID environment A LOT of people don't use Winblows for a reason, it's unsecured Same applies towards Android, it's NOT the best in security I don't know WHY people don't realize that Micro$haft Winblows is so 90's.... Android has many many open ports so Google can track you iPhones are to short on storage and too expensive just get the device out to people <url>"With a 2TB hard-drive plugged to Lima, even a small device can feel as if it has 2TB of storage." Hey...wait...you explicitly said in your marketing that you make my small device bigger. Not "fee" bigger. You said my "all my files" would be on my phone. What gives?!?!?! @CGC I don't care why you wasted money on earphones. It's just amusing that you even lie on the packaging about them. @Gianluca Casu man what you say is by far off. Already many ppl have managed to get a refund from their banks. I am one of them Cancel my fucking order. NOWWWWWWWWWWWWWW @martin you are right, either they lied (fraud) or they were honest, and decided to start over and use the money for something other than what we backed (fraud).... It's really damning either way. They committed fraud, no matter how you look at it. Why no word on Linux testers? Why more delays? I'm a developer myself and as such I've got a lot of understanding for the fact that estimating how long something should take to develop is very very hard. But this project clearly lied about the state of progress during the kickstarter campaign and now, more than a year after it was supposed to be delivered, it's not even in the shape is was said to be during the campaign time the way I see it. I think the Lima people should do the honest thing and refund all the people demanding it. If it's "just a few that are complaining" the loss they'd be facing shouldn't be worth mentioning. That's provided they were telling the truth, but that's of course debatable. Lima, Kickstarter, are you listening? REFUND NOW! Please just refund me my money. This has been a huge waste of my money and time. I wonder how much of our money they paid for that article... If it was only 20 complaining, they would happily give us refunds. If they gave me a full refund contingent upon me waiving any right to comment on kickstarter regarding the project, I would. 20 users out of the more than a million dollars they raised, or the thousands they spend on vacations and fake awards is *nothing*. For the French speaking, this came out yesterday <url>"the brain of our devices" is thickwitted. Come on you lying Sons of B*tches. I think we all need refunds or at least; Kickstarter needs to partially refund in some way. This is crazy going into the second year. WTF? Only 8 months away from my second anniversary of waiting. REFUND! NOW! REALLY! YOU OWE US ONE! REFUND NOW! REFUND NOW! @ozy: Getting products made in China is the way of the world! If someone has that challenge then they should move back into Grandmas basement and play vids and live on the dole again. everything. They even admitted to having serious issues getting things made in china... @ozymandias, Why do I get the feeling that they were giving out the wooden headphones at the various expos.. Oddly, the packaging looks exactly like the Lima's. What else did they get made in China? @keith, that was too hard, so they dropped that part of the project. maybe their computers got too big? DELIVERY IN SPRING 2015 is still on there website...LOL Maybe it is time to unify (or even start a union j/k) and have an "Occupy CGC" event! Imagine ~1300 people all asking to actually get what they backed all at once in one place! That'd be a message! OK - that seems a bit unrealistic, but; seemingly more realistic than Getting what we backed from this project. @KC: Yep, they have to spend all that money before it ships or questions will be raised... wait! Isn't that what is happening now? BTW: Severin, how were the escorts in Vegas? Since we paid for them we deserve a trip report at least! @fmotta -You forget that they have made 'amazing progress' with the beta testing program and are going to deliver the 'very best Lima possible' in 'early summer.' Can you imagine that it is taking so very long to get inotify, fswatch, and the other platform-specific file system notifiers to work? This is all in public domain and available free from the web in code form - add some communication channel (like a local port or the like) to a GUI app and then Bob is your Uncle! REFUND NOW! Update #5 added a free ChromeCast device. What happened to that? Did I miss something? How sad? We have kept commenting but nothing has happened on kickstarter side. They took their money, Lima got their money so we? No no no "Some of you post here everyday. Let that sink in." OK, I did. Now what, Dr. Phil? @michael, the text where they claim that anything you plug the headphones into can access lima is clearly not accurate -- that's the point. It's just another case of them being sloppy, and proving that they are careless, and don't actually care about quality -- despite the bullshit claims they make to the contrary. I got my non-working lima last week. And I have to say.....the headphones is the only good thing about it. Even if later on they activate my lima. I have no trust in the device. So $79 for a headphone is over priced . But it works. C'mon folks, don't be willfully ignorant about the headphone text. They don't access your entire music collection, they'll work with any device you plug them into, supposedly like Lima will. It may be overly-conceptual marketing, but it's not the outlandish claim some of you want it to be. Some of you post here everyday. Let that sink in. I don't tweet (or facebook), -not even to salt their French balls. "Lima makes your computer bigger." Strange... Intel EDISON is about the size of a SDcard. It is more powerful than many home PCs not too long ago. We are using smaller and smaller devices by choice. So, what is the intelligent decision to say that a product is going contrary to the trend, the market, and the consumers' desire. CGC/Lima the brainless people who are now failing at the only thing they were showing a mild aptitude for - Marketing. I'd take that to twitter :-D @meetlima needs to know this -- as does anyone that stumbles across their twitter marketing campaign... "Lima makes your computer bigger." I am laughing at myself for giving these guys a dime. BTW: I am Not disheartened - I am tired the ongoing misrepresentation and lack of RESULTS. CGC/Lima have Only represented themselves as shysters who have proven that just about Everything they state about Lima is untrue. REFUND NOW! @KC: "The interns"... You mean 99% of Lame-a? Here is their actual bullshit claim: <url>"All your misplaced trust is in Lima." @Lima/CGC: Stop lieing! Send us what we backed and we can go on - or... REFUND NOW @terry they claim on the packaging, in broken English, that any device you can use them with will have access to your music files on stored on Lima, which is just yet another lie. "each Lima has headphones" for What ..........is this a joke? @CGC "yet the plan is still to deliver your reward as soon as possible" Clearly this is a lie. If that were true, we would have had the devices a year ago, before you decided on a full hardware and software re-write, or you would have shipped the damn devices to everyone when you shipped to the beta testers. Clearly you have *SOMETHING* written, and claim to have enough hardware. SHIP THE DAMN REWARDS. Stop spending money on bags, and shirts, and buying awards, and vacations, and everything else you are doing BESIDES spending it delivering our purchased goods. They are still going to be crap in 12 months -- just pull the bandaid off and get it over with. @CGC Has the traffic through your server been audited by an outside security agency to verify it's security -- and that you will not be able to snoop on that traffic? The packaging questions were not about the shirt -- it was about whether the box the beta testers were getting as as shitty as the retail version will be. Additionally, I backed at a level that stated I would be one of the first to receive a Lima, and was additionally told I would be in the beta test. Since 100+ users have received their Limas -- where is mine? "The beta test program is currently running with 100 backers" Uh-huh...didn't you say you only had 50-some who got up and running? It is a toss up which approach to KS rip-off I detest more: - Ignore and hide (ala Vachen) - Lie repeatedly (CGC/Lima) Both are rip-off methods and neither are legal nor comply with KS TOU. @Jason, to get a refund, you either contact your bank, or your credit card company and explain the issue. Make sure you point out that the delivery date has been pushed back again and again -- the latest delivery was missed. Don't hesitate to call it fraud if needed. I'm a pretty patient guy... But this was funded in September 2013... I haven't received a single thing and updates have been empty promises. I'm confused. This truly has been THE WORST kickstarter project I've ever backed. How do we go about getting a refund?.. surely there's a reasonable and realistic time frame for these projects to be completed? I'm not sure what their plan is long term, but they've basically set Lima up to be a failure even if they do complete a working product. @KC: Amazing progress for Lima==Not getting the clap while in Vegas I can't wait to hear all the 'amazing progress' they have made with the beta, and how they are going to deliver the 'very best Lima possible' in 'early summer.' REFUND NOW! <url>"a new update is coming this week." --MeetLima via facebook. Looks like we have another 14 days or so before we see another stupid video update... They can't be bothered to post an update any sooner. I mean we only gave them 1.25 MILLION dollars. Why should they bother to treat us with respect? Time for a Update I guess In the first week off january the have made some tests with 100 user's. Please CGC Team share with us the results, so we can also loof forward to the delivery off the LIMA to us as Backer Regards Johan Another scammers ' project.. Refund asked, quickly. No more kidding. REFUND NOW! Just checking...nothing...go figure...this supposedly new technology is so dated. Worst kickstarter project ever!!! @Merijn A: "Lima is an innovative technology that is disrupting the cloud storage marketplace. All your files are in Lima." (thank dog mine aren't tho) @CGC: A while ago you stated that Lima needed your servers to function. This was diferent than what you told from the start. You alse stated you would come with a sollution for this in time. My question: what is the status on this? @ozy: If I were Partech I'd be asking the same question... all this time, all that money, all these trips, such a simple product, no deliveries, and worse - No income! I worked with a Sand Hill VC as an advisor many years ago and they would occasionally back such companies knowing they would be grooming and vetting the most challenging resource to find "proven developers" for future investments. Obviously, that cannot be the case with CGC!. Bad investment to say the least. Please refund my kickstarter pledge of $79 made for a delivery estimated by april 2014. Copy of this demand has been issued to governmental fraud offices in france at : <email> Merci de me rembourser mon investissement de $79 pour non respect des termes de services , copie de ma réclamation a été transmise à la répression des fraudes à l'adresse suivante : <email> . vos services étant en france, cela devrait aider à vous RESPONSABILISER Guys! Any update? You got funded in September 2013, it shouldn't take this long. I must admit, I am curious to see just what Partech invested in. I know its not Lima... New title for this 'project' Lima: The Bait For CGC's Current Scam REFUND NOW! @Trianta: Grats! - I wish I could convince my CC company to return the ripped off funds I erroneously entrusted to these shysters. @Trianta - Gratz! Glad to hear it. Fraud needs to be treated like fraud. guys after following ozy's advice I finally managed to get a charge back from my bank. Thanks ozy. You have a beer from me anytime you pass Rome Italy. Refund? Almost 17 months now! Spent your money on all the backers. Were all waiting too long. Look how exhausted he looks. Can't even find time to shave his peach fuzz... @ozy: He was too busy partying and "marketing" and got burnt out spending our backers dollars in Vegas. I wonder how many Limas were purchased by the Vegas escorts... Looks like they are too busy marketing their new company on some french radio show to find time for us. I wonder how much of our money was used to buy *THAT* promo... @lima how about an update? or at least responding to the valid concerns raised in the comments here? <url>"all" and "entire" being used repeatedly. Yes, we understood that 'replacing the filesystem' was hyperbole, however, the rest of the project description makes it clear that they are describing being able to access your app without going through a special app -- yes the app might have to run in the back ground, but they explicitly state you don't need to use a special directory or application to access it -- that any app can access the data directly. The one thing I don't understand, is that you and I knew from the beginning, that the "replacing a file system phrase" is indeed just a term, and I think we all knew (I did) that they never were gonna replace the file system like building a new OS. The thing is that they are trying to build this system, where your computer is the central hub, with every file and folder in it (which are actually on the Lima device) instead of on the pc itself. But in order for you to get you to the files on your device, you need a door, the app is the door to all your files and folders, from desktop to movies, to music to documents. That's the difference between Dropbox and Lima, you don't have to put your actual files in the Dropbox folder, you can just leave them where you saved them in the first place. And open them with your (A lot like Dropbox) "door app." Just received my Lima 3mins ago. Haven't opened it yet. Im not in the beta tester program. Im in the "non-working lima". I'll do an unboxing video tonight. "The main force of Lima... is you don't even realize it's there." Lima replaces your entire file system. All your lies are from Lima. All your files are in Lima. Basically they promised things that they now have no intention of delivering, and are trying to pretend like they never promised to deliver it. They think that they can change the definitions of the words retro-actively... Yep, that is what happens when idiots are given the freedom to come up with marketing terms for something they do not understand. it is akin to saying cell phones can change the weather just because we can see weather reports on them. Really, this project is not all that and a bag of chips. It is an off-the-shelf product with some Python code to add some features - SHIP IT. If it is not that then REFUND since that is what we backed. @hakkert re: the filesystem -- the reason he asked that is that Lima stated that they replace the filesystem several times. @hakkert they repeatedly contrast the Lima app with Dropbox, and say they do not operate the same way. What you are describing is exactly how the dropbox app works on android. @Fmotta you clearly know more about software/hardware development then me, so i won't be able to test the stuff you mentioned earlier. My file system is the same, the drive is formatted as Mac OS Extended (Journaled). Which haven't changed if thats what you mean, its just some piece of software running in the background, nothing more, nothing less. @ozy Since i don't have an android device, I can't check it, but i t believe both the apps are the same. I think the product page does describe the progress i've just mentioned from the start (scroll all the way down): "On your smartphone and your tablet, the Lima app will enable you to browse all of your files from everywhere. You’ll be able to display all of your pictures and videos, to open documents, and to listen to your entire music library. Everything will be there. That's super practical to review or share your files on the go. As all of your devices work together, the pictures and videos you’ll take with your phone or your tablet will also appear in your computers right away." It clearly states the lima app will browse all your files, not that the lima app only reads/writes/syncs while you open the documents with other apps. Which would be almost impossible to do on IOS devices, given the fact that they don't have an open file system with folders en such to crack into. I only talk about IOS/Mac OS because that are the only systems i work with. so i wont be able to answer your questions about windows machines. I can only guess it works exactly the same als on apple stuff. For that matter, what filesystem is your windows machine using? How long did it take to do an in-place reformat? REFUND NOW! @Hakkert: The file system on my mac is HFS+ built my Apple. It is formatted Mac OS Extended (Case Sensitive, Journaled). Is that the same as yours after installing Lima? The project page makes it clear that you wont need to navigate through a special app to access your files -- it 'replaces the filesystem' -- any app on your phone should be able to read/write the files, and the lima app does the syncing transparently. iOS/Android are not described in special terms on the project page -- they stated that every device you run the Lima app on will work just like how you describe it working on your Mac/Windows machines. @ozy Wont know about that one, sorry. You're making some wrong assumptions here. Let me explain: Lima is indeed replacing the 'file system' of your mac and windows computer. The personal folders you see (my documents, my videos, my images, downloads folder etc.) are actually on the lima device and not on your computer, its more like a mirror. but all the folders ar indexed so you'll be able to search them, edit them, set them for offline use, etc. etc. All your other files (like program installations will stay on your computer). so far you will not need a special app to access the files on your pc. But in order to get to the folders on my iphone and ipad (the same, my documents, my videos, my images, downloads folder etc.), i will need an app, which is obviously needed, cause how on earth is it possible for me to acces the files on the lima? But the other way around works without any uploading. My images and video's are automatically added to my lima drive. So, the app on my iphone and ipad is therefo much like the dropbox app. But there is no app i have to use on my computer. The whole infrastructure behind it, and the way it works on your computer will be quite different. so, to answer your question, their not lying about the way will work. *note, at this stage of the beta phase, i have a beta folder where i can sync some of my documents to the lima device in order to test it. So at the moment, there is no unification yet, that will come at the next stage of testing. but even with this folder, i don't have to use any software at all. @hakkert thanks for the screen shot. If you had a 1GB text file, and changed 1 line of the file, will 1GB of new data be transferred, or 1 line? So you are saying that they are currently lying about how the iOS app works, at the very least? They stated in the project description several times that the entire 'file system' will be replaced, and that you can access any file. In fact, they went so far as to point out that Lima was different in that you did not need to use a special app to access your files, or to sync them. You are now saying that this is not an accurate description of how it works -- and in fact used the exact opposite comparison, saying it *IS* like dropbox... @DrJHolc I never funded a startup company. I funded the manufacture of the Lima device. Anything else is misuse of funds -- and fraud. @merijn I will. thank you. I'll download a movie for you, I'm having a busy evening schedule the coming days, but i'll try to give you feedback on that later this week. I'm curious myself too! @Hakkert: Please continue sharing your Lima experiences. Question: can you try uploading a movie using a laptop, size around 1gb, access it on your phone and cast it to your tv from your phone using a cromecast. Is this possible? And if so, what is your "feeling" about the speed of it all? @ozy, Yes you can: <url>"some time" when uploading a large file, and what is the filesize? Hi guys, just to let you know. My Lima is up and running and I'm testing it with some of my files. I have a full time job and have a lot of meetings during the day. Although the beta version of Lima works a lot like Dropbox, it's nice to know my files are on my own drive. I've talked to the team and they gave me permission to talk about the software. I'm a IOS and OS X user. Let's start with OS X. The installation went pretty smooth, I made a mistake of installing the software first, (the box told me to do it the other way around). that caused some problems, I was able to fix it quite fast! The files I put on the Lima drive are quickly transferred, which means I'm able to see them on my iPhone and open them. Pin and unpin them for on and offline use. And also the other way around. All my pictures and movies from my iPhone are automatically uploaded to the Lima drive, and I'm able to cast them to my tv using chromecast or open them on my computer. There are some UX problems, large files take some time to upload (of course). At the moment there is no status bar or what so ever, so you can't see if the files are done uploading or not. So the team is busy finding a solution for that. The IOS app however is very clean and easy to use. You're also able to open files from the Lima app in another app like iBooks, Dropbox, mail etc. I use the search function from my MacBook a lot, and it's nice to see all of the files on the Lima drive been indexed and shown. There are some more minor UX details and bugs found by the beta users. The team will fix a lot of these things in the next beta update, which will come this week. Questions? Try me! I'll try to update you along the way. MORE DECEIT NOW! REFUND NOW! PLEASE REFUND! Hakkert not yet. I can technically do that -- but it requires filing a fraud report, and cancelling my card, and reissuing it under another number, which is a huge pain in the ass Fair enough, everybody has his own line. Question, Did you get a refund from your credit card company? See, I paid $79 to back the project described on the project description. When they decided to use that money to the start the entire development cycle over, and start a company, touring the world and taking vacations and going to conventions, I got upset. When they decided to start being rude to customers, missing every single self imposed deadline, and started getting caught in lies, I decided that I no longer wanted any part of this project. Unfortunately, despite the law, and the Kickstarter terms of service making it clear that they owe refunds, they wont give them. They wont even respond to emails about the topic. Have to agree with you on that. I think CGC have been stunned by their own succes, and with the amount of money they raised came also a lot of extra work and extra responsibilities. Maybe I'm to much of an optimist or a believer, but i truly believe they are getting this right, step by step. The device maybe outdated, but hey, i buy also a new iphone every 2 years. Its not the hardware but the philosophy of the software which I'm excited about. I understand a lot of you guys just want your money back, and are maybe right. But i paid 79 dollars not just to get a device, but also to help each others dreams come true. Thats what kickstarter is for me, a way to have faith in someone i don't even know. but maybe i'm to much of an romanticist. haha. My only problem with it is that in the extra *YEAR* they have had, they *still* seem to be cutting corners and having quality control issues. The wording on the packaging is one of the easiest parts of the whole project to get right. If they are not bothering to even proof read that -- why should we believe that they are taking any sort of care with any other parts? As a non native English speaker, it doesn't bother me personally. And I've received a lot of kickstarter projects in a plain non commercial box, so this is already a step forward. Of course, it is sloppy, but right know I'm happy to test the device itself. I also like full transparency myself. But this is Lima's choice of handling things which I accept, because I want this project to work. Oh, and as to the NDA -- isn't it strange that they are trying to hide so much from their pre-purchased customers? There are several 'mistakes' on the one image you shared already... @ozy The quality of the package is actually real good, except for the earbud mistake. Could have seen myself pick this one from a store shelf. Cant tell you about the software. NDA. REFUND NOW! Bring back Taybib!! Lol @hakkery is the shitty quality and cut corners of the packaging representative of the software/hardware? You have all the right to feel that way. I'll keep you posted as far as I can. The NDA you've seen is the same as I've signed. So you should be able to know which questions I'll be able to answer. I was in Caïro. Goodnight! -Oh, and one question if you are still reading: To which beta group were you assigned? -which is certainly fine for you to feel, but it does not strike me as a particularly well-founded opinion given the history of this project. It certainly is not an opinion I am going to share without data. Get some sleep, and I look forward to hearing your impressions. *their @KC For what it's worth, I've talked to the guys at Lima and I'm in the beta community, and it gave me a positive look on the product. i understand a lot of you are at least sceptic about this project. Even I was before I got the message of being selected, and maybe I even still am part sceptical, but from what I've seen with my own eyes Lima is trying there very best to succeed. Sure, there transparency an updates on kickstarter are far from the level you expect it to be, but al the hate an scam messages is hard to have an answer on. As far as I've seen, Lima is working hard to prove us all wrong. That's what I've seen, and that's why I I have faith in this project. @Hakkert -May I ask why you are asking us to do this: " if you want some info of the beta tests... please stop this vapourware, scam, bashing, hating scam" The fact that you may have received something and are willing to report on it within the suffocating constraints of a preposterous NDA should in no way be linked to us pretending to be happy about this project. By your own admission, you have not even plugged your Lima in, but you seem to have already formed a positive opinion of the product. So much so, in fact, that you insist we not express our own negative one. Bottom line is that CGC has ZERO credibility with some (not all) of us, and that distrust was EARNED. If you are for real, (despite being an online marketer,) then simply form your opinion based on data and give us what data you can so we can do the same. Yes! I have my package at home, so expect some pictures tomorrow! See my profile on Twitter, I've posted a picture there tonight: <url>"And all the great ones to come." -Is a sentence fragment. It seems CGC sucks at everything. REFUND NOW <url>"Let us introduce you Lima" -- missing word? Nah, screw it' it's just a backer. Who cares about quality? REFUND EVERYONE NOW! @ozy: sycophants, neophytes, and marketeers. A combination that is only useful for a good con. Oh, wait - sorry - PERFECT for Lima/CGC! REFUND NOW! @fmotta they also clearly only want sycophants beta testing anyway -- just look at the NDA they made their *CUSTOMERS* sign. Refund now! @ KC (goatCGC) me I am in the Lisbon group... REFUND NOW! REFUND NOW! HaHa! I forgot about my TonidoPlug - yet another field verified low(-ish) cost product that has been out for many years. LOL: As I have said repeatedly... I think I am the Last person they want to have evaluate their product. I know the many ways of using it and ways these can fail when designed by seasoned people who have made many before (intimately - as in I have helped them resolve such problems and am paid to do it full time). Beta groups: Santiago = Thomas Cairo = Taiyyib Berlin = Kelly Anyone else get assigned a group? @Kelly, good luck. You got farther than I did. I was told I would be getting a beta device last year, and then Lima decided to stop responding to my emails. As proof here is the email that I received. Thank you so much for volunteering to be a beta tester for Lima! I’m Marion, VP engineering here at Lima. I am in charge of managing the beta tests, and I’ll be the point of contact between you and our developers. We’ve selected you to be part of our beta testers, and part of the group Berlin. As we’ve explained, we’ll proceed to the beta tests on a rolling basis. The first group to test Lima is the group Santiago. When your group comes along, I’ll come back to you to let you know the details and the way we’ll proceed to collect your feedback. Looking forward to tracking bugs with you! Marion, VP engineering Well I'm in the second batch for beta testing and still haven't received anything. As much as I've been trying to stay relatively optimistic I don't think this is going to happen. Truly disappointed in what has happened. REFUND NOW! When there is less correct information coming from CGC/Lima than mis/dis-information then why would any sane person allow them access to their personal files or even give them more than a throw-away password? The product I backed had no description of dependence upon a server operated by Lima/CGC, was a off-the-shelf device with some Python value-add. That was the extent that I was wiling to 'trust' these guys AT THAT TIME. Now, I would not trust them to provide me their first name (even if they handed me their passport) after this series of untruths they have been providing us. Stop Flying around the world on the backers dime. Either Refund the pledge or deliver the Product. Everything else you type or post is just fluff! Besides, he already faked one video. @patrik That violates the draconian NDA he had to sign -- he would have to get written approval from LIMA -- which means we cannot trust any such video to be unbiased. @Taiyyib Please make an install video (hardware & software) and a video of usage. - with files, file sizes, and file types they have tested 100s of times before? -on a local network, with their own equipment, under controlled conditions? @Josh, did they demo the full product, as outlined in the project description, or the silly sandboxed, crippled product they gave to the beta testers? I'm just here to say that I'm also upset about the long delay but I can verify that they do have a working product. I watched the Lima in action multiple times during CES and the product does work. Now we just need them to get it to all of us. Another turfer bites the dust. Thanks Don :) @Taiyyib, Sorry, if you felt that. But don't blame the people here, more transparency and less tricks from CGC/LIMA could have save you(and us) from a lot of trouble. And you are wrong for "To be honest I'm glad none of the other beta testers are posting anything and I shouldn't have either...". As I said transparency from CGC and allows tester to reveal more could have saved you from this situation, if more testers had revealed themselves you wont be the focus (or the only focus). BTW, a dozens of us don't like and don't want to "keep on waiting...and hating". We just don't care to receive this anymore as it's already outdated from the hardware and we don't trust the software because of the way CGC handle things. We just want our refund, that's all! Sorry for you, if you are truly a neutral backer like us and an unfortunate beta tester who just want to share your joy. But, like I said, don't blame the people over here, blame those that caused all these distrust and hatred. P/S: Test started on 12th Jan (shouldn't it already started on Dec according to last update?) posted on 14th Jan "52 beta testers have already started reporting bugs and providing feedback...". those must be some serious(obvious) bugs. Hmmm... I'll cross out 2015 Christmas to have received a bug free LIMA. So...? REFUND! @Taiyyib if you don't want to be accused of lying, don't get caught lying.... REFUND NOW! Lol!...I love reading this feed..hilarious @Teng Yup, that's correct. The reason being that I've been busy with work and travel after I received my Lima and secondly the Beta test wasn't going to begin until the 12th of this month. That's when we received our beta codes and invites. Hence I waited after to open my box and do an unboxing video and install everything at the same time. To be honest I'm glad none of the other beta testers are posting anything and I shouldn't have either based on the attitude of some of your backers who feed on nothing but stirred up speculation and base their judgements on falsehood when they themselves have the least amount of any true information, neither have a Lima in their hands, nor are they part any beta test group. All I can say to them is keep on waiting...and hating. No more posts from me anymore. @Ha: affected, not effected. :-) Yep, that is part of the 'more.' I love guys who say "Yeah, I lied *then* but I am not lying *now*..." @KC not to mention the fact that he is pretending that the NDA doesn't say what it actually says. He claims that the NDA doesn't prevent him from unbiased comments -- when that is *EXACTLY* what it prohibits. He's an astroturfer pure and simple. Consider the facts: 1) "Beta Testing" has been going for a month now, and so far there is no evidence that ANYONE other than Taiyyib is in the program. No pics, no posts, no lists, nada. 2) Other than announcing he was in the 'Cairo' group in August, Taiyyib has been mute on these forums until 12/29 3) On 12/29 Taiyyib's stated goal is to "restore faith in CGC." -Why? What is his motivation for suddenly turning very vocal white knight? 4) I caught him out lying. There's more, but its not worth the typing. Its the same deceptive shit CGC has been pulling all along. @KS: Yes I also noticed the disparity in the dates and words in the video. But, since I have no agreement (explicit nor implicit) with Taiyyiibb I felt that was something of little concern and am far more troubled by what the slipped into his cool-aid that causes such a euphoric state amid this debacle. I contacted the BBB regarding Lima and Kickstarter (specifically Kickstarter not helping *ONE* bit). Here's how much Kickstarter cares: Hello, It's unfortunate that the Lima project has not yet been able to send rewards to their backers. However, when a creator provides a shipping date for rewards on a Kickstarter project, our site clearly displays it as an estimated shipping date. As these products and rewards are creative in nature and do not yet exist, it is not possible to have guaranteed shipping dates. This backer is correct in regards to Kickstarter’s position in regards to delivery of rewards and refunds. Each time a pledge is made on the site, a notification appears to each user that states, "Kickstarter does not guarantee projects or investigate a creator's ability to complete their project. It is the responsibility of the project creator to complete their project as promised, and the claims of this project are theirs alone." Below this, we link to our Trust Page, which outlines additional details. When a user backs a project on Kickstarter, they enter into an agreement with the project creator, as described in our Terms of Use: <url>’t fulfill their obligations under the agreement. While Kickstarter is the platform for this agreement, we are not a part of it. We do not investigate a project creator’s ability to complete their project, nor do we facilitate refunds or the fulfillment of rewards. This information is publicly available and provided for all users on our Trust Page: <url>"UPS or USPS packaging or box" took a picture of the box and laid on the desk until 01/13/15. Put it back into a white plastic bag, pretended as it was the first opening, took the video, edit the video, upload it to youtube. Then plug it in and start testing it yesterday earliest, then you told us "the CGC team is working hard, just by looking at their promptness at getting back to us with answers and updating the bug log." And I thought I read somewhere you need CGC to get you through the setup for the first time. That must be some tremendous of work within like hmmm...say less than 36 hours? and the Spurs and Wizards that you aren't gonna missed? KC might have dilutions, but don't we all do owing to this project? As I said sorry if this irritates you, just my doubts. Or a refund that I requested twice might cured me and putting less efforts to being dilution. Just so I get my "dilutions" straight, your story is: "I faked an unboxing video yesterday for 'video purposes,' that contained marketing Lima marketing content, but I am a straight shooter." That about right? The ONLY thing you have said that I believe is "(I) will my best so I can help y'all regain trust in this company..." Its your job, after all. BTW, according to your story, you have violated your own NDA: "2.5. not publicize, post or discuss (including on an any on-line chat, blog or message board) ...provided, however, that LT specifically authorizes the Beta Users to...(ii) take a video of the INITIAL un-packaging or un-boxing of the Beta Product" @KC wish I had funds to hire you for being so dilutional and dramatic. Yes I did receive the package on 12/29/14 via USPS and posted a picture of the items received but never opened the Lima box. And yesterday 01/13/15, I thought it would be better if I put them in a plain white bubble envelope and make it like an official unboxing (again) for the video purposes, otherwise it would have been in a UPS or USPS packaging or box. So yeah there are only 2 dates: 1. Got the package on 12/29/14 and posted the picture of what I had received without opening Lima 2. Put the contents in a bubble envelope for the purposes of making an unboxing video on 01/13/15 around same time Spurs and Wizards tipped off. Not sure what part is confusing you. The Lima is now hooked up to my wifi router and being tested between my iPhone 6 and Macbook air. There was no involvement of CGC team or Lima in any of my pictures or unboxing comments and impressions, all was done by me. So kindly stop speculating and spreading uncertainty. Unfortunately, the only person lying to you is yourself. I'm so glad the Lima team is focused and working diligently to get the product out to the masses, albiet a bit late, rather than answering to pessimistic clowns like you. Here is how I know Taiyyib is lying: 1) Taiyyib posted a picture of the Lima box on 12/29/2014 at 16:30 PST here and to Twitter: <url>#comment-8648547 <url>"Spurs and Wizards have tipped off; we gotta see that game..." 4) Since the start of the NBA season in October, the Spurs have played the Wizards twice: yesterday (1/13/2015) and 10 days ago (1/03/2015). Spurs schedule here: <url>"We’ve seen a lot of fantasizing about the fact that our project has changed since the Kickstarter campaign. It hasn't... " I backed a python code based project that only needed manufacturing funds. That was the lie you sold us, not a fantasy we concocted. It's amazing that even now you are so willing to shit on those who gave you money. Grow a conscience. I paid once for a kickstarter pledge, and once for shipping, almost a year ago. How can I get a refund for the shipping that never happened? "We don’t understand why there is a confusion on that point: we’ve always been building the project you backed on Kickstarter and we’ve never changed the scope of it. " Please stop lying. They project we backed was for the last-mile manufacturing, not the 'lets start from nothing and develop an entirely new project from scratch'. I read a comment about a gentlemen who purchased 60 units...I feel bad for folks that invested serious money. I would like to see a bandwagon rider tell him to to calm down. Lima-CGC-nut riders-All a bunch of suckas.. @G Wright -If it were simply a case of being late/delayed, then it wouldn't be a big deal. The anger here is due to the misrepresentations at the outset of this KS, the changing of direction/project without offering refunds, and the wilfull campaign to mislead and string backers along which has characterized this project from start to present. There is nothing to hope for, and nothing to applaud here. These guys are hacks, and if they ever do produce a product I feel very sorry for anyone foolish enough to plug it in. @G Wright scam, or fraud, they still broke the law and misappropriated our money -- and they have no desire to allow anyone to even comment on the condition of the beta devices with that draconian NDA. They are clearly not making any good faith efforts to fix the issues here. As for being in the next Beta group -- HA! I was told I was going to be in the *first* Beta group... and I am still waiting on my device. @G Wright: I use MAC primarily. This has only been a scam as far as is evident to me. No real product has been seen by anyone that can/will show it really. They deviated from the project I backed and went to something else. Since all of these (and many more) conditions exist and I gave them enough lei-way in time that I cannot get a charge back then I vent daily about being repeated and continuously lied to about this project. Lastly, there are often posts on my many backed projects that I dislike. So, I skip over them and move on knowing that free speech is something I strongly support despite hearing/reading things I dislike (most originate from marketing and other politicians). Be well. There seems to be some of the same individuals typing in Caps letters and getting shouty, which doesn't really solve anything. While I am disappointed with the slow progress and infrequent updates, there has been some progress and Lima certainly wouldn't be at CES doing a semi-demo if this was a scam. I've just had a follow-up phone call with the folks in the French Office (as I have their phone number, and they're nice to chat to) as I didn't get a Beta device as I'd hoped. I was advised that MAC users were focused in the first Beta group because there are some outstanding bugs in the Windows App. I was confirmed as on the Beta list and that I should get an update in the next 2 to 3 weeks when they hope to progress with next Beta group and I'll be able to receive my device and start testing. So, yes I agree it's been a slow wait, but the device looks good, the App from the demo install looks good, slick & I hope operates as smoothly as the demo's. Of course I'm not happy waiting, but I'd rather wait and get a working product, then rush it and get a broken products that just frustrates me and loses my data! So b*tching & trolling behind user names in comments accomplishes nothing, chill out, Lima is coming. REFUND NOW! Lima: The marketing company that cannot make a product (no brains nor product involved - just marketing FUD). <url>#comment-8010409 I will be on the phone as long as I have to do I get my money back from these scammers. So over it! REFUND NOW! Exactly. Get a chargeback now, CGC wont even be around much longer. They can't refund any money after all their extravagant ski trips, parties, shiny MacBooks, macs, iPhones and travel to many countries. @James, I've tried to be objective about the whole thing. But I will admit that I really don't know what's going on at Lima's end. There's a lot of pieces but there's two different puzzles, and only Lima can sort out which is which. @fmotta, No problem. I mostly posted the link to reddit becuase I found it to be both amusing and highly misinformed/speculative. If an outsider can't look at this thing and immediately tell what it's for, then I think that points to deeper issues in the process. REFUND NOW! RobertS did you see the IOS version? In all the Demi's etc I have yet to see it. It wouldn't surprise me if it hasn't been done given IOS's restrictive nature. Just curious Thanks, James Roberts good reporting! BrianS you talk a lot of sense. I think the campaign has been terribly executed, mismanaged and will essentially fail in the long run due to the market moving away from them. But I don't think there is any deliberate malice here. I am still super mad about them delaying the beta for CES when the beta was a key milestone in terms of what they have been saying recently. It's vet disrespectful of the KS backers. Thanks, James Well, as we have sadly seen... good media can win... - iPhone is a terrible phone and yet it is the most popular - mostly marketing FUD - ARM processor was no better than the competition yet the won the mobile market - mostly marketing FUD Oh yeah.. REFUND NOW! @BrianS: Thanks for the link. I will not join yet another service to explain how f**king lame CGC/Lima is. I have been in the business that they are *just* entering since 1980. So, they lack credibility in their belief that we do not understand the process of manufacturing consumer electronics with embedded software. CGC/Lima is sub-par in every way except in covering the media. <url>– we’ll see. The packaging and the product (hardware only) look pretty good--just need software now. He attempted to do a demo...but it crashed...that's an 'oops' for sure at CES. But the most interesting part of the conversation was his answer to my question regarding why they decided to completely rewrite and develop the product after their Kickstarter campaign. They knew from the onset i.e. before/when they launched their Kickstarter campaign that the existing product at that time) was not at all ready for the masses and would not be able to be supported in its very infant state for a consumer base - would've been nice to know that upfront, as most backers feel mislead (it was a the 'proof of concept' stage at best). So after the funding, they hurriedly went into full scale development, which of course always takes twice as long - and generally it also takes twice as much $$$. I asked him if they had enough funding to bring the final product to market i.e “you're not going to run out of money at this point are you?” and he indicated they raised a considerable amount of alternate funding. Also, as most have figured out, they are French company with a ‘distribution office’ in Delaware – a seemingly ‘cheaky’ move for the campaign. They appear to have good intentions, but it certainly hasn’t come off that way. These are a very young group of people, so adjust your expectation accordingly. There's a writeup and whine session on reddit, for anyone interested. <url>"almost complete" product this project was for, -that was when it was a scam. I am not sure if that happened before or after funding, but I do know that I don't believe a word that these shysters say. @KC I think, that when funding exceeded all expectations, CGC got a severe case of "OMG LOOKIT ALL THESE MONIES! WE CAN DO EVARYTHING!!!!1!" Cue our friends feature creep, chasing diminishing returns, pie-in-the-sky, and the seductive destructive glitter of a well-funded idea, and you get the project in it's current state. I do think the original ideas presented in the kickstarter are long gone. I don't know that I'd call the original idea a scam, but it's certainly not smelling like a rose at this point. Right now, however, I'm simply <url>"scam" yet, or is there still some residue of faith that the lies and delays have not managed to eradicate? phasmid has provided me with the information about the actual corporate name of CGC. That information was posted below. @ozymandias I'm speaking BOA representative right now, and he says the estimated delivery date is not important, he says initial payment date is. maybe I need to call BOA later again. @Dongjin point out that you preordered a product that was supposed to be delivered by the end of 2014. does anyone get refunded from BOA? I made phone calls several times and was told that they couldn't search my payment record which was 2yrs ago, so they couldn't proceed my claim against amazon, CGC either. REFUND NOW! Can we get a refund. I really don't want the damn thing. Lima Technology, Inc. Incorporated 11/05/2012 DE State file number 5237302 General, Domestic, DE corporation. Registered Agent: CorpoMax. Inc. 2915 Ogletown Road Newark, DE 19713 302-266-8200 "...maybe one of the beta testers who DID receive Lima could respond here..." <url>#1837. That address is just a converted house, but you can see the sign in the yard on Google maps. I fully agree that this company does not appear to exist as an actual Delaware corporation (unless it's hidden somehow because Delaware's corporate laws are goofy.) I verified this myself by searching the corporate entity database that DE provides, and it returned nothing for "Cloud Guys." Granted, it did return a lot of results for CGC and 'Cloud,' but nothing I could put a finger on. I do know that at some point, CGC contracted with Michael Guenther (someone with this name has a website for foreign KS candidates) to begin the process to satisfy KS terms. Where that went is anybody's guess at this point. here is the CNET Ad <url>"Con-Games Cooperative"? @ozy: "Either way, it seems like they are being less than honest." Isn't that redundant WRT CGC? Again, according to the Attorney General, the only business registration they have on file, now, or in the past, with the address that Lima/CGC was using is a mail forwarding service -- NOT this CorpoMax thing. Either way, it seems like they are being less than honest. @loki: I posted something at CNET and cannot see my review. I think they are either blocking me or they are not allowing reviews/comments (at least that I can see). Looks like this is just CGC marketing FUD (their only proven skills). @ozy Yeah, that's the odd part. KS claims that you need to provide a EIN/SSN to open a project, so if there isn't a corporation, there shouldn't be a project. It makes me wonder if they incorporated under some other name. Since CGC has a box number with CorpoMax, that appears to mean they incorporated through CM and bought mail services. There is/was an incorporated entity at some point, but who/what is very questionable. REFUND NOW! @brain but that's the thing, CorpoMax did *NOT* help Lima set up a company in the US -- there *IS* no Lima company in the US that matches the description given. I think refund will be the best, too! I know that I pay for an idea, but not to make some one a millionaire ;) Sigh..My 1st 2 KS projects I backed & both has not deliver. Here's the other: <url>"how incredible" 2014 was and how I helped. Now, not all KS projects go wrong. But yeah, THIS one has. And that email *really* ticked me off. I tried to find a KS contact us email link, and had no luck. (Not that it would make much difference.) So what's a person to do? <url>"friends and family" I meant betatesters 100 backers and still only one who tweeted about is? Bit odd. @James I'll keep Transporter's products on my watch list for 2015. Sounds like there might be something good there. As far as Lima exposing any kind of API, does it really matter anymore? I think the product had a good chance of being useful 2 years ago, but now? Too many other options. REFUND NOW! <url>#comment-8010409 Ozy, I honestly don't think they have created a Kickstarter to make a quick million. If that were the case I can think of better ways of exiting ta KS scam than the way CGC are going about it. If that is the game, then they are failing at that as well. I think the reality could be far worse. They have let their ego's get the better of them and believe they have a revolutionary product which is "worth the wait" and they need to share this revolution with the world at CES. I think they have started believing their own BS and its likely no one will win out of this mess. Rather the product has been outpaced by other things on the market and its becoming less relevant to the mobile platforms as both IOS and Android are building this kind of functionality into the OS now. Not to mention the plethora of options available on the desktop. If I were CGC I would have made a "minimum viable product", got it out the door then poured resource into constant improvements and moving with the mobile and desktop platforms while building out the Lima platform. What I suspect they have done is tried to play catch-up with the market and the tech, but are getting left in the dust. So now, even if Lima is a decent solution, its a decent solution to a problem that existed 12-18 months ago and has largely been solved by the vendors and other products (as we have discussed). It maybe could have been another viable living platform for doing the "cloud" thing... Thanks, James BrianS, Got an email from transporter the other day. They are releasing some new SME type devices this year, I suspect they might include a stand alone option. The improvements I would ask for would be better use of IOS extensions IOS share sheet integration and some API improvements.... In fact log some feature requests. I have noticed the issues you mention with BTSync as well. I really like it though. It has a lot of scope for some cool use cases.... I bet the last thing we get from Lima will be any sort of API support. And I know IOS changes are outpacing their development already so not much hope there either. Thanks, James I have asked for refund and they denied. Someone please let us know how to get refund? Any approximate date of shipping? Its horrible to watch when your money spend on self-promotion, rather than a quality product for the people who made this project became real. @James Andrews I'm sure they could patch it to be a standalone product. I'd rather have that from the get-go, as there's no guarantees that the company won't fold tomorrow, or they decide it's simply no longer worth the money to keep servers running. I understand that's probably not going to happen, but paranoia is strong. I've had other services simply shut down underneath of me for whatever reason, mostly the company in question decided it was no longer worth the time to maintain services. From what I understand about BTSync, it has a tracker and DHT announce, but it can also use a direct connection between peers if needed. So, even if BT goes away, you still have options. The only downside is that the program can't really handle large amounts of files. 220k in a directory eats immense amounts of CPU time and memory. Tradeoffs on everything, I guess. That being said, if there was a Transporter that was 100% standalone, I'd be first in line to get one. I double checked -- the tier I backed stated that I would receive one of the 'first devices' -- so where is mine? It looks like you shipped a bunch of them already. If mine has not shipped, the description of my reward is no longer accurate.... @James Andrews: I use most of the products that have been discussed here: - Transporter - BTSync - Synology NAS - Pogoplug - OwnCloud And several more that are custom built. BTSync is the one I use on my Synology, laptops, workstations, and several others. I create/change on any device and see results on all that share that folder within minutes. It just works and costs me bandwidth (generally pre-paid anyway), and some power (such a trivial amount compared to all the other operations on these systems). Summary for me is that they all have benefits and shortcomings. The best part is that they are all developed, working, finished by skilled professionals. None are built by people who have represented themselves as poorly has CGC has by its continuing misrepresentation built upon a KS project that will never be delivered because it was abandoned in pursuit of a better scam. @Dmitrij they are not in this to sell anything. It's become clear that they made the kickstarter project to get an easy payout and never intended to seel a quality product. They are living off the million dollars they raised -- if/when the product is a flop, they will open up more shell companies and launch a new project -- they may already have done that, actually! @CGC: Should this object ever arrive into my possession then do not expect that I will use it with your software (probably not at all). So, if you have aspirations of changing my opinion of your 'project' by delivering it to me (presumably 2016) then think twice. You have No trust equity and negative ethics points so nothing you make can be considered more than a fraudulent facade to mask some unscrupulous hidden motive. Just refund backers and go with the money you conned out of VCs and GET LOST! REFUND NOW! @Dmitrij Kobozev Speaking of that, they use our money to hire some fancy expensive marketing company to further promote their secret product. Not surprise though, if you don't have a working product, sell it with marketing strategies and won trillions of awards, then money will flow in even nothing is sent out. See marketing contact at the end of the "article". Now they have the same marketing company as Microsoft, Ford, nVidia, eBay, etc. WOW! <url>#.VKayujbF-Q0 Airfoil Alicia Boltach, (248)-304-1453 <email> <url>"claim" your transporter and set up shared folders and whatnot. If that service were to ever go away, goes down, or get wonky update pushed when you're relying on the device, you are out of luck, and no longer have a useful device. I'm not saying this is a bad piece of hardware, but processing power is great enough that you shouldn't have to rely on a remote service to do simple folder creation tasks. The thing that originally drew me to Plug/Lima was the standalone feature. However, things like BitTorrent Sync have come into their own, and I used that to set up a wonderfully transparent sync that keeps multiple copies of my important files backup up across Android, PC, RPi and Synology devices, one of which resides in a disaster-recovery style remote location. TL;DR: Transporter requires someone else's servers. Use BitTorrent Sync. @James, I just emailed them and explained the situation, and they are the ones that escalated it to 'fraud', not me. When will I get my device. Enough is enough. I backed this project in 2013 and it about to be 2015!!! For the record I was waiting to see what happened with the beta to see if there was any positive forward momentum... But that CES/ beta delay update enraged me so much. I just want to see the backers get some compensation now. Thanks, James I think I pay my bank for some legal service that may help classify this. I will call them on the 2nd and see what they say. There might be a case for financial misconduct. I will share any findings Thanks, James Ozy, that's an interesting precedent. Is there any way for the bank to formally identity this project as fraud so that others may follow suit? I also used a debit card. I am going to see if I can get the payment reversed if possible. If the banks agree this is now fraudulent then I guess that would be something! Thanks, James That said, it's actually getting marked as fraud by my bank, and not just a charge-back. I stupidly used a debit card, and not a credit card when I set up my Amazon Payments account, so my options on this transaction are limited. wow, sorry to hear that. Chargeback sounds simpler, but if you are already on a track I guess you got to ride it out. KC, I have contacted my bank about this -- after the holidays I am getting the issue resolved once and for all. Unfortunately, since my bank agrees that this was fraud, it requires revoking and re-issuing my cards with new numbers -- their standard response to fraud. Since Lima agreed to send me a Beta device by the end of the year, I was giving them until the very last minute to follow through with their half of the agreement before I put my wife and I through the hassle of fraud mitigation.... Ozy, Amazon payments is an automatic failure to refund due to timeframe. CGC an automatic failure due to fraud You need to talk to your card issuer and find a person who understands how KS is a pre-paid transaction that the vendor is not honoring. Again, read my profile for detailed information Congratulations Johnny. EVERYONE should file a chargeback. See my profile for detailed instructions I'd suggest everyone escalate their credit card chargeback to a supervisor as they have more power to get things done. REFUND NOW! Oh, so you didn't get Amazon Payments to dispute the charges, your CC card did a charge back. A win for the good guys! Amex disputed the charges with them and I had it escalated to a manager and explained what CGC has been doing. Apparently the manager knows all too well what KS is since he's gotten quite a few disputes regarding projects here. Johnny -- how did you do that? Amazon Payments keeps telling me that they won't even look into the issue more than 100 days outside the payment window. @James -- we can very much make a case -- if we pre-ordered, we are owed refunds after serious delays. If we are 'investors', we are owed a refund due to the fact that they misrepresented the product and company in the project description. This project we all backed was to finish manufacturing, and iron out some final bugs. It was only after the deadline for credit card charge backs passed that they announced that was a lie and they had to start over from scratch. Either way, as consumers or investors, we *do* have legal rights. That's not to mention that Kickstarter is negligent in setting up consumer protections and take action in the face of rampant fraud. I got my refund from Amazon payments regarding Lima ;) It says here on KS to be 'respectful and considerate.' Have CGC been that to their backers? So therefore I FORMALLY REQUEST A REFUND of my funding. Time for everyone to also contact CES and make known the failings of this projects creators. I am sure that despite being paid for a stand and a award, they would rather not be associated with a company that can't provide the product for its backers and be associated with all the negative publicity that CGC attracts at present. It will bring the rest of the show 'down a grade.' Still there must be a few journalists visiting the show who would be interested in the story? I don't believe you can make a case. The best thing to do is keep pushing them for answers and hold them accountable in every public available. I intended on meeting them in London but I couldn't go due to illness, if they come back I will go. I would love to go to CES anyway, but I don't think I will make it in 2015. If I could I would certainly be at their booth. Thanks, James I live in Turkey, I cannot sue them but I would support any action. Btw, I REQUEST A REFUND! Does anyone know of a lawyer who would be interested in taking this case on? We can then independently discuss and provide our details outside of KS comment board to get some action going. Venting feelings on a message board is not going to achieve anything. Start the lawsuit now! These guys have destroyed all faith in Kickstarter and the out of date product they prattle on about is now superseded by products on the shelf. Suggest anyone going to CES should appropriately embarrass them by demanding answers and finished products. They have been living the life on a roll with backers money. They need bringing to heel. I will not back any other KS projects now and KS should recognise the damage these guys have done to their proposition as well rather than sitting back and claiming it is not their problem. There are a lot of disgruntled folks out there who would prefer (but are not going to get) their money back. Interesting... So the innovation award is pretty much 'pay to play' and anyone can enter. However one of the rules is: 'Products entered must be available for sale to the public, for the first time, in U.S. retail outlets or on the Internet between April 1, 2014, and April 1, 2015.' So you will be shipping before April 1st then? Also of note: 'CEA reserves the right to rescind any awards granted to honorees that have misrepresented their product or entry in this competition.' I think Lima is at risk of this. If you don't ship before April 2015 then I personally will lobby for the 'award' to be rescinded. Not that you should accept it in the first instance now. Thanks, James But with the beta delayed they don't do much do they? So CES are going to give you an award for a long delayed product which you have 'shipped' to a few customers in an unfinished, not working state. Brilliant... This is the most cynical move yet. If you accept that 'award' then further shame on you. Thanks, James You had to ship those devices to qualify for that innovation award right? I have a few issues with the process that I have been thinking about today since I saw the post about Beta testing. 1) The product had simulated demos, and timelines all pointing to a release Sept of 2013, can you honestly tell us that you had nothing more then an idea when you started the kickstarter? 2) The device has gone through testing in your labs for QA, and yet your NDA says that these are beta prototypes that have not been tested, and the user is fully responsible for any risk, injury, or loss. 3) The Lima has already been replaced even before it was released. There are other products that came out on the shelves as well as in backer programs that are exactly what Lima is trying to do. <url>#section4 Specifically the following points: "They work diligently and in good faith to bring the project to the best possible conclusion in a timeframe that’s communicated to backers" This has been clearly and demonstrably breached by this totally avoidable delay to the beta, to go to CES. Thus further delaying shipping to backers and not communicating timelines properly. There are other points in section 4 you can argue as well. But to be this is the most concrete and blatant breach of the contract. Unfortunately, all it means is, that legally speaking there is probably a case to answer her. I not sure Kickstarter will do anything about it themselves. But I will ask... Thanks, James @Gloups: <url>"meetups". I would rather you lock yourself in the basement and finish the damn product. I have received an email and replied back from CGC. This is regarding the non-working Lima. I confirmed that I wanted the hardware only. They will be sending me some legal documents before they send my Lima. ".....few backers receive the Lima hardware without the software and before everyone else, so you can confirm to the community the reality and the quality of the product we are building." So now I wait. @Dongjin: Sure - they will either pass it on or ask CGC for an explanation and sent you a copy and that is all I got from reporting Vachen Can we report CGC to IC3? <url>~year). The description of the development problems are representative of junior developers. This new 'product' is extremely late. We have to trust a company that has only lied to us with storing information and access to our data. REFUND NOW! I don't doubt he's another personal friend like Thomas I can understand his enthusiasm. $69 for a cardboard box. It's another cardboard box The first one: <url>"limited edition" first batch ever light blue Lima today. Under the NDA that I've signed. I'm very limited in my disclosures about what I can show and answer, but will try my best so I can help y'all regain trust in this company. From the moment I received my first email about the beta program, Marion has been on top of his game and answered each and every of my questions about the beta program and the device I shall be receiving, the communication has been awesome to say the least. I would kindly request all you patient backers to please have hope and trust in these guys as they will and I'm very certain deliver an awesome product, that will be exceed everyone's expectations. FYI, I cannot comment or share any hardware, software, inner workings, protocols, app screenshots related items. But can certainly run tests based on your use case scenarios, as do keep in mind, it's still in early beta stage. Here is the proof for now <url>"Cloud Guys Computing" is the US name for Lima -- when they seem to be so anti-cloud. @mehmet - no offense was intended. This is what I was responding to: "Come on we are all scammed by us by our minds" I was scammed be CGC @mehmet -- we are all victims of CGC/Lima. No need to pick at KC -- he has not been rude/impolite/aggressive towards you. Yes, there are legal recourses when you are the victim of fraud. CGC is just banking on no one being willing to organize them over this issue, and Kickstarter is making it deliberately difficult for backers to organize by not allowing us to directly message each other. Day 2: I request a refund. @Kc(goattt) I do not say it is our fault. Direct Your impolite way of talking to cgc . I lost my money too. What I am to try to say that there is no way to get your money back as there is no legal foundation for this type of trade. Aggressiveness is a product of upset mind. @dim3m Kickstarter only allows Amazon payments. Since Amazon Payments is refusing to provide refunds or payment disputes more than 100 days out, they are providing the perfect environment for scams -- Kickstarter pretends to protect backers, and Amazon Payments pretends to provide a layer of security, when all they really do is tell a backer/consumer 'tough luck'. Don Gateley makes more sense than the rest of us combined. I just wanted to point out that although I do agree the KS site is fuxxored, I don't believe that it is my own fault as Mehmet seems to indicate. Shysters own the shyst. @Ozymandias. I disagree. The only real scam here is CGC. Amazon is one secure way of payment. If we had to submit our bank card info to CGC. Then we're really screwed. And KS should should be held responsible too. And they should take legal action on behalf of the backers. Even more fun, Amazon Payments is in on the scam. It's the only way to back a project through kickstarter, but does not provide fraud protection or the ability to contest charges more than 100 days after payment -- NOT 100 days after failure to deliver. This means that Amazon payments ought to be guilty, as they know that very few Kickstarter projects are completed in less than 100 days -- basically, they are setting up exactly the environment they got -- one perfect for fraud. Hey, I just got a $500 refund from another project that moved out a year or more. Now that's ethics. @Mehmet: Indeed that is the Kickstarter paradigm. I'm out even more overall and am not only finished with KS but am relating my experience and opinion everywhere and at any chance I get. I urge all to do the same. KS needs to be investigated and prosecuted. If sites can be taken down for copyright violation why can't they be taken down for knowingly hosting fraud? There is no way to get the money back. I am sure they continue to post updates and delay shipping and we continue commenting. I have experienced the same thing at three projects that I backed. The last thing if they couldn't stop negative comments, issuing a refund list. And they generally say that "we add you to refund list, and give your money back if we start to production" . I am telling you the pattern everybody knows but do not want to accept. Uh...sorry, but I am not taking ownership of someone's fraudulent behavior. We are all responsible for what we say and do. It is never the victim's fault that they believed what liars told them. This is my experience: 1) Project creator can delay shipping as long as he or she post updates. 2) you can not demand anything from kickstarter, it is backer's responsibility to follow the pledged money. 3) conclusion, I have lost 150 dollars from the zen dock project, 100 dollars from app muck project and 70 dollars from these Lima projects. So a total of 320 dollars. 4) learn to be happy and stop to think my lost money. 5) please oh damn we are micro angel investor or should I say fairy investors? Try to buy an unfinished, untested prototype for the sake of 20 or 30 dollars early discount. Come on we are all scammed by us by our minds as we pledged all intentionally just for that instinct discount, early bid rewards and etc. so but I can't help myself to back and I know it is unbelievable but I have backed 50 dollars to a coffee brewer project recently. Oh my.. @Felipe -See my profile for how to file a credit card chargeback: <url>#comment-8010409 @derya Cebi, how may I request refund as well? Day 1: They ignore the contact me button, again, like they have been for almost a year. Starting from today, I am gonna request a refund everyday, from here and via contact me button. Day 1: I request a refund. Now they are laughing! Na na na na na, you can't catch me! @WCVjr, I wish they were in DE. I'm in Jersey on the other side of Philly - DE is an easy drive for me, too. But they're not. They just incorporated there for ease of licensing. CGC has even confirmed that they lied about the location of their offices. They are actually in france. That is a shell corporation address. You won't find the shysters home, -they live in Paris. **ATTENTION ALL BACKERS** I have been holding off on wanting to announce this, but here it goes. As you can see from my profile, I live in Havertown Pennsylvania. Conveniently, I am approximately 12-15 minutes from the PA/DE border. We all know that The CGC Team has been blowing smoke behind us for quite some time and its hard to believe anything said is true...Given the headquarters of CGC is located in Newark, Delaware and my close proximity to the location (As you can see here.... <url>" Last login Dec 23 2014 " They log in pretty much every day, and every day they tell use to go to hell by not bothering to respond to us. BTW: REFUND NOW Hey CGC Team, we are all the beta testers! We signed up to be the first ones to use this product. Now deliver and fix whatever is left as software updates. You've already received the hardware! Come on... We all know it! There is no beta - not unless you are a close family member and willing to sign both your life and data away! There was a small period - perhaps three weeks in the autumn, when they were searching for new gullable victims to fund their vacation activities where they fairly often responded here in the comment section. Most likely in some feebly attempt at keeping a lit on their massive failure and unprofessional behaviour (never good to be caught lying again and again to the people who funded you when you are searching for new capital). Now, they have gone silent again... Most likely went on Christmas holiday sometime in november and wont be back until late february when their new funding is completely spent on new iPhones and trips around the world. Oh the hardships of being a startup... If only one had the time to keep your backers in the loop, but spending capital and making up new lies is hard, hard work! @jonas I was flat out told I was in the December Beta group a month ago, and now I am being told I am not in the beta at all. These guys are flat out cons and are saying whatever it takes to delay backers. @ozymandias well look around on some forums .. you will find if you google some that there are a lot of backers that are really pissed of that they have waited for over a year and a couple of month and still havent got any limas. they are looking in to it with lawyers and making a complaint to take them to court. i did not want to join that since i like the product and i want them to succeed but if it takes to long i will join that also. i did get a new answer today and that is that i am not with in the 100 first beta testers that will get their devices shipped now in december. and i can only expect my limas to arrive "We can give you a time frame which is beginning of 2015" was the answer so by that beeing said from them and my expected date was "Estimated delivery: Apr 2014 " when i backed and now its 8 month later with no lima here and not even a date for my shipment so i guess it will be like this.... they say it might get shipped in the beginning of 2015 so lets say "march" + extra 8 month more for more trouble so i might get my limas by the end of 2015 .. i hate to be a negative guy but i actually feel like they do not do their hardest to help us out.. and not even sending out a 5 minute message /update every week to their backers that have paid the product already (i have paid for 3) and they do not have the time for that is a joke.. not like they are running all day in the office . they surf and go to promote the product in several places .. stop that shit and get the products to the guys that already paid for it.. never ever going to back any product on kickstarter its all full of lies and bullshit. if i would run my 2 companys as they do i would be bankrupt now.. @Jonas -- now Lima is admitting they lied to the people they let know they would be part of the beta. What a fucking *JOKE*. If you don't want to be honest with your backers, at least offer refunds to them. @CGC team! You say further down in a response to another guys that he was told he is put on hold as beta tester and other will have their devices.. here is my letter from you guys and i was signed to a beta tester group but still have not got my devices? no email say i am put on hold? 2014-07-14 was this sent 5 month ago and no other response from you guys Hey jonas, Thank you so much for volunteering to be a beta tester for Lima! I’m Marion, VP engineering here at Lima. I am in charge of managing the beta tests, and I’ll be the point of contact between you and our developers. We’ve selected you to be part of our beta testers, and part of the group Bangkok. As we’ve explained, we’ll proceed to the beta tests on a rolling basis. The first group to test Lima is the group Santiago. When your group comes along, I’ll come back to you to let you know the details and the way we’ll proceed to collect your feedback. Looking forward to tracking bugs with you! Marion, VP engineering So how many groups are there before Bankok group? 0? 5? 10? 1000? i have been apart of many beta tests with big companys and the beta testers get all products at the same time. and i have also been alpha tester for many and no one this far have been handled as poorly as this? you guys need to asign one person that email all beta testers each week at least or even more often . its a 5 minute email .. to show that you are a serious company . if i would handle my customers like this i would not have any one left.. i am a CEO of 2 companys . get back to us. remember we backers is the ones that made this happen for you guys so are we not worth a 5 minute email once a week och twice? i want you guys to email me the EXACT DATE my 3 limas will arrive. you have my name and can find both beta tester program and also my backed amount and there you see my email . Must say that i am very disappointed about how this is handled. 7 month after the said date and we backers/beta testers still have not got our samples i ordered 3 lima´s and now its christmas and my pressents that was supposed to go to to friends is not here. I actually think the lima team should be a shamed of them selfs . i would never ever tell any one to buy a kickstarter concept since every thing is delayed several months . it have gone 1 year and 3 month now since i backed this device... where is it? respond to your backers for fucks sake it takes you 5 minutes or are we not worth the respond? would love to say merry christmas but you guys did not make my christmas a marry one so you wont get it from me either... Though, I prefer a refund and let this horror fade into the past. REFUND! @Hasan: Yep - at least with the device I can write my own code and make it Do something (presuming they actually exist). Then I can make what I originally backed which is a far cry from what they are representing now. Where are you going to ship my device. I said i want the device without a software or anything and yet I have not get any notification. Ship my device i dont need any software I think CGC thinks that 'Beta tester' == 'friends and family'. @CGC: That is Not the case! Beta Tester == target audience and you have 1,280 in this audience who appear to be ignored. If the NDA says that the beta testers cannot divulge that they are testers (as in posting here) then that is both controversial and detrimental to all involved. REFUND! I don't know what would be worse at this point. Either they are decent con men, or horribly incompetent businessmen. Either way, they committed fraud and have lied repeatedly. If you don't believe they are scamming, you are forced to believe that they are this incompetent -- that their 'accidental' delays, lies, and ineptitude are a result of poor planning, and over-optimism... which simply means that they don't have the team they claimed to have at the start, and cannot possibly release the product the claim to have.... Any honest person would have learned from their mistakes and taken steps to address them, and not keep doubling down on them like this. Its nonsense. Anybody who continues to believe CGC is not out and out scamming this project has astounding reserves of faith @KC I'm pretty sure that would be why they don't want to send me a unit. They don't *WANT* anyone other than sycophants even seeing the device. I would not be surprised if the NDA was "you cannot talk bad about Lima, and you cannot state what is in the NDA". Fraud is the only reason I can see to refuse to post the NDA until everyone has signed it -- someone might refuse to sign it, and then contradict the fake NDA they post later on. @CGC: for some reason update 33 showed a different video. Maybe a Vimeo glitch. It's ok now. Don't worry ozy, if you *were* in the beta, it would mean you are an imaginary fall-guy for CGC's latest delay. We prefer you as a real person. I agreed to be part of the beta a month ago, by LIMA'S choice, but can confirm I have *NOT* been contacted since then, nor have I seen any NDA, nor any indication that I was sent anything. In fact, the *ONLY* response I have got from Lima in 3 weeks (despite repeated emails to them) was what you see here on Kickstarter -- and they are backpedalling on their intent to include me in the beta. Its hard to conceive of a "beta starts when all 100 backers have signed an NDA" as anything other than yet another delay tactic, only this one shifts responsibility to some mysterious group of unknown backers. Not a single backer has posted here to confirm they have been contacted to participate in the current beta. It sure smells like a bunch of hooey. Also, why are you too embarrassed to post the joke NDA? There is no way you can seriously expect people to sign an NDA before they get the device they paid for. @ CGC I think my confirmation to be in the 'beta' was lost -- I have not received any email from you to 'confirm' that I will be in the beta yet. Please fix this ASAP. Alternatively, if it is easier, you can simply ship me my hardware and software. I can skip the beta testing/training (wtf?) if that is easier for you. @CGC, I requested a working unit before the end of the year. You countered by offering me a deliberately broken unit (including voiding my warranty, and waving my rights to the backer reward I paid for) and that was unacceptable. I am unwilling to accept a broken unit, *OR* waive my right to my backer reward, for the obvious reasons. I'm not even sure how you consider *ANY* of that reasonable. I was then told I was "we'll send you a device with beta software access if your configuration can help us to complete the panel. ". I run all major android and windows versions, and I am willing to install a VM with any version you would like tested. There is no reason not to give me the unit I already paid for in whatever the current state of the software is. I honestly could care less if I have to be beta tester number 101 -- and there is absolutely no reason for me not to be. As I have already stated, failure to ship a unit constitutes agreement on your part to cancel my backing, and return my funds. None of that explains why I have been unable to get a response from you in almost 3 *WEEKS*. Why in the world do you need all 100 imaginary beta testers to sign the NDA before you show it to your backers? Such nonsense. @KC -- well, they will be filming it... as soon as they find a power cord for the betamax camera they intend to use. Don't worry guys, they are filming an update that explains the delay I still have not got an email confirming my address for the beta... @CGC: you said "Dec 22 - 31: shipment of devices" > Good luck! You said "Each tester will be contacted individually by the team. We’ll ask them to sign an NDA, that we will also post publicly so that you all know what it’s about." > when will you post the NDA? (I would like to know if betatesters are allowed to communicate about being a tester and recieving a Lima. <email> @kc hère is his new email <email> sorry - Transporter is in its 3rg generation and has about 2 years of operation - NOT Lima - my run-on sentence ran off. @Merjin: Thanks - I have been hoping that I'd receive a check from CGC and can ignore this ancient and mis-managed 'project' and missed update 33. That does not discount my second paragraph. When Lomobo project decided they were going to redefine the project the did the ethical thing and allowed backers to opt-out. I think most stayed. When CGC decided to redefine the project they lied until pressed with their own disparities. Lima is no better than a transporter and it is made by amateurs and is in its 3rd generation and about 2 years of operation (as a product - Drobo, the makers of it have been around longer). So, which seems the better: A: A product made by seasoned professionals and has undergone a few years of usage B: A product made by proven underhanded inexperienced kids that has not been used by 100 people typo as I have been......... I no longer wait for a Lima. Or look forward to owning one. Old Tech = Old News My 2nd annual pre-Xmas card from Santa Fraud Seve and his boys and girls announcing 2-3 more months of delay while bug-hunting in order to deliver to us a more perfect product must have been lost in the ether of a space-time continuum. Hugely disappointing and it will - will definitely ruin my year as I have being sooo desperately looking forward to it since last year!!!! Enough said @fmotta: this install video was also posted in the last update (33). For some reason it got replaced by a video showing the production of the colored bands.. @CGC: why did you replace this video? F**ing CGC: We (the backers of this project to the sum of over a $1M) have been asking for the demo you posted elsewhere - since no intelligent person I know has wastebook we are omitted from getting what we asked for MANY MANY times! This demo should have been posted for backers without having to join some other site to get it! Now, what I saw at the wastebook site is that I have to sign in (presumably to some CGC/lima server) to use it. A server owned/managed by a proven flakey company (CGC/Lima). How can we trust your servers if we cannot trust you to comply with the promises you made when we backed this project (which morphed into something that is NOT what we backed)? REFUND! Get me out of this lie and away from your flakey company! Perhaps you have to sign an NDA to find out if you are in the beta. I gave Lima the choice in sending me a full refund or a working device months ago, and I was told I would be in the beta, but I have not heard anything yet. Anyone here who got an email about the betatest? <url>"done" is). Lame A** CGC! REFUND YOU SHYSTERS! .......................................DELIVERY IN SPRING 2015................................... ...sale now on.........was....$149................now $99 + $10 shipping............. and a long wait for a product that will be out of date Maybe this is how Sony got hacked. They gave them a beta unit that sync all their data online. Then another beta user just so happened to catch all that data. "Desktop syncing, assuming you have a clue what you are talking about, is a disaster." They don't have a clue -- they have stated repeatedly that 'all' files will be synced -- for some, non-dictionary definition of 'all', and that there is no way to prevent files from syncing. How do you decide what on the desktop should be synced? No one in their right mind would want everything on any desktop synced with all the machines on the LAN. A machine would have shortcuts to things that only exist on another machine, for example. Desktop syncing, assuming you have a clue what you are talking about, is a disaster. Desktops are specific to machines and their installation context, not global on the LAN. I've contacted KS multiple times about this particular project, and they claim there's nothing they can do. Who's interested in a class action lawsuit against KS? I wonder if, by the time this ships, mankind will still be alive, on Earth. It should be noted that with a File Transporter you can take the exact same set of folders that Lima syncs and mark them for sync. The "big innovation" of Lima is that it marks these folders for you upon install. I wonder how many unicorns were sacrificed to achieve this wizardry. @CGC what's this silly joke about making your customers sign an NDA all about? Also, when will you be posting the NDA for us to laugh at? Will you be posting the kickstarter usernames of those selected in the beta? "all of your user files" you are getting better -- you are *ALMOST* stating the truth, now. Now if only the Lima devices worked the way you have been describing them for over a year... Can't read French but those who could, can have a look. <url>"Windows Explorer." These guys have no business in your file system. If they don't destroy it, they are sure to expose it through shoddy security. Does anyone know- has there ever been a fully funded project that KS enforced their TOS? Has KS ever enforced their TOS after collecting their share of money? Not only has this experience soured me on this project, but it also has soured me on every Kickstarter technology project. If a project is any good, it'll eventually make it to market and I'll buy it then. The "discounts" for being a backer seem largely illusory. Many products end up selling for their Kickstarter price, I'm guessing due to competing technology. And if I ever have to pay more that the Kickstarter price, it's small insurance against another Lima debacle. 3D printers are a good example. I almost took a flyer on a $300 printer that has not yet made it to market. RIght now, I can go to Amazon and buy a $400 3D printer with a track record. I gave up on this ages ago. I now just use an old laptop running own cloud. And that works a treat. Especially since I can also link it to my existing Dropbox accounts too. Lima is now just a piece of trash that will never be opened by my self. Maybe the my dog will do the opening. Would you trust a device on your network from a company who sends out an install video demo where you can watch them repeatedly typing in their own password? Don't even know how to use this anymore, all promises nothing happening and they don't deliver. Good thing there are these simple things such as the istick and Sandisk ixpand. I'm dissapointed. Lots of promises and a working device is not to be seen even in the distant future. I will start a process of refund as well and if it doesnt work NO MORE KS PROJECTS BACKING FROM ME! Christopher -- it's intentionally misleading. The implication is that they *WILL* be enforced by Kickstarter -- that's what any rational observer would think, anyway. Since they don't that is a potential law suit, if someone could get organized about it. I would love to see KS hammered for not enforcing their TOS, why publish them if not enforced? I switched to Transporter sync, works smart ;-) Got it delivered the next day after order. However I will start the refund for the lima right now and let you know. I also wrote to Kickstarter but they did not care at all. They told me its not their business what happen. So - good bye KS as well. if kickstarter is not a store, then let's see how a "no reward" model flies. not very far. sure, some projects would still get takers, but the backer majority are in it for the end product. projects would never reach the hundreds of thousands to millions that we are currently seeing. kickstarter is actively cultivating this farce, encouraging creators to generate the lie- polished videos, scripted pitches, decoy products with cinema-prop qualities. kickstarter is just as guilty as the crooks who take advantage of the process and therefore, should be held accountable as well. First & now last time I ever back anything on kickstarter. Let me sum up this "update #33": Another indefinite delay and they still won't tell us when, if ever, we will receive this crap. It is CGC's fault and other scammers and con artists like them, why I am starting to hate that I ever became interested in crowdfunding. -what Christopher and ozymandias said. Additionally, you can buy into the philosophy of Kickstarters marketing all you want, but at the end of they day you are pre-paying for a product. That is what the law sees, and it does not care what you call it. Also, per the Kickstarter philosophy, the creators are supposed to include the backers in the process. CGC has instead used us as an ATM and fed us nothing but bullshit from day one. You'll forgive me if I don't give them a pass for this. ""I paid $79 for a Lima" is an oversimplification that is misleading." No one is saying that. We are saying that we backed a project, and what they used the money for does not match the project we backed. Every single delay, complication, and complaint stems from the fact that the money we gave to this project was obtained under false pretense -- Lima *lied* to us, and continues to do so. Broken record time, Michael, we back a device where two years of development meant they were pretty much ready for hardware production and a few tweaks to the software. CGC chose after funding to completely start again in a different language, they completely changed the project after funding from a ready product to a we haven't started development yet but we have a great idea - I would not have backed a 'I have a great idea' type project, would you? or were you sold on the original premise and videos showing stage of development? I'm so sad that I paid money for something that at this stage is so unrelevant... I have no energy to start the refund process. I just want to make this a lesson for myself on kickstarters and move on. Dear Lima, I am using a transporter unit right now. Can you please tell me what the difference will be between the transporter and the Lima unit. Just read the comments.. Yikes I haven't been here in a while.. Truth be told I forgot all about this project.. Hey everybody. Like most of you, I've long given up hope that this product will come to market in any relevant or useful way. I see a few of you have made it your life's work to harangue Lima in this comments section, and I admit it's very entertaining. However, there is a lot of talk about refunds and in one link, advising that we speak to someone who understands how Kickstarter works. Ironically, I think this shows a fundamental misunderstanding of "how Kickstarter works." Kickstarter is crowdfunding ideas, where we get a widget instead of stake in the company. It's speculation and limited investment, not a product purchase. Like many investments in small businesses, there is risk and the chance of failure. It's entirely likely that we have lost our money and that's frustrating, but to reduce this particular campaign to "I paid $79 for a Lima" is an oversimplification that is misleading. The beta sounds so cool!! D: If you are sick of being lied to by these charlatans, see my profile for how to file a credit card chargeback: <url>#comment-8010409 a..NDA a...delay in everything a....app (maybe) a....delayed beta test till next year a....waste of time Amazing! We will ship out beta devices in December (gotcha), LOL, did you really think they would be working devices! Oh no, we will waste yet another month before we allow you to activate them! CGC you are the most arrogant group of people I have ever seen. I must admit when I see an update like this and see a positive comment within minutes I smell yet another friend trying to hold up the flimsy structure you call a company. I do believe someday this will all catch up with you guys and I hope it makes every news outlet in the world, so I can say I at least got a good story out of my investment in the world's largest and longest scam. Don't rest too easy CGC justice is coming, no matter how slow it moves. at update 13 they admitted it was a scam. 33 updates and I still don't have a refund. I'd call that roughly 25 reminders of what a bad decision it was for me to back these guys (it took me a few updates to realize how much I'd been mislead about the capabilities and/or intentions of the team here.) That doesn't matter to me. I am *NOT* signing an NDA to receive the product I paid for. They cannot legally require me to sign one, and they cannot change the terms of purchase after the fact. They can either ship me a working unit at the same time they ship to the beta testers, or a full refund. This was the agreement I made with them via email. I do *NOT* have to be a part of the beta test -- they just have to ship me a functioning unit with the same features as the beta test units. Honestly, I am not interested in jumping through hoops to test their product. I would be willing to file bug reports, but that's optional on their part. They probably only give you an activation-code when they got back your signed nda. Well, I'll be damned -- an unboxing video -- but more excuses and delays. I won't be signing an NDA, so I will be able to post about my experiences with the Lima hardware and software when the beta units go out at least. Yeah, same old move-the-goalpost nonsense. Whoop there it is Might be a new record for Lima -- 6 missed deadlines in a single week. Well, 11 minutes until the 6th missed deadline this week. Stephen King is writing the update as we text ::bracing for latest anticlimax:: Update in less than an hour <url>"all your files..." untruth. Is that not fraud in and of itself? They act like the definition of "all" is relative rather than absolute. <url>"beginning of 2015", which is *not* spring -- it's the first quarter of 2015, which ends March 31. They have about 3.5 months to celebrate a major holiday, get beta testers to test, bugs fixed, software updated onto the hardware, and units shipped to all backers. Also do not forget that spring season in europe ends 21st June so they could start shipping week 1 of June and still hit the 'Spring' deadline. CES deadline to ship is April the 1st Don't worry, this is a second round of beta testing the first round caught all the issues that have all been fixed so this is more of a test of shipping rather than testing the devices.... wait a second.... hang on wasn't the original beta with three people and after a few weeks suspended and four + months of fixing undertaken?! And there has been no transparency on bug fixing so we don't know how riddled with holes it will be when it comes out, no mention of third party code review, nor penetration testing either of the device or servers that will point remote units to the Lima. 2nd round of beta testing needs to happen in December, which after shipping times will mean more than half the month has been lost already and the other half will be filled with christmas and new year break.... So delivery in spring to regular costumers. CGC stated they would start shipping to regular costumers after every backer recieved their devices. It's my guess it takes a month to ship al devices globaly. So if spring is in April, CGC has to start shipping to backers in the beginning of February. If betatesting starts in Januari... Ehm... Damn.. Thats a short period for a betatest.. @Hochiminh No, but you can blame Kickstarter itself for not bothering to enforce their own terms of use -- especially when they *know* that many projects are outright fraud like this. <url>"Be respectful and considerate." Lima -- this means you, too. Where is the update promised last week? Testing,,Testing,,,Testing,,,,UPDATE,,,,ALERT...IN.................5.....4........3...........2.............1...............UPDATE............ No its a new delay on the update Maybe the update is on the Lima / Plug I recommend everyone see my profile for how to file a credit card chargeback: <url>#comment-8010409 Still no update? I recommend everyone spamming Kickstarter's facebook page in all their posts and criticize Kickstarter on their ignorance in handling the Lima case. <url>£king joke this project is What the hell are you filming? All you need to do is tell us when we can expect to get our shipments! dear god, why did you need to film an update? could you have just posted a link to a spreadsheet showing known fixes left to resolve, number of new bugs found (you don't have to give details, just give them a RAG status for seriousness. Heck, just names them after French cities Rag them and put up a file, you must have some sort of tracker other wise how do you know who is working on what (or do you know that?!!!). Some transparency , any transparency - I do not need to see videos every update, a document that is updated daily so we can see what is going on! Do you give your venture capital this level of update? If so they should be tearing you a new one every day. We are your backers through Kickstarter, give us updates here, especially when you are logging onto your account! Anything less means you only care about your public image! To be passing any information at all anywhere but here is utterly contemptuous. Fuck Twitter. ...so many ski trips...so little time... @KC we have known that for a long time. I'm just amazed that Lima no longer even pretends that they *don't* think of us as suckers. It's time to stop thinking of ourselves as 'backers,' and instead realize that we are all 'suckers.' didn't even bother to cross post their own 'update'. Goes to show how much they respect their backers. What is even more depressing is they had time to log into KS today, and twitter but chose to post to twitter than here <url>"Things are going well at Lima, Sev was at the factory selecting the right mix of PCB plastics and our dev. team is approaching the December beta rollout. Those unnamed 100 in the beta group can expect to receive an update on the beta in December, with more information to follow in early 2015. We are in the final stretch and working hard to get the beta information you need. Thanks, Dr. Shenanigans Here's what I think the next update will be: Hey everyone, Things are going well here at Lima. We’re pleased to announce that all the Lima's have arrived in the designated countries. And because we're not really ready to send these out. We'll pretend its stuck in customs due to improper documentation. On the software front. We've progressed in finding new bugs. One of our staff member ate half a sandwich last week and left the other half on his table before he left. So our office was infested with bugs. We are now close to killing most of the cockroaches and a couple of delusional ants. Once this is accomplished. We'll be able to resume the beta test. Seasons Greeting! 24 hours, 33 minutes..... <url>"firewall"..... It's a shame that you have gotten so deep into the promise and subsequent excuses, A TOTAL DISGRACE THAT WILL AFFECT OTHER HONEST PEOPLE <url>"@CGC, how bout my non-working Lima? You mentioned sending it out with the December beta testers. Whats the update on this?" Don't forget this in the update. Im counting on getting a non working Lima with the Beta testers. Think it will be Puppy-dog Sev again? @CGC Put up or shut up. Unless the update is to say "Units have shipped", don't bother wasting your time, or ours. We paid for the hardware, software, and shipping. You claim that the hardware is done, and some semblance of software exists -- so SHIP ALREADY. At this point, you have no excuses left. At this point, I personally will consider any update that does not state that the units are shipped to be a non-update. At best any further delays in shipping just confirm their lack of respect, and deliberately misleading updates. To state that the units are shipping in December, and then to delay with a pending 'shipping update' that does not confirm shipping is misleading. Not to mention that they are rapidly cutting into their beta testing time, since many of their testers will have Xmas plans. Oh yes...I forgot that CGC never posts irrelevant updates... ;) The *ONLY* 'shipping info' that is relevant is tracking numbers. Anything else would be irrelevant bullshit -- and not new. -not exactly, it says there will be "shipping info" this week. I would not expect anything to ship this week. They still have to work out how to legally ship manure by post. <url>"few" disgruntled backers. Sarcasm does not travel well in the internet medium. or delusional. Brian is trolling, yo. :) @Brian -- that's not true at all. The *reason* they missed the estimates is that they decided to scrap the 2 years of hardware (fully completed) and software development(almost fully completed) that they had already done, and re-start the entire project over. This is *NOT* an issue of 'accidentally missed a deadline' -- it's an issue of *DECIDING TO MISS THE DEADLINE AND ABUSE THE FUNDS THEY WERE GIVEN*. They get all the credit from me that they earned -- they are incompetent programmers, and barely competent scammers. I think that CGC can easily prove that there are only a "few" dissatisfied investors. If CGC believes that most of the investors are behind them simply refund the investment made by the "few" of us who are dissatisfied and we will go away. How much easier could it be to quiet the negative feedback that is coming from just a "few." But maybe it is NOT just a "few" and they know it! CGC I have watched your arrogance over these many months and feel sorry for other Kickstarter projects that have suffered from the likes of me who now refuse to get swindled out another dollar. And, Brian, I was appalled that you think the updates for the past two years have been forthcoming. Have you really read them and realized how we have been lied to for so long? Over a year ago I asked that CGC provide us with a simple Gantt chart from a project software timeline. Did you ever see such a honest Gantt chart? All we have seen is simple little charts with nothing but unrealistic deadlines that are never met. So CGC, you want to quiet this investor, just send me my $69 back, it's that simple to quiet one of the "few." @CGC I just want refund my money. Other than you cheated us, your product is DOA. There are tons of alternative, or even better ones on the market now. See my profile for how to file a credit card chargeback: <url>#comment-8010409 Oz: Don't expect the beta to start for another month or so at best. I requested a refund got a response (yesterday) that included this: "This leads us to re-launching the beta phase in December. Our backlog of blocking issues is still pretty full for now, but we’re moving fast and we still feel on track for the beta with 100 backers for the second half of December." <url>"We are sorry, but refunds are not possible. Your pledge was used to launch our company and attract equity funding. If we give it back, we would suffer and we can't have that." @CGC Did I back a project, if I did then you broke KS terms of use in changing so much of it. Did I back a product, in which case this is a pre-order either way you owe people a refund if they want one! Just send the hardware & update software later ~ Way way too long ~ pls don't fail the kickstarter "In December" is vague -- what is the shipping deadline for beta users? Since you hope to ship to all backers in early 2015, one would presume that the beta will start Dec 1. @The CGC team Please stop lying. The *PRODUCT'S* specifications may not have changed, but the *PROJECT'S* specification *HAS DRASTICALLY* changed. Put up, or shut up -- we all paid for the devices, you claim that the hardware is ready to ship -- so ship them. Errr, project is for python written code with last few things to fix and hardware ready to ship instead you decided to re-write the software . You have totally changed the remit of your project without offering refunds. It doesn't matter how many times you say you haven't the specifications when there are updates where you give details of what has changed! Also the last beta of three people lasting a few weeks caused a pause in testing and writing new code for 4 months. You cannot say you ship in early 2015 as you do not know what issues you have left to find. @Derya -- Missing deadlines on Kickstarter is not a rule violation. Lima admitted in an update that they were drastically changing the scope of the project -- they decided to scrap the hardware and software and start over, after being funded. That *IS* a rule violation -- and is illegal. I reported this project because of rule violation. Encourage you to do the same. Lima said "On the software side, we’re glad to say that we overcomed the most critical technical challenges brought by our app. After 2 years of research and development, we have already built a prototype of our application on Mac, Windows and Linux. We are currently in the process of optimizing our application code to transform it into production-grade software. And we are confident we can do it during the next six months." This is November 2014 and no exact delivery date yet. No refund. I got tired of this non-sense. This is beyond ridiculous. Using KC's instructions, I have submitted a request to Amex for a charge back and highly encourage others to do the same. Chante Ramsey, I have supported quite a few kickstarters, I have had zero issues with them. This is the one and only one I have had a problem with. I'm confused as to when the products will be sent out? I understand delays, bug fixes ectera but a clear update on the timeline on when the devices will be sent out will be helpful or else just give people their money back. This lack of clarification makes one leery of supporting other crowd funding products. All, I am considering speaking to my lawyer over this. We all have waited long enough and I know I am tired of waiting. Here is what I am suggesting. We open a class action lawsuit against CGC. This can be filed in Federal court. I know dealing with the credit card companies might be a faster approach, however I think this other path may put the developer on notice to present a product and push forward with it. When the project started all of us knew what it would do and how it would do it. Now, I feel the project is not what most of us backed. I also feel they are in breach of the contract we all agreed to. Anyone willing to join the lawsuit please send me an email nightmac12 at gmail.com. Regards, Jim Good stuff, Sandwich For the rest of you still funding CGC's shenanigans: see my profile for how to file a credit card chargeback: <url>#comment-8010409 As of last night, I've joined the list of those who have successfully received their pledge money back from their bank. I did receive some pushback, but I continued to press the issue, always claiming that this was a pre-order that did not live up to its original timeline and insisting that the merchant was refusing to issue updates (which is illegal btw, you can't just hold someone's money indefinitely). As far as I'm concerned, the Lima team and this project are dead to me. If you're reading this and you're unsatisfied with how your money was squandered, I encourage you now to press your bank for a chargeback. Continue elevating and pressing, they'll give in eventually. To the Lima team, I'd like my final words on this project to simply be "f.u.c.k you". Why would you think they are looking for a new communications director? They are perfectly happy ignoring all our requests for communication. Why else would they refuse to demo what we have been asking for? @Brian -CGC is looking for a new communications director, -seems to me that you are a shoe-in "We can give you a time frame; Once we get the beta, beta for the betas, beta we should be able to ship your product early 2015 to late 2025. Keep in mind, you have to install invasive software and you can't have multiple users. Other than that, it's ready to go out the door. Much like the money you gave us." @Drew -I think the dependencies in your plan are fatally flawed. See my profile for how to file a credit card chargeback: <url>#comment-8010409 I requested a refund, was not obliged, even asked again and again. To no avail. So I am basically stuck. But I made the decision to back this with 12839 other people. My plan now is to expect a good product that works, even though it has passed the timeline, it better work. It does no good at this point to make this about the timeline, failure to communicate that the product wasn't ready etc. Let's try to be positive and see if this LIMA will help accomplish the goal set forth. Even though there are several other products out there, I am sure you all still have a less than new tv, car, phone that works well, so LIMA coming out later hopefully will be a viable product that learns from the other companies that have beat their timeline. It's all I got to hope for a decent product. Put up, or shut up -- I already paid for the hardware, software, and shipping. You are claiming to have the hardware on hand, and somewhat functioning software already written. Mail me the device I already paid for -- you no longer have any excuses. If the software is crap, too bad for you -- you had an extra *YEAR* to fix it up. Time to put up or shut up. Copying the reply from the update thread, which is backers only. I would hate that future research into Lima/CGC would not be complete.... Creator The CGC team 5 minutes ago @KC: Concerning sync, selective sync is a feature enabling you to remove some data from syncing. This is not something you can do with Lima. We sync all your (personal, user) files. However, we split metadata and data in our sync process. All files’ metadata are always synced. So you will see all of your files on all your devices. However, your devices won’t always download the data corresponding to the files you synced. When the file data is not there, it’s streamed from your other devices upon opening the file. The pin function enables you to ask your device to sync the data attached to a given file, so that it’s available locally in your computer, and you can open it when you’re offline. Concerning multiple hard drives attached to Lima, it is still part of our specs (up to 8 hard drives). If you remove one of the drives, and that the files’ data of this drive is also copied on another device, you’ll still have those files available but the Lima will ask you to replace the drive. If the files’ data isn’t somewhere else those files will disappear, but in this case our app will have warned you in advance of this risk. Evidently an 'unboxing' video is also proprietary -- we have been asking for one for months, and all we get is the same crappy video showing something a dozen technologies already do. Of course the "pin" function is proprietary! Everyone else calls it "sync." #nowTHATisInnovation! @CGC : That doesn't really make a lot of sense?! So you cannot list the bugs on the "Pin-Function" because the Pin-function is proprietary? Or the FUSE-implementation? Come on... Give us a little more respect than that! What you are basically saying is that backers will get no real status because you cannot find code-names that you can use for your "cutting-edge" proprietary software you have used years and years developing, but you could come up with a code-name for a beta-group consisting of basically one person, who was even a close friend??! This is getting ridiculous... Transparency is definitely NOT on your list of things you want to offer backers and apparently neither is a product delivery :( joshua -- they are not going to bother with that -- they don't have anything to ship yet. Is there an ETA on when we will be able to update our shipping address on the backer dashboard? I know this isn't a top priority for anybody. It's just that it has been on my to-do list for a year and I've logged in dozens of times. @CGC that's bogus. You could *AT LEAST* release statistics: x bugs, x bugs fixed/day, x bugs to fix before release, x new bugs found each day. You know -- something, anything, to show you have something you are working on, other than finding more awards to purchase with our backer funds. See my profile for how to file a credit card chargeback: <url>#comment-8010409 Drew Houston wrote Dropbox in ~4 months while at Y-Combinator. You guys are taking over a year, with 1.2MM in funding. What the f* are you guys doing? Requested a refund - you clearly aren't capable hardware or software engineers. I DON'T CARE ABOUT ANY OF YOUR PROGRESS! I SIMPLY WANT MY MONEY BACK! GIVEN ME MY MONEY BACK! RESPOND!!!!!!!!! I was hoping for a bit more detail on the outstanding issues, CGC... If you have solved millions of bugs you should at least have some Issue Tracking system, like JIRA. Open it up and let this become a true Kickstarter-proces, where you include backers! That would leave no more surprises to be found as everyone can see the true state of the software (unless of course you choose to rewrite it once again)... I'll give this to CGC, they have chutzpah. I do feel a bit sorry for whichever of their staff comes here to stick their *beep* in the blender every two weeks. @CGC "This does not mean that the Limas they receive will have been "deliberately broken" it's just without any software. " So you are deliberately crippling the product in such a way as to make it useless and unusable. That's deliberately breaking it. "We're going to be restarting the beta tests with 100 backers in December. After that we'll start shipping all backers" "After" is a funny word, isn't it? Of course you will ship to backers 'after' the beta, but the question is when. I point this out because you already had a (one person) 'beta,' which did not produce a product ready for backing, but rather 5 months of delay to *another* 'beta.' Be honest in your communications. You make it sound like the next beta is a formality, when in reality, you don't know what it will turn up or how long it will or will not delay shipping of finished code. Updating at 20h means one (or more) of three things -- you didn't plan ahead and have it ready on time, you don't respect the people you are updating enough to leave time for Q and A, or this is not your primary job, and you were at work all day, and are squeaking this into your spare time. Updating at 20h is bad practice. That means it's last minute. But in truth, we all know they'll be late, seriously, they always show that their words means nothing. 7:43 PM in France right now. Seems posting a user update at the start of the work day, so you would be around and able to respond to it would make more sense, but late in the evening works, too, I guess.... <url>"successful" deliveries to earn your CES award. this would be extremely low and will be tracked during the course of your on-line reputation. There is brewing disdain for you here in the states. Please confirm you have no intent to do this. @Cyril -It is already outdated. The hardware is circa 2005 (100Mbit, USB2) and the software function is already done by multiple large players in the market (Bittorrent Sync, Owncloud, Odrive, Transporter, etc.) Lima is DOA, unless you consider it exciting to risk your data to buggy system drivers. is this going to be outdated technology by the time it's shipped? First shipment "early 2015". By the time it comes to those lower down in the line it's probably Christmas 2015 .. maybe. @friddie -- they are supposedly shipping beta units in December -- as well as deliberately broken units (without software, inability to install software). If the beta tests work out *this time*, they expect to send working units sometime in 2015 to everyone else. Ha. beta testing was suspended as the three people in the first round broke Lima, second round is due in December and they'll ship in early 2015 to everyone else. You may want to read through the last 5 updates and in particular the comments on them to get a wider perspective, the last few hundred comments will help too..... When are we able to get hold of our product? <url>"beginning of 2015". Can you therefore promise that if you DON'T ship by 1 February, you will refund anyone who asks for a refund? How about throw us THAT bone? That's bogus, though. Shipping *BETA* devices to less than 1 in 128 purchasers should not count. They would at *LEAST* have 75% delivery of finalized devices to all pre-orders by that point. Considering the 1 year delay, a lowly 75% fulfillment is generous, in my opinion. Ozy - this is from a twitter update so yes they are claiming that sending off to the beta testers = shipping to backers so valid for the award. "Note that we'll formally receive the award at the CES in January, after we've started shipping 100 backers for beta testing." Out of 103 I have backed, only this scam and the Zioneyez scam have had serious issues. Zioneyez doesn't even pretend they intend to deliver anything anymore, so Lima at least has that going for it. I have backed 42 other projects and all but this one met my expectations, Three project even got there stuff to me months before the estimated delivery. Some of the creatators did weekly and sometimes daily updates to us the backers. Have a update weekly would be nice. Crap, was on my phone, pressed delete since it said monday and it got send. My bad In France, they are already at 20h00. Good luck with the update, 4h before it becomes another false promise. <url>"@MerijnBolhuis Hey Merijn, the update will actually be on Monday, sorry for the wait. We had a little camera problem." Let's see if the manage to keep *this* promised deadline. I just got a message from the Lima team saying the next update wil be posted monday. @Chris -- Lima might just move the goal posts again,and claim that shipping a beta device to 100 users counts as shipping.... Not like they have shown any integrity so far with this project. See my profile for how to file a credit card chargeback: <url>#comment-8010409 oooh and if lima isn't shipped by 1 April 2015 it will be rescinded - be an interesting one to watch OOOOOH, so they spent some of our Kickstarter money buying themselves an award or two... Great. Well, not to put too fine a point on it. This is what the 'honoree' program is about: "How to Enter - Complete, submit and PAY for your entry online " After you pay to get in: "How We Judge -The three-member judging team gives a numerical value to each of the below criteria. The scores are combined, resulting in a cumulative score for each product. A baseline value is derived from the cumulative scores in a category. All scores above the baseline are designated as Honorees." They did not win their categories, they simply entered them and exceeded the baseline. Given the costs of entering the program, I doubt that many fall below the baseline (i.e. only those that would embarass the program). What you have here is a paid-for 'award' akin to a "contributor's credit" when you donate to a project. Wow. Lima is accepting awards for the design of a Lima device. I just lost respect for CES if they are giving awards to companies that have not produced anything other than a fancy Kickstarter scam. "Lima will be displayed in a special area of the CES Las Vegas in January together with all the other Innovation Award Honorees" where will the lima team appear next ....how about ...Comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko that trip only took ten years @CGC: I really hope the next update is for the most part about the Lima device, not about the awards. What is done? What needs to be done? when do you start shipping to the beta-group? Are you going to use betatesters outside Europe? <url>"updates": a.k.a. "Postcards from an alternate reality". Expensive entertainment but it's all I think I'll be getting out of this one. Ha! Good luck with that Lol! Good point ozy. I'll have the creators transfer the unit to another backer. phrig -- how can you sell something that doesn't exist? :-D Oops, Just realized there no PM on KS :P Email me rather: eclectic514/at/gmail/com My Lima is up for grabs. If anyone is interested... PM me. @KC Ahhhh... I forgot the magic word "$$$$$" and there goes backer's hard earned money. "Refunds aren't possible as the project is still going on. We're as frustrated as you are about the delays" No it's not. You canceled it last December, and used the money to start a new project to redevelop the product you claimed was almost finished in September. <url>"advertised" Lima during the KS fund raising phase to follow up what happened to the project and that backers like us were lured to back for something we don't agreed with? Sure, like I said, I get that. But that would be an *easy* and *cheap* way for them to try and build good will, and prove they are working on something. Almost as cheap as delivering the hardware we already paid for. Ozy, Well like it or not, they are under no obligation to release source at this stage. Thanks, James's @James -- I understand that -- but there is also no reason for them *not* to have a plan in place for how they will be releasing it -- and if the code exists, there is no reason not to post it now, so interested parties can start reviewing it, and laughing at it. Ozy, they haven't distributed anything yet so they don't need to release the code yet. But if they don't release the source for the modified firmware when they ship they will then be in violation of the GPL Note however they don't need to release source for any proprietary binaries that aren't part of the firmware. Thanks, James THANKS KC (goatCGC) See my profile for how to file a credit card chargeback: <url>#comment-8010409 @scott "I am annoyed that they are annoyed with us for asking questions of a product that was "almost done" over a year ago." That was the other project -- the one that they canceled and used the money from to start a new project *DEVELOPING* the Lima software and hardware. "@James: Please send an email to Christophe (<email>) about this and we'll put you on a waiting list for the beta testers." Bear in mind that christophe will just ignore your email... Like he does any email that they don't want to deal with. " Our firmware is still based on OpenWRT," where and when are you releasing the source code? @Nick Bently -- the scam is not the delays -- the scam is that they described a project on kickstarter that did not, and could not exist, accepted money to work on that project, and then used the money on an entirely different project. try to do a chargeback in your bank. This is what I and others have done. It is easy to do. Scott o clarke: i back one project which has 340K comments, so this project is not even close on the record. Cgc: please tell me how i can het a refund. You have not deliverd on time, and i think i have been graceful enough by allowing you to continue until now. But this investment has lost all value to me at this point CGC you suck! Liars and charlatans I haven't read comments in few weeks because quite frankly, this is p!$$ing me off. If I poop in one hand and get my Lima in the other, which will I get first? I am glad to see they are finally answering questions from the backers. I am annoyed that they are annoyed with us for asking questions of a product that was "almost done" over a year ago. I am so very happy to see that all of our money is completely spent! :( Are you $$$$ing kidding me?! I am glad you get to travel the world and display a non-functional product (non-functional because the masses do not have the product)! I believe pigs will fly before I get my £ima! What is the Kickstarter record for the most comments? We have to be there. @ Amy -The main sticking point is usually the date (as in, too much time has passed to dispute it). See my TIPS section for details, and Lorna's post for updated (and missed) delivery dates by CGC @KC - I funded it with my bank credit/debit card, but I used the credit card function - I just don't know if my bank will treat it the same way. We'll see. See my profile for how to file a credit card chargeback: <url>#comment-8010409 @NickBentley, read what KC has to say. I have another project I backed for considerably more that is over a year behind in delivery - BUT we're seeing constant updates and the creator is active on the page, what we're getting is vastly improved over what was originally created, and we're getting a LOT of extras for waiting so long. In addition, anyone who wants a refund just has to ask and the creator will give your money back (and has done so for some backers). This is not that. This is a project that was promised as one thing that will (if it's ever delivered) be something else - and it will be something that I would never have backed if what it's become had been what it was. I want my money back, because this isn't what I backed. They won't do that, and I am probably going to have to fight with my credit card to see if I can get the money back, but if they ever actually deliver the product the likliehood of me actually attaching it to anything I own is about zero. @Andrew -yet fleecing you is going according to schedule any news on when we receive a working item ? We are nearly 12 months behind given delivery date. @Lokiracer thanks for posting ur update @lokiracer : Totally called them out on their facebook page regarding the missed meetings and what not, and they are playing "run around", quoted you from here from your post a few days ago, and still awaiting response, seems the clowns doing their social media are oblivious to what is going on in their marketing angle. Can we expect a new update tomorrow? It's 3 weeks since the last update.. Hi CGC, Is there a way to get in the beta? I would like to opt-in if possible. I can offer good objective feedback, assist with QA and help put to bed some of the fear uncertainty and doubt expressed here. I am being sincere, I genuinely want to assist and contribute. If not me, then perhaps someone else from the forum who has demonstrated an ability to be objective. If you are super brave and confident I suggest you add all active correspondents on the forum to your beta. That would be a great way to assuage some fears and win support. At the very least, can you tell us what the selection criteria for the beta group next month is? Thanks, James @Nick -Thanks for jumping in late, not reading, and then correcting the beliefs we don't hold. Lima is a scam because it was a bait-and-switch, not because it is a year late. The delay is due to incompetence. The scam happened last December when CGC changed the project from what we funded (developed product going to mfg.) to a brand new codebase in a different language. I love the people that say this is a scam. Yes, it's taking an unusually long time for CGC to develop Lima, but all of these updates combined make for a pretty elaborate scam if you ask me. If I was scamming I certainly wouldn't go this far. So in the end, it's believable that it's just taking a long time and that we'll all eventually get our devices. Even if it is two years from the backing date of the project. That's what Kickstarter is about, it's about funding the development of projects, it's not an Amazon where you buy something and get it the next day. Based on the surprises they had from the first beta* test of 3 people a large chunk of the progress chart will be finding out what they don't know doesn't work - so a blank chart saying here be monsters may not be that edifying for backers *(they had to suspend the initial beta after a period, a few weeks if memory is right, to go write / fix a load of code for the last three months) I agree with Henrik. An actual public progress tracker would go a long way to helping us understand where things are at. And perhaps would make delays easier to swallow. I think you should consider it seriously. @CGC, can you provide a list of tasks that still need completion to ship the product? Or better yet build it into your website so backers can see progress.. $1,229,074 and unable to find programmers that know their job. If it was not such a pain to get a credit from your CC-company I would have done it months ago. We are 180 comments away to 4,000 comments. Which means what? Not much..... Just a bunch of bs from CGC. @CGC... Question : is it possible to get an insight and overview into your known outstanding issues that needs to be corrected before public beta tests in december? Giving that would bring us backers back into the journey we were suppose to have together and who knows? Maybe you'll find a backer or two with valuable feedback or even solutions to your issues! It shouldn't be a problem for you to deliver this since you are (hopefully) already using some sort of modern version control, like Git or Mercurial, and getting an open issue list from these is easy. Even easier if you have issue-tracking tools on top, which i assume you have by now - being more than two years into Development and close to your public beta. Furthermore this move could perhaps move this forum talk beyond pure speculation and critismn and into a constructive talk about your current situation and constant postphoning. And for the love of god climb down from that high horse of yours and forget your arrogance for once and make an update with a real, sincere apology... Instead if another rant of excuses. You are more than two years of - if your original statements from the campaign about being almost ready to ship were true - and we have been waiting ever since... Most of that time in complete darkness. You have - in more ways than I can count - become of symbol of everything that's wrong with Kickstarter! @Steve You were just as welcome to fly to Dublin to meet with them. I wasn't in Dublin on vacation, I was there for work and therefore had to try to fit in meeting with CGC. @All I'm not quite sure what happened with CGC. I setup a time for them to meet me at my hostel and then they seemed to have changed the location. I didn't know about the change until after the meeting time. I did stop by their booth at 9:30 and they weren't there. I stopped by again after lunch and their booth was unmanned again. I feel CGC made an effort to meet with me, but am confused about why they changed the location at the last minute. Here's proof that I stopped by and they weren't available: <url>òry short @ozy or anybody else having English as their native language ,can you please form up a consumer complaint report so we can all copy paste it and file it as a claim to Delaware office of the district attorney?<url>"CGC" was just the front they used to legally use kickstarter. You have to be a US company to use Kickstarter, so Lima, a french company paid some shill company in DE to let them use the address so they could make a fake shell company called 'CGC'. ------------------------------------------ Not true. You do not have to be a US company or based in the USA to use Kickstarter to raise funds for your project. @KC Thanks. I'm going to give it a try. I received an email from Christophe about confirming shipment for my item, and he hasn't gotten back to me when I specifically asked him for the dates (obviously). Just another stall tactic. CGC team why don't you use bittorrent sync as a base of your firmware? <url>"CGC" was just the front they used to legally use kickstarter. You have to be a US company to use Kickstarter, so Lima, a french company paid some shill company in DE to let them use the address so they could make a fake shell company called 'CGC'. They've admitted to all of this, I think. They may not have admitted to the shill company bit -- but the address they used is the same as a company that specializes in doing that. @terry: Most people who have any idea of selectively handling their private information do not have Facebook nor G+. Maybe elsewhere - not a site that is known for gathering and publishing personal information or we intelligently selective people will probably not use it. @All i know ..im just putting the idea of a survey in the comment section maybe a Facebook survey page about Lima / plug / CGC team .what ever they called now ,, i just sick of the way the CGC team getting away with this SCAM @terry: Surveys can be made for free from dozens of sites outside of KS... Not an excuse. @terry -- kickstarter only lets them send one survey. Funded! This project was successfully funded on September 8, 2013. Estimated delivery: Apr 2014 Survey sent: 10/7/2013 ..... New Estimated delivery ? next year, the year after that New Survey ? @CGC -- how, where, and when will you be providing the source code for the OpenWRT derived components? @ozy: And... now you see one of the many reasons why I restate providing the source and that I am a FSF member... *AH* -- I see why Lima is refusing to ship hardware with the software is installed. Since it is based off of OpenWRT, they will be obligated to provide at least some source code -- and they are terrified as to what that means.... @Lima/CGC recently you stated A) "you can be sure our product keeps following the specifications that were given at the time of campaign" You have also previously stated B) "Technical specifications Embedded Linux (OpenWRT based)" *AND* you stated C) "We were initially using the open source solutions provided with Linux and OpenWRT to manage NTFS and HFS+ file systems. But ntfs-3g proved to be too slow, and hfsplus didn’t handle the HFS+ journal well when writing. So we switched to proprietary components" So which is it? Is it OpenWRT based (and thus Open Source), or have the technical specifications changed, and you are using a proprietary base? A, B, and C cannot all be true, because A states you didn't change the technical specifications, but C is you stating you changed the technical specification from B. fmotta my point is that they don't need to bother with the meetups to try and convince us backers that something exists. They can send a working (but buggy) lima to any backer that wants one -- WE ALREADY PAID FOR IT. If they are not providing refunds, they can at least prove a product exists -- so far everything we have seen would be trivial to fake. If they sent me my Lima, (or a refund), (I or any other vocal backer) would know they exist, and could answer questions from other backers -- and not be written off as yet another twitter shill that refuses to prove they are a backer. So far I have only seen one twitter user that claimed to be a backer -- and he flat out refused to answer any questions about Lima (despite offering to do so).... We already know who the vocal kickstarter backers are -- there is no excuse not to give them a working Lima *today* -- if such a thing exists... Lima even admitted that hardware without software is pointless " Even if our hardware adapters are ready for mass production, they still lack the firmware that transforms them into working Lima devices. " @ozy: If it does not work out-of-the-box and I do not have access to the development tools and sources then it will sit with my 3COM Audrey in storage. @fmotta -- shipping hardware without software is pointless. They can ship with buggy software as it exists *today*, and we can upgrade to the next release later. That would allow us to see what they have and if any progress has been made. @ozy: "I never backed a 'product' -- I backed a *PROJECT* -- which you abandoned last December, an started a new project to produce a similar product." Well stated. The project changed both in scope and definition in December as stated at that time by CGC themselves. @ozy: Nope - cash refund of all my payments with interest in full will likely limit my posting here. Shipping hardware that I have to design the code for will reduce my postings until CGC does the inevitable endless delay in software releases and fixes. The sad thing is that the critics would be easy to silence here - and it would not cost a dime. They could ship us one of the 'demo' units -- SOMETHING WE ALREADY PAID FOR, INCLUDING SHIPPING. @CGC: Your renewed misrepresentation of the facts were expected. Yet, you said IN YOUR OWN WORDS AND IN AN UPDATE THAT THIS HAS CHANGED SCOPE. So, either you lied before or you are lying now. In either case... it is a lie. You can argue all you want and the reality is simply that you changed scope and functionality AFTER the funding was closed and we were already locked into the original project. Now you want to extend the scope and breadth of the project claiming it is unchanged. I have been in engineering professionally since 1981 and a few years prior. I was a consultant where scope and deliverables are critical for claiming completion of the agreement. I was in a Mil-Spec role where I was the PRIMARY person who reviewed the definition and specification of many MANY (thousands of items) to determine if they are deviating from spec/scope. I cannot be fooled by your continued re-assertion of your misrepresentation. REFUND NOW Well, you claim to have the hardware, and you claim to have had some working code for 18 months. Why not ship it now to the backers that are willing to accept pre-production code. You claim to have an update feature -- we can always update when you finally get that code working... or are you unable to put your Lima where your mouth is? @Creator -"For people using their devices in the classic way, Lima will handle all their personal files." -Notice how you have to walk that way back before it even comes close to being true? It's misleading, so stop saying it. "Concerning the fact that our Kickstarter project has changed: our product is still the same. " I never backed a 'product' -- I backed a *PROJECT* -- which you abandoned last December, an started a new project to produce a similar product. "You funded a project of which the development wasn’t over." That's not true. You stated that the hardware was developed, and the major development on the software was completed. You were looking at funding to manufacture and polish the software -- not re-develop the entire product from scratch. It was only after funding ended that you changed the scope. "However, you can be sure our product keeps following the specifications that were given at the time of campaign" So what? I didn't back the product. I backed a project and a process. "The Kickstarter TOS would have been violated if we had decided to ship a product with completely different functionalities. Again, this is not the case." Or if you decided to use the money we contributed in a way that was not outlined in the project description. You took the money intended for one purpose, and used it in an entirely different way, thus violating the TOS. "Nonetheless, some have done so on Twitter. You just choose not to believe them." There is no way to know who these people are if they are not posting here. How are we supposed to tell the pre-orders and your friends from the kickstarter backers? "incorporated in the United States but our office is based in France." So you lied about being a US company. "Our past update, which showed the demo we are doing at the meetups, showed a functioning Lima. We admit the video was rushed and we'll make sure to do a better one next time. " So you don't actually *have* evidence of a working Lima then -- if that's the best demo you got. "As we've said in the past we're looking into the possibility of shipping some backers who want a non-functioning Lima, i.e. hardware without software. If this is possible, it would be at the same time as the beta tests. " I don't want a non-fuctioning one. I want one of the demo units, so that means software on it. You stated over a year ago that you were nearly done, and just had some bug fixes to do -- so you should be done several times over by now. I want to see proof that you have made any progress at all. "We have never forbidden backers from handling a Lima." When I can I expect mine in the mail then? "When they come to the meetup they can handle them as much as they want. If you look in our post about the meetups in Paris and London you even have photos of backers handling them" Where are the independent reports of backers (or even random twitter users) using one then? "We also have seen some backers at the WebSummit, and they’ve held the product. " Holding a piece of plastic does nothing to prove the hardware or software is *FUNCTIONAL*. "Regarding refunds we've explained this before. The project is still under way so we're not providing any refunds." No it's not. You canceled this project last December when you drastically changed the scope. " This response will not change, even if you continue to repeat your question every day." The fact that you are obligated to provide refunds will not change even if you are rude, and ignore that fact every day. <email> to ppl interested to participate on the class action lawsuite: please send here you name and your email address , so that the lawyer may contact you for further details <email> OR <email> Its the same address best, T. @Ikallios: Transparency is the bane of the flim-flam and disinformation is a principal tool of the scammer... see a pattern? @Ikalios -- take a look at the photos on facebook/twitter -- the photos LIMA is publishing show like 3 people, including the owner at these events. "That’s also why we held backer meetups, and will continue to do so" Are they really backers or just your friends ? I would like to see who went and if their only project backed is Lima. Because if they were real meetups, they would have been announced in a more official way and not 1 week before hidden. This lack transparency like the complete project. Also it might help if the press is informed on this. The following is an email to Wired regarding the unwillingness of Kickstarter to straighten the situation. You can send your copy if you feel like it. to: <email>, <email> Dear wired, I would be extremely interested to see an article related to the unwillingness of Kickstarter Inc. to keep companies straight. There are many cases of a suspected fraud involved but the Kickstarter Inc. is not interested to do anything. Recent alleged cases: <url>"Not that anyone in their right mind would want it to." :-) Not like they will give you a refund anyway. You can *already* claim it doesn't do what it was advertised as -- since you can't get a single file onto one right now ;-) "Since Lima manages all of your files" Why do you keep repeating this absolute bullshit over and over as you have from the beginning when it is not even close to the reality? I'm quite happy that it doesn't, I can return for a refund when it doesn't do what it is described as doing! I'm going to plug it into a clan build PC and expect to have all my program files replicated across to it to save me having to install them ;-) I can see the desire to continue with this project for SOME people and thereby understand the continued argument about the unstated specification of this fictitious entity called Lima... But: - Without a spec from CGC you are all likely arguing about a moving and selectively changing representation of what CGC wants Lima to 'be' at the temporal moment. - They should be sending refunds by all representation of the law and KS rules then (possibly) recreating the project (with the huge deficit in integrity called Fraud in this project). At that time, if you want to get them to ACTUALLY DEFINE THE PROJECT and THEN you can argue functionality based on promised vs actual. Personally, I will do whatever I can to get out of this project financially and then notify any and all that ask of what is evident on this projects pages in hopes that it will allow the potential victim - I mean backer the benefit of past behavior. What Don said. "Since Lima manages all of your files" Why do you keep repeating this absolute bullshit over and over as you have from the beginning when it is not even close to the reality? @ozy: I made no agreement to KS that I will pay them anything in the way of a 'cut' when I back a project. That agreement is between the project creator and KS/Amazon and thereby their SOLE responsibility. In short, CGC gets to 'eat' that loss and that along with the full refunds for ALL backing dollars with interest is far better than becoming the punk of a large inmate of a lock-up. @fmotta -- hell at this point, I am willing to waive the Kickstarter cut. If it goes to court, I am asking for the full amount plus interest. They are idiots for refusing at this point. @Shyster - I mean CGC: Telling us that you changed the project AFTER you get the money is far different than complying with the KS rules where you are REQUIRED to offer refunds to those who do not want to back your new idea. By your OWN admission that you informed us on 11Dec2013 about the change to the project that closed funding on 08Sep2013. You are deeply in the road of FRAUD and beyond the detour for bait-and-switch if you do not allow us to opt out with full refunds as you are NOT making what you said you were making at the time that this project closed. REFUND NOW - interest is accruing and you will find that most people will demand interest. @Lokiracer...as I said before the Dublin Meet up, I thought it was sketchy how you acted, and I question if you would actually meet with the CGC guys and record the demo. WTF dude, you let us down. "Our communication is not here to “gain time”, but to try to answer your concerns as best as possible." Then why don't you address the concerns? You have not specified how or when you will be handling refunds, nor have you bothered to satisfactorily address the long list of concerns in this thread. " That’s also why we held backer meetups, and will continue to do so." Which is actually really strange -- why are there no US meetups, given that you are supposed to be a US company? Why do you fail to advertise these meetups to everyone? Why does it appear none of the backers have actually been able to attend one? Why not just provide a video showing a working Lima, or mail one to a backer so they can verify that it exists and is functional? Why do you refuse to let backers handle the Lima devices at all? @KC, Lima controls all my files in the same way the "Moon Colonization Task Force controls all my oxygen..." -- neither one exists. @Creator -"Since Lima manages all of your files..." No. It doesn't. Show us a little respect, CGC, and stop lying to our faces. "The scope of the project wasn't changed. Our reasoning for changing the programming language was explained in a previous update here: " Do you have a straight face when you type that? A complete and total re-write of the software, and a redesign of the hardware, scrapping 2 years of prior work is *VERY MUCH* a *HUGE* change in scope from "fix a few bugs, and manufacture using a finished hardware design". "This is an entry-level position..." BWAHAHAHA! -Now *that* is a real commitment to integrity! This user's account has been deleted. Indiegogo is the same as kickstarter ...all they want is there money ...then they say ..."the project creator has to fulfill your reward" no time is set on this @Lokiracer - are you going to meet up with CGC? Well, to be fair, Kickstarter appears to have been *started* by people who only wanted to skim off the top and not provide much. Dunno. The shysters have latched onto crowdfunding and my desire to reward them for it is nil Yeah, I've not backed several projects due to the lack of KS support. Is Indiegogo any better? @ozy -I brought that to KS's attention, and they let me know how "sorry they were" that I was "unsatisfied" KS support is really just a mollification department; they only pay lip-service to project accountability. That + the influx of idiots and scammers has turned me off KS permanently. I will support board games here, and even then only from known developers with a track record. KS tech projects are a no-fly zone for me. My stance (and Kickstarter's official stance) is that creators are obligated to offer a refund if the scope drastically changes after money is collected -- which is exactly what happened here. Apologies if this link was already posted. But it's a good read: <url>"We haven't quit, so the project is not failed." It will be a 'failure' when the cash runway is all used up + however long it takes them to admit it. @sleeper -- it kicked in a year ago, when CGC decided to change the scope of the project. Unfortunately, Kickstarter's stance is 'we got your money, why should we enforce our rules?'. And at what point does this kick in? <url>"Washington State Attorney General Bob Ferguson" (<url>"Lima" had done as a starting point for a class action lawsuit. Next I would like to communicate with a lawyer that has already worked on similar Kickstarter cases. If possible, we must start a log of ppl interested to participate in the class action lawsuit. For obvious reasons we cannot create an online visible google document with ppls names and addresses. So my idea would be that everyone interested should give his/her details directly to the lawyer. Let me know if anyone has a better/different idea. They accepted money to manufacture and bug fix an almost complete device, and then used that money to develop new hardware and re-write the software from scratch -- those are all facts that they have publicly admitted to. It's not hard to prove the things that both sides agree to. @ozymandias completely agree on the "fraud", but legally we will have to prove it. @trianta -- it was not 'irresponsible' -- it was outright fraud to collect money for one purpose but to use it for a different one. @Awakened Sleeper. I am also interested to proceed to a class action lawsuit. I am not just interested to get my money back , but use the case of Lima as a way to demonstrate that none can or should use collective good will (and finances) at an irresponsible way as this company has done. If anyone is interested to take the matter of refund a step further (finding lawyers etc) please inform me. I want my full refund. 129$ + postage expenses CGC probably did not realize that one is responsible for each line of code they add to their application when it is written in C as it can adversely affect the entire system (with power comes responsibility). With Python less 'bad' can be caused since it is in a walled garden. For the experienced "any language is just another language" for the intern "all languages are new, including the language of Engineering and business". Now WE have pre-paid the price for their repeated errors in judgement. Remember... an idea is boundless a product is limited. So, my magic wand can do everything desired and your Transporter can only make files available via the internet. I win! @ozy: BTsync took me 3 minutes on one system (including download), and 2 minutes on another. MAN!! That was tough and took like FIVE MINUTES! Sounds about right. I really think that CGC missed the boat by not filing as a tax-exempt religious organization. After all, CGC requires faith instead of reason as a basis of belief, and relies entirely on donations from the devout to parasitically fund a lifestyle they are not entitled to. Yeah, Lima has argued that something that doesn't exist is superior to something that does. I believe their exact argument is that somehow a Lima is easier to set up than btsync -- despite the fact that setting up a Lima involves first inventing one. Isn't Lima supposed to be "better" than Dropbox. If I understand the reasoning correctly, Lima's non-functional C code is superior to the widely-used Python code of Dropbox. CGC logic... @James: That explains why it is soo slow. Also, its lack of performance is why I do not use it. Fmotta, Re: Python being throw away. You do know Dropbox is written in Python right? @ozy: Sort of - CGC did worse... they redesigned the hardware, extended scope, convinced others to toss the whole software idea, required that it be written using a lower-level language, added the need for resources other than the device and some user-space application, and then hid this from backers entirely. All that without assessing the available skilled staff for writing production-quality code (as opposed to scripts which are throw-away code). I think they also felt that 9 MEN can gestate a baby in 1 month (meaning they used the wrong resource and thought "more MEN applied for a month are better than one capable woman for 9 months" for the task). @fmotta you mean like starting over and re-writing the software entirely? You mean you can't do two years of work in 6 months? Yep, as usual with inexperienced people... over promise and under perform. Software is the most frequent culprit for release delays. This happens most often when some idiot changes scope and that scope exceeds the skill set of the staff. @CGC -- so in other words, you didn't bother to try proving your product exists? Color *ME* surprised. @ Ikalios -- after a year they are *FARTHER* from completion than when they started. I'm a a little (really) disappointed by how to manage your 1 year late project. 360 days of code and still not finished and now what you are doing seems only the gain time. I ask you, please tell us if you were in our place why we should have confidence in everything that you do. I'll ask in french : Dites nous, si vous étiez à notre place, après un an de délais sur du code, auriez vous confiance en ceux qui gèrent ce projet ? Merci de répondre honnêtement. @Awakened Sleeper: A pet rock is infinitely more useful and functional than non-contact lip service @Sleeper -ee my profile for how to file a credit card chargeback: <url>#comment-8010409 Give me my money back so I can go buy something infinitely more functional, like some shoes. I'm sure there is enough backers of this project to justify a class action lawsuit. And of of the 12,480 backers at least one of them must be an attorney or know one. FYI---A class action is a type of lawsuit in which the claims and rights of many people are decided in a single case. Specific plaintiffs are named in the lawsuit to assert the claims of the entire class so that everyone with the same claim or injury doesn't have to file their own separate lawsuit. Also, because they allow people whose damages are too small to warrant an individual lawsuit to try their cases together, class actions can often be the only practical way to stop illegal practices and recover ill-gotten gains. Class action suits have allowed individual people to stand up against the most powerful industries in the world and to hold them accountable for their actions. This is fucking ridiculous!! These charlatans got $1,160,074 MORE than their goal and 17 months later NOTHING!!! These guys need to refund all the money or be reported as frauds. They literally stole our money. It's companies like this that give me pause and quite frankly put the brakes on for supporting ANY Kickstarter project. Can you hear me Kickstarter? Yes, you are to to blame as well. As soon as I get my Lima sometime in 2015 I plan on framing it as a reminder. It's functionality it useless now and will be even more useless when I get it. @Drew Tennimon: <url>#comment-8010409 @Robert -the tips section in my profile covers that and also see Lorna's recent experience doing so successfully: <url>#comment-8010409 Filing a chargeback was more difficult than I thought: The charge for the pledge is out of the typical duration, and there was no guarantee that my chargeback was going to go through Appeals given that I had to present documentation. fmotta -- they are looking for suckers that wont even google their product before paying for one -- so idiots is their perfect demographic.... @ozy: The line on those bags seems rather sophomoric and is obviously catering to the least sophisticated audience possible. Much less sophistication and the audience would not understand smart phones vs. feature phone... or storage vs memory. Oh, wait - it makes sense that this would be penned by CGC! 1) Do not make sex tapes. 2) If you do then don't do it on a networked device 3) If you are so stupid that you ignored the above rules then at least turn off cloud sync 4) if you are so stupid that you think that a Lima will resolve the your shortcomings then no device will solve the problem and you may as well intentionally flash your junk to the paparazzi as you likely haven't the mental capabilities to understand discretion anyway. I think the term 'idiot' may be a compliment for the person who chose to associate that 'pitch' to any company or even an individual. @CGC How was the meet up in Dublin? are you going to post any video of the event? how many backers attended? Did you demo the two networks by turning off the wifi on the one of the smartphones? @CGC, I also want the hardware without software. What we need to do? <url>"coding for Dummies" eText "HARDWARE - rather than use your host CPU, USB3 and gigabit NIC, Lima provides 2005 era hardware" Raspberry Pi + btsync would appear to be all you need to make a 'Lima'.... There were no solid colour choices on the 'dashboard' only white with a band so even if they were made they sure aren't being offered to backers..... This user's account has been deleted. So at this point, what sets Lima apart from its competitors is what, exactly? SOFTWARE - BTsync, Odrive, Owncloud, others, all do what the not yet completed Lima code might do HARDWARE - rather than use your host CPU, USB3 and gigabit NIC, Lima provides 2005 era hardware Sad and laughable how CGC keeps pretending that delivering a product someday will save this godforsaken project. <url>"Does it matter? Criminals and con-men ought to be punished regardless of their ability to pay. Should you let a 103 year old man commit murder because 'life in prison' is 'not that long' for them? I would be happy with prison time, and no financial 'win' at all." This is irrelevant to my point which is, and always has been solely: "Is suing a good method for recovery of funds for backers." Whether or not CGC criminally guilty is certainly up for debate (Personal I think it's a civil matter, not a criminal matter), but this doesn't change whether we'll ever see significant financial return if we sue. "You are right that a court victory may not result in much financial reward for the backers -- but that's not the point. I would hope that few, if any, people attempt to enforce laws and ethics out of a desire for financial gain." This is where the practical and ideal side of things comes into play. Corporations, regularly, play this game. And individuals, to a lesser extent, do so as well. What's more important at this point to you ozy: Getting your money back to seeing CGC punished? Perhaps I'm just more shallow but I don't see what good 'punishing' CGC at this point does. I don't see the company every thriving... I don't see the creators doing something like this again. I don't see CGC endangering others to a large extent. So a punishment "for the greater good" doesn't fit here, in my opinion. A punishment to see CGC feel the pinch for what they've done to us... that has some merit to it. But honestly, if it's a question between seeing them feel the pinch vs. me getting my $80 back? I'll take the $80. If CGC where to contact me today and say: "Here's your money back... just agree that you won't sue us." Heck, I'd do that deal in a heart beat. @ Chris "A.) Do you think that CGC has significant assets, whether liquid or not, that could be confiscated from them?" Does it matter? Criminals and con-men ought to be punished regardless of their ability to pay. Should you let a 103 year old man commit murder because 'life in prison' is 'not that long' for them? I would be happy with prison time, and no financial 'win' at all. "B.) Do you think there is sufficient prove of intentional wrong doing that a court would allow for "piercing the corporate veil"?" I am not a lawyer -- but I believe that the corporate veil cannot protect you against charges of fraud. You cannot start an LLC, and then sell arsenic claiming it cures cancer -- the LLC won't protect you there. In this case, all a judge would need to do is request documentation and a demonstration of the product as it existed at the launch of the Kickstarter, to determine if the claims made in the Kickstarter project were reasonable. E-Discovery should easily be able to demonstrate the validity of those claims if they are true. You are right that a court victory may not result in much financial reward for the backers -- but that's not the point. I would hope that few, if any, people attempt to enforce laws and ethics out of a desire for financial gain. I've written my money off as lost -- I won't likely see a refund, and the new, redesigned Lima is far too little, far too late, and far too poorly written to be worth what I have paid for it. At this point, I would like to see these con men punished, to deter future criminals -- and to punish Kickstarter for their role. @Ozy... for the sake of argument, let's say you're 100% correct. (There's a few nitpick issues I have with what you're your saying... but for the most part I agree.) A.) Do you think that CGC has significant assets, whether liquid or not, that could be confiscated from them? B.) Do you think there is sufficient prove of intentional wrong doing that a court would allow for "piercing the corporate veil"? I would argue that the answer to both of those question is "No." Given that, going after CGC legally would provide for little, if any, financial recovery. Please note: I'm ONLY trying to say here that suing CGC is, in my opinion, a poor method for *financial* recovery. I'm not justifying CGCs actions, nor am I saying that a court would rule in favor of CGC. I just feel that even a positive verdict for backers would produce a relatively small financial recovery. @Chris "1.) I did a poor job of managing the assets given to me, but I did make an honest effort. That is, I didn't deliberately miss-manage or screw things up on purpose. 2.) The assets were given to me with the understanding that there wasn't a guarantee of any sort." Neither of these cases apply here. This is *NOT* an issue of 'mismanaged funds' -- this is a case of outright fraud. They were given funds based on their description of the project -- and they made several concrete statements that were not true. They accepted funding based on false pretenses. They lied to get money. That is the issue. What they did with the money doesn't matter. They could have been the worlds best money managers, they could be able to account for and justify every single penny spent. They could have even invested it and made a profit -- it does not matter if they were 100% legal with the money once they got it -- they got it under false pretenses. @ Chris "There's a idealistic and practical side to everything in life. Idealistically I'd like to see CGC "punished" for just a poorly managed project and for taking my $80 and 11 months later not even being close to delivering anything (let alone what was originally promised). " I don't *CARE* that it's been mis-managed. If I had backed a project to develop the Lima hardware and software, delays are to be expected. I backed a near-finished project to fund the last-mile production of hardware -- while delays are to be expected with this sort of project, they are a *subset* of those of a full development -- and we have yet to run into a delay that would have also bit the fully developed project I backed. Kickstarter projects can be, and frequently *ARE* delayed due to mismanagement. That's something I accepted. I *did not* accept paying for one project, and having Lima use the money to work on a completely different one. Delays are par for the course -- and are part of the KS TOS -- outright fraud is not. @Chris -that is not how it works. It's not a marriage with assets from the marriage to divide. These are financial damages. @fmotta - call again, give December as the missed date. There are tips on my profile. You may have to call more than once, but you will get the $ back Just to add... let's say that CGC employee "Larry Smith" owns a car and a home. After the CGC project, the company "paided" him a nice salary of $100K. He used this to buy himself a nice sports car and put a down payment on a vacation home. I can see a court ordering him to sell the sports car and the vacation home to pay back backers, but not his original home or car. Charge back failed since this was long ago... So, I am screwed because I allowed CGC the benefit of the doubt for far too long. RE: "piercing the veil": But to what extent? For example: I have some level of assets myself. House, cars, personal items, as well as some savings. All this obtained legally. If I started a business like this and failed miserably, how much could a plaintiff get from me given a few conditions: 1.) I did a poor job of managing the assets given to me, but I did make an honest effort. That is, I didn't deliberately miss-manage or screw things up on purpose. 2.) The assets were given to me with the understanding that there wasn't a guarantee of any sort. Again, I'm not a lawyer by any stretch... I just have a hard time seeing a court saying: "Chris...you really made a mess of things here. We know you meant well and weren't trying to screw people over, plus the people who bought in did it knowing that there was a possibility of failure. Still, we ordering you to not only liquidate all company assets, but you're also going to have to sell your property that you owned BEFORE this venture in order to pay them back." I would agree that that KC. File the chargeback. Much better odds of getting a reasonable return. Unfortunately, I'm kinda screwed myself. I paid with a pre-paid credit card which I've long since thrown away as it was used up. I'm not sure there is anything I can do. :( @Chris -"Piercing the veil" allows you to go after the personal assets of the business principals. @KC: "Fraud charges open the books. Damages are awarded to plaintiffs and are not limited to "cash on hand" in any legal system I know of." True, but if there isn't "cash on hand", how will we get paid? Let's say we're successful in suing and the court orders CGC to pay back every penny to backers. But CGC only has $20K in cash. After selling off assets they raise about $80K. Now what? Even if we "pierce the veil" and go after the bank accounts of the creators, we might get another $100K... maybe. Then what? CGC will go bankrupt... the creators might even declare bankruptcy. So we've got $200K before lawyer's fees. Maybe $120K after? Divide by nearly 13K backers and we're back to getting less than $10 recovered. I'm not saying we wouldn't win... just that it's not a practical way to try to recover funds. @Chris B -What everyone *should* do is file a credit card chargeback. Then Amazon will do the hard work of getting blood from these turnips. I agree that a lawsuit is not likely to amount to much. See my profile for how to file a chargeback. @ozy... I disagree with some of what you're saying here. I certainly not trying to defend CGC. Rather I'm saying that I do think there is a large pool of funds available to go after in court. I don't disagree that CGC has failed to deliver and done some very questionable things. My point is that suing CGC, and "piercing the corporate veil" would be done with the intent of going after funds that the creators have supposedly stock piled. My argument is that CGC is okay and fine with what they've done, just that suing serves relatively no purpose. There's a idealistic and practical side to everything in life. Idealistically I'd like to see CGC "punished" for just a poorly managed project and for taking my $80 and 11 months later not even being close to delivering anything (let alone what was originally promised). But practically speaking, pursuing legal action isn't likely to get me more than $10 back, best case scenario. And then probably not for another 2+ years. Ideally, CGC screwed up and I'd like to get my money back from them. Practically, suing them is going to be the least productive way to recoup any costs. Should someone desire to contact me to include me in a class action type of suit then feel free to post it and I will jump at the chance to find way of putting a ka-bosh on this bait-n-switch scam. What ozymandias said. Fraud charges open the books. Damages are awarded to plaintiffs and are not limited to "cash on hand" in any legal system I know of. I had a friend who was successfully sued for real-life dollars over poorly written stock *options* that he never executed by a creditor that bought his former company's assets in bankruptcy. In contrast, lawyers making a case against CGC who took real money and then moved the goalposts seems trivial. (the vagaries of France's personal property laws excepted) @Chris -- I believe that the real scam is that they described an almost finished product on Kickstarter -- one that very clearly did not exist. They raised money under false pretenses, without the ability *or intent* to deliver on what they pitched. They then used the money they raised to develop the product on a vastly longer time frame. The fraud is that they mislead the public and accepted funding on false pretenses, and then used that money in a way that is incompatible with the description they gave. It doesn't *MATTER* how much the 18 people's salary is, or how much the office space cost -- because that is *not* what this Kickstarter was about. They claimed to have all of those costs finished. They needed to fix a few bugs, and then pay the manufacturer in China to assemble a previously developed product. They did not need 18 developers a year to do that -- they needed a month or two -- they stated that they would be delivering a finished good in 6 months *total*. It was only after we swallowed the bait, and gave them the money that they switched the scope of the project to include these other things that were not part of the original project we agreed to back. *That* was the scam. There is no *IF* they are running a scam -- there has never been any evidence that they ever intended to do anything else. The question is *what* was the scam, and *what* to do about it. You are right, suing and seeing the financial information won't help -- the information you want with a lawsuit like this would be to force Lima to provide documentation that they had a working, nearly completed prototype when they *launched* the Kickstarter campaign. @Ozy: Well there is that too. But, really testing the device is like saying your laptop is safe because you scanned its disk for viruses once. @KC, Perhaps... as I said, I'm not a lawyer, so I can't say for certainty. I would suspect that financials might come out, but how does that help? I suspect also that it might be possible to "pierce the veil", but again, how does that help? *IF* CGC is scamming us... that is *IF* they put little of the million dollars into the product itself and instead gave themselves nice hefty pay checks in the six figure range, then yeah... getting the financials out and trying to get some of that money back is probably worth the effort. But I question if anyone really believes that this is what is happening. The CGC team is what... like 18 people? Let's assume, for the sake of argument, that this is all a Scam and they have, more or less, taken our money and run. Further, let's assume that there's maybe only 2-3 people in on it and they are pulling the wool over everyone else at CGC. And, let's assume that they gained another $2 million in funding elsewhere. So, we've got ~$3 million of cash after Kickstarter fees. We need to pay around 15 employees for a year... let's say and average of $40K each. That's $600K out the window. They need to rent office space and provide furniture and at least something resembling technology there to pull off the scam with the 15 employees who are in the dark. Probably another $200K there. There's plenty of picture/video evidence of *something* being produced in China. Even if it's just the plastics and the electronics are stock footage or photoshopped crap, we're still got some expense there. Plus things like a website, Shirts, etc. etc... probably another $200K there. So, even if we assume a scam we can account for roughly $1 million. That leaves about $2 million un-accounted for. Now, $666K per person (assuming 3 people who are "in on" the original scam is nothing to sneeze at. But is it really something that you'd risk jail time over? Furthermore, if you WHERE scamming, why continue the pretense at this point? Why continue to: A.) Keep your name/face out there, and B.) run up more bill, cutting into your scam profits? It just doesn't make sense. I would not be surprised if there is some misuse of funds... Maybe even as much as $500K. But let's say we all successfully sue to get that much back. First of all, 2/3 will go to the venture capitalists who put up the $2 million before backers see a dime. Then you gotta figure about half the winnings will go to the lawyers. That leaves $83K... divided by 12.8K backers... each person will receive about $6.50 back... less than 10% of their money invested. At this point I'd rather see if they can actually produce something (finally) and then see what I can get on eBay. @James "what is stopping you doing a pen test on this thing yourself? " The fact that Lima refuses to let backers even *SEE* a working device, let alone touch one, or the code makes that a little hard. @Chris B -I think you left out that in a lawsuit, CGC's financials would become a matter of open record and every dollar spent a point of contention requiring justification. Further, CGC does not need to have the money on hand to be penalized a certain amount. Not sure what is entailed in piercing the corporate veil in France would be, but in the US, it can and does happen. <url>"principle" is possible. Now if a person/group takes the money without ever putting in any effort (or really shotty effort) to make the project succeed, then there's potential for legal action. I don't think this is the case with CGC. Yes the project failed, and yes you could make a strong case that CGC was incompetent at times in the process. But I don't think you could legal make the case that CGC isn't putting forth a good faith effort to make this work. I'm not a lawyer so I may be wrong here, but I think you'd have a hard time proving in court that CGC deliberately sought take the money and run without trying to make it work. I think most courts would argue that you assume a degree of risk with backing a project and if the creator makes an honest effort to try, but still fails, that falls under the risk you assume. 2.) Even if I'm wrong (again... not a lawyer! I might be WAY off on my assumptions here), I seriously doubt that there are much funds that you could recover from CGC. Contrary to what some people are saying here, I sincerely doubt that CGC has lined their pockets with tons of cash and that there's laughing at us backers. I'm certainly not implying that they are working for minimum wage and pushing ever penny back into the project they can, but I also doubt they are taking six figure salaries. I would guess that the majority of money from the project has gone into the project... that includes salaries for the employees of course. But I doubt they have a pool of cash ready for pay out legal penalties. Just my opinions. @CGC, I pledged for the black units. It looks like you've only developed white ones with some lame color. I'd like a full refund. Can we go after CGC legally? The whole wait and see us fail since we've already run away with your money game has gotten old. I bet CGC is sitting back and twiddling their thumbs while applying for other jobs or doing other projects, having supplied them with the capital they needed for their stock portfolios. Delays, excuses, unrealistic initial assertions regards delivery and some serious concerns from those far more technical than myself. Before going to KS funding a lot of these issues should have been addressed and a much, much more realistic timescale presented to backers. We are now approaching a year overdue.......if this continues I will join the disgruntled refund queue. Thanks. So did I. :/ @KC: 'Fraid we lost touch. @Aaron: The sole difference I see is this limitation: no, Tripmate support windows format USB storage devices (NTFS / FAT 16 / FAT 32) @Don -do you have a current email addy for Phasmid? If so, can you ask him to email me? @James A.: Thanks for the useful info and analysis. sorry for my ignorance, what are the primary differences/benefits of the Lima over the Hootoo Tripmate Elite that has been available for quite some time now? OOPS - This is NOT a backup - this is replication. Sorry about the misnomer. Of course, since CGC has not discussed co-located servers the we are all bound by traffic limitations to France based servers and our connections to them... talk about a fragile foundation for a backup! Hell, even my VPN servers have many locations all over the world and they don't actually get between me and my hard drive! @James: Let's assess pen testing - Testing a system for potential weaknesses that can allow infiltration or penetration. If I test a Lima I am testing part of the system. The other parts include the backbone, the firewall, the session, the building containing any servers, the personnel in the building, the networking for the building and the security of it all. This is not something someone generally does without the knowledge of the company operating the system or litigation can ensue. So, Why don't we pen test these ourselves? Well, for one few of us want to ear the fun orange jumpers and many of us are not in France. The Lima started out a being an improvement to a device like an Addonics USB NAS and that is what I backed. It has grown beyond that to be compared to transporter, backblaze, and synology NAS. Lima is not in the same category as these products (at least as it was defined on the backers pitch). It was a small device that allows you to attach a number of USB drives to the network via an RJ45 cable. In other words - an Addonics USB NAS with some improvements. I use backblaze already. I also have a couple Synology NAS devices, owncloud, bt-sync, and many more - oops a Pogo plug too!. So, what I have read from CGC is I do not need a Lima as it cannot support the capacity and likely not the performance. So, CGC, Refund please so I can bail from your train before it the wreckage stops moving. KC, If I can orphan files on the LIMA that SHOULD be on my devices then that would be a disaster, CGC, can you confirm if this is possible? i.e. files I have not deleted on my PC will be replaced with a stub or pointer to something on the LIMA device and if the LIMA breaks I lose the underlying file. Can you clarify if this is what happens? I would hope the physical file NEVER gets removed from the source machines unless I delete it. Having LIMA as a delayed delete would be cool though... So I could effectively undo an accidental deletion. KC. I to will most likely not use the LIMA device for real, I am way to skeptical. But I will test it out if it ever ships... I have a morbid curiosity! Thanks, James Henrik, I totally agree. Sounds like your set up is very similar to mine. I backed LIMA to fill the gap in syncing. But I agree with you, its time has passed. There are many better options now... Thanks, James @CGC, whats the update on the non-working Lima devices. I would really rather have a non-working Lima. I'm sure my Non-working Lima should ship before the next 100 beta testers. Please give an update for those of us who wants the non-working Lima. Thanks @James.. I already have such a scenario - just with a QNAP NAS instead if Lima, since I saw the trouble brewing more than a year back. So today all my devices sync to my NAS, which then backups on Crashplan (and two other NAS just to be safe). It just works... Lima - for me - far outlived its relavance and its time window... But that doesn't mean that I wont follow up on my investment :-) I'm still waiting for that break-through day when CGC finally admits their mistakes and make a simple apology to their backers - instead of playing arrogant in every update they make. They lost their backers, all faith, all schedules and plans long ago... Now they should be fighting to save their name in the Internet/Social media connected world. Bad reps travels real fast in the IT world... And even Partech has to be realizing this by now! @James -Not only can you do that, imagine the scenario where you change devices and now the ONLY real copy is on a USB drives with some ill-defined RAID-like or JBOD setup. I am pretty sure that to back up your Lima content, you would first need to (manually) localize all content to one endpoint and run your backup there. e.g. Backblaze or Crashplan on your PC. Not sure about you, but manually marking files to be local in order to protect them miscarries the entire purpose of the device. Not only would I have to have all my files at one endpoint, I have a nightmare ensuring that the local switches are complete and up to date. :/ Moot point though, CGC software will never touch a system I do. KC, I hope you don't mean that I can tell my devices to remove any synced files and leave pointers back to the LIMA in their place? i.e. I let all my files sync then tell it I don't want the local copies? If that is the case then yes, backups of the LIMA are essential. I wouldn't use a system like that... I agree with you about the rabbit hole! This is my chief concern with LIMA. The way the sync, conflicts and changes are done is EVERYTHING in the product and I have to admit I don't have a great deal of confidence here. Thanks, James @James -In many cases, the USB attached to Lima will be the ONLY copy of a file, with pointers extant on your phone/computer, etc. As it was explained to me, when you connect a device to Lima, the files already on that device are automatically kept as local and a copy placed on Lima. All other devices get a pointer to that file unless you manually tell it to localize as well. (Don't even go down the rabbit hole of how Lima might manage two 'local' copies and changes.) So, if the Lima USB drive dies *and* you still have all your devices and have not turned off the local switch, you might still have all your files. Hypothetically speaking, of course. KC, Right. That would be my guess also. Totally agree, LIMA is NOT a backup solution by any stretch! CGC, if this is the case, I think you should make it clearer that Backblaze or any other cloud backup is not part of the LIMA ecosystem in any way, its independent of it. If you want to endorse them fine, but make it clear they aren't integrated with LIMA (unless you have a deal somehow and they are?) Thanks, James Henrik, I get your use case, and I agree a RAID config gives you what you want. I also agree its a good question to ask CGC as I can see it making sense from your perspective. I still maintain its not really a big deal... Your data should be sync across multiple devices anyway so who cares if the LIMA dies. By definition it has to be in at least 1 other place. If you are worried why not buy a USB chassis that supports RAID 1 and use that as your LIMA drive. Job done no? Personally I just like the idea of being able to sync stuff easily across all my devices. I have other fit for purpose backup solutions in place for everything. Thankfully I now have a sync product (not LIMA! I got bored of waiting and have to many concerns!) that works really well, so that problem is solved now also. Thanks, James @James -I think the idea is you back up the workstation as if Lima is not there. Since your content is on the workstation *and* the Lima USB drive, you are covered. IOW, Lima is not a backup plan despite "everything is in Lima." CGC, Can you explain how LIMA works with backblaze? This would only work if the LIMA drive appears to be mounted on a host system? Backblaze will only backup directly attached USB drives. Thanks, James fmotta, I am sorry, but you have completely lost me. I think I am out of your league technically. Some small comments (cos I can't help myself...) It was me that suggested the install puts things in /usr/bin not CGC. If they are doing that then its pretty dumb I agree... I suspect however its probably the need to add the daemon to launchd or something like that. The thing HAS to run all the time or its useless right? For the record... Heaps of applications do this on the Mac. I think "Intrusion"is a little over the top. I took the time to look at what an Addonics NAS was and I misunderstood. Its a thing that connects USB drives to the network right? You are using one of these? Behind your 4 firewalls? Thanks, James On pen testing... What is stopping you doing a pen test on this thing yourself? Or getting one done yourself. Surely if you are security conscious like that, that is the best way to do it to assuage any fears? Chris to further clarify, I read a response from CGC somewhere saying their point to point traffic is encrypted. But you are right, it is conjecture as to what that encryption is... That said if its anything other than a well understood open standard (SSL/TLS or the like) then I would drop LIMA like a stone... There is no reason to be writing your own crypto today unless you are a cryptographer. Thanks, James Chris Lewis, I have no affiliation with CGC at all other than the same one as you. I am a frustrated backer. I have asked a few technical questions and got answers, I have filled in some blanks with my own understanding of these things. I have just questioned a few of the assertions in this comments thread because I don't think some of them are very productive. Thanks, James Chutzpah When I reach my lima to my home in Spain ? As much as we're all waiting backers ago. :( @Dave... I have found that the talent it takes to use millions of lines of other peoples code to make something for yourself is often lacking in the up-start developers. Especially those who have a problem understanding their own code much less code written years ago by a skilled person. Also, some foolish companies perceive that NIH (not-invented-here) is more important than it is in reality. Having worked with both sorts of companies (those with more real perceptions and those who think coding stuff themselves is better) I have learned that I will tend toward the realists who know that reinventing a perfectly good wheel is a loss in time and sanity. This user's account has been deleted. @loki: Yep, and nope - UPnP has been ruled out for all networks that have any inkling of security. Well, unless all traffic such traffic is stopped at or before the edge firewall. So, yes - I have no desire to connect to some unknown server from a company that is challenged in simple software development challenges. Well, let's hope that they have the relative responsibility to make all open source available and even better ALL source available (after all, I am a FSF member and can assert that this be pressed by the foundation). @fmotta CGC has stated that if your network can't use UPnP, then you will be required to use some server/tunnel/VPN system they are building. Ignoring security issues with that, it's a massive product flaw for when CGC goes under and can't keep those servers running. Christopher: That is a good idea. Since we still do not know if lima is reliant on something outside of users control (like a lima server or relay or ...) I'd like to extend that to include all systems and networks that CGC provides services or retains customer data in the pen test (and that it be done by an independent qualified 3rd party). CGC will you offer up Lima to a penetration testing company to see how easy it is to break into? From my reading it'll have the firmware on it to auto update to pull down the software when you first connect it to the internet so won't be completely 'clean'. Otherwise they have built all the hardware, packaged it and would have to unpackage to put the software onto it...... @CGC When are you sending my unit. I want the unit without software. You said you will receive them from China. Send my unit asap or give me a refund @James... I think you are misunderstanding my proposed setup. I intend to use lima as the data source for backups - not the actual backup. If all my critical data is gathered on lima i can back up that device frequently and that would mean that i have my data on at least two places and if we are not talking about persisted data three times, as they would also be on device. For yhis setup to work, However, means that Lima should be a fairly stable, non-corruptive source in the time between data arrives on the Lima to the time backup is completed. For this RAID mirroring provides a fairly good basis. I hope you can see that :-) Hi James, can I clarify what involvement you have with developing / writing for CGC? Unless someone working for CGC gives information it is conjecture about what methods they are using. Personally I'd like them to give a unit over to a white hat for a few weeks to see what they can do to it @James: For me the term "production system" can be interpreted as "containing any data that I care about" whether that data be pics of PCBs I designed or something more difficult to recreate. If I have to punch holes in a firewall to use lima then it also is not viable for any application. Few know how to punch these holes and seldom do any of the automated tools for this function work with the 4-level firewalls that we maintain. The intent for my backing this project was to get an improved Addonics USB NAS that supported modern file systems for the situations when I need to move data across systems or share data (like simulation databases or kernel sources or SDKs). The scope of this project has grown well beyond its advertised intent and it is taking far too long and it is a far greater challenge than the initial scope. Thus, it is NOT what i backed (in both the written scope by Lima and the scope of my intended use). It now includes intrusion into the host OS (be it installing apps in /usr/bin - /Applications - ...) and more. None of which are something I take lightly when I choose applications. The scope of taking openwrt/dd-wrt and porting it to the Addonics and adding a few scripts was something I feel any high school kid can achieve and was not nearly as intrusive as what this has grown into. So, since GCG has taken root kits off the list of things Even YOU can drop it - I had. As for scope change/bait-n-switch.. well that is still and will always be a truth WRT this project. As for if I feel I can trust the quality of this for even the scope I intended its use? Well, not if I cannot use a network attached drive without installing software onto stable systems. Remember - this is a NETWORK ATTACHED MASS STORAGE DEVICE. Anything else is dubious if it was within the original scope. But, as I have stated several times - since CGC failed to provide a spec or scope for what they are NOW making we are all speculating on if it will even consume electrical power much less perform some beneficial function while consuming power. Ozy, To respond to your comments finally... I don't understand what you (or others) mean by "not doing a FUSE implementation properly" and resorting to a root kit. Large chunks of the low level clever code in this product are handled via FUSE. It would probably be harder to use a "root kit" (however you define that) than to use FUSE. So its a bit of a empty argument to say they would just use a root kit, when that doesn't even buy them the functionality they require. In terms of what I mean by "production system"... Comments about using to extend existing NAS systems scare the shit out of me. Its not for that. Also this would NEVER fly in many business environments because the local IT departments can't control it, there are no enterprise tools for managing LIMA and nor should their be. No corporate IT team is going to allow you to bang holes in firewalls to allow LIMA to work, let alone the lack of control over the flow of data and potential leakage of intellectual property. Maybe I can see a use case for it in a small team for collaboration, but there are much better tools than LIMA (or the proposed LIMA anyway) for that. I don't think it takes a genius to say LIMA is for you to have on your system at home to sync your personal data across all your personal devices. Its not something that will ever have a place in a large corporate IT environment. I am not advocating running it in a VM as a core use case. My point was if you are concerned about what something is doing at install time or run time, profile it in a sandbox before you use it for real. I think we can put to bed the scary prospect of LIMA eating your filesystem. Their wording on that is bad. I think "replacing your filesystem" is a bad and wrong way of pitching it, it scared me when I read it! It doesn't do that at all... I don't want to labour the point, but FUSE provides that layer above the native FS and manages all the interactions. In terms of Mobiles... I don't know enough about Android to say if you can break the FS on an Android device, but I sure as hell know about IOS and unless you jailbreak the phone (and there is no Jailbreak for IOS 7 or 8) there is no way you can get close enough to the filesystem on an IOS device to destroy anything, the worst it can do is kill itself and even that is pretty hard. So... Its not accurate to scare monger about LIMA destroying your phone or even your PC/MAC really. There are plenty of other scary things about it though, but I will leave those to your imagination. On RAID... I have explained why I think this is a straw man. I don't think RAID on the LIMA side adds anything or makes sense. If you think your LIMA disk is going to cause you unrecoverable data loss in your environment without a RAID solution on the end of it, then I believe your use case is flawed. Its not a backup or DR device and shouldn't be treated like one. However... Without selective sync I can see there being real data management issues with the LIMA and it not scaling well for sure. This is one of the issues I have with it as well. On security... Yes there is a claim to be made that not having your data physically stored in "the cloud" is more secure for you personally, so that claim from LIMA I can buy. But that only stacks up if the sync mechanism across the network is also secure. I am not sure how secure the LIMA sync mechanism is so I don't really know overall how secure the system is yet. Hence... No more or less secure than a traditional cloud storage provider. In terms of my comments about sticking to the issues... I too asked for a refund, but in hindsight it is pointless. Thats not the way kickstarter works. Its a complete punt, some you lose some you win. However I think we should be able to return goods after they are shipped for a full refund if we so desire. My problem with some of the stuff in the comment threads is the conspiratorial nature of some of the claims, scare mongering and FUD. Even though I have a bone to pick with CGC myself, I don't think its fair to just chuck around unfounded claims and build strawman arguments they can't defend against. If we ever want to be taken serious as some sort of creditors (unsecured) in this mess we need to at least stick to the facts and not stoop to muck raking. Thanks, James Henrik, Your use case doesn't make sense. Using the Lima as a critical backup solution is not its for and it certainly isn't fit for that purpose. If the LIMA is your only "backup" then you are hosed.... I can see it being useful if you did have a catastrophe and it saved your ass as a last line of defence, but that would be luck more than design and not as something you rely on for backup. Its just not the right solution. Besides, why not just stick another LIMA on your network and spread the risk that way? Thanks, James @James: read where CGC has admitted that they are having trouble with simple aspects of development such as mutexes and localization. This is a something I would replace an unpaid intern for finding to be a problem/challenge much less paid staff. So, I re-assert that CGC is in violation of the KS terms and is required to refund the money to all who request it. This is a bait-n-switch with a prepaid ransom. Given that they *still* refuse to demo anything or let a backer see anything substantive -- *AND* they admitted that they are still working with a single folder.... @Ozymandias : interesting... Wonder how much space is allocated to versions (delta-information) and wherter this can be controlled in any way? I don't want to waste space on version control and delta-info for my image thumbnails and jpeg-versions, but very much so on the raw-version. I don't want delta-info for my dvd- and Blu-ray rips, but very much so on my documents. But perhaps CGC can cast some light on this functionality, sinse it must be neigh on finished by now, if they still plan to hold real beta-tests on december? @CGC: Thanks for the clarification and statement that you Intend to have a review by qualified 3rd party. This should be an INDEPENDENT qualified 3rd party. Having been a developer for a duration that is likely longer than your oldest employee has been breathing I can say that your statement regarding the change in the KS project and my response to your statement is "Bollocks, you changed scope, behavior, foundation, definition, and implementation along with schedule and functionality". What I backed is not what you are describing now. @henrik/James -- keep in mind that one of the features that Lima supposedly provides is "Get back old versions of your thesis after a wrong save." or "Browse old versions of your documents " and "Every version of your work is backed up Lima makes it incredibly easy to back up your belongings. Every time you change something on your devices, Lima saves a version of it at Home. So if you mess up this very important document, you can roll back to an old version of it in only two clicks. " This is *NOT* data that you are likely to have on other devices -- your PC *MIGHT* have local versioning, but I highly doubt that phones will -- and even if it did, importing those previous versions into a new Lima would not be trivial. @ Chris B -- check out my comment here: <url>#comment-8238234 Either they are RAIDing those drives, they are JBODing them (which is insanely stupid) or they are just 'lumping' them together with concern for aggregating the free space (which is only moderately stupid). Only one of those solutions is even close to what the project description implies -- they imply that by adding more drives, you have more space on your lima -- not an additional partition to manage on it -- in fact they explicitly state "Need more storage? You don't need to split your pictures and your documents between multiple hard drives anymore. Just add a drive to Lima, and it will instantly make all your devices bigger." That means they are JBODing or RAIDing -- and JBOD is not acceptable -- your risk of datalose increase linearly with the number of drives -- 2 drives fail and lose data 2x as often as 1, 8 drives 8 times as often, etc. While they can technically be using JBOD, that goes directly against all their claims of Lima being 'safer' than CrashPlan or BackBlaze -- both services that use RAID to protect against data loss. To sum it up '8 independant drives' would not fit with the claims and descriptions on the project page -- nor would JBOD. @James...There are many situations where backup of your lima makes sense. Let me give you one obvious one.... Suppose your lima is storing data from a device that is lost or broken. This data has yet to be persisted on Another device and therefore only exist on your lima. Considering how often i switch Phone and other gadgets i want my data centralized, secured and easy to access (for me) and easy to share! If lima is the central hub for my data - persisted and orphaned - i want it to be backed up accordingly. lokiracer, Yep convergent encryption is interesting for many reasons... In fact this is why there are very large online databases (private and public) of a lot of copyright content, so they can build the hashes to do piracy detection. Its really interesting watching how this stuff is panning out! A lot of the content providers are doing some interesting stuff with it as well, because the hashes allow them to detect portions or programming as well which means they can link straight into the middle of video content (for example) and create some cool dynamic content... Like being able to show you where on a map of MiddleEarth on your iPad the heroes are at the point in the movie you are watching. So not only nasty applications for this stuff, so pretty cool things going on and a lot of fun to watch as I said! But I ramble and that is whole other discussion... :-) Thanks, James Lokiracer, Yes... That is the way MS and Google do it for Hotmail/Outlook and Gmail. But trust me, the majority of US based cloud companies (if not all) can decrypt your data unless you are using third-party crypto. Have a scan of the dropbox T&C's and privacy policy. They state it directly. Thanks, James Also, look at convergent encryption: <url>"scanning" your content stored in the cloud, aren't generally actually seeing your content. They take a fingerprint of what the copyrighted (and more commonly illegal content, such as child porn) and compare their fingerprint with fingerprints from your content. They aren't actually seeing your content. Here's an explanation of how Microsoft and Google do it: <url>". We are also working on the possibility to plug two drives on a single Lima," Um -- the project states "With a simple USB hub, you can connect up to eight drives per Lima. " so you better not just be working on it -- it better be delivered. >> They were specifically talking about plugging in two drive and replicating between them. The "connect up to 8" is referring to 8 independent drives, so you're wrong to attack them over that issue. And about everything else well... yeah... you're spot on there! @CGC "@Ozymandias, @fmotta: As we said in our previous responses concerning the fact that our Kickstarter project has changed: our product is still the same. " It does not matter *AT ALL* if the resulting product is 'the same' -- I did not *just* fund a product. I funded a proposal that involved creating a product. The proposal I funded did *not* include 'scrapping 2 years of work and starting over' -- the proposal *I* funded included a product that was 'nearly ready' with 'proven, tested hardware', and software that you were 'currently in the process of optimizing our application code to transform it into production-grade software.' That is *NOT* the project you are running. You scrapped the hardware, and started over. You scrapped the software and re-wrote it in another language -- neither of which are changes that I accepted. These changed predictably had a drastic impact to your original plans of delivering in a month. While the resulting product is superficially similar -- I didn't just fund a product. " It’s normal for technical details to change over the course of development." That's my point entirely. The project *I* backed was *DONE* with development. You were *NOT* asking for funding to develop a Lima device. You claimed to have it developed and needed money to polish it up, and manufacture it. "However, you can be sure our product keeps following the specifications given at the time of campaign." The product might be -- but as *MANY* users have pointed out, the project was about more than the product. You bait-n-switched the process on us. We were sold a project with little to no development risks, *BECAUSE THE DEVELOPMENT WAS DONE*. As soon as you got our money, you changed the scope of the project to include the re-developement of the product -- and violated the Kickstarter TOS by not offering refunds when the original *PROJECT* failed. I backed a *PROJECT*, not a *PRODUCT*, and that *PROJECT* is an abject failure. ". We are also working on the possibility to plug two drives on a single Lima," Um -- the project states "With a simple USB hub, you can connect up to eight drives per Lima. " so you better not just be working on it -- it better be delivered. "Our app creates a file explorer to browse through your files. On the Lima app, you see the integrality of your files and you can have access to all of them remotely." That's not what the project description says. In fact, you lambaste Dropbox for using a special app to access data. You state "There's no dedicated folder where you have to move your files into. All your files are on Lima, from the files on your Desktop to the files in your Movies folder. So you don't need to copy and move your files around anymore : just let them where they always have been, they're already on your other devices." There is no mention of needed to use a special file explorer. In fact, you make it clear that one is not needed -- you just need to access your content. No special app, no special folders. "We’re going to restart the beta tests with 100 of the backers in December. We’re aiming the ship backers after that, in early 2015." So we should be expecting another years delay? Because the *last time* you expected to ship by December, you were farther along than you are now -- and then decided to start over. @James: The example code was an example of what SHOULD be implemented and is likely what WON'T since it requires at least 3% brain capability and enough diligence to actually care and research for 0.23 seconds. @James Andrews " i am aware of what event handlers actually are, but they don't allow you to magically gain privilege you didn't already have, unless there is a flaw in the underlying system like a buffer over/underrun. " I believe the concern is that rather than write a proper implementation of a FUSE compatible application, Lima will take a short cut (like they have a history of doing) and just use a root kit. "If you ever plan on using anything like a Lima product on a 'production' system (I assume you mean in an enterprise environment?), you are mad." What are you planning on using it for? I use *many* 'consumer' products on my production work station every day. In fact, most of my production work station is 'consumer grade' -- I didn't back Lima just to use it in a sandboxed VM as a toy -- I bought it to integrate my laptop, desktop, phone, and tablet, all of which are a daily-use item in 'production' for me. Production doesn't just refer to production servers, but any sort of device that is used in the real-world as a primary (or sole) device. If an app is not production ready, I would not install it on my phone and rely on it for anything. For many apps, it's not a big deal to have a buggy app -- if my podcast player has a major error and crashes, I still can use my phone, and receive service pages from work. However, my podcast player does not claim to replace the entire filesystem of my phone, so it's not all that likely to cause issues with any other functions of the phone. @James Andrews "Why would you need RAID on the Lima side anyway? " Because Lima is allowing you to use multiple drives with one Lima. There are three basic ways to handle that: 1) mount each disk in a separate location and somehow allocate files to the different disks, 2) chain the disks together in a JBOD, 3)Raid (or similar) the disks . 1 creates a space management nightmare (with 3 drives, each .5TB where do you put the 1.0 TB file? What happens when one drive dies?), 2 is a reliability nightmare -- every disk increases the expectancy of dataloss of random data (or all of it). 3 is the only sane way to handle multiple disks. " As far as I can tell Lima is no more or less secure than any other cloud storage. " While this turned out to be true, they marketed as a 'more secure' option -- and it *could be*, if they handled it intelligently. " I think we all need to stick to the real issues." The real issue is that CGC committed fraud by changing the scope of the project after collecting our money and owes any backer that wants one a prompt refund. That said -- they refuse to discuss the real issue, so all we get for our money is the sob story of delays. Since CGC won't pick a time and place, I will. 7am on Wednesday. I'll send you the location of my hostel. Kickstarter is supposed to be a journey - creators and backers together... Not a one sided fun trip for the other's money - or an allout war! @James... I was promised that i could attach multiple harddisks to a single lima device and since lima is already fairly outdated hardware in terms of ethernet and usb version the question on RAID support for lima as the host-device makes quite a lot of sense. In terms of encryption you'll find that 90% of Cloud drives today encrypt your data so that only you can read it - for obvious reasons. Personally i don't think lima is a scam. I think it is an alltime amateurish run campaign by arrogant people who completely forgot about their backers, then didn't care and are now sinking day by day. The worst part, However is their lack of their communication or miscommunication - until forced into a corner! Just saw 2 TB Western Digital HD on amazon for $25! Get one before they sell out. <url># code since they are managed languages that have a runtime (.net) which adds another layer into the mix making 'scary' event handlers even less 'dangerous'. Lima is written in C which means there are whole other worlds of pain and trouble to be had. Event handlers are the least of them... As to security... If you ever plan on using anything like a Lima product on a 'production' system (I assume you mean in an enterprise environment?), you are mad. Its a consumer grade product... You want to improve a 'USB NAS' on your production system? How about this... Stop using USB! It's not really functioning as a NAS if it's wired to something via USB, it's a locally attached disk. As I am sure you are aware (having written OS's) the machine connected to the USB part will be accessing that disk differently than your networked devices and causing needless contention. That said, I am clearly not as qualified as you though so I bow to your higher knowledge Thanks, James @James: I think Lima is incompetent enough to fail at ensuring that my data is safe... not just the data on the Lima attached drives, but the data on my well-running systems. And, YES! I DO verify the reputation and often the actual source for programs I install on my production systems. If I doubt the quality then it is run on a VM or on a dedicated system with a throw-away install/image. Those are Not production systems and not the candidate I wanted for the improved Addonics USB-NAS that I backed. As for event handlers... there are now standard methods for checking if an event occurs in most OS'. Events can be as small as a timer or as large as a change to the root FS/paths below it. I am not a Windows coder and this took ~0.28 seconds to find... e.g.: ' Visual Basic Private Sub myWatcher_Changed(ByVal sender As System.Object, _ ByVal e As System.IO.FileSystemEventArgs) Handles myWatcher.Changed Me.Label1.Text = "Changes made to: " & e.FullPath End Sub // C# private void myWatcher_Changed(object sender, System.IO.FileSystemEventArgs e) { label1.Text = "Changes made to: " + e.FullPath; } If they need to gain elevated privilege for more than installing an app in /Applications (OSX) then it not a viable application for a production system until it undergoes peer review or industry standard evaluation/stress testing (no, having your Uncle Louie test it for 10 minutes is not valid unless he has associated experience and tools and possibly certification). The script-kiddie reference... it takes no time to find "how do i install a root kit' on the web and get plenty of info on them. Installing one exploit (rootkit) using simple scripts is far easier than actually designing a solution. Ask Sony and WD how root kits worked for them? As for "super paranoid" - yes, and no... I currently work in a security related position (IPSec/DPI). But, I gained such a position because I am aware of many intrusion and exploit methods that are still not even tried by hackers yet. It's all part of having designed/developed OS' and tools for fabless semicons. Fmotta I agree the execution of the project has been terrible. The delays are unacceptable and the fact they have been developing the thing for 4 years and still don't have a final product is deeply worrying. Yes I think the backer funding has been taken in good faith and they have burnt thorough the trust we put in them... But kickstarter is what it is... We all new that getting in. We have a right to be annoyed and upset for sure, but we need to maintain a rational front. Believe me if this thing doesn't ship and they run off with my cash, I'll be the first in the train to Paris to get some answers just on principle. I give that a 50% chance of happening. Such is my (lack of) faith. Q1 next year is a hard stop for me on this project. I have some real technical concerns about the product now that will limit my use of it (if I use it at all) for sure, but I still want to see it! Thanks, James Fmotta and Chris Lewis, you honestly think Lima is a big scam to root your machines? Or you think that Lima will just provide another attack surface for hackers? I think the latter is true, the former is a bit of a stretch. I don't understand what you mean about registering event handlers enabling script kiddies to wire in riot kits... An event handler for what? If it uses FUSE it has to run user side and can't elevate privilege. That's the point of FUSE. They can register all the event handlers to the FS they want via FUSE and it won't allow a script kiddie to run anything as root. The requirement to elevate privilege to install is not that surprising. It's probably just for something dumb like putting the binary in /usr/bin. In any case if you are super paranoid it's very easy to profile the installer in a sandbox to see what it is doing. Di you do that every time an installer asks to elevate? Thanks, James @James: the real issue is the bait-n-switch which resulted in the debacle that holds our backers dollars at ransom. If they shipped what they described then it'd probably in our hands and as stated. Which is what I backed, not this training program for interns. Henrik, to do a redundant config you need multiple Lima's which replicate. Why would you need RAID on the Lima side anyway? It's already a replica of your data so provides more redundancy by default. On the non-Lima side (source) any RAID config will be transparent to Lima as it's much lower level. I.e my HFS+ fs has no knowledge of the underlying RAID level. On encryption, I am not sure what (if any) crypto Lima does on their side. But if you are super worried about drives getting stolen, then a replicated FS is not really for you. As far as I can tell Lima is no more or less secure than any other cloud storage. So if you wouldn't stick in a cloud store, don't stick it on Lima. This is why I am disappointed that selective sync a feature. BTW I am no apologist for Lima, I think the project is a mess, I am deeply sceptical about any shipped product and I think there are genuine technical concerns here. But I also think some of the issues raised here are trying to poke holes just for the sake of poking holes and are not issues any more than they are issues for any such product, existing or otherwise. I know there is a great deal of frustration and annoyance around how this project has been executed and continues to be executed. And rightly so, but to get any rational and reasonable answers out if CGC about realistic deliverables, I think we all need to stick to the real issues. Thanks, James @Christopher: Yep - it takes a bit of actual skill to register event handlers in some of the OS' they want to support and root kits are a canned hack available from any script-kiddie site. also just because root kit isn't needed doesn't mean CGC won't use one.... @James: Thanks - Fuse does not require that I install anything as root. I was told that I needed to install CGC software as root/admin in one of their responses. Too bad the guy responding for CGC does not have these answers or is reticent to provide them. But, with a development team that cannot handle simple mutexes and localization I am not surprised about that. Fmotta, on the Unix based OS's they use FUSE which is s user space thing and thus usable by non-privileged users. So no root kit needed @Lokiracer can you meet them wed before 8am or after 5pm ? @fernanda -- they pushed back delivery to sometime in early 2015 now. They are farther away from completion than they were when they wrote the project description. When is it going to be shipped in the US? Oh, I definately agree with you. Lima/CGC violated the TOS/spirit of Kickstarter when they tricked us into backing a project description, and then used the money in a different way. My point is that while they can, and *DID* bait-n-switch us by changing the project after funding, they are being *VERY* careful that to say that they did not change the *DESCRIPTION* on the project page. These con-artists owe us a refund. @ozy: there is a reason why KS does not allow alteration of the project description... it is because the project is supposed to be as described when we backed it. CGC felt that they were 'special' (needs) and left the description unchanged and went off and did something different than what we backed and was described. This is called bait-n-switch in every definition I can find. Technically they are correct. I believe that Kickstarter actually removes the ability to change the project description page. That said, Lima was free to ignore what they wrote and spend the money on whatever they wanted anyway. @CGC: You already altered the project from what was described after it was closed. If you hadn't altered we'd probably have what we backed already and not feel like we are violated each time we think of Lima. @CGC : interesting comment on the filesystem on the Lima device. Leads me to an important question : can i have a fully encrypted filesystem on lima? This will be critical as loosing the lima harddisk will in effect make all your files on all your devices available for the thief? Second question: does it support RAID-configurations for mirroring to reduce risk of data loss (and perhaps striping for speed, but this is less essential to me personally). I will never accept any solution into my home that is responsible for any of my files unless it is secure (encrypted) and replicated (mirroring and of-loading/backup). @CGC "We can’t modify the project description after the end of the campaign." No, you just take the money and then do something other than what the project description says. Like when you scrapped the hardware and software designs and started over. That is *also* against the TOS of Kickstarter -- they just don't have a way to enforce that particular rule. @CGC: Thanks. So, now we need to get rid of any CGC written drivers or file systems and make it solely a user-level app with NO admin/root requirement and it may be used by people who know what all that means. Do you install a root kit? How do you get notification of file changes? I know that there are usermode services for notification of file/directory changes WITHOUT a device driver or installable file system. So, these should be used and not privileged mode code. Repost so it is on a page that Lima cannot make 'backers only'... @CGC: Unless you want to be in the critical path for accessing data on the drives that have been connected to a Lima "system" then I feel you need to ensure that the data on these drives are accessible from the native host OS'. Otherwise, you are likely putting yourselves into a position of high liability for data loss and/or will be spending time performing data recovery. If I have a system that creates a non-standard drive/file format then I EXPECT to be able to convert it without defiling my WORKING system with the software that CAUSED the problem in the first place. The best solution is to COMPLY to standards and ensure that the file systems supported are those that are NATIVE for the users computer system(s). For me that would be: - OSX with paragon NTFS drivers - OSX with paragon EXTfs drivers - Linux with ALL of its supported formats (including LVM) - SAMBA based shared drives (host knows the format so the client needn't) - afs based shares - NFS based shares If you cannot comply with most of those without your drivers/installable file systems then a refund is strongly requested as this is not something that will be of use to me. I need to access the data on my drives with the OS I have with verified, supported, tested, and maintained software built by experienced people. I have little doubt that Lima cannot comply to that strong REQUIREMENT that I feel that Everyone should DEMAND. @CGC have you really pull off text from the KS page like lokiracer is saying? If this was to be true (are you allowed??) then please explain as this was as well the functionality for which I have backed with 2 Limas, as you know. Cheers @CGC During the KS campaign and on the KS page, you claim that you can "Share a folder with colleagues, so everyone always get the last version of documents"Yet how is that possible based on your current "updates"? can I still keep the rest of my data private? Oops, it doesn't look like it was pulled from the Lima Kickstarter page, so when you come to demo the product, that's the feature I would most like to see. Thanks. @CGC Why was this pulled from Lima without telling backers: "You can install one Plug in your home and one in your office, for example. Your Plugs will automatically work together to replicate your content. Two Plugs are enough. But with each Plug you buy, your data gets more secure and also faster to access. If some of your friends have Plug, you can also ask your Plugs to back up each other's content. Your data is encrypted, so your friends will not be able to read it." <url>#lokiracer please give @CGC a date and time, if you still can, right here, right now and let them respond for us all to see. I fell like you both are being sketchy... Hi, Thanks for the reply. I look forward to seeing the demo of the final product in December. More updates on what you are working on would be good Thanks, James They don't seem all that eager to have anyone actually see their product, do they? You would think they would be eager to have a vocal critic see something in action so they can come back and confirm *something* exists.. @CGC I did get your emails. The time you picked is during the conference's opening speech for the morning. Take a look at the conference schedule and find a time that works for you that doesn't conflict with the conference. If you are presenting during the conference, let me know when and where and I will attend that course/talk. @JT I'm trying to but CGC picked to hold their meet and greet on Monday and I don't arrive until midnight. Their second pick of meeting time was during one of the days opening speeches. @Lokiracer are you going to meet up with CGC? @soroush -- they decided to start the project over, and have been running into issues. The latest excuse said that they might be shipping devices to beta testers around the beginning of next year. Maybe. If they get the hardware. And finish writing the software. hi, are devices shipped yet? didn't receive mine @CGC You should be way farther along by now -- in the project description from over a year ago, you describe being closer to completed than you are now describing. In over a year, you have *gone backwards*. Meeting in Dublin is on november 3rd. So where are the Irish backers? None around to post about their experience? Hi, Thanks for answering but I still don't know where you are in terms of Dev and a final build. I am very surprised you have to focus on a subset of your functionality to get it working properly and are not working on the final build by now. When do you think you will be in position to demo the final product (even if you are still testing)? Thanks, James Silence from CGC will follow for the next couple days. Probably until after Dublin. They will post useless photos and ignore our responses to their weak attempt at responding to the number list of issues with this campaign. <url>#comment-8122958 Here is the direct link to my responses to your comments -- in fact, it's the very next respose to your comment. @CGC "@Lokiracer We’ve already answered your comments. <url>…" No you didn't. You made some easily dismissed excuses that have no bearing on the matter at hand. I believe I already went through your list of lies and excuses and refuted the majority of them -- which you ignored. I think CGC and Lima are going to be poster boys for how Kickstarter peaked in 2013, plateaued in 2014, and was swamped by lawsuits in 2015. Time will tell. @CGC Answering my list and actually having answers for my list are two different things. The community as a whole was not impressed with your response and nobody but CGC believes that I should modify the list. In addition to that, I replied to your initial response, so I feel my list is still very justified. Back in June you absolutely did not offer to let me visit. You backed out as soon as you found out that I could actually make it to Paris on a day trip. Your excuse was that your CEO would be in China. You offered to let me come at a later date, which I was not available for. By no means did I back out of meeting with you on the original date you offered. We'll see about Dublin. With how shady CGC is, I may need to bring some local Dublin boys that I know, as muscle, to insure I don't go missing. <url>#comment-8010409 Thank-you lokiracer - KS will not sit up and take notice - by simple fact that are worse (if you can believe it) projects out there. I want a refund for my CLASSIC (extended). Any takers out there!?? I simply want out! This project is tiresome... just got this "Dear Irish backers, First off a huge thank you to every one of you that has been supporting us since our Kickstarter campaign last year. A lot of things have happened since. We’re now a team of 20 putting all of our heart and soul into bringing you the Lima experience as fast as possible. As we explained in our past update on Kickstarter, we would love to meet some of you. We can show you a sneak preview of Lima in its current state before you receive it in your mailboxes at the beginning of next year. It will also be an occasion for you to meet a part of the team and ask all the questions you might have. This meetup will take place next Monday 3 November at The Merchant's Arch: 48-49 Wellington Quay, Dublin 2. We’ll be there from 5pm to 7pm. If you would like to participate please sign up here so that we can get everything organised. Hope to see you soon, Team Lima PS: If you have any questions, do not hesitate to reply directly to this email. " "20 It's all or nothing on the folders that get sync'd. Lima will sync everything in your "user" folder. Good luck if you didn't want to share your family videos with your Lima. " Keep in mind that they still don't even have this working. At the demos, and they had workign was selective sync -- which is a feature they don't plan on actually having.... This campaign in review: 1 there is no proof of CGC's claimed patents (prove me wrong and post a redacted patent application, simple as that) 2 there is no hardware available to ship (a year later, the hardware is still in China?) 3 CGC has shown that they have Lima's in their office but they refuse to provide even one of those to a backer as proof that Lima isn't vaporware 4 CGC can't demo Lima at meetups without internet access/wifi 5 CGC is not located in Delaware or even the United States as claimed in this campaign (a violations of TOS at the time of the campaign) 6 CGC has violated Kickstarter TOS by not providing refunds or doing pledges 7 only pre-order customers can get refunds, not backers 8 backers have never seen a working demo (videos provided can be accomplished by btsync) 9 Lima will replace the stable file system of your entire OS 10 UPnP is now magically required (screw you if you have a real network or network admins or want to use this at work). CGC claims that UPnP isn't required, but if you don't have it or can't use it, you'll be forced to use their decentralized servers run by CGC (meaning if they go out of business, your Lima is useless). 11 there is currently no firm shipping date. CGC says sometime in 2015. 12 after being funded, they threw their entire codebase in the trash and went with a ground up rewrite in a different language 13 delays are blamed solely on how successful the campaign was. If the campaign hadn't been this successful, we would all have our Lima's according to CGC. 14 CGC refuses to release their scraped python code, that according to their campaign was completely finished 15 beta testing has completely stopped. 1 CGC friend was given a device, nobody else is confirmed to have been included in the beta testing group even though hundreds applied. 16 CGC world headquarters <url>"user" folder. Good luck if you didn't want to share your family videos with your Lima. 21 2 meet and greets, 62 "backers" met with, and still not a single person on kickstarter has a photo/video of the meeting I'm keeping this running tally of issues with CGC/Lima so that backers can stay informed. CGC, I encourage you to contact me directly with any corrections you feel I should make to this list. I am very interested in ensuring the information I am providing is accurate. @James Andrews -- they stated that the hardware was done over a year ago, and the software was a few bug fixes away... that was before they decided to scrap all their work and start over from the beinging -- and steal out money in the process. @CGC "Updates will be available on Linux using the traditional distribution update mechanisms (apt, yum)." Are you using a reliable repo, or will you be providing your own untrustable repo? @Christian I just read that article. I contacted the author to see if we could get Lima included. I'm confused (again) and concerned (still). Why in the demo do you say 'only 1 directory is enabled' huh? You said that it wasn't possible to do selective sync and Lima syncs everything. Why are you demoing something that is not in your core product? Also, you state in the video that the demo is not the final product... Huh? If you hope to ship early 2015 the product should be pretty much complete with just some minor testing a tweaking to do. Especially after 4 years Dev! Can you please confirm EXACTLY where you are in the DEV cycle? Thanks, James Too bad Lima wasn't mentioned... <url>’re in the process of sending the Lima devices to the warehouses in Europe and in the US. Once they've arrived there, they'll be ready to be shipped to you rapidly. Can you please confirm your shipping details below? I’m looking forward to hearing back from you. Best, Christophe for the Lima Team - To: Christophe (Lima) Oct 24 10:12 From: Steve Delepine Oct 22, 2014 This is my last attempt at contacting you to receive my reward immediately or a refund. - Hmmm... Wonder if we get a special card for the 5 year christmas anniversary of this project? Postcards ...i did not get one last year... @lima/ plug / CGC team / what ever you call yourself s.....Don't Send Me postcard / Xmasscard just send me my stuff i payed for last September ..this year or i will file a credit card charge-back Awaiting our 2nd annual Xmas postcard promising to give us a better product after yet another endless bughunt. @Kenny -I would file a credit card chargeback if I were you. Alternately, I would take shipment of your Lima in your old age, but never, ever plug it into any storage you care about. See my profile for how to file a chargeback Kenny, have a read through last 1000 odd messages and make you're own mind up if you'll see the project you backed be delivered.... Hi, I just have to ask... It says estimated delivery April 2014 for the thing I backed. It's October now, am I still getting it or it's still in progress? I get all these news but I still don't have my LIMA device yet. Other Kickstarter projects I've backed, the products have arrived already... >_> @CGC You've already said your schedule was too busy on other days. Why would I be the one to pick another time? How about you pick a time and place that works for you, since your schedule is so busy. I'm not sure how I could be avoiding meeting with you. I think you forget that I'm the one that offered to fly to Paris to meet with you months ago. As soon as you discovered that I would actually do it, you said your CEO was out of the country and then you went silent. Please don't try to blame shift. I'm trying to help you out here. I have nothing to gain or lose by not meeting with you. You have a boatload to gain, if in fact you have a product at a state that you say you do, which I highly doubt. If we meet, I'll be running a GoPro the entire time, so be aware of that. @Creator -<url>"If you’re traveling to Paris while your Lima is at home in the US, you will indeed be able to see all your files on your iPhone from Paris and if you take a picture for instance, it will be instantly sent to your Lima in the US over the Internet." Great Please demo that!! It should be very easy, just turn off the WiFi connection on the iPhone in your next demo, it will be easy to show that the WiFi is off... "Our demo doesn’t show that part because it’s difficult to show 2 devices over different networks in a single video. But we'll take your feedback into account for future updates" ...see my suggestion above (turn off the WiFi on your smartphone) @Creator -Does the Lima client for Windows take into account that some of us use the Explorer program? @CGC Great to hear about iTunes - has anything needed to change with Lima since the Family Sharing iTunes update in iOS 8? I was very happy to see that "Our demo doesn’t show that part because it’s difficult to show 2 devices over different networks in a single video." You could try demoing a *single* Lima. One demo'd would be a ton more than the current demo of dropbox you have shown. "Our company is American but our office is in Paris, as we’ve explained numerous times, for ex here: <url>… " Just another case of you completely misrepresenting the facts. "Concerning failure: a Kickstarter project fails if the Creator is unwilling or incapable of shipping rewards to backers. This isn’t by any means our case. " I'd say that this is *very much* the case here. For the last year, you have been unwilling *and* incapable of shipping rewards, and in fact have started a whole new project. You keep changing the scope and the current project is *not* the one I backed. @Kyle -The rewrite is not the only deception performed on us by CGC. Start with the phrase "everything is in Lima" which they still repeat knowing that it is not true. Go through all the delivery dates set, missed, and then replaced with a new one. Look at the "beta" program which was clearly just a pablum fed to backers to buy another month. Look at the Partech investment; while CGC was presumably 'busting its ass' to bring you Lima, they were simultaneously wooing equity funding? The bottom line is that CGC used the Lima project to generate seed money for CGC the company. I believe this happened after the fact; we threw so much money at them, they decided they could now wear their big-boy pants. @Kyle -- Update 11 was after they got the money. According to KS terms, if they change the scope after getting money, they owe refunds. I never would have backed this project if the scope was 'starting from nothing'. The videos I have seen have all just shown off-the-shelf syncing software like btsync. There has never been anything done that showed a single feature that those don't have. Like I said, the product *I* backed was almost ready for shipping -- this new product they started from scratch without my permission, so I feel they owe me a refund. @ozymandias That's now how I see it - in update #11 they sent out a survey/backer dashboard and then in update #13 they announced they were going to change the hardware and software in order to make a better product. That sounds to me like they tried to scale based on the feedback received from the survey (they even mention the survey in update #13). It might not be what they originally announced on the home page, but it SEEMS like they did it to make the product better for a wider audience. Would it have been more fair to say "Hey, we're going to be doing a massive change to what we originally announced which will lead to a 1 year delay - if you want out, let us know and we'll give you your money back"? Absolutely. I'm just saying that I don't think this was a scam or a bait and switch kind of project. Based on the videos they have shown, in practice, it still seems to be the same product that's on the homepage that I backed... @kyle, I completely agree with @ozymanias and that is why I'm so vocal with my decent and I'm critical of @CGC. They said they needed our money to make orange juice from trees that already had fruit on them, however after they got our money they decided to make lemonade and used our money to plant new trees and expect us to wait for the lemon trees to bear fruit so they can give use something we never asked for in the first place. @ kyle "How many projects can scale that quickly without growing pains? Especially if this is their first major endeavor like this?" That's the problem. They *DIDN'T EVEN TRY TO SCALE*. They scrapped the original project, and decided to completely, and totally redesign the software and hardware after getting the money. I backed a project with completed hardware, and mostly completed software that just needed the funding to manufacture and ship the physical goods -- which is what the project description states. They decided to take my money, and start over from the drawing board -- which included massive delays I did not agree to, and massive feature changes I did not accept. The problem, in short, is that they took our money for one project, and turned it into a completely different one -- in violation of Kickstarters TOS, without my consent. *takes off tin-foil hat* I just went back and read through all of the updates and outside of some delays in communication (which seems to be a norm on Kickstarter) - I don't see this project as a huge scam or failure... they are a startup company that might have bitten off more than they could chew: but seemingly not through any purposeful fault of their own - they only asked for $70k but got over $1 million... How many projects can scale that quickly without growing pains? Especially if this is their first major endeavor like this? I know I'm prodding the bear by posting this, but I just want to show some support here in the comments section. I'm not saying that CGC is perfect or this project was handled perfectly - since that would be impossible... Just saying I don't see a conspiracy... even though I love me some conspiracy theories in general! ;) @CGC I encourage you - keep going! We're almost there! I'm sure you wish we all had a perfectly working product by now and it will happen eventually - looking forward to getting mine early next year! We appear to be on the home stretch of a triathlon when you were only planning a marathon :) @CGC Another question here on functionality - I plan on sharing all of my media in my house with my wife and kids. I don't mind having it completely open for all of us to share music, movies, pictures, files, etc. How will that work with different iTunes accounts, for example? CGC claims they got a lot of responses via Twitter about their meetups.. That just PROVES that these ppl are not Kickstarter backers because they would've already commented here instead of using Twitter. C'mon now CGC, do you think we're a bunch of stupid adults? oh Sev, I wish I could meet you in person right now. I would love for you to explain to me face to face what Lima does again. Does anybody not wearing a Coursera t-shirt in this picture not look baffled or amused by what they see and hear? <url>"demos" - that they didn't prepare themselves any better?! They are putting themselves in the line of fire - constantly - by not being able to communicate and now unable to even conduct a simple demo. I don't really care how much experience the developer had, but this is embarassing to say the least! I sincerely hope you are not planning on using this "demo-script" on your attempt at gathering new funding because that is bound to fail and fail by a longshot! It is also weird that so little has been written on the social media from the backers present. My assumption is that no really critical backers were present and hope to see a more engaging crowd on the upcoming sessions. And why didn't you have some sort of Q&A at the session and record it so that the same questions won't be asked again and again?! This seems amateurish at best... Please, join the game, CGC... You have been missing for quite a while! Your communication efforts are really improving, I must admit. Now walk the line and start presenting what you are working on, what issues you have and give a REAL demo (one where people can actually see the screen!)... This is suppose to be a journey together - backers and "creators"... This picture sums up this project for me: <url>"Shell Company" CorpoMax at Phone: (302) 266-8200 Fax: (302) 266-8226 2915 Ogletown Road, Newark, DE 19713 <email> <url>#1837 Newark, DE, 19713 RE #2 <url>"Lima App" on my Apple iPhone see and update the files on my desktop? Your "Demo" only shows computers and devises sharing the same wifi connection. You have not demonstrated a true example of your device. @cgc I have already responded to your excuses in answer to lokiracer -- you can blow smoke up our butts all you want -- we don't have to believe you -- and in fact, given your history of lying, without evidence, it's only reasonable to reject your additional claims. I wonder just how much they can change/drop from the original project before they have to admit that it's no longer the same project. Different hardware, different software, different language it's written in, different features, and different timeline... so, what makes this the same project we all backed, again? "Share a folder with colleagues, so everyone always get the last version of documents" So another feature that has been changed since closure of the campaign... @Max They changed that functionality. Trust me, a lot of us are pissed about that. I wrote a email to Lime and they answer me "NO REFUND" Funds was spent! I´ll start a legal demand. It is a big scam! I just realized tha I invested in the wrong solution. Not because of the delays but because I wanted a way to share my data with my family in a "personal" cloud. Lima only shares across the devices of ONE user. Meaning hat It won't do what I intended it to be. Hmmm looking for other solutions… back to square one. This user's account has been deleted. BTW- in addition to a potential class action, we can also use the Small Claims Courts, the company below is their registered agent and can possibly be the best way to serve them with a claim... @ozy- my repost with phone numbers for CGC, FYI...Here is the phone number for Severin MARCOMBES +1-631-663-1619 or you can try their press contact. Amandine GUYOT Chief Marketing Officer +33 6 85 54 55 69 <email> or you can try the to contact the people who set up their US based "Shell Company" CorpoMax at Phone: (302) 266-8200 Fax: (302) 266-8226 2915 Ogletown Road, Newark, DE 19713 <email> <url>#1837 Newark, DE, 19713 If you value your money, and dislike funding Severin's ski-trips, see my profile for how to file a chargeback. I emailed CGC asking for a US contact phone number. The only reply I got was "refunds are not available"... seems telling that they are refusing to even give out the contact info, and immediately jump to refusing refunds. This campaign in review: 1 there is no proof of CGC's claimed patents (prove me wrong and post a redacted patent application, simple as that) 2 there is no hardware available to ship (a year later, the hardware is still in China?) 3 CGC has shown that they have Lima's in their office but they refuse to provide even one of those to a backer as proof that Lima isn't vaporware 4 CGC can't demo Lima at meetups without internet access/wifi 5 CGC is not located in Delaware or even the United States as claimed in this campaign (a violations of TOS at the time of the campaign) 6 CGC has violated Kickstarter TOS by not providing refunds or doing pledges 7 only pre-order customers can get refunds, not backers 8 backers have never seen a working demo (videos provided can be accomplished by btsync) 9 Lima will replace the stable file system of your entire OS 10 UPnP is now magically required (screw you if you have a real network or network admins or want to use this at work). CGC claims that UPnP isn't required, but if you don't have it or can't use it, you'll be forced to use their decentralized servers run by CGC (meaning if they go out of business, your Lima is useless). 11 there is currently no firm shipping date. CGC says sometime in 2015. 12 after being funded, they threw their entire codebase in the trash and went with a ground up rewrite in a different language 13 delays are blamed solely on how successful the campaign was. If the campaign hadn't been this successful, we would all have our Lima's according to CGC. 14 CGC refuses to release their scraped python code, that according to their campaign was completely finished 15 beta testing has completely stopped. 1 CGC friend was given a device, nobody else is confirmed to have been included in the beta testing group even though hundreds applied. 16 CGC world headquarters <url>"user" folder. Good luck if you didn't want to share your family videos with your Lima. 21 2 meet and greets, 62 "backers" met with, and still not a single person on kickstarter has a photo/video of the meeting I'm keeping this running tally of issues with CGC/Lima so that backers can stay informed. CGC, I encourage you to contact me directly with any corrections you feel I should make to this list. I am very interested in ensuring the information I am providing is accurate. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. @Gio: some are mentioned twice in your list. To the benefit of the Lima management and Investors partners, I am updating this list - after the very bad Demo (where you cannot see litterally anything) provided on something which looks more like Bittorent Sync rather than Lima promised unified system approach. The backers on KS wants to see proof/technical software codes of the progress, not reports on meetings or pseudo marketing campaign. This being said I encourage the Lima team to work hard and I really hope you can successfully deliver the product you promised - I remain committed to it, I will be using it and you will be able to sell it for real (you will have pleanty of time after for meetings/conferences). But this is not the way to treat your investors (us) or "customers" like Partech call us. accordingly to this article: <url>"customers" (interesting that Partech consider us customers, so we have the same right as EU consumer rights? meaning that for every product bougth on the net there could be max 1 month delay for delivery, otherwise the company will have a fine + need to refund? well anyhow we are not really customers as your know... what are we?) "Cela concerne une grosse vingtaine de personnes sur 12 800 clients", tempère Romain Lavault, de Partech. Now, just for the sake of clarity, here the list of Not satified "customers" collected From October 1st update that took the time to express here their disappointement: 1 Adrian C 2 Anders Aasgaard 3 Andry David Lumban Batu 4 Ashley Cooper 5 austin hutton 6 Awakened Sleeper 7 Ben 8 Ben Colon 9 Bo Wong 10 Bogdan Stanciu 11 Brady Harrison 12 Brian 13 Brian Olsen 14 Burton Strauss III 15 Carlos García Conde 16 Casey Allen 17 Cheng-Hsing YANG 18 Chris B 19 Christian Behnke 20 Christian Bureau 21 Christopher Lewis 22 Clive Roads 23 Daniel Wolpert 24 Dave Joubert 25 David Strogen 26 dim3m 27 Don Gateley 28 Dr. Michael Zelman 29 Dylan Tan 30 Eric Fontenot 31 ErikH 32 Fantastic Mista Fox 33 Fateh Hyder 34 fmotta 35 Francisco Javier Dianderas Caceres 36 Garrett Gee 37 Geert 38 German Bauer 39 Gianluca Casu 40 Gio 41 Greg Mitchell 42 Hasan 43 Hector Gabriel Sigala 44 Heiko Alhaeuser 45 Henrik Secher Jarlskov 46 Hinko Kocevar 47 hussein 48 Hyung Jin 49 Ian R 50 Ikalios 51 James Andrews 52 Jannis Werner 53 Jeramie Johnson 54 Jeremy 55 JimM 56 jminca 57 Joe Marques 58 Joey Smith 59 John 60 John W Holmes 61 Johnny 62 Jonathan Greenwood 63 Jonathan Kho 64 Joseph Balderson 65 Josh Bartz 66 Julien Grimal 67 Kalim Khan 68 KC 69 Keith 70 Kevin Hanson 71 Kirsten Haugen 72 kokobin 73 Lawrence Wyatt 74 Levvy 75 lokiracer 76 Lorna Goulden 77 Ls Song 78 LT Holden 79 Mark Fadden 80 Mark S. 81 Matt 82 Matthias Kraus 83 Max Ziebell 84 Merijn Bolhuis 85 Michael Riedel 86 mikanotu 87 Mike Morrison 88 Monkeywrench 89 Nate Brunner 90 Nestor Miyares 91 NickStarter 92 Olivier Mauray 93 OllieBlue 94 ozymandias 95 Patrik Bernhardsson 96 Paul Lunneberg 97 Percy M Carrion 98 PG 99 Philip Reynolds 100 PierJ 101 p-middy 102 Pnɐuɹɐ Lechevalier 103 Pulinx Olivier 104 Reianz 105 Richard Kho 106 Robert Cheung 107 Robert Mohid 108 Robert Morgan 109 Robert Ray 110 Robert Ray 111 Robert S DeKett 112 Rodolfo Schmauk Ortúzar 113 Russell Lau 114 Sarah Kuehnle 115 Scott O Clark 116 Sean Samms 117 Sebastian 118 Sebastien Bernard 119 Sergio 120 Shinbad Depondesque 121 sribeubeu 122 Stefan Andreef 123 stephen p 124 Steve Delepine 125 Stuart Nicholson 126 terry (Eye Toldyoosso) 127 Thomas Arman 128 Thomas Covington 129 Toby Sanchez 130 Toby Sanchez 131 Tucker Brennan 132 Wong Khai Loon 133 Yin Yin Leong 134 Zack Jones 135 饒澤華 ***Breaking news*** Lima just had a milestone accomplishment!! They are now officially, The #1 scam on not just Kickstarter, they are the biggest scam out of ALL crowd funding projects to date. Congratulations to all of us for being 1 of the nearly 13,000 backers of the worlds largest crowd funding frauds. @kyle that's because they never intended to ship anything nor release anything. Just look at their progress. All smoke and mirrors with vaporware. So I haven't been following this too closely - I have 2 questions: 1: How is the hardware and software different than what is currently on the home page of this Kickstarter? 2: Update #30 says that the devices were in the process of being shipped to warehouses to rapidly be deployed to us - so hardware is done, boxed, ready to go... Why PAY to store them somewhere instead of sending them to backers? It seems like a gross waste of resources for a small startup company! Not only would you save money in storage fees, you could quiet all of the naysayers saying that they will never see this product... Win/win... BTW, I am going to file a complaint with the Delaware Attorney General regarding this campaign. Encourage you all to do the same. Form is a bit clunky, but you can find the process here. <url>#1837 Newark, DE, 19713 Lima, you said that this is real, this is not a test, this is something that we will have in our houses, in our business. You sell all smoke and mirrors for the moment so... what are you playing at? You don't refund, you only show stupid demos with an empty Lima case in the table. No guys... you are doin' it soooo bad. I will find the method to refund my money sure. Anyone have a phone number for these guys? I guess they are refusing to respond to emails, or Kickstarter messages, so it might be time to give them a call. I just watched the demo in update #31. This demo is so amateuristic that I now truly believe a working Lima does not exist. We have been asking for a proper demo for a very long time and you give us this?! We can't even see the screens, no details but instead showing us a blinking light??? The next part of this post is deleted by myself. See my profile for how to file a chargeback. The ONLY thing that is going to impact this situation and mitigate the damage is you retrieving your money from CGC's pockets. Not everyone is going to get one, -they are spending your money as fast as they can. I want a refund. It's not about the wait but I just hate the selective information we have been fed with for a year. Lima is clearly a fantasy, we haven't seen anything concrete but meet ups and other evasive project updates. It's OK, Kickstarter, just reimburse the $1,229,074 collected and let's move on! @Carlos @KC (Not a CGC employee or fan) 3 days ago -See my profile for how to file a credit card chargeback: <url>"meetups?". You're apparently traveling all over the world for meetups and parties, and none of us have the product we backed and funded. Maybe save those meetups for after you've sent the product out. @RichW I agree at least this would look cooler than the "Lame-a" in my crowd funding graveyard... for those interested - <url>"backer" tour. We don't want you to show us our delayed product at a place we have to drive to. Just either send us the product or issue a refund if requested. This is ridiculous. Come on "Lame-a" just admit it, you will never be able to deliver on ANY of your promises or provide us with a working device that will keep our files synchronized and secured. It's okay you can admit it now, we've all known for a long time and we understand it's hard for you to accept it, but admission is the first step to recovery.... @KC, can I send you an email? Got official word from the CGC team. They are only a few months late in delivering the product and there is no way they can give a refund. Not surprised. Next step is charge back. Thanks to whoever posted instructions on how to do that. Regarding Update 31.... More BS, I can do the same demo on my home network without the "Lame-a" Why didn't you take pictures with the iPhone too? All of this time and money and you still can not even do show a working demo, even in a "controlled environment" I'm sure I could give a group if High School kids in a computer lab a $1,000 investment and in a week and they would run circles around you. Please post the exact date, location and time for the Dublin meet-up. Kickstarter should let backers message one another, to be honest... @KC (Not a CGC employee or fan) nice one @ozymandias -To be fair to CGC, theirs is the typical French reaction to intense criticism: <url>"Lima seamlessly syncs your entire computer, without any action required on your side" Not true. Never will be. Would be terrible if it was. I'm sure I recall they would have advanced settings where you could tell lima what areas you wanted synching and not have your whole drive. probably another feature in the python version that isn't porting over @KC I'm more hoping that it will sync my 8GB pagefile from Windows. I need that available on my phone. @Creator: "whereas Lima seamlessly syncs your entire computer, without any action required on your side" Will Lima sync the "C:\windows\system32" folder of my XP laptop? @Creator @CGC.- why doesn't CGC take a video of one of these meetups? shoot the video from setup to full demo? it just takes one talking head and another person to hold a camera. they did it for their last update, why not make a series of videos for each of these meet-ups and post them here as an update? i dare you @Creator @CGC. Ya, this is beyond amazing. CGC claims to have met 62 backers between London and Paris and not a single one of them can prove they are a backer and took a video. Hell, not even CGC can be bothered to take more than a few random, useless photos. They are a year behind schedule and we don't even know if this thing remotely works. Lima is the definition of vaporware at this point. a dozen "backers" and no video?!?!? common. @lokiracer -Looks like Partech wanted real businesspeople inserted into the CGC gang to protect their investment. That is my read, anyway @Bogdan -It should be. The only way to know is to call and ask. Make sure you pay attention to the TIPS section on my profile. <url>"currently operating as CFO at Lima." What does that even mean? @KC you mentioned a credit card chargeback. Would it still be possible to get a refund if I paid using a Debit Card? Ouch! But seriously, that homogenous group of men (in suits no less) look like the french company that invested in their operation and not kickstarters. doh That's odd, the exact same tweet was made by a CGC employee: <url>"backers" were said to be beta testers, only one confirmed, and even then nobody could figure out if he was actually a backer. Now it looks like Lima/CGC is buying some type of spam postings on twitter: <url>"magic" and few technical explanation and with this past experience I did not back it. I still hope Lima will deliver but I will not back anymore a project where there is even a small doubt on my mind about delivery feasibility Are there any London backers going? I haven't seen any posts from backers in Paris. Weird. Well I news googled lima after anonabox was killed by kickstarter. Anonabox is definately worth the read if you haven't seen this from the past couple of days. @RichW, fantastic! Activités had paid for 2 Limas for backup purposes but I see in the Wedg video that one wedge would be enough=price of 2 Limas and better hardware. But are you sure the wedge works? It seems you already have it but the Indiegogo campaign is still on... I've been worried about Lima for quite a few months but now I feel like I need to say something. I don't want to hurt Lima's chances or CGC's dream of building a product so this message is really only intended for people who already have refunds. I've been an investor in WEDG since day 1. I was drawn to it solely for it's ability to provide a self hosted, secure and private cloud.. managing all my email, calendars, files etc. However, I recently asked the WEDG team what the support was like for file syncing, and apparently it's provides full file sync with mobile devices as just one of it's many features. It even supports RAID! For me, having these two devices running side by side is useless, Lima is slowly becoming obsolete. The WEDG appears to win hands down every time. Anyway, for those interested - <url>"duly noted" This campaign in review: 1 there is no proof of CGC's claimed patents (prove me wrong and post a redacted patent application, simple as that) 2 there is no hardware available to ship (a year later, the hardware is still in China?) 3 CGC has shown that they have Lima's in their office but they refuse to provide even one of those to a backer as proof that Lima isn't vaporware 4 CGC can't demo Lima at meetups without internet access/wifi 5 CGC is not located in Delaware or even the United States as claimed in this campaign (a violations of TOS at the time of the campaign) 6 CGC has violated Kickstarter TOS by not providing refunds or doing pledges 7 only pre-order customers can get refunds, not backers 8 backers have never seen a working demo (videos provided can be accomplished by btsync) 9 Lima will replace the stable file system of your entire OS 10 UPnP is now magically required (screw you if you have a real network or network admins or want to use this at work). CGC claims that UPnP isn't required, but if you don't have it or can't use it, you'll be forced to use their decentralized servers run by CGC (meaning if they go out of business, your Lima is useless). 11 there is currently no firm shipping date. CGC says sometime in 2015. 12 after being funded, they threw their entire codebase in the trash and went with a ground up rewrite in a different language 13 delays are blamed solely on how successful the campaign was. If the campaign hadn't been this successful, we would all have our Lima's according to CGC. 14 CGC refuses to release their scraped python code, that according to their campaign was completely finished 15 beta testing has completely stopped. 1 CGC friend was given a device, nobody else is confirmed to have been included in the beta testing group even though hundreds applied. 16 CGC world headquarters <url>"user" folder. Good luck if you didn't want to share your family videos with your Lima. 21 First meet and greet has come and gone and still no video of a Lima in action. I'm keeping this running tally of issues with CGC/Lima so that backers can stay informed. CGC, I encourage you to contact me directly with any corrections you feel I should make to this list. I am very interested in ensuring the information I am providing is accurate. This user's account has been deleted. Two things... 1) As backers, we pledged money to a company in hopes of getting them toward their goal and they, in return, offer a reward of a product. We know it's entirely possible a project will fail with no reward being issued and that's a liability we accept upon backing a project, but along the way we expect that they treat their backers like the most important people in their business as without backers, they're just idea-holders, and we're the ones who helped finance those ideas into reality. That doesn't mean the project can do whatever they want without consulting your backers. 2) This project was obscenely over-funded because of its promise to deliver a groundbreaking product. Having that surplus of cash should not have created delays as enormous as this and the Lima product / software have changed beyond what the backers agreed to fund. The delays and lack of communication are unacceptable, and the way we're being treated by both Lima-****-CGC and Kickstarter is appalling. Start acting like a responsible company thankful for the thousands of people who spent their hard-earned money to fund your year's worth of excuses. Even CGC employees say "let's pretend none of this ever happened." <url>"This is a Kickstarter - delays happen. We will start to keep you backers in the loop from now on"... Again and again... Then they come with delay after delay slowly exposibg their own stories for what they are and revealing that even relative simple things such as unicode has turned to a major issue for them. Then there is the whole story about the "beta-test" with only one or two close Friends... And forcing an NDA on them! How much do you guys hate your backers?! Then they had to delay again and with nonsense excuses, like it was the number of backers that added complexity to this non-server based solution.... And the outrage growed... Day by day! Then they refused to answer any questions regarding a real world demo of the product that was supposedly only a month away. Then a video update claiming Another delay ("no we don't have time for a proper demo but we do have time to film and edit ourselves! We like looking at ourselves - not our product! "). Now the outrage growed by the hour. Now it was apparent that this" company" needed to tour the world to find more money to burn and suddenly they found time to start answering questions - pressed hard by their growing bad public image on the social media. However answering questions has a tendency to reveal lies and limitations in the product, which was clearly the case with the Lima "product"! Constant claims from CGC that they were not violating the Kickstarter TOS didn't help things... Especially when all they should have done was to be honest, forget their arrogance for a few minutes and climb down from their high place and simply apologize and admit that they weren't experienced enough. Perhaps they should have asked for help among their backers instead of being self-righteous, arrogant amateurs?! <url>été par actions simplifiée 61 rue de Sèvres F-92410 VILLE D'AVRAY FRANCE (NOT DELAWARE! �) Priority Date October 4, 2013 Filing Date April 2, 2014 This is our proof of the fraud. They started it one month after the campaign ended. They got the cash and clearly violated the TOS. Has anyone contacted Kickstarter? Add me to the list as well @CGC. I still want a non functioning Lima, green. Send it my way. I don't want any software on mine. @CGC. I still want a non functioning Lima, green. Send it my way. I don't want any software on mine. For clarity's sake, I would like to analyze a bit of deceptive language: "The main innovation in Lima is that it manages all of your data for you.Not only the content of a specific folder. " PARTIALLY TRUE. Lima inhabits a layer above your file system which it monitors. Based upon certain folders, it intervenes (or not) in file operations. "The Lima app replaces the entire file system of your computers. NOT TRUE - Lima does not replace anything, it manages and redirects files assigned to certain file system locations. This oft-repeated untruth is grounds for fraud IMO. I am sure some people backed Lima based upon thinking this functionality could back up "their entire file system" which it will not do. "It handles everything: [NOT TRUE] from the pictures in your "My Pictures" folder, to the files on your Desktop. [THESE ITEMS TRUE] I still am a little confused. It seems to me that the Lima Team told us during the last delay it was due to software. But if that software issue was not there, how would you have made that deadline with all of the hardware still in China? I read your answers to lokiracer and it sounds so convincing, except I have been here from the beginning and know you stretch the truth every time you can. You lie by omission. I honestly thought when I opened this last update I would see a video showing the install of Lima on a computer, phone and maybe a tablet. Then I would see the setup and finally some proof that the who thing works. Instead pictures of a factory! Really! You know what everyone wants to see, they have told you enough times, but you smile and show something else instead. In the next update show us the product, even with its flaws, but instead you will ignore this one more time and show us how the product will be put into envelopes, sealed and have postage adhered to the packages. Or maybe you will show us an example of how the product will get loaded on a ship. SHOW US THE DAMN PRODUCT BEING INSTALLED AND USED!!!!! Quit being so arrogant! @lokirace thanks for keeping a running tally of the issues. lima/cgc need to be held accountable for this scam. This campaign in review: 1 there is no proof of CGC's claimed patents (prove me wrong and post a redacted patent application, simple as that) 2 there is no hardware available to ship (a year later, the hardware is still in China?) 3 CGC has shown that they have Lima's in their office but they refuse to provide even one of those to a backer as proof that Lima isn't vaporware 4 CGC can't demo Lima at meetups without internet access/wifi 5 CGC is not located in Delaware or even the United States as claimed in this campaign (a violations of TOS at the time of the campaign) 6 CGC has violated Kickstarter TOS by not providing refunds or doing pledges 7 only pre-order customers can get refunds, not backers 8 backers have never seen a working demo (videos provided can be accomplished by btsync) 9 Lima will replace the stable file system of your entire OS 10 UPnP is now magically required (screw you if you have a real network or network admins or want to use this at work). CGC claims that UPnP isn't required, but if you don't have it or can't use it, you'll be forced to use their decentralized servers run by CGC (meaning if they go out of business, your Lima is useless). 11 there is currently no firm shipping date. CGC says sometime in 2015. 12 after being funded, they threw their entire codebase in the trash and went with a ground up rewrite in a different language 13 delays are blamed solely on how successful the campaign was. If the campaign hadn't been this successful, we would all have our Lima's according to CGC. 14 CGC refuses to release their scraped python code, that according to their campaign was completely finished 15 beta testing has completely stopped. 1 CGC friend was given a device, nobody else is confirmed to have been included in the beta testing group even though hundreds applied. 16 CGC world headquarters <url>"user" folder. Good luck if you didn't want to share your family videos with your Lima. I'm keeping this running tally of issues with CGC/Lima so that backers can stay informed. CGC, I encourage you to contact me directly with any corrections you feel I should make to this list. I am very interested in ensuring the information I am providing is accurate. @CGC You seem to think that my list is a set of questions. Most of them aren't questions. They are a summary of facts that I feel backers should easily be made aware of. Your updates are sparse and lacking in any information. Most useful information, including numerous revelations about major requirement changes for using Lima, you've made inside comments that get lost. Therefore, I've made a list of information that I think is key for backers when considering what course of action to take about this successfully funded, but unsuccessfully delivered, campaign. You shouldn't feel obligated to response, but please let me know if anything I'm including in the list is not factual. 1. post a redacted patent application. Top secret or not, all your backers doubt that you even have an application. 2. Repeating useless information, over and over doesn't make it useful. You have a few in your offices, you've shown them on video, ship on to a backer outside of your personal circle of friends. If you can't or won't, please explain why. It's shameful how little you're willing to do for a little good faith with your backers. 3. I'll wait for the backers to post videos about it. And astroturfing backers with 2 or 3 backed campaigns that created their accounts during the Lima campaign don't count. 4. One of the key features is having two Lima's and sync'ing between them. This shouldn't require internet. Please point me to information from your campaign stating that internet access is a requirement to use Lima. Me and many backers planned on to use multiple Lima's on a network for NAS purposes. 5. Nope. You avoided the Kickstarter rules that only US entities could start campaigns. It's a shell corporation. You can call it whatever you want, we aren't idiots. 6. Questionable. Lots of backers feel you have violated the TOS. Kickstarter is spineless enough that you're able to move the launch date, indefinitely, and backers are left flapping in the wind. 7. Yawn......I'm growing tired of you parroting the same statements over and over. 8. "the way Lima works" !== "shown a working Lima" 9. #9 doesn't state that you changed the campaign. I made this bullet point so people can clearly see what Lima will do. It's a pretty insane idea, so I want backers to be aware before they install the Lima that it's going to kill off file systems by Microsoft and Apple, you know, companies with more developers and history than almost any other companies in the tech sector. 10. UPnP is clearly required. Otherwise, as you've stated, we have to use some crazy VPN-like system you've rigged up. 11. I'll believe early 2015 when I see it. 12. Cool, so this point is valid and truthful. Thanks for confirming. 13. You're all over the place on the causes of the delays. You have blamed the success of the campaign on the delays. So this point stands. 14. You said you had to put the finishing touches on it in your campaign. We can mince words all day long. 15. So this point is valid, thanks for confirming. 16. Stop pimping one of your friend's startup websites already. 17. Have you accounted for Cyrillic languages? 18. Confirmed, thanks. 18. Thanks for confirming this valid point. 19. Confirmed, thanks. 20. My use case was this. I bought two Lima's and my brother bought one. I planned on putting one in my office, one in my house and my brother having one. Then I would be able to sync whatever I wanted between my two Lima's and share specific stuff with my brother. This use case, the only reason I bought Lima, was through out the window a full year, after the campaign finished. @CGC : Thanks for the clarification... DO remember that BitLocker on Windows is a broadly used type of Encryption. This is not just a Linux issue :) Android and iOS will also soon be fully encrypted and a piece of software, such as Lima, that is allowed to access data unencrypted will be a huge security risk - especially if it "talks" across the Internet. Therefore I seriously recommend getting your protocols and authentication, encryption efforts (I assume that you encrypt anything you send across!) and authorization verified and checked by an expert third party (no, not another family member or just-happen-to-be-there-neighbour) before setting this loose on people's data. If you consider the stories on SnapChat, DropBox and whatever this last week you can expect a sh*tstorm and a dead in the water company if even a single beta-user looses private data on the Internet for this - or even worse ... Get's their data locked and hold for ransom (In that case a single place for all your files is a ****!). @CGC I had always planned to use Lima software that will be installed on several PCs. My home PC is based on Linux OS and in order to access the OS you have first to decrypt the HD content (it is the first thing I need to do when I turn on the PC). I supposed then after this decrypt Lima content could be synchronized across different platforms (PCs/mobile devices) and OS (Linux/Windows/etc) even if some HD are encrypted and some not. Is this correct? If not I do not remember of a limitation ever said in this regard. The HDs directly connected to Lima hardware will instead not be encrypted. PS: all my HD in the PCs are SSD and configured to few wearing / no swaps; I hope the Lima software installed on the PCs can be configured also for SSD usage... People believe what they want to believe. I am a non-believer, though I stayed tuned on this comment page and thanks to KC, CGC and Lokiracer, I had some fun reading there often ironic –full of BS -and humorist comments. I consider these smiles and laughs worth the 61,50 euros ! BTW : I backed 2 projects at KS. Both failed. Maybe I am the stupid guy. Has anyone seen this? <url>#comment-8010409 @PH You'll never get one. File for a credit card charge back. I want a refund. This project is a joke and is already outdated. @p-middy it matters when looking at the campaign as a whole and building a case for how full of nonsense the CGC team is. Oh, and it proves they are liars, again, and again. re: Lima's patent application, honestly, does it really matter if one was filed? I mean, if they filed it based upon their original spec (which you would have to assume they did), it's irrelevant anyway because they rewrote the underlying code. I know people generally assume that software patents are so broad and vague that it would still matter, but that hasn't really been the case - at least for what's allowable as a patent - for the last five or so years; you have to be pretty specific about what you're claiming. No, the patent application doesn't have to be tied to specific code, but it does have to be tied to the specific underlying concept, which sounds like it's changed. There are a lot of issues with the project. Bringing up the patent application - which is still confidential even at the Patent Office - is a red herring. Especially as bullet point one. I'm not attacking you lokiracer, I'm just saying frontload the appropriate issues when you're listing them. The "missing" patent isn't one of them. By the way lads. Do you know the new Lima investors? Allow me to introduce them to you <url>"user" folder. Good luck if you didn't want to share your family videos with your Lima. I'm keeping this running tally of issues with CGC/Lima so that backers can stay informed. CGC, I encourage you to contact me directly with any corrections you feel I should make to this list. I am very interested in ensuring the information I am providing is accurate. Note to self: Next time I'll look at the team's bios a little closer to judge their experience with actual products. Looking at the KS based projects I funded, I am learning that just funding, no matter how high, is no indication that the project is going to make it anywhere near the promised timeline. as shown here it obviously does not buy productizing expertise. To add insult, often gets shipped when newer better similar devices are available elsewhere. Getting in early does not seem to buy an advantage then: When it ships you can buy it anyway but then evaluate it honestly against what else is on the market. I'll gladly pay the difference to get a decent product. Then I can focus KS funding not on technology I need but on groups and startups I want to support. At this point when you ship is irrelevant. There is no way I will *ever* trust the GSC team to overlay my filesystem with anything it made in-house. You win some you lose some, this one is a loss. Please remove my name from all of your distribution lists. You can blow my 79$ on drugs and **** for all I care, it will be worth it if I never hear about this business again. From update 30: "5. All the components of the Lima device are assembled by hand." ...in China. Nov 27 2013 "A small cloud, and its silver lining I hope everyone has been able to create their backer dashboard account. If not, shoot us an e-mail (team AT meetlima.com) and we’ll be glad to help. It’s high time to update you guys about shipping. I know many of you have been wondering if we would maintain our estimated delivery time, i.e. ship the first Lima devices in December. We have been considering the upsides and downsides of doing so, and we’ve ultimately taken the decision to ship all the Lima devices in Spring." Spring of 2016? 2017? terry, I think the meant to say one person per device. They appear to be stuck in 1995 where multiple user support on computers, phones, tablets was pretty much unheard of for a home PC. Like many, I don't even want Lima anymore (better solutions have shipped since I backed Lima), don't think it will ever ship and I can't get a refund. I feel ripped off. I've backed Lima and Diaspora (both seem to be failing) and I've learned one thing: Never support another Kickstarter project. @ limateam you say..."Lima is based on the idea of one computer per person, so it’s not yet ideal for family computers Sending all your holiday pictures takes only a second" so what dose this mean.. my home PC / Lima can be connected to 1 device or 10 devices ? phone , tablet . laptop, smartwatch.... @ CGC "1/ ODrive is a cloud aggregator. 2/ With Odrive, you can’t see the files inside a folder before you’ve manually synced the folder. 3/ If you want to keep your files off the Cloud, you need to set up a server yourself. 4 / And most importantly, Odrive doesn’t unify the memory of all your devices. " Technically Lima does none of that, either -- since Lima has yet to be delivered. Odrive is superior simply by existing. Fresh fertilizer has arrived. Was it last week that CGC was claiming the Lima case was sealed and couldn't be opened? I guess it is indicative of their low opinion of our intelligence to assume we cannot operate a pair of pinch-tabs... @CGC: does Lima handle encrypted drives? Does it add additional writes for a ssd compared to a Non-Lima "computer and thereby degrade the lifetime? About the missing support for multiuser devices... This is a serious missing feature - effectively ruling out practically every Windows version, Linux version, current versions of Android and iOS and MacOS X... "With Odrive, you can’t see the files inside a folder before you’ve manually synced the folder." So the "big" innovation of Lima is that it automatically marks your user hive folders for sync whether you want that or not. Amazeballs. -and I bet now CGC will stop talking about how innovative their software is and focus on how Lima is better because it has hardware. I bet odrive already filed their patents. @cgc why not start working with the odrive people? Looks like they have the software written that you lied about having ready a year ago. <url>#comment-8010409 <url>#comment-8010409 This campaign in review: 1 there is no proof of CGC's claimed patents (prove me wrong and post a redacted patent application, simple as that) 2 there is no hardware available to ship (a year later, the hardware is still in China?) 3 CGC has shown that they have Lima's in their office but they refuse to provide even one of those to a backer as proof that Lima isn't vaporware 4 CGC can't demo Lima at meetups without internet access/wifi 5 CGC is not located in Delaware or even the United States as claimed in this campaign (a violations of TOS at the time of the campaign) 6 CGC has violated Kickstarter TOS by not providing refunds or doing pledges 7 only pre-order customers can get refunds, not backers 8 backers have never seen a working demo (videos provided can be accomplished by btsync) 9 Lima will replace the stable file system of your entire OS 10 UPnP is now magically required (screw you if you have a real network or network admins or want to use this at work). CGC claims that UPnP isn't required, but if you don't have it or can't use it, you'll be forced to use their decentralized servers run by CGC (meaning if they go out of business, your Lima is useless). 11 there is currently no firm shipping date. CGC says sometime in 2015. 12 after being funded, they threw their entire codebase in the trash and went with a ground up rewrite in a different language 13 delays are blamed solely on how successful the campaign was. If the campaign hadn't been this successful, we would all have our Lima's according to CGC. 14 CGC refuses to release their scraped python code, that according to their campaign was completely finished 15 beta testing has completely stopped. 1 CGC friend was given a device, nobody else is confirmed to have been included in the beta testing group even though hundreds applied. 15 CGC world headquarters <url>"However, at this point, we’ve haven’t seen any solution capable of taking the integrality of a user’s content, and syncing it seamlessly across multiple computers." Ever hear of btsync? Dropbox? box.net? opencloud? I'm sure I am forgetting others. There are tons of off-the shelf providers that do exactly that. <url>’s good with Lima is that it’s entirely private and decentralized. So Lima can work independently from any servers, and continue managing your data even if our startup dies (disclosure: we don’t plan anything like that). The only thing we manage on our side of the equations are updates of our app and the web interface of Lima. In case of company crash, we’ll do our best to open source at least the most critical parts of our code, so the community continues improving the solution every night. Last updated: Tue, Aug 6 2013 10:49 AM PDT @CGC "Concerning Kickstarter’s TOS: pledges could be cancelled during the funding period of the campaign, according to those TOS. " Those exact same TOS say you owe us a refund for failed projects, and that changing the project after the campaign closes are not allowed. If I were you, I would be careful about pointing at the TOS -- you are violating them left and right. James - Lima's biggest failing was to choose to re-write the whole software in C instead of going ahead with their python version that only needed a GUI writing for it..... Ashley... I disagree. Its sad that projects like LIMA leave a bad taste in peoples mouths. But my experience with Kickstarter and the people pitching thier projects here has been in the main very positive. People need to realise that you are speculating here, there is no guarantee that anything will come of your backing a project. So its up to the backer to judge if the project is legit and you trust the people building it. The problem is that many kickstarters (hardware projects mostly) vastly underestimate the scope and get stars in thier eyes when the money starts ticking up. In these cases honesty from the project is the best approach and making sure you a clear with revised deadlines etc. LIMA's failing here is the lack of deadlines and the fact what they say keeps changing and is not consistent. Which leads to mistrust. I am resigned now to the fact that my money is gone. But I am keen to watch and see where this goes... I think one of four things will happen: 1.) This project will go radio silent and we will never hear from them again. 2.) They fess up that its beyond them and they will try to transfer the IP elsewhere but give no commitments on delivery to backers or 3.) They will ship something that will not live up to the orginal pitch and be essentially useless in the broad sense. Miracles might happen and something that works as described might be shipped, but given everything that has been said and has gone on till now I can't see that happening. Thanks, James Guys, calm down- Lima will be the best thing ever. When you unwrap the lovely packaging and place the perfectly extruded plastic gizmo on your desk, you'll have a little trophy that will forever remind you to NEVER LET THESE CROWDSOURCING FRAUDS have anymore of your hard-earned. Are you listening KS? You're part of this too. KC. It definately an odd way of going about it. However I blame myself for not doing this due diligence before backing the project. I should have never assumed they had some "magic" or unique solution. The fact of the matter is, that if the way LIMA is purported to work actually works, then someone else would have done it by now, because there are a lot of cloud / personal storage solutions that already have mature architectures and infrastructures in place that would suit seamless integration of this sort. However no one does it. I dont think it's because they couldnt do it, but rather its not practical and doesnt really work... Therefore I can only assume that in fact it doesnt really work for LIMA either hence the issues and delays... That said... a distributed index would be a cool. Thanks, James *tap tap* Hello? Is this thing on? @James Andrews -Occam's razor would indicate you have been deceived. See my profile for how to file a credit card chargeback: <url>#comment-8010409 @CGC, What is your comment about the logo. Do you think Coursera got innovation ideas from you? Hi CGC, Thanks for the feedback on the technical details. Glad to hear you are using FUSE, that makes sense. I can see why you needed to switch to C, even so I am worried about the performance issues. I am guessing you intercept every call to the filesystem and sync it to the HDD attached to the LIMA device? I assume it leaves the copy on the originating machine? I was thinking in terms of how you handle IOS, and of course you aren't hooking the Filesystem or running any tricky software there. Obviously everything has to go via your IOS app, so from that respect its nothing new, there are plenty of applications that provide access to external files. To this end I think you pitch video is a little cheeky... It doesn't seamlessly extend the memory of your device in any new way. You have to do all the interaction via your software so everything is gated by that. I am guess what you mean is that your software makes the process of making files available to the mobile devices easier because LIMA just "seamlessly" syncs everything(?) to the attached USB disk? On that point... I assume you filter out the OS and system files? And can you selectively sync files? What I was getting in saying your competitors catching you was a based on what you can now do on IOS and the Mac pretty much natively in terms of extending applications beyond the sandboxes to share data now. On IOS you could never have none anything special anyway. Have you missing a trick here? I think you could have made your device without needing the USB HDD or maybe just using it for an index (is this what you are actually doing already?). If you are watching the filesystems via your software, why not just build an index across multiple shared devices and do on demand sharing and syncing? i.e. The trick your little plug device pulls is to maintain the consolidated index across all devices and when a user wants a file the plug knows where to go to get it. You can still have shared folders which are synced across all devices automatically, but the rest is just an index. Is this what you are doing? if so, why wouldn't you just flag one machine as the master and have that hold the index (which you could also sync...) and do away with the plug altogether? Or you could use it for firewall traversal I suppose. Sorry... I am rambling here, but I have been wracking my brain to think what the unique thing about LIMA is and why its taking 3 years to figure it out. The things I discuss are certainly not trivial to do, but they aren't super hard either. Given a dedicated team and some good management you should be able to put together something quite cool within a year easy. Especially since you are leveraging FUSE to do some of the hardest parts. I don't know what you are using on Windows, but I do know there are several user space filesystem extension mechanisms. Any number of other products (such as Transporter for example) provide exactly the functionality you are touting really. Ok you need to tell them what to Sync and use special folders etc, but that is really what the average user wants. And now with the opening up of IOS in particular you get much more bang for your buck, which I expect you haven't had a chance to implement yet. One final question... How does the TV integration (as mentioned in your pitch video) work? Anyway... In conclusion... 1.) I can't work out what has taken so long 2.) I think your methodology probably has huge performance impacts 3.) I can't work out what is actually unique here 4.) I think there are better options out there that you can buy NOW 5.) I don't think the way you are implementing it (if I am right) is the best way to do it, given your proposal. Look forward to your feedback Thanks, James @jminca look below for comments. File chargeback I'm sorry to ask what may be a stupid question, but after completely forgetting about this project I stopped in to see if it has been delivered. I moved since I backed Lima (who knew it was going to be a year?) so it's possible it shipped and I just didn't get mine? Did this thing ever ship? <url>#12). Very close to the expected shipping date, the development time is extended and shipping is pushed to spring 2014. 2013-12-11 (update #13). Details regarding the spring push is published and the transition from Python to C is made public. Since then I've heard nothing that gives this project any confidence. Also, the project being shipped is not the one the money was raised for. I liked this project especially considering the implicit openness. Instead... 1. The case is being "glued" together. 2. The JTAG is removed. 3. There are NO mentions of keeping anything open. Instead, ideas have pending patents (and I'm very interested to see the validity considering prior art). How are source code audits supposed to happen? Is there even continuous integration testing? From the public updates, the team sounds inexperienced and I have a hard time trusting this product for so many reasons. 5. Forced automatic firmware updates. I support the voices of lokiracer, KC, fmotta and the other people questioning this project and the refusal of refunds even if they changed the promised scope. Needless to say, I will take further action regarding my money on monday. Here's another alternative that I just found: <url>"proprietary file system" whatever that means. And you can't sync local files on 2 computers using 2 Transporter Sync devices, you need the Sync to be plugged into a hard drive. Except... if you try and use one of your existing drives, it will wipe the drive while it's preparing it for use with Transporter. If I am going to use my own external hard drives anyways, I am not using someone else's "proprietary file system". I might as well get a proper NAS device for that. 3) I looked into the Synology NAS devices. They do use a different file system (the EXT3) as it's basically a Linux computer inside, but the features do make it totally worth it. The DS214+ for work and the DS214play for home make a kick-ass combination. But, buying those two, combined with buying 4 WD Red Pro 4TB drives, breaks the bank at over 2Gs. That will have to wait. <url>"difficult" are unfounded as this is working on many sub $100USD devices already and the sources are open. So, sole need for CGC: Locate working device with open software and define like hardware then build and flash on their hardware then test. After that, 'brand' it with the stolen logo and ship. SW investment time: ~2 weeks; Test investment time: ~4 weeks. Time to market: ~3 months for branded software; ~3-5 months for branded hardware. What is taking so long to make this? Explanation: This is "difficult". See the top of this comment. Chief innovation: Stolen logo. Welcome to "Lima: the money is on CGC's wallet." (jokes on the backers). @terry -You can tell that Lima is more innovative than that because it is too difficult to produce. you can always do this <url>"sealed" (inside the plastic case) so far? @Henrik Don't be fooled. If UPnP isn't available, the only option is a VPN that CGC has developed that will require hosted servers. @CGC ... Thanks for your attempt at answering my questions! Glad to hear the part about UPnP! Looking forward to seing how your product handles encrypted drives.. Regarding your "VC funding was not needed" I can help you remember all the way back to... " The CGC team on October 1 @Steve You have indeed made a point and understood why we have raised $2.5M with Partech Ventures (and they have, as you can imagine, done a due diligence before giving us the money) . This is also why we won’t be offering refund for Kickstarter backers. Building a hardware company is very very costly. We’ve spent far more money than the Kickstarter campaign. It was a deliberate choice to make a Kickstarter campaign with a very low / almost no margin, but that meant we had to go find additional fundings - VCs, and bank loans. We’re solid and will honor shipping and building what we’ve promised, but we can’t financially refund some of you and take the risk to let the rest of you down." I know October 1st was a long time ago for you guys... Then take a moment to think about how long the backers had to wait for your constant delays?! Regarding the spending I find it a bit weird that you seem to remember quite clear what you spent your money on. How difficult is it to put together a quick overview with some REAL numbers? Not much compared to making a video saying nothing, I would assume! Regarding "Concerning your last question, the fact that having 18 times more backers than anticipated would mean we’d have to take more time to ship a great product to everyone wasn’t something we had planned before the Kickstarter campaign." ... I cannot fathom this in any way! Are you now saying that shipping becomes more difficult if you get more backers or more pre-orders?! Makes absolutely no sense! The software - we already know from your comments and answers - isn't limited or more complicated with more backers. I assume production is either cheaper or the same (if you opt in for a multiple delivery strategy). Please explain it to me why you are using this excuse instead of admitting some or a large level of incompetence! I would guess a little hurt to the ego won't damage as much as another lie in this aspect! CGC - Please respond to comments I make rather than answering a different topic. my comment was about version of Windows / android your system will support, no where in the campaign does it say that it is Windows 7 / android 2.3 or later. I am well aware that after the KS funded you decided on a full re-write without offering people a refund @lokiracer, Here is another one for you authentic logo @Johnny, I know man I was being sarcastic :) im pretty sure its the other way around since Coursera has been a company longer than CGC @CGC, I just realized something why your company logo is identical to Coursera Icon? <url>"next Year and hope for the best " SO NOW ITS... "Concerning support, we’re focusing on current OS versions, i.e. from Android 2.3 and Windows 7." And on the home page its..(at the start of this project/scam) "After getting your Lima, you’ll be able to install our apps on your iPhone, your iPad, your Android phone or tablet and your computers – either Mac, Linux or PC. We’re planning to support Windows Phone as soon as possible after launch.W WTF i use Linux and Mac and all the rest,,,do i sell these devices now or wait till next and hope for the best This campaign in review: 1 there is no proof of CGC's claimed patents (prove me wrong and post a redacted patent application, simple as that) 2 there is no hardware available to ship (a year later, the hardware is still in China?) 3 CGC has shown that they have Lima's in their office but they refuse to provide even one of those to a backer as proof that Lima isn't vaporware 4 CGC can't demo Lima at meetups without internet access/wifi 5 CGC is not located in Delaware or even the United States as claimed in this campaign (a violations of TOS at the time of the campaign) 6 CGC has violated Kickstarter TOS by not providing refunds or doing pledges 7 only pre-order customers can get refunds, not backers 8 backers have never seen a working demo (videos provided can be accomplished by btsync) 9 Lima will replace the stable file system of your entire OS 10 UPnP is now magically required (screw you if you have a real network or network admins or want to use this at work). CGC claims that UPnP isn't required, but if you don't have it or can't use it, you'll be forced to use their decentralized servers run by CGC (meaning if they go out of business, your Lima is useless). 11 there is currently no firm shipping date. CGC says sometime in 2015. 12 after being funded, they threw their entire codebase in the trash and went with a ground up rewrite in a different language 13 delays are blamed solely on how successful the campaign was. If the campaign hadn't been this successful, we would all have our Lima's according to CGC. 14 CGC refuses to release their scraped python code, that according to their campaign was completely finished 15 beta testing has completely stopped. 1 CGC friend was given a device, nobody else is confirmed to have been included in the beta testing group even though hundreds applied. 15 CGC world headquarters <url>"ordered" my apple, oh so many months ago and it still hasn't come, I've resorted to eating grapes and bananas and those have been filling me up quite well. I don't think I need the apple anymore. Still waiting for the answers to my questions... And just when CGC finally started responding on these forums :-( This campaign in review: 1 there is no proof of CGC's claimed patents (prove me wrong and post a redacted patent application, simple as that) 2 there is no hardware available to ship (a year later, the hardware is still in China?) 3 CGC has shown that they have Lima's in their office but they refuse to provide even one of those to a backer as proof that Lima isn't vaporware 4 CGC can't demo Lima at meetups without internet access/wifi 5 CGC is not located in Delaware or even the United States as claimed in this campaign (a violations of TOS at the time of the campaign) 6 CGC has violated Kickstarter TOS by not providing refunds or doing pledges 7 only pre-order customers can get refunds, not backers 8 backers have never seen a working demo (videos provided can be accomplished by btsync) 9 Lima will replace the stable file system of your entire OS 10 UPnP is now magically required (screw you if you have a real network or network admins or want to use this at work) 11 there is currently no firm shipping date. CGC says sometime in 2015. 12 after being funded, they threw their entire codebase in the trash and went with a ground up rewrite in a different language 13 delays are blamed solely on how successful the campaign was. If the campaign hadn't been this successful, we would all have our Lima's according to CGC. 14 CGC refuses to release their scraped python code, that according to their campaign was completely finished 15 beta testing has completely stopped. 1 CGC friend was given a device, nobody else is confirmed to have been included in the beta testing group even though hundreds applied. 15 CGC world headquarters <url>"Replaces the filesystem" do you mean it replaces HFS+ on Mac, NTFS on Windows etc and puts in place other entire filesystem? Or is it rather a layer that sits on top of the filesystem and intercepts system calls? Either way.... Its very scary and dangerous and I have to say a quite inelegant way of going about it. Another thing that troubles me is you are missing so many OS releases here, how can you hope to release a stable product? OSX Yosemite is coming next week, have you meen developing against that? Does your app take advantage of the new features in IOS8? On the IOS point, you have taken so long to get your product off the ground that the other vendors you will be competing against can now very easily provide the functionality that Lima is based on. They will do it a different way (as far as I can make out what you are doing), but functionally they can be pretty much identical without the heavy duty "filesystem replacements". So if you had of shipped something earlier you may have gained some market share on the Mac / IOS side, but now you have really missed the boat. Really... Everything has changed since you started! That has to be a concern? I worry that this might mean you go off for another year to try and create something unique again. Thanks, James CGC world headquarters: <url>éverin never set out to cheat anyone out of their money, I think he meant to chase his dream of getting this idea of a product to market by any means necessary and grossly underestimating each step. The end result however is the same: no product yet and lots of people who feel cheated anyway. If this product ever ships, it will be the most expensive paperweight I own, because like many of you, I will never allow a dubious product like this has become to take over my entire file system. I found this article on Séverins Facebook-page, basically, we (the backers) were only meant as 'traction' to get to the bigger bucks of the venture capitalist. <url>#.VDeo3oSChJt This sucks in so many ways. :-( this is their office btw <url>#1837 Newark, DE, 19713 which is also where Corpomax.com is located, which so happens this company helps people like CGC produce SHELL COMPANIES in the United States aka Authorized Service Agent. CGC - did you say you had a physical address in Newark, DE? If so, whose taking care of your office there? Anymore Lies to tell your backers? - Loki i believe you can add this to your list. I dont mind waiting for a product but when i pledge money for an apple and i have to wait to get an orange i feel like i am being played for a fool. What was stated in the campaign has not transpired and has changed so much i don't hold out much hope of ever getting what i backed. Be it an apple or orange the bad taste left in my mouth tastes like a lemon. Same here as well. KS couldn't wait to threaten me for the "abusive" behavior of changing my avatar, but went silent quick when I asked them to justify the allegation and extend the invitation to the abuses of CGC KS is a shitshow now. @lokiracer, Same here. Their answer was a copy paste as well. I already complaint to BBB regarding Kickstarter. I should mention that Kickstarter stopped communicating with me once I asked them if they were going to require CGC/Lima to abide by the TOS. @Steve, Unfortunately, Kickstarter is not going to do anything. I have been trying for 2 months. They simply say we are the platform deal with the project creator. I personally will never ever put my money into Kickstarter. What is sad we have to go this just to get our legal refund. It is pathetic. Kickstarter needs to create new set of rules to punish project creators under certain circumstances. I also agree with @Henrik - They just recelty start answering, but this doesnt make it right. What happened suddenly after a year later CGC team start answering people? Are you running out of money? I also would like to how CGC will answer to Henrik's questions @Steve That response from Kickstarter is insane. They really and truly believe that they are not responsible anything. What good are terms of service if the campaigns can't be required to abide by them? @KC I like it. Alas, not even I could stand seeing Sev's constipated face as my avatar for long. This one 'fits' this project better Steve, I (and I am sure others) appreciate what you are doing with your complaint and class-action work, but I would also appreciate if you did not cross post everything here and in the update comments. The latest reply from kickstarter From: Melissa (Kickstarter) Oct 09 16:48 Hi Steve, Thank you for letting me know you've already reported this project. I can see that our Integrity team has received your report along with other backers of this project. We've reached out to them with a reminder of their obligations to their backer community, in addition to having forwarded along your concerns and those of your fellow backers. While we're disheartened that they have not yet updated you and other backers on the status of their project, we're unable to force them to do so. It's the creator's responsibility to communicate and complete their project as promised. I'm sorry again that this creator has not been a positive example of what a creator on Kickstarter looks like. Although we are unable to offer refunds, we are constantly working to improve the vetting process for creators and feedback such as this is exactly what helps us do so. We want to make the rate of successful projects as well as the rate of happy backers as high as possible. Best, Melissa sdelepine Oct 09 14:12 Melissa, I tried that BEFORE I contacted you, and I have not received any response from your "Integrity team". I'm trying to communicate a real problem that I feel is only the tip of the iceberg you are facing. You can get either steer clear of this danger by working with your real customers (the Backers) or you can run straight into the iceberg and let it sink the Kickstarter ship. Please treat my request seriously and with the understanding that I'm only one of thousands who feel the same way. We want the Kickstarter concept to work, we DON'T want the fraudsters to succeed and if you support and protect the Lima's of the world you will see a flood of backers swamping you with a social media tidal wave. Interesting turn of events, I have to say! First of I would like to thank CGC for starting to appearing on these forums and answering a few questions here and there. If it is a part of the new communication strategy or simple an end game damage control before a cash collection round I cannot tell. However, the part about UPnP is NOT answered! Saying that UPnP is a standard is NOT the same as saying it doesn't matter you added this requirement AFTER the campaign. At my home my internet supplier has given me a router with no UPnP support and will not accept third party routers on my fiber connection - meaning that Lima became unusable the second you added your untold requirement ... after the campaign, that is! For that alone you should offer a refund!!! You have already spent a lot of words these last few days trying to argue that you haven't broken any TOS, which is quite a central point and will be even more central to the upcoming class action suit... Now, let's get back to a few of the questions you haven't answered then in that regard... You claim that you already knew at the time of the campaign that you would need additional funding - even though you succeeded in getting close to 1.25 million instead of your requested 69k. Where in your campaign did you inform the would-be backers that additional funding would be required for you to deliver anything of what you promised? Please document this... Secondly you are REQUIRED by Kickstarter to document your spending so that the backers can see how their money was spent. Please deliver this immediately or else you will be in direct violation of the TOS! Thirdly you are required to keep the backers in the loop and here of course you are in deep *beeeeeep* because that history is so easy to document - even without your bulls*beeeeeep*t... Just look at your own Update-history for this campaign and your "presence" and "eagerness" to answer questions here on your Kickstarter page. Fourth and finally you should be able to document where you - in your original campaign - make it clear to all would-be backers that the more who back this project the longer it will take to develop. A claim you have used again and again and again - without being able to deliver any reason for it - after your recent delay. As this is suppose to be a solution not requiring a central server it is common logic to believe that the complexity does not rise with the number of backers. Instead one should expect the cost to go down per backer. This is especially central as you have continuously allowed pre-ordering of this product after the campaign, which according to your logic should continue to add months of development to this non-ending cirkus. If you cannot document that you had clearly stated in the original campaign that the more backers the longer time it would take to develop you are again in direct violation of the TOS. So, your turn, CGC... Please document that you did run things by the book! "Concerning demos, we’ve already showed you THE WAY Lima works..." Note how his words did not claim to "Show Lima WORKING..." Weasels. Added to the list. @lokiracer Also they never started a public beta test. They only put a picture of one guy. if I am not mistaken they said they canceled the beta test and switch the focus on software Their screenshots are Photoshop versions of spotify etc @Dave, I bet that project will ship faster than LIMA This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Updated my list. Don't forget the complete re-write in C announced after funding had completed They can not spare anyone's time to develop the UI for the python version so we can use that until C version is ready They planned to ship to 1000 backers but didn't cap pledge levels to ensure they could meet their original plan on time Ignoring requests to have their python version'd code analysed This campaign in review: 1 there is no proof of CGC's claimed patents (prove me wrong and post a redacted patent application, simple as that) 2 there is no hardware available to ship (a year later, the hardware is still in China?) 3 CGC has shown that they have Lima's in their office but they refuse to provide even one of those to a backer as proof that Lima isn't vaporware 4 CGC can't demo Lima at meetups without internet access/wifi 5 CGC is not located in Delaware or even the United States as claimed in this campaign (a violations of TOS at the time of the campaign) 6 CGC has violated Kickstarter TOS by not providing refunds or doing pledges 7 only pre-order customers can get refunds, not backers 8 backers have never seen a working demo (videos provided can be accomplished by btsync) 9 Lima will replace the stable file system of your entire OS 10 UPnP is now magically required (screw you if you have a real network or network admins or want to use this at work) 11 there is currently no firm shipping date. We know it's in 2015. I'm keeping this running tally of issues with CGC/Lima so that backers can stay informed. On Thu, Oct 9, 2014 at 10:51 AM, Melissa wrote: Thanks for contacting Kickstarter. Your request (#397008) has been updated. If you have further questions or comments, you can add a comment by replying to this email. Melissa (Kickstarter) Oct 09 13:51 Hi Steve, If the Lima project raises any real concerns, please use the "Report this project" button at the bottom of the project page. Our Integrity team reviews each reported project carefully. Thanks, Melissa Melissa, I tried that BEFORE I contacted you, and I have not received any response from your "Integrity team". I'm trying to communicate a real problem that I feel is only the tip of the iceberg you are facing. You can get either steer clear of this danger by working with your real customers (the Backers) or you can run straight into the iceberg and let it sink the Kickstarter ship. Please treat my request seriously and with the understanding that I'm only one of thousands who feel the same way. We want the Kickstarter concept to work, we DON'T want the fraudsters to succeed and if you support and protect the Lima's of the world you will see a flood of backers swamping you with a social media tidal wave. Skype also works extremely well without UPnP. Your point? Those aren't demo videos. Those are videos showing how you use btsync. Show us plugging in a Lima, plugging in a hdd and then syncing with another Lima. I'll remind everyone, that at the time that this campaign was started, it was not allowed for campaigns to be run my non-US based entities. That's the main reason that CGC is scrambling to defend the idea that they are US based. For that lawsuit, I hope you guys will request copies of tax records for CGC during discovery. Please, are there any backers that live near Newark, DE? I will pay your for your gas if you will drive over to the CGC "offices" in Newark and snap some photos. @CGC and we trusted that you would know how to estimate delivery times. You're a year off from that. So exactly who holds more responsibility for being pissed off about this campaign? Backers who trusted CGC or CGC for failing to estimate correctly, by over a year. We backed this campaign based on the information provided by CGC. Faulty information, clearly, but still information provided solely by CGC. I can't think of a single aspect of the original campaign that still exists. @CGC I think you missed this community guideline "All we ask is that those conversations stay honest..." Since your so keen on making sure those guidelines are followed, you may want to report yourself. @CGC You have a shell corporation in Delaware. Congrats. That doesn't mean you are a US company. You need wifi to demo the product? No where, ever in the campaign, was it mentioned that Wifi was required. Freaking ship one or two of those devices you have on hand, in your office, to backers that have agreed to forgo any warranties or guarantees. Seriously!? How blind are you to the fact that you could quiet us all down if you just sent a Lima to a real person, functioning or not. CGC/Lima is beyond laughable. *crickets* @CGC, Do you have a phone number we can call for US location? Right all companies should have a phone #. I only see an address. @Sylvain Zimmer, Are you really serious? Did you even read all the comments and Lima's updates? At this moment, I accept to agree look stupid if they can deliver something stable, but what can you do? Do you give away your money and like to get fooled. If yes send me $79. I will have a product for you. I will give you an update next day. hmm Sorry, Next month, Next Year ? What a joke! <url>#397008) has been updated. If you have further questions or comments, you can add a comment by replying to this email. Melissa (Kickstarter) Oct 09 11:55 Hi Steve, Thanks for reaching out and sorry you're looking to get a refund. Successfully funded project creators plan their project around the funding they received while it was live on Kickstarter. As a result, these funds are often tied up in the completion of the project, or fulfillment of rewards, which the Lima project creator let you know. If you'd like to see if a refund may be possible, you would need to work this out with the project creator directly. As funds are dispersed directly to the project creator, we're unable to facilitate refunds. That said, I hope that this matter is resolved soon and am here to help if you have any other questions or concerns. Best, Melissa sdelepine Oct 07 13:08 Here is the reply I received after several attempts my request is based on the attached terms of use at the time of funding: Here is a copy of the form letter I received, admitting that they spent all of our money and at the same time saying if they fail they will refund our money? How do they plan to refund our money if they already spent all of it? hmmm From: "Christophe (Lima)" Date: October 7, 2014 at 8:07:46 AM PDT To: sdelepine Subject: [Lima] Re: Request for refund Reply-To: Lima Christophe (Lima) Oct 07 17:07 Hi Steve, Thank you for your message. We answered you this morning. Please find below a copy of the email we sent few hours ago: Hi Steve, I'm sorry that you've been disappointed by the fact that we're going to ship a few months after the initial schedule. Unfortunately, we didn't have the choice if we wanted to ship a high-quality risk-free Lima right away. We understand it’s frustrating to wait for Lima, yet we’re doing our best to put it in your hands as soon as we can. At this stage, your support is really important since it allowed us to make all the required investments. Unfortunately we can't refund your pledge now as, as initially planned, funds were used for production and development process. Building a hardware company is very very costly (more costly than you can imagine, and that we could have imagined). We’ve spent far more money than the Kickstarter campaign. It was a deliberate choice to make a Kickstarter campaign with a very low / almost no margin, but that meant we had to go find additional fundings - VCs, and bank loans. We’re solid and will honor shipping and building what we’ve promised, but we can’t financially refund some of you and take the risk to let the rest of you down. According to Kickstarter terms, we'll refund all pledges if the project fails. The whole team is involved into the project completion and looking forward to deliver the product we promised. Our project isn't cancelled and we'll fulfill all rewards. If we fail, we'll refund you. Really. But for the time being, failure isn't an option. Let us know if we can do anything else to reassure you about Lima project development. We are working hard to satisfy all our backers and we will listen carefully to your feedbacks. Best, Christophe for the Lima Team - Christophe (Lima) Oct 07 17:04 Request #9338 "Refund request" was closed and merged into this request. Last comment in request #9338: Dear CGC team this is my second request, I sent an email to you on October 5th with no reply from you regarding my request for a refund or a confirmed ship date for the device. I've attached my email for your reference, please reply ASAP. Please send me a refund. I am requesting this based on the Terms of Service that states the following: *Kickstarter does not offer refunds. A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. (Due to the lenghth of time it has taken it is clear you are unable to fulfill the reward) *Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. Since you are already a year past your original timeline and you still can not give me a delivery date for my finished product. You are in breach of the good faith of this agreement and therefore I request a refund. @Sylvian you must be one of the 5k backers who helped fund this scam. Considering your from Paris, you must be a personal friend. Thanks for speaking up. When we develop the class action, we'll know who to include in this conspiracy. @Sylvain Imagine that. Another Paris local defending CGC/Lima. And a backer with almost no Kickstarter activity. Why am I not the least bit surprised. I have formed my opinion of Lima/CGC by a year of careful study. Also the fact that they refuse to show a working version of the Lima, provide backers with pledges and avoid meeting real backers face to face. I just wanted to point out that all of the haters here will look incredibly stupid with their conspiracy theories when they meet the Lima team, test the devices & then receive theirs. Sure the delays are frustrating but trying to argue Lima is a scam in any way is completely insane. This is from facebook - claims to have a American company based in the US. Guess it makes it easier to sue huh? "The Kickstarter project was launched by our American subsidiary CGC, which is located in the US. It’s a requirement from Kickstarter to launch campaigns from the US. We know it’s very frustrating to continue waiting before you can receive your reward. It’s very frustrating for us too. However, Kickstarter campaigns are used to fund projects, and projects are sometimes subject to unexpected development and delays. This is what happened to us. We are not proud about it, and we’re sorry we couldn’t meet our shipping date estimates. But the project goes on, and I can assure you we’re still 100% working on the project you’ve helped us fund. We’re 100% confident it will end with a great product in your mailbox." Btw: whoever made Unmeetlima.com has made my night/day. Entertaining to read thru Ryan Miller is probably one of their underlings trying to help cover up their scams Thanks to all who have been monitoring the scam!!! This is exactly what a public offering should include!!! The backers are your allies until you betray them!!! @CGC 2nd chance to answer the simple questions below: You retweeted Ryan Millers (@rmiller107) tweet below. Three simple questions: 1. Did you send a device to him? 2. If yes, what is his backer profile name? 3. If no, why did you retweet? Ryan Miller (@rmiller107): "i was one of the first kickstarterees to get one! nice to see it doing so well." <url>"forgot" to mention in their "working, almost finished prototype" during the campagin! A little recap: - there is no proof of CGC's claimed patents - there is no hardware available to ship - CGC has shown that they have Lima's in their office but they refuse to provide even one of those to a backer as proof that Lima isn't vaporware - CGC can't demo Lima at meetups without internet access - CGC is not located in Delaware or even the United States as claimed in this campaign - CGC has violated Kickstarter TOS by not providing refunds or doing pledges - only pre-order customers can get refunds, not backers - backers have never seen a working demo - Lima will replace the stable file system of your entire OS "Concerning patents: we indeed have several patent-pending technologies. ... Your application goes through several steps and is kept secret this whole time. It is only at the very end of the process (it can take up to several years) that your patent is made public and appears on the website <url>" Actually, that's not true at all. If you filed a US patent application or a PCT (International) application, it will be publicly available 18 months from the earliest claimed priority date or 6 months after filing, whichever is later. Assuming you filed the patent applications right after you posted the kickstarter - I'll even give you up to when it was funded - (because putting the applied-for technology "on sale" or "offering [it] for sale" starts the clock on your deadline to file), your patent application should either be public in 5 months at the most (18 months from September 8th, 2013) or, if you filed later than that, possibly invalid because you missed the bar date. So, it sounds like your patent application should publish right around when you (allegedly) will be shipping Limas, no? And a comment to Kickstarter. How dare you put the words "Be respectful and considerate" next to the "Post comment" button. Why are you not respectful and considerate to investors? We trusted you to make people like CGC would not rip us off! Well I am sure you will see eventually that you are the true losers when more and more of us will never support another Kickstarter campaign. Well now, isn't that interesting! The hardware is not available to ship, so the deadline was not only extended because of software, even if it was done, no product available. I have put my name into the class action campaign and I urge all of you that are aware of what is going on to do the same. I know we are all so angry at how we get jerked around. I think they have learned from our politicians here in the US. The newscaster asks them a question and then they just talk about something else. When asked the question again the politician just continues to talk about something else. Sound familiar? @johnny don't forget that this is also a convienent delaying tactic to avoid having to provide any evidence that the devices that were supposedly ready over a year ago even exist. @hasan 1. It's because they aren't smart business people 2. It's all smoke and mirrors 3. They haven't manufactured anything and don't have any real plans to either. @CGC Here is a question for you. "In the logistics side, we will only be able to send the devices once they have arrived in our warehouses in Europe and in the US (they're currently in Schenzen). According to our current schedule, that should be in just over a month." Why you cannot ship them from Schenzen and save yourself some shipping cost.This is an essential part of Supply Chain. Who are they? I'm guessing a lot of backers already wrote this off as a loss and stopped following. According to Partech Ventures only a very few of use backers are disgruntled. @Heiko we all do, I think. @oxymandias No, it was a photo of......I don't know his name, I think he's the CTO of CGC. No worries, I've moved on. I want to refund! How was that being a jerk? I assumed that was a photo of you... @ozymandias Kickstarter didn't say the face was a violation of TOS. They said I had violate the "don't be a jerk" community guideline. This, of course, is ignoring how minor of an issue my avatar choice was compared to the theft of $13M in backer funds. Oh, and the fact that Kickstarter refuses to enforce their TOS . I still don't get how faces can be against the TOS... Does anyone know of an independent code reviewer, someone who does this as a business and can sign NDA on the actual content but could review the python code to see if it ever could do what CGC says it could (it only needed UI finishing so core processes for Mac, Linux and PC must be there) Kickstarter is ignoring my reply to make CGC/Lima abide by the Kickstarter TOS. They are more worried about a little avatar than they are of $1.3M in stolen backer funds. Please, anyone, if you are confused about whether or not I work for CGC (which I don't), please post. @CGC You retweeted Ryan Millers (@rmiller107) tweet below. Three simple questions: 1. Did you send a device to him? 2. If yes, what is his backer profile name? 3. If no, why did you retweet? Ryan Miller (@rmiller107): "i was one of the first kickstarterees to get one! nice to see it doing so well." <url>’re glad to say that we overcomed the most critical technical challenges brought by our app. After 2 years of research and development, we have already built a prototype of our application on Mac, Windows and Linux. We are currently in the process of optimizing our application code to transform it into production-grade software. And we are confident we can do it during the next six months. @CGC a suggestion: you normally have already the hardware for all your selected beta testers - you wrote on August that you received the "devices" for them. My interpretation of the plural sentence is that it is not just one hardware device for the Santiago group (I am pretty sure that you did not organised one post sending from China just for one device). Then you can already ship next week to the pre-selected beta-tester the devices you already have and this will calm down probably the KS backers. As pre-selected beta tester of the Lisbon group (not knowing you personally at all) I will be willing to show to everyone that I received the device, and indeed I am sure most of the other pre-selected beta-testers will. :-) Cheers @KC your avatar is stomach churning, but not abusive. My avatar is comedic, not abusive. CGC's behavior is abusive, not mine. @KC, I find your avatar not abusive. It does raise awareness who exactly we are dealing with. Not confusing at all. We need a face behind this scam. "According to our current schedule, that should be in just over a month." In the wonderful world of CGC, this statement is always true no matter when it is uttered. @CGC. The following: "According to our current schedule, that should be in just over a month." I know thats another bullshit delay tactics. Our friends at CGC also reported my avatar as "abusive" claiming it would cause "confusion" for the backers. I guess the backers are not confused by a wall of bullshit, deceit and ignoring the question, but a 50 x 50 px video grab could cause the world to stop turning. I told KS to explain that nonsense To all pissed off Lima backers please contact me sdelepine @ gmail I'm putting together a class action case regarding this Project and potentially a larger class regarding kickstarter please use Lima in the subject line. @Steve Delepine, Please include me as 1 of the backers who'd like to see Lima get their ass sued @cgc, please respond to dim3m's request. @cgc you lost all credibility several lies ago. At this point, if you want to be taked seriously, you need to get a finished model in an independent person's hands -- preferably one of the vocal critics. You could also use some of the million plus dollars we gave you to give some tours. @CGC. Respond to my previous comment. Here: @CGC. I've given you my point of view and reasons why I want my non-functioning Lima. There is no reason for you to hold back my device. I accept and waive any issues or problems with my Lima device. I will not hold you responsible for any loss data or miss use. So please send my non functioning Lima. I accept "as is" device. FYI, I want the green Lima. The only color I requested. Don't tell me you ran out of green crayons to add to the delay. Thanks @steve when you start the class action, please name Kickstarter on it too. They too have a part in letting fraud like this run rampant in their site. From email: "We didn’t lie during the Kickstarter campaign. We had a nearly-finished product for 1000 people that we were planning to iterate on. Given the success of the Kickstarter campaign, we decided to build the more robust version of Lima from the start to make sure we’d have a consumer grade product for everyone as soon as possible. You might say that we were too optimistic on the deadlines or that we haven’t communicated enough on our plans in the rush of the year, but we didn't have a false description on the project page. " These guys are so full of it. They bait and switch, and then claim that 'we are ready to deliver the hardware and the software just needs a few bug fixes' is the same as 'all new hardware, and all new software, rewritten, with no intent to honor the timeline we stated' is not lying... If the photo is of you, I have no idea how it's inappropriate considering the many others like it. If it's one of the lima scammers, photoshop a mustache and goatee on it. Too funny. I'll see what Kickstarter says, but I may consider that image if they say mine isn't a keeper. Maybe you need to switch to <url>"So we’ve pretty much rebuilt the entire product architecture" -- so they even admit they scrapped everything. @lokiracer what was your avatar? <url>"as is" device. FYI, I want the green Lima. The only color I requested. Don't tell me you ran out of green crayons to add to the delay. Thanks @Christoffer Lewis: the "never again" part is about the limited edition colors, not the device as a whole. I backed a solution that was nearly finished and just needed funds to produce the hardware. No where did you say you were looking for a complete re-write with the funding, that was only announced after the KS closed. To Quote my pledge level: This device won't be manufactured ever again after this campaign. It's a proof you're one of our earliest supporters. What you are making instead is a full consumer product, so you will not be able to fulfill what I backed and never can - or are you saying that once this device is made you'll never make them again? @Steve Delepine Let me know how I can help. I am sure you will find a lot of people are tired of lima's BS. We need to strike while iron is hot. They will run out of money soon. I know everytbody is trying them to ship the product, but this will not happen. I believe they have no product other than samples. I dont think they even needed to manufacture. They could simply buy existing NAS device which is identoical what they have already. <url>#.VDSYBPldWSo @CGC <url>"as is" device. FYI, I want the green Lima. The only color I requested. Don't tell me you ran out of green crayons to add to the delay. Thanks @ozy KS guidelines allows the project to evolve pre-funding. Once it has been funded, No. The OS changed after funding so they were required to give backers a refund which they did my do or offer. This project is starting to sound like Washington's Ax... If they change the OS, the hardware, the logo, the language it's written in, the features it has, and the delivery date... is it still the same device we backed? @CGC Will you consider shipping the devices to to the backers who agree to voiding all future claims and warranty if we "plug in" our devices before your official firmware release. This could be the fastest way to silence me and the rest of the critics..... @CGC: Thanks for an honest answer on the Firmware-strategy. You didn't answer the part on getting an outside audit of your code? You are - after all - exposing the most critical part of people's files to the Internet and controlling the device firmware via Internet Update... A Single Critical bug or Security hole could sink all of a persons files or worse .. Let them be taken over, taking for ransom or sold over the Internet! @Hasan Yes I have contacted an attorney regarding the class action and I'm following all of the steps to gather the documents and contact the KS backers for this project, we will need to be granted a classification by the courts, this is not a short process and will require interest by more than a few backers. Maybe we should start a KS campaign to raise the funds to bring the class action against Lima :-) I have backed other projects that have taken longer than the estimated delivery (pebble-watch for example) and I understand technical delays and have been sympathetic with Lima up until this last update. "Now I'm mad as hell, and I'm not going to take it anymore". They need to stop wasting out time and money. If they would ship us our devices, I would be happy to sign a document voiding my "Lima reward" if I connect it to the internet before the update is released. Thanks CGC for the answer. Ok I understand (and agree!) that you should focus all your available resources on Lima software. I was just hoping that you could quickly adapt (in the range of one hour max - changing some small already identified instructions for your hardware) the WanserR standard firmware to Lima hardware. If this is not so easy it would be wise in any case to already distribute now the hardware at least to all beta testers - to bring some confidence back (that you are actually moving things towards) to the Kickstarter backers posting here Cheers @Steve Delepine, They are not going to give you a refund. There are a lot of people asking for a refund and only thing we get is the same email you have received. If you contact with Kickstarter - They will not help you as well. They will tell yoy to contact with project creator. Look at @KC's profile and contact with your bank <url>#limafail #limascam #limawhereismyproduct #meetlima @ozymandias Here is a copy of the form letter I received. From: "Christophe (Lima)" Date: October 7, 2014 at 8:07:46 AM PDT To: sdelepine Subject: [Lima] Re: Request for refund Reply-To: Lima Christophe (Lima) Oct 07 17:07 Hi Steve, Thank you for your message. We answered you this morning. Please find below a copy of the email we sent few hours ago: Hi Steve, I'm sorry that you've been disappointed by the fact that we're going to ship a few months after the initial schedule. Unfortunately, we didn't have the choice if we wanted to ship a high-quality risk-free Lima right away. We understand it’s frustrating to wait for Lima, yet we’re doing our best to put it in your hands as soon as we can. At this stage, your support is really important since it allowed us to make all the required investments. Unfortunately we can't refund your pledge now as, as initially planned, funds were used for production and development process. Building a hardware company is very very costly (more costly than you can imagine, and that we could have imagined). We’ve spent far more money than the Kickstarter campaign. It was a deliberate choice to make a Kickstarter campaign with a very low / almost no margin, but that meant we had to go find additional fundings - VCs, and bank loans. We’re solid and will honor shipping and building what we’ve promised, but we can’t financially refund some of you and take the risk to let the rest of you down. According to Kickstarter terms, we'll refund all pledges if the project fails. The whole team is involved into the project completion and looking forward to deliver the product we promised. Our project isn't cancelled and we'll fulfill all rewards. If we fail, we'll refund you. Really. But for the time being, failure isn't an option. Let us know if we can do anything else to reassure you about Lima project development. We are working hard to satisfy all our backers and we will listen carefully to your feedbacks. Best, Christophe for the Lima Team - Christophe (Lima) Oct 07 17:04 Request #9338 "Refund request" was closed and merged into this request. Last comment in request #9338: Dear CGC team this is my second request, I sent an email to you on October 5th with no reply from you regarding my request for a refund or a confirmed ship date for the device. I've attached my email for your reference, please reply ASAP. Please send me a refund. I am requesting this based on the Terms of Service that states the following: *Kickstarter does not offer refunds. A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. (Due to the lenghth of time it has taken it is clear you are unable to fulfill the reward) *Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. Since you are already a year past your original timeline and you still can not give me a delivery date for my finished product. You are in breach of the good faith of this agreement and therefore I request a refund. Just got this from the lima spin-squad. Sounds like we will be getting refunds shortly -- since what they are proposing to deliver is no longer what we backed, the project has failed. Hi Ozymandias, Thank you for your reply. According to Kickstarter terms, we'll refund all pledges if the project fails. The whole team is involved into the project completion and looking forward to deliver the product we promised. Our project isn't cancelled and we'll fulfill all rewards. If we fail, we'll refund you. Really. But for the time being, failure isn't an option. Let me know if there is anything I can do to help from here. Best, Christophe for the Lima Team Update? …better still a Shipping Notice! Hi, Can you PLEASE tell me if you will have your hardware at the meets? Here is the link without the "Dear" attached <url>’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. (Due to the lenghth of time it has taken it is clear you are unable to fulfill the reward) *Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. Since you are already a year past your original timeline and you still can not give me a delivery date for my finished product. You are in breach of the good faith of this agreement and therefore I request a refund. Concerning the meet ups...when are your meetings in United States? I'm looking forward to attending. Are you actually located in United States i.e. Delaware, or is your development team in Europe? @CGC. I've given you my point of view and reasons why I want my non-functioning Lima. There is no reason for you to hold back my device. I accept and waive any issues or problems with my Lima device. I will not hold you responsible for any loss data or miss use. So please send my non functioning Lima. I accept "as is" device. FYI, I want the green Lima. The only color I requested. Don't tell me you ran out of green crayons to add to the delay. Thanks All Backers - As Henrik Says, CGC is not answering real questions. I don't think they will have a working device with them for the backer meeting, but I am sure they will buy beer, so everybody can party. Please dont forget fight for your money back. I also went to BBB for kickstarter. It is a simple task. You should do too. Dont let people fool you. Unless you have lots of money to give away. turns out snake oil maybe good for lots of ailments after all, not sure if Lima will be good for anything yet.... To show support to the Backers, they should give us a complimentary bottle of the snake oil they also sell. I hear that stuff is the miracle oil. Can you confirm there will be no demo at the meet ups? Will you bring the hardware so we can see it? If you read into their response, Sev is going for business meetings and NOT DEMO-ING Lima. He will be there to meet and answer backers questions. Apart from only answering about ten percent of the questions posted here (and generally only the easy ones) you should be applauded for finally answering something... Change in communication effort part of the new trying-to-get-more-funding-strategy by any chance? :-) Just give me a refund and we'll both be better off! @CGC... Soooo if you have a bug or serious security issue in the firmware put on your "already produced" Lima batch that prevents it from updating properly over the Internet you'll make a write-off of the entire batch and try again?! (of course with us patient backers giving you a few more years to do this, as is proper and should be expected by any Kickstarter)... Sounds like a sound business plan - Good luck finding your much-needed venture money! After all everyone just happy you guys didn't become funded with just 89k and could'nt lure Partech into their upcoming write-off... This way you managed to keep the cirkus running for a few years while you could wait for the new iPhone and iPad to get released and keep a few close friends employed at the same time! Good move, CGC! Thanks CGC for the answers. Sometime (this) you are clearer than other times... So you have sealed the plastic which - even if it is your business - I believe was very bad decision for you (personally I don't care to break the case as I will hide in any case the Lima with all its many cables and connected HDs in a closet, next to my router) as if something goes wrong your repairing costs will be higher. But what it is more important is that if I got it right you have modified the electronics of the Wanser-R so that the hardware can only work with your firmware instructions. Well, so, if - and I hope this will not happen and I am ready to help - you are not able to safely manage our different systems (Unix, dos/windows, osX/iOS, etc), then we will have really bought only a paper weight as the hardware will not be useable as a normal NAS? Or maybe you can give us in the meantime the Lima together a firmware to update via internet before Lima has all its functions that emulate/work with the Wanser-R proven functionalities ? So that we will have already a simple storage solution for this year. Sending it in advance (by your non-technical staff and to the one requesting it and knowing that it is not yet the Lima) will also spare you some time when the Lima software will be ready - as some shipment will have been already done. Just my 2 cents Cheers So you won't ship software and the hardware is ready, ship the paperweight hardware and we'll use it in 2020 when the software is ready. -and your story is that Partech invested in Lima, -an already funded product right? They saw that you needed $3.6 million US to use off the shelf hardware and write a bit of code? Right? Hi, is anyone planning on attending the London meeting? I will hopefully be there and would like to collect all the (constructive) issues to raise in person. @CGC will you have a working demo at the meeting? I hope so. It's always better to ship an imperfect product than to never ship. Never shipping is certain company death whole shipping an average or worse product will just make life hard to start with. CGC seems to operate under a software model of the late 90s where a customer only expects an update to their system every 2-3 years so they need to get the software perfect before they ship. Even assuming they had let's say just 6 months before they started this project it is already getting close to 2 years of pure development with a laughable beta size of 3. Shouldn't even be considered a beta. This however is wrong. It is 2014 and people can get updates to their software as fast as they can connect to the internet. They need to assume their software is always going to be imperfect and they need to fix it on the fly rather than make everyone unhappy by delaying. This is why I think CGC will fail even if they some how prove this project not to be a scam and get a 1.0 out the door: outdated processes for a modern world. They've lost my complete faith in the product or team. See my profile for how to file a credit card chargeback: <url>#comment-8010409 I paid through paypal. Let me know how to get refund. Awaiting for your reply in asap. I have zero trust in you as an organisation. Even if you did deliver in 2015, why would I trust you to 'fundamentally change my OS'. I will see you in London, bring your cheque book with you as I want a refund. This is not about the money, its about you taking liberties with 13000 people. Time you finally admit you have been out of your depth stop deceiving yourselves and your honest backers. BTW I thought I was backing a company in Newark, DE. Last I checked that was still in the USA, I didn't know it was somehow magically transported to France? Just another lie from the CGC team. Keep up the great work, and you can be the BIGGEST kickstarter fail, actually I think you already are.... @CGC So what is your excuse regarding shipping Lima with no software. Are you busy leaning how to program in C? Or you are scared that your lies will not gonna last? Btw. You Are Talking About A ROAD tour. Are you gonna come and tell us software has been delayed 3 more months because we were on the road and CTO was far away? @Sebastian see Lorna's recent experience successfully filing a chargeback: <url>#comment-8010409 It list the updates that give dates within the 120 day window. If that does not pan out, the last update gave a new date of next year. Keep trying, read the TIPS section in my profile, particularly about getting someone who understand how KS works. @KC: Great info about the chargebacks. My request didn't work out because of the 120days rule, however using their "updated" deadline might help a lot. Do you know when the last deadline they busted was? I lost track of that in the last couple of months... Thanks! Oh and I want my non working Lima ASAP!!!! Just wrap Lima with some TP and maybe I'll use it when it eventually shows up @Sebastian : they have completely given up long ago trying to keep their lies and miscommunication consistent. Soon they'll claim that Lima is a magical product that works without firmware... And afterwards that it doesn't require any hardware at all, but works simply on happy thoughts and rainbows! @CGC: 2 days ago: "Dave, if you flash the hardware, you won’t be able to use Lima’s software afterwards so we don’t recommend it." Yesterday: "...The casing of our hardware is sealed... So you won't be able to flash another firmware on the device. " Do you really know what you are manufacturing? We backers have the hunch that most of your staff is not working on Lima but on some side project. Can you confirm that the complete staff is only working on Lima development (as it should be, snce you stated most of the backers money went into recruiting)? Yes, looks like a proper scared and confused french kid :-) @KC, thats a very accurate photograph. @Brian -I have photographic evidence of their leader: <url>"Sev looked a bit nervous and scared explaining it" (see my avatar for details) I chose my new look because it encapsulates my latest work perfectly in visual form. I am writing an allegory called "The Charlatans are Constipated" They aren't that bright to just ship now to reduce fees much less know how to code. They can't even get their lies and excuses right. What makes you think they'll even ship us the hardware. Re-watching that video, Sev looked a bit nervous and scared explaining it... Or maybe it's a french thing.. I guess CGC spent all our money developing plastic boxes that cannot be opened. I hope they filed the patent... there are good reasons to ship now, reduce warehouse storage fees there will be as least one shipping rate increase before the Lima software is ready so will make shipping fees less @CGC: "Actually, the casing of our hardware is sealed and, as on a lot of production devices, the JTAG and serial ports are disabled. So you won't be able to flash another firmware on the device. The devices were flashed with the Lima firmware in factory. This firmware will auto-update once the product is ready and the devices are activated." So, is there any reason *not* to ship the hardware right away? If the devices are already manufactured and the firmware is flashed, why are you holding them back? At least, we backers would have proof that the devices were actually manufactured and this isn't just a big, big scam. The only reason holding back is that you a) either didn't manufacture the devices or b) don't want to pay for shipping (so you can spend the money on other nice things or because you are already running low on money). As you have may have noticed, many people won't use this device anyhow. However, we would have prove that you at least tried to develop something... Better start adding a lot of solutions to firewall issues to that FAQ of yours soob, CGC... But then again you got years before anyone outside of your closest family and perhaps a couple of your closest friends receives anything, anyway :-) @CGC : Sure it will... And a well thought approach, that is! So all it takes is a single bug in the update software or a security hole in the firmware and viola... No limas will ever work! All the wait for nothing... No way of flashing other than across the Internet on a largely untested beta-firmware! This is going to end in tears, i reckond.... Tears and a lot of french swearing! I am earnestly looking forward to my 2nd Annual pre-Xmas card, announcing 2-3 more months of delay while bug-hunting in order to deliver to us a more perfect product. Hudson: Is this gonna be a standup fight, sir, or another bughunt? Gorman: All we know is that there's still no contact with the colony, and that a xenomorph may be involved. Frost: Excuse me sir, a-a what? Gorman: A Seve and his boys and girls dancing with $1.229m Hicks: It's an expensive bughunt. In before the CTO avatar was claimed. Maybe we should all change our Avatar like KC @Hasan... They choose not to answer for two reasons.. 1. They can't keep their lies consistent anymore and have therefore ignored any real question or sinply choosing to answer something other than what was asked. 2. They simply don't care for their backers and haven't really since Partech gave them some more money to burn and a new set of objectives that really leaves the backers in the dust. @CGC Why you are not answering us? A lot of people are requesting proof. It is our right to have lima unit even there is no software. Honestly do you have any ? Other than shiny test boxes? @Henrik Nice question. Good job Man. I have not seen any patent claims? @CGC, Do you know what patent means? Can you prove any patent that you filled? Are you busy partying and spending our money on sushi?? Do you think you will receive any additional funding. They just need to google you and see how you scam 12,480 people. It is interesting that other projects already delivered. Check this out guys. It is working and it is 1/3 price of Lima <url>"working" on and for us to get an insight into your methods and Technology without compromising anything. If course if you refuse or make some outrageous claim like patents and applications aren't public available you will really be expose for lying to both your backers, to Kickstarter and most likely also to Partech... Come clean! The shysters will rebrand before they launch whatever it is Partech invested in. It won't be "Lima" from "Cloud Guys", I guarantee that. @Christopher... Of course it would... They care a little for their public image, while they care nothing about their backers - showing how ugly Kickstarter can become when conplete amateurs run the show. By now they have realized that they need to start treating their public opinion as an asset or a liability - in the eyes of Partech, who must be getting Pretty nervious after the massive response to their last excuse - oh, sorry, i meant update of course! Seen in the clear light that their upcoming tour for a product they can't even demo - according to their own words - they must be getting desperate for further funding to keep the gadget shopping going! I guess this is scaring Partech as well. They know that if the clumsy communicators in CGC can't raise more funds fron gullible VCs or by upping the pre-sales to new heights (which both requires a good, solid public image and no scandals in plain sight - and especially during due diligence) they stand to loose their entire investment - and even getting a bad public reputation at the same time! Twittering to #meetlima seems to get responses After the last update I decided to order another personal cloud system. I received it in one day it does what I want and is stable. I am looking forward to receive Lima to see if it is better than the system I have right now. @CGC, by the way, since you won't give a refund. I'm more than happy to get a non working Lima. Seriously. @CGC. My point of view: 1. My experience here with this project is very disappointing. That being said. I guarantee 100% that when you do ever ship the Lima. I will not use it at all. The trust has long gone for this device to be used. 2. The fact that i paid for a product. I still want it. Working or non working. I will be glad to display this somewhere to remind me to be cautious about Kickstarter projects. CGC has contributed a lot why i stop backing anymore projects. 3. And last. I need some closure. I can't wait any longer nor do I want to be part of this project anymore. The ridiculous excuses that you guys come up are insulting. Please, send my Non working Lima. I will not seek customer services from you when I receive it. This is one less backer you have to worry about. So please. Send my green Lima. @CGC whats so difficult to understand if you claim you are done with manufacturing and you have the devices ready waiting in some kind of warehouse. You should ship them this will help you to cut the inventory cost. Well on the other hand, if you have just some samples and show people them as finished units. You are more likely to ignore all request here. If you are not gonna refund, ship it. Well You are not gonna do both because this is a scam. Go back and listen your dope tracks with our hard earned cash What will happen if you ignore this requests you are gonna get sued. I love the claim from CGC that the hardware being outdated doesn't change anything... So you'll somehow get 4 gbit out of USB2 and 10 gpbs throughput on your vastly outdated 100 mbit ethernet by your extreme programming skills... The same skills that fail to implement even simple unicode code! Seems truthful, as always when it comes to CGC :-) It's all hot air blown in our collective faces to forestall us issuing chargebacks. They are using the KS money to develop whatever it is Partech invested in. Every refund shortens their runway. File a chargeback. CGC will never deliver an effective product whose system drivers are safe to let loose in your devices. As someone pointed out, Apple is not even likely to *allow* the functionality they describe. It's vaporware. Pull out while you can. @CGC I've never had a company ask me why I wanted them to deliver the product I ordered from them. I guess CGC is full of firsts. In response to your question, why wouldn't you ship it now? I've explained why it's logical to ship it now. Feel free to explain why it isn't logical. We're all aware that Lima is a paperweight until you deliver the software. We're fine with that. Please start shipping the Limas to those of that have asked for them. Thanks. @jonnny, no they are bound by the laws of the Sate of NewYork according to the Terms of Use that are binding at the time of this Kickstarter "project" ( <url>’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. 10. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill.) It's clear to me that the "Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward' and if they set foot in the USA the can be served... Hmmm I wonder if they will be in New York or Las Vegas anytime soon? These are the Terms of Use that are binding at the time of this Kickstarter "project" ( <url>’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. 10. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill.) It's clear to me that the "Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward' <url>"... Cloud Guys may in ITS DISCRETION offer you a full-refund of the Product if you cancel your order at least 15 days before the shipment date" More weaselly language. Pre-order scam victims will not be given refunds either. Is 'tautology' a French word? "99% of the innovation comes from the software: that’s what’s innovating, and that’s what’s the most interesting about Lima. So your Lima won’t be outdated when we ship...the fact that there is now better hardware doesn’t impact the innovation of Lima, since the innovation comes from the software." @CGC we want the hardware because it's great paperweight until the software arrives in 2020. We need our ROI. I'm sure you know that well from Partech. This user's account has been deleted. Hi... Again... Can you confirm you will you refund after you ship if I send it back within the cool off period of 14 days? @CGC I do not understand: if we can flash the hardware to use it as a normal NAS, why after we cannot flash back with your firmware to use your software? Correction: The *software* is unusable, the hardware has small residual value. Personally, I would like to see Partech/CGC putative list of *satisfied* backers. Adjusted to remove astroturf, it is likely 20 diehard unicornpoop smokers. See how they ignored your requests to ship the hardware? Fact is, they didn't produce enough hardware yet to send it to 12800 backers. That's and Sev needs to take a few more 1st class flights to China This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. I don't believe kickstarter allows you to contract out of consumer law though. Therefore will you offer a refund to backers if they return the goods after you ship? With this many dissatisfied "customers" maybe it is time to start a class action suit... For source see link below.. ...A class action, class suit, or representative action is a lawsuit where a group of people in similar circumstances (a class) sues another party, usually consumers suing a business..... Class actions may offer a number of advantages because they aggregate a large number of individualized claims into one representational lawsuit. First, aggregation can increase the efficiency of the legal process, and lower the costs of litigation.[33] In cases with common questions of law and fact, aggregation of claims into a class action may avoid the necessity of repeating "days of the same witnesses, exhibits and issues from trial to trial." Second, a class action may overcome "the problem that small recoveries do not provide the incentive for any individual to bring a solo action prosecuting his or her rights." "A class action solves this problem by aggregating the relatively paltry potential recoveries into something worth someone’s efforts, In other words, a class action ensures that a defendant who engages in widespread harm – but does so minimally against each individual plaintiff – must compensate those individuals for their injuries. For example, thousands of shareholders of a public company may have losses too small to justify separate lawsuits, but a class action can be brought efficiently on behalf of all shareholders. Perhaps even more important than compensation is that class treatment of claims may be the only way to impose the costs of wrongdoing on the wrongdoer, thus deterring future wrongdoing. Third, class action cases may be brought to purposely change behavior of a class of which the defendant is a member. Fourth, in "limited fund" cases, a class action ensures that all plaintiffs receive relief and that early-filing plaintiffs do not raid the fund (i.e., the defendant) of all its assets before other plaintiffs may be compensated. A class action in such a situation centralizes all claims into one venue where a court can equitably divide the assets amongst all the plaintiffs if they win the case. <url>ía Conde 11 Casey Allen 12 Cheng-Hsing YANG 13 Christian Behnke 14 Christian Bureau 15 Christopher Lewis 16 Clive Roads 17 David Strogen 18 dim3m 19 Don Gateley 20 Dylan Tan 21 Fantastic Mista Fox 22 Fateh Hyder 23 fmotta 24 Garrett Gee 25 Gio 26 Hasan 27 Henrik Secher Jarlskov 28 Ian R 29 Ikalios 30 James Andrews 31 Jeremy 32 JimM 33 Joey Smith 34 Johnny 35 Joseph Balderson 36 Josh Bartz 37 Julien Grimal 38 KC 39 Levvy 40 lokiracer 41 Ls Song 42 Mark Fadden 43 Michael Riedel 44 mikanotu 45 Mike Morrison 46 Nate Brunner 47 Nestor Miyares 48 NickStarter 49 Olivier Mauray 50 ozymandias 51 Patrik Bernhardsson 52 Paul Lunneberg 53 PG 54 PierJ 55 Pnɐuɹɐ Lechevalier 56 Reianz 57 Robert Cheung 58 Robert Morgan 59 Robert Ray 60 Robert S DeKett 61 Rodolfo Schmauk Ortúzar 62 Russell Lau 63 Sebastien Bernard 64 Shinbad Depondesque 65 sribeubeu 66 Steve Delepine 67 terry (Eye Toldyoosso) 68 Thomas Covington 69 Tucker Brennan 70 Wong Khai Loon accordingly to this article: <url>"customers" (interesting that Partech consider us customers, so we have the same right as EU consumer rights? meaning that for every product bougth on the net there could be max 1 month delay for delivery, otherwise the company will have a fine + need to refund? well anyhow we are not really customers as your know... what are we?) "Cela concerne une grosse vingtaine de personnes sur 12 800 clients", tempère Romain Lavault, de Partech Now, just for the sake of clarity and hopefully for future refunds and transparency, here the list of Not satified "customers" collected in just 2 days, from the last update (ALL of course as no one got its paid product yet, but some took the time to express here their disappointement): 1 Anders Aasgaard 2 Andry David Lumban Batu 3 austin hutton 4 Awakened Sleeper 5 Ben Colon 6 Brady Harrison 7 Brian 8 Brian Olsen 9 Burton Strauss III 10 Carlos García Conde 11 Casey Allen 12 Cheng-Hsing YANG 13 Christian Behnke 14 Christian Bureau 15 Christopher Lewis 16 Clive Roads 17 David Strogen 18 dim3m 19 Don Gateley 20 Dylan Tan 21 Fantastic Mista Fox 22 Fateh Hyder 23 fmotta 24 Garrett Gee 25 Gio 26 Hasan 27 Henrik Secher Jarlskov 28 Ian R 29 Ikalios 30 Ikalios 31 James Andrews 32 James Andrews 33 Jeremy 34 JimM 35 Joey Smith 36 Johnny 37 Joseph Balderson 38 Josh Bartz 39 Julien Grimal 40 KC 41 Levvy 42 lokiracer 43 Ls Song 44 Mark Fadden 45 Michael Riedel 46 mikanotu 47 Mike Morrison 48 Nate Brunner 49 Nestor Miyares 50 NickStarter 51 NickStarter 52 Olivier Mauray 53 Olivier Mauray 54 ozymandias 55 Patrik Bernhardsson 56 Paul Lunneberg 57 PG 58 PierJ 59 Pnɐuɹɐ Lechevalier 60 Reianz 61 Robert Cheung 62 Robert Morgan 63 Robert Ray 64 Robert S DeKett 65 Rodolfo Schmauk Ortúzar 66 Russell Lau 67 Sebastien Bernard 68 Shinbad Depondesque 69 sribeubeu 70 Steve Delepine 71 terry (Eye Toldyoosso) 72 Thomas Covington 73 Tucker Brennan 74 Wong Khai Loon Guys here a already existing company with a real ready product (strangely enough people tend to give moremoney to not yet created companies...): <url>"ignored request" Correction: "won't" Correction: If you "can't" give refunds. Give me my non-functioning Lima. @CGC, I request for a non-functioning Lima. With all the accessories and packaging. I'm serious. Once you send this, i will no longer seek anything else from you. I really don't want anything to do with this project. So if you can give refunds. Give me my non-functioning Lima. Thanks Just ship us the product. Add an option to upgrade firmware as you finish working out the "issues". @lokiracer + 1 - cant wait to hear your report "The rest of the money was used on recruitment, and the rest is reserved for shipping." Shipping? Really? But you are charging us an extra $10 for shipping. Is there anymore bullshit coming outta your mouth? @dim3m i would bring the ....IRA ....but they went to sleep for a while....but i think they will come wake up some day Those going to the meet up. If you can, try have it on video. Thanks Another project fiasco and no recourse or help from Kicksarter, KS was quick to take the money but offer no help when things go south. This team made 1.3 million and can't debug a program? What are these expensive meetings going to solve? Imagine that, I'm actually going to be at Websummit as well. <url>"From the "Brain" of your devices to the "Zombie" with access to all your filesystems from a hacker account in just one product.... Brought to you by Partech! " I can already see the story on the Internet - spreading like fire - much like the backers' files :-) Even more funny situation when a critical security hole is found in the initial firmware and a working exploits starts sitting and Listening across the Internet for "Virgin Limas" connecting and sending them crocked and permanently under control firmware for them :-) Oh the Joy of lack of real independent code reviews before flashing initial firmware! @ CGCIf you wanted a stable product, why have you been dragging your feet in getting the code written up only to find out NOW that you have flaws. This should have been priority Number one, instead of mass producing the product without proper firmware there should have been a prototype in which to run code through and test. Now you have 13k units with no real firmware so that the backers/consumers can use at all. This seems to me like poor business judgement and should be looked into by your investors. On a second note regarding programming and beta tests. You are waiting til December to give 100 more Limas' to backers? Why are you not shipping them now and having beta tests done NOW. This again seems to me like a "sweep under the rug" sort of post. You need to be more transparent with your product. We, the backers, are really upset (putting it mildly) that this product is not only delayed (for the x'nth time) but are really losing faith pretty quickly that you know what you are doing at all. As another backer put it so bluntly: "sounds like a bunch of highschool students working on a project and though they could make money while they do it." This right here is the reason why you should reconsider the NDA's and make the backers part of the solution rather than adding another problem to the equation. On a more hilarious note from another backer: "why was the room empty during the filming, there should have been 50 programmers just pounding away at keyboards" (more or less said). This again, needs to be addressed. You have 20 people or so in the pictures and from what I can tell you have maybe 5 programmers, what the devil is the other 15 doing, "crowd control"? Funny situation when thst first critical upgrade of firmware fails because of a bug and all limas has to be returned to CGC for manual upgrade... Oh the Joy of experiencing Development speed mismatch between software and hardware :-) its 795 euro about $900 to go to this meeting and meet the Lima team...WTF <url>" Christophe (Lima) Oct 02 16:15 Hi Terry, Marketing team will be in Dublin from November 3rd to 6th for the Web Summit: <url>’s an adventure, we’ve been learning a lot along the way and will continue to do so. We need your support more than ever. We are entirely confident that we will keep our promise, and ship you a product that has never been on the market before. There’s no doubt in that. We'll be able to explain that to anyone who comes to us to discuss about our product development, actual delays and project management for the next months. I remain available if needed. Best, Christophe for the Lima Team " and there is a like or dislike button for this email...what will i press ...mmmmm @lokiracer fairly easy to set up another merchant account. It's a non-factor IMO I no longer require this device as other solutions have become both viable and available. With no real deadline being communicated I would like to remove myself from this campaign and request a refund. I had high hopes but other solutions moved a lot quicker for my needs. I hope Stripe starts to notice a large amount of chargebacks being filed agains CGC/Lima/Plug for not delivering the products we ordered and shut down CGC's merchant account. Come join me at #meetlima #partechventures Hey everyone. Did anyone see this on the Kickstarter Terms of Use? Since these idiots refuse to refund anyone, and it's quite clear that we're all incredibly pissed off that they completely deceived us, how about we all get together and instead of commenting on their updates angrily, do something about it? Something like this: "The creator is solely responsible for fulfilling the promises made in their project. If they’re unable to satisfy the terms of this agreement, they may be subject to legal action by backers." I don't know about the rest of you, but this seems reasonable. I don't suppose anyone here that got duped is a lawyer by chance? Hi, Watching your video has pretty much guaranteed that I will never use this product even if my some miracle it ships. What were you doing in the 2 years before the kickstarter that stopped you from spotting the key technical challenges involved in this product? And I am going to let you integrate your thing with my filesystem? Hell no! I find it hard to believe your security claims. Since you have such a tenuous grip on your core use case, any claim to understand the security implications must be treated with a pinch of salt. Frankly it scares me to death plugging your thing into my home network and letting it out onto the network The issue with China I can forgive, naieve perhaps but many a Kickstarter has got this wrong and come out the other side. What I can't forgive is your seeming lack of technical savvy around your core use case. Here is what I suggest you do, offer a partial refund to all backers, then release the code for Lima including a port of the firmware that can run on something like a Raspberry Pi. Then if there is a core of a great idea here, the community can pick it up and make good. Lima may then go on to be the revolution in storage you say it is. I dont think you can hope to redeem this otherwise. Its clear from your video you are in big trouble here... There is no way you can ship anything meaningful here now. Just on the Mac side you have missed 3 major OS releases now, how can you hope to keep up? Thanks, James Je crois que mon boitier Lima va me faire un chouette porte-clés en édition limitée.... My Lima will be a nice limited edition key holder... There is no way they can start betatesting in December and also ship in December. Unless the next betatest is done with a few friends just for the sake of being able to say you had a betatest. @CGC: when exactly, according to your current timeline, are you starting the betatest process, with how many testers and where are those testers located? On the frontpage you say you need funds to produce the hardware and need feeback from backers. Please ask us what kind of feedback you need. (I don't believe you started this ks to ask us what os we are using and what colors we like) And again my questions: - is all software ready and is it about bughunting and fixing and finetuning or are there still parts that need to be written? - how are you going to put the software on the Lima? Are you going to unbox everyone, load 13000 one by one with the software and repackage? From the picture it looks like they are already in nice boxes without the software, - please show us a working lima from plugging everything in, install it on a desktop and mobile en sync files. - can you tell us where you used the KS money for? @terry: Terrible news... that means that they won't realise this before at the earliest in november 2015 and inform backers and Partech before that! Good thing one didn't invest 2,5 million dollars and your public reputation on those guys :) On twitter Lima ‏@MeetLima 19h19 hours ago @shinjo_mei to be honest if we haven't shipped by Dec 2015, it will probably mean that we're dead :) @henrik + 1 @henrik + 1 Reading the article shared here I wonder about a few things. First of I wonder why Partech is handling their investment this badly? Everyone who has been involved in a due dilligence knows that one of the primary aspects you look at is the companys ability to communicate and handle themselves on Social Media. There has been no attempt to curb the bad comments, no attempt to answer or even defend the decisions and now Partech are starting to feel the cost, which is that they are suddenly drawn into this. Not only that, but they even continue the lousy line of communication started by Severin by calling out that it is only about 20 backers and that means nothing in the social media space. I'm beginning to doubt Partech is a serious VC. Have they no idea that the damaging comments will be out there forever, will be part of every Google search on CGC and now them, will become louder and louder on both Twitter, Facebook and news-sites... and that it is all down hill from now on! Even more interesting is the question: What if this Kickstarter had only succeeded on getting something like 89k, which is far more than asked and Severin and the boys then failed to dupe VCs, such as Partech into funding their vacations and hardware? They have already said that they couldn't deliver anything within the money they asked for - which of course is in direct violations of Kickstarter terms... In the article Severin then once again shows that he is having serious issues keeping track of his lies and "stories" by mentioning that most of these backer comments are coming from technical interested people, but then afterwards says that a demo makes no sense since it would only show console output... Well, isn't that exactly what technical people like to see? We don't want fancy photoshop mockups or your attempt to show copied Spotify user interfaces with no logic behind, but would very much like to see the product in action from installment to fully sync between all platforms - including performance on Virtual Machines, SSDs, Prefetch-enabled devices, proxy-protected computers... and would love to see it on the console level - but of course Severin will never commit to that because he knows that technical people will immediate spot faul play in the software and make it obvious to Partech and the much needed new money men that this is never going to reach a port. That is most likely also why Severin has gone so vague all of the sudden in his description of the "issues" bugging them. He learned that when he told us about the unicode-issue thereby exposing the entire company as imcompetent developers, as this is something that should have been solved in design - not found in "friend-test". So now he is clamming down hard to ensure that as little truth as possible reaches the social media as he needs to ensure more funding for the companys new load of hardware this christmas, the annual christmas party and more money to burn while training monkeys to code! A little question for CGC (even though I know you disregard my comments and never answer even the most simple technical question): Will you get a real code review of your software solution product when it is suppose to handle the most vital personal data and expose it to the Internet? And of course I mean an independent code review - not done by Severin's mother after being forced to sign several NDAs. This will ensure that Partech can see what they are getting for their money and the few remaining backers can be sure that your lack of coding skills won't endanger our data and devices. I had pledge for 149 dollars "backup plan". After the delay news I am not interested anymore, too long waiting time - I may buy the product full price once it will be really out and proof of stability. Please refund me as you said you can do in this tweet : <url>#comment-8010409 I backed a $149 "BACKUP PACK". Please refund my money. The time for delivery is long past and there is no credible plan to deliver. Given what they'd be met with, there is no possibility of them visiting the US to demo anything to other than invited guests. It's easy enough to invite zero guests. FWIW, this thing would have obviously required system level drivers for Windows and OS X (as they now realize) so any mention of a working Python version is smoke and lies. How can we get him to jail where he belongs? Lame-a Is there a version with subtitles? I could not understand a word. I have to hand it to them though. It is very very brave to "go on tour" (now we know where the real money is going). I hope they are not met with angry mobs demanding their money back. If they are so concerned about bugs why was that room empty. It should have been filled with 50 programmers cranking away. So realistically if all things go well (which is has not so far and nothing he said makes me otherwise) we will not get these in our hands until Jan maybe Feb of 2015. Wow. Really? I cannot believe Kickstarter still does not do anything for CGC. They are the shame of crowdfunding with their non existing produc, and their name is on top with golden letters as their pathetic , ignorant, lack of intelligence filled responses. Dont be surprised when they rename Lima to ForgetBox and tell us forget about it. They are good at this. History repeats itself I like how CGC/Lima/Plug is telling people on twitter and elsewhere that people purchasing pre-order Lima's can get a refund. Then the first point on their terms and conditions page (<url>"99,8% de clients sont séduits, patients, et ne se plaignent pas alors qu'ils ont à leur disposition un canal direct d'expression avec l'entreprise et le public, défend Romain Lavault. Ils ne doivent donc pas être plus inquiets que nous !" @Johnny where is Roman saying that? @PierJ thanks for the link. LIMA and Partech have a an incredible level of denial. @Johnny +1 @Henrik FTW I encourage the "20" backers to flood this article with comments: <url>"twenty" complaining about Lima.. I've counted more than that, growing numbers each day. Hey Roman!! I KNOW YOU READ THIS. Tell your puppets to refund us so we can stop speaking out about this Scam. Bottom line, you have no interest in supporting the backers, this is ROI for Partech. @pierJ more need more bloggers to expose these fraudsters. Thanks for the funny read. @Henrik you're famous! Sérieusement les mecs vous voulez que l'on fasse quoi de votre boitier ?? Je suis désolé mais il est juste impensable que j'utilise votre boitier, que je le laisse prendre la main sur mon système qui est parfaitement équilibré avec son nas synology (et arrêtez de me dire que ce n'est pas du NAS Lima c'est surtout du VENT !!! ) . Je suis en Gigabyte et USB 3 et vous imaginez que dans 6mois je vais utiliser un LAN 100mb et USB2 -))))) . Ok en attendant la presse parle de vos prouesses ! <url>à faire que d'ouvrir des trucs inutiles, cela va juste me rappeler que je me suis fait avoir de 150€ donc je le redis NE ME L ENVOYEZ PAS ! Bonne continuation. @CGC, Make sure you include all those accessories. I can use that ethernet cable and power adapter elsewhere. And that gorgeous packaging would make a great coasters on my coffee table. A great conversational piece. So please send my green Lima. All I'm asking for is a non working Lima. Thats all i want. Im serious. join me at #meetlima @dim3m ive asked them to do that in past conversations. They ignored me. @CGC, please send my Lima without any software or firmware or what ever it is you guys can't figure out to put in it. I'll be happy with that paper weight. Im serious. Just send it as is. I won't be using it anyways when it does ship out in the future. So it does not matter if its not fully functional. Seriously, send my Lima now please. @terry LOL <url>#productDetails Can you just leave a brief summary about what you said in the video (especially the delivery date)? Who has time to watch it? Instead of making more videos, how about delivering a product long overdue? thank you for the update This is not a crowdfunding project. This is a grab and run scam gone wrong, when they realized the attention they had attracted. This is clearly stated in their response where they admit they could never deliver anything with the original 69k and that they already then knew additional funding would be needed to deliver anything. Something they somehow completely forgot to mention anywhere in their Kickstarter campaign - makes this a proper illegal campaign and should have been stopped by Kickstarter... But of course getting a nice cut of that million dollars meant more to them than their platform and its supporters (the backers). @CGC: Your "excuses" really makes absolutely no sense! You say that it takes longer to develop if you have to deliver more LIMAs... First of all that makes absolutely no sense from a non-server piece of software side of things. Then you bring up support?! Well, support is something you provide AFTER you actually deliver something. A concept that should be absolutely unknown to you guys! Secondly you allow people to pre-order LIMA on your website?! Well, should we then expect the product never to be delivered as you have to deliver more LIMAs and as you have tried to explain to us it takes longer to develop the more you have to deliver?!! It isn't easy keeping up with your own lies and bad excuses anymore, is it? Perhaps you should spend less time partying and spend more time speaking the truth and learning how to develop... May I recommend <url>"success of Lima" I found a dope interview regarding lima. It is ironic SUB: What have the most significant challenges been so far to building the company? Lima Person: Frankly speaking, eating noodles during two years because we were not making money the first years. More seriously, challenges are part of the story, and every day we work hard to deliver the best experience possible to the ones who supported us in the first place—yet it also means very little time for yourself and your family. Wow I am sure you don't eat any more noodle because you have our hard earn money. Keep working hard Also, Before launching Lima, I studied business for one year to learn how to build a company. I just wanted to say something. You could go to Harvard business school, but If you don't respect your backers, customers. You are not going anywhere close to be successful and your name will be up there as a biggest Kick Starter fail. Not only you hurt yourself. You also hurt people who believed the crowdsourcing. There are honest people the out really wanted to be part if this goal, but you had your chances and You wasted each of them successfully. Your lame excuses are pathetic especially regarding 1000 vs 13000. You are saying you want to change the storage world etc and you are giving example 1000 vs 13000. How about if 50,000 people as a user base. Are you gonna tell them "Maintaining our software with 50,000 people would have been more time-consuming than what was anticipated with 13,000 people" I will not give up until I get my money back and people you should do the same unless you like to give away your money for nothing. @Lima @CGC Here is another Dope track for you make a remix out of it @KC - thank you for the steps to follow to attempt to get our money back. Since we once again have delays with no delivery date in the foreseeable future, I have started the process. I can understand that when you plan to ship an inferior product to 1000 people you can handle the support. If you send out an inferior product to 13000 you will need a call-center to handle all support (or hide under a rock). CGC made the decision to upgrade to an improved version on their own with KS money. Not a smart move. @Ikalios -If it's any consolation, I am sure that those who are duped into pre-ordering will also not get their money back. software : 1000 vs 13000 doesn't make sense. It works or not, it doesn't care about the number of users. That's a lame excuse which meant you thought you could deliver a crappy product to 1000 persons but to 13000 you'd get your ass kicked. Sorry but delays like this are bad and you pass through them in an even worst way. Pre-order can get refund, then give us a refund. Every OS will be cloud before these guys finally manage to get a buggy, file-corrupting, unicode-incompatible, insecure version up and running, anyway! This game is already completely lost on the antiquated hardware alone. Then considering the software wont be Ready (or even demoed outside the close-friends circle) before this is done by all the great OS'es anyway this is a completely lost cause. Must be why they are out looking for more money to burn... Might as well burn while you crash! I feel that over a million dollars should help toward tackling whatever problems you have within the coming weeks. Looking forward to a firm timeline and a better, written, update within the next week. I'm sure you noticed the first backers getting their money back through credit card companies. What does this tell you? @janotterstetter -Progress report: Progress on Lima is currently a 3 - 6 months behind where it was this time last year. Hi CGC Tean, regarding your Update #29 can you please provide the milestones and the time table in a written form not only as part of a video. I have not enough time to check video messages and prefer written status reports on project progress. Thanks, best Jan and you also expect us to pay an additional $10 in shipping? If this piece of crap does ship you should ship it out and eat the costs. Modern day thieves. Just when you think it cannot get better. Even argueing with CGC is pointless. A drunk karaoke singer thinks they sound great. Nobody listening does and you can't convince the drunk they don't sound great. But none of it changes reality. Face it CGC, by the time you get product out to backers, let alone market, it will be outdated. And even with product in hand am I going to trust my expensive electronics to your cheap butterfinger application? No. All this is supposed to be to deliver the best product but you have already failed at delivering the best product, you can never get that back. It's even pointless now to deliver a "not best product." You are even beyond damage control. If you were to magically deliver a product in our colective mail boxes today that could do all that you have described you'd still be a joke for being a year full of lame excuses late. I still wouldn't install the thing because if you code like you manage I'm sure my equipment would become a perminent frustration sorting through your hickups until it was replaced. You are off the map gentlemen. In years to come the great "Lima" experience will become a halmark example used in every "how to" business seminar about what not to do and how not to manage customers. @CGC Bull. Complete bull. This product has no scalabilty issues. There are no servers that have to scale, no hardware that has to scale and I can't believe any software that needs to scale. If I'm wrong, by all means, please educate us. It's like a hard drive manufacture saying they can't scale the release of hard drives, not because of manufacturing issues, but because the firmware on the drives was only meant for 1,000 drives. It's a lame, untruthful, excuse. "they enable us to calibrate the size & schedule of our next batches of hardware production." You can't handle delivering 1,000 units, let alone 13,000 units, and you want to tell us that taking on more orders will "help" you. Give me a break. @CGC You keep saying "maintaining our software with 13 000 people would have been more time-consuming than what was anticipated with 1000 people" but you still haven't answered the question "why?" Are you writing individualized patches for each and every user? Was there some sort of live end-user support contract you failed to mention? No. The answer is that you saw all that money, and decided that you were no longer geeks and that you were now entrepreneurs. You thought you would use our money to transform yourself into a business, and in this you were successful (kudos to you on getting that Partech money.) However, you have stumbled in your transformation because you have no clue how to run CGC like a development business. You took for granted and expected your KS backers to ignore this and keep supporting you. When questions were asked, instead of being honest with us, you keep delaying and moving the goalposts in the hope that some miracle will save you before it all falls down. Your deceits have now ensnared you fully, and people see what you are doing. Sorry if you don't like where you ended up. We tried to help, you disrespected us in return. If you knew you could support 1000 people without upgrade why didn't you ap number of rewards to 1000 units? @Mark -<url>"Well, it doesn't work yet, but CHECK OUT THE AWESOME PACKAGING!" ~sigh~ @Christian -See my profile for how to file a credit card chargeback: <url>#comment-8010409 refund/chargeback PLEASE!!!!! @David -It only shares your user hive files (not OS or applications), but: 1) It has no selective-sync capability; everything in your user hive is shared to all your devices 2) Any call to the OS file system is interpreted and filtered by Lima *first*, -only if it does not use the user hive will it be allowed to proceed as normal. Regardless, I would never let this company insert their late and shoddy code into the gap between OS and file system. It's just asking for trouble, and they have proven themselves spectacularly inept at solving issues. To be more specfic. The only files I would want to share between devices are certain documents, music, movies, etc.... There is no reason to share OS files, applications, installers, etc... You have basically ensured I will never be able to use this product at work, like I can with Dropbox because I can't sure my work files due to security reasons. That means I can't listen to my music at work with this product, for example. My vision of a shared filesystem was for things I'd actually want to share. So like Dropbox, I think you guys need to consider targeted directories to share. That way when people talk about a personal cloud what they want should be chooseable. Also, if OS's get upgraded in the future and Lima doesn't support it. There should be a way to retrieve your files. Maybe you could make Lima have a web interface so you could copy off files via a web browser. I just watched your video. How do you expect to keep Lima software continuously updated for OS's as those OS's keep updating. Filesystems change, features that access filesystems keep changing. Are you sure taking over the entire Filesystem is the best approach for making Lima do what it does? Is there not a way to do it in a more limited fashion? Hi KC, I appreciate that. Sorry, Lorna's here: <url>#comment-8010409 @mikanotu --See my profile for how to file a credit card chargeback: <url>… Is there a way to get a refund. I fear not. And why are there so many folks with headphones on. Are they doing their best to not listen to the dude so they would keep from laughing? Too bad that these guys are making it bad for the other legitimate kickstarter projects... Not cool CGC team 4 points plan of lima (this will come a classical) - Start up - Cash In - Sell Out - Bro down They just started with bro down a little to soon. @Mark "They want us to let them rewrite our OS after all this. When it arrives I will never install it" /\/\ This. Anybody who installs a product from *this* company which (in the words of their Charlatan in Chief) will "upgrade your system to change the way OS uses files" almost deserves whatever happens to them. That's it, i lost my patience, respect and faith in the product and company. I have started the necessary steps for a refund/chargeback. Thanks for the steps KC. Pointless... They want us to let them rewrite our OS after all this. When it arrives I will never install it. Might as well pull the funding but you know at this point they will never refund. Dublin should be fun :_) DELIVERY IN SPRING 2015 on the pre-order page of there website Their Twitter is pretty juicy right now too. @Austin +1 This user's account has been deleted. Here's how you know Severin and CGC are full of shit. Despite his self-serving "humble victim of circumstance" video, CGC is STILL TRYING TO SELL LIMAS TO NEW VICTIMS Honest people would stop selling until they worked out all these amazingly difficult and unforeseen bugs People, you seriously need to pull your money back out of this scam before they have spent it all. See my profile for how to file a credit card chargeback: <url>#comment-8010409 This feels similar to the myIDkey project now. Refund please. Hi, I also would like my money back as I have lost confidence in this projects ability to ship. You can't be keeping pace with the device and OS changes that have happened since this was funded, so the longer you take to get a product out the worse it will get. But I guess there is no way a refund will happen as per all kickstarter projects like this. However if by some miracle you do ship something, I shall be returning it before my consumer protection 14 day cool off expires for a full refund. I will check with my card provider to see if the charge can be reversed also Thanks, James Oh I almost missed the CES tidbit. (Vegas in early January) So without a product, your going to try to lure in more investors? All the while spending backer money along with the time wasted by staff getting ready for CES rather than working on delivering a product. -- Great. Yes, Product will be a bit outdated, but the worst, I'm afraid that product will not be available at all or will be buggy enough to forget about it. I was bought by idea to have personal cloud (since that I already created my version based on open source software) and thought that product is almost ready. But as most of Kickstarter projects this one is next bubble. Common problem helped to involve almost 13 thousand backers. Creators may still believe in success, but it will die as soon as money gone. According to photos team is huge and creators should feed this team. As per current status Product will not be available by the end of this year. Not sure if team going to survive longer... As I can see from other Kickstarter projects, as soon as project funded creators does not hesitate to move deliveries indefinitely even when stated i description that product is on the latest stage. And do not bother to reply on this king of messages. @Olivier Mauray: I have same question on what they would do with 69 grands. Kickstarter project creators started behave unfair. Collect as much money as you can and then you do not have any obligations. I think it's time to initiate few legal group actions against heavily delayed Kickstarter projects. Maybe it will help others do proper planning. Oliver, they were going to ship using a python build, but instead decided to re-write completely in C (as in if it ever ships we will not be shipped what we backed) I just got the update in my in box, and I had to jump straight to the comments. :) always a refreshing confirmation of everyone's worse expectations. More blah, blah, blah, and less "here is your tracking number" Seriously? January to answer questions? There are heaps of questions over here.. Hello?? I got lima-ed yet again... :'( I'm really starting to lose patience! With all that money received, I demand to have it NOW! How did they ever plan to build and deliver with the initial $69,000 goal??? Yeah ! I received refund from my credit card (thank you Mastercard) although this is pending reaction from Amazon who have time to dispute it. I am curious .... For now this means that I will be leaving this backers group. But before I go, for those wishing to try this path for a refund. As first posted by KC I believe, I repeat for any newcomers, to save trawling back through comments: I called credit card and explained that I had requested a refund and this had been refused, that promised delivery was long, long overdue with a number of changes to delivery dates, and now no delivery date being provided at all, due to 'technical issues'. I sent the following on request for more information from Mastercard. 1. Printout of Amazon stating that refund time period had elapsed so refund from them not possible. 2 Copies of two direct email contacts (and replies) from CGC where I requested refund due to change in promised product and delivery, refund refused (as all requests are). Request for new delivery date also not answered. (this is very important, you need to directly contact CGC and request refund and suggest also requesting new and confirmed delivery date). 3 Copies of updates where delivery dates have been presented (dated between December and the date of first direct email enquiry) to illustrate that CGC had indicated and changed delivery dates - which helps to explain why there was such a delay in directly requesting a refund. 2013.12.11 UPDATE 13 2014.03.11 UPDATE 17 2014.03.11 UPDATE 17 BLOG detail 2014.05.14 UPDATE 21 2014.06.19 UPDATE 23 BLOG detail 4 Copy of recent update where delivery date is unclear. 2014.08.28 UPDATE 29 "there’s still a long road ahead" I hope this helps ! i want a refund, please tell me how Well time to fill meetlima twitter and facebook pages with update requests / delivery dates, they have logged in today so could have as least dropped by and said hi ;-) As PierJ states, when Lima comes out it will be seriously outdated!!! It would be a nice gesture for the long wait if they changed the specs. It would be a nice compensation. Ask them in Twitter for refund. Everyone should just Twitter bomb them on social media about this BS. Can I have my refund already...? @Gio - Wow...these guys are scumbags. "If you preorder 1 now, you should receive it by the end of Winter! Note that you can always get a refund if the wait is too long" <url>"product" never comes now. At least then all the parties involved in Lima would have to explain away their complete incompetence. As it is i'm sure they will ship it sometime in mid 2015 and make out it was a complete success. Lima: the brain may be in your device but it certainly isn't in the monkeys running the show. For European users like me: there's a consumer protection law: European consumers are protected against unfair commercial practices, whether they are misleading or aggressive commercial practices. The EU affords the same level of protection to all consumers irrespective of the place of purchase or sale in the EU. Misleading practices A practice is misleading if it contains false or untrue information or is likely to deceive the consumer, even though the information given may be correct. In particular, this information relates to: the existence or nature of the product; the main characteristics of the product (such as such as its availability, benefits, composition, date of manufacture, geographical origin, the results to be expected from its use, etc.); the price, the trader’s commitments and the nature of the sales process; the need for a service or repair; the trader (their identity, qualifications, code of conduct, etc.); the consumers’ rights on aspects of the sale of consumer goods. STILL, i really like to have the product. This product looked awesome when I backed it well over a year ago. Now, september 2014, the technology and practical use of Lima has nearly become obsolete... I honestly can't think of a use for Lima in my home network setup as of now. I already know I'm probably not going to pay customs when they do decide to ship, so that's essentially $70 wasted. You think us backers have it bad, think about the clowns at Partech that invested a couple million into this vaporware. I can't believe it takes CGC/Lima/Plug a full month to post an update. I think they've resorted to sending their updates to Kickstarter via carrier pigeon. Has many uses. Key feature: used to wipe ur behind. @Awakened. This thing is the most advance bullsh.t What does this thing do again? @CGC: please surprise me. I need that to regain faith. What I predict: - new deadline: delivery in winter / before feb 28th 2015 - still problems with deadlocks and xattr - we are working hard to fix the problem - we are really sorry - should provide more updates but focus on finishing and delivering the product - a short vid showing us the packaging - 2 photos's showing us a plugged in Lima @Ikalios : No, several thousands of dollars spent on iPhones, Gadgets, Vacations, Partying and stuff like that... but on the product you are quite right... well, almost... Because at the launch of the Kickstarter more than a year ago they claimed to have a working demo. Later they scrapped all that code and now we don't even have a working demo! Basically we've moved backwards - even though more than a year has passed... @CGC: You don't need to post an update - I've just done it for you... Can we get Phasmid unbanned? So, same spot we were 6 months ago...check It is rather unsettling and has been for quite sometime with these updates. Man I just wish there was some substance. There are so many uses but it's getting difficult to root for these guys. CGC = Con Group Corp Should have known. @Merjin I bet they will say early next week this week again. They are located in Paris, so It is already Tuesday there. Good job @CGC Please keep up the great work! <url>"So the update will come at the very beginning of next week, and I'm sincerely sorry for this delay. - Penelope" . The very beginning of this week is almost over.. It's been so long now I'd almost forgotten that I ordered it, the almost zero updates is irresponsible & shows a total lack of respect to the suckers that backed it. Surely being over 12 months late as now it will certainly be entitles us backers a refund. I really don't expect you to answer as your human interaction interface is obviously not up to USB 1 yet. Just remember you put your names & photos in the public domain, a bad reputation does not go away easily if at all. Another year of KickDrama by CGC $1,229,074 funded over a year ago. My bet: One way trip to Thailand. It's projects like this that keep me from backing other projects. Apathy. Stockholm syndrome. Procrastination. How have these guys not been sued yet? @John & Meij, most likely one of their troll friends boosting their vaporware for promotional purposes. For your entertainment: <url>"Severin working on all day" a few days ago I cannot say that I'm surprised you can't code! Coding normally requires a bit more than writing a simple update... Doesn't really bode well, does it?! Well, perhaps you should change your name to CDC - Constantly Delayed Company! TEAM LEt get a Update for us. Everyone is struggling with the news's what we don't get There are backer's they wan't their mony back and I can say this project is now for me the longest KS project. I have run. Again I give the same advice : Take 10 to 20 minutes to make a update for us as backer's and put it in your scheduler for do it every week. You can also do int on the end off the week a google party :) Regards Johan @Kirpa -What Henrik said. Lima and this KS were a settled thing prior to Partech investing in CGC. Whatever that 2.4m is for, it is not about delivering this product to you. More likely, Partech saw some aspect of CGC they wanted to invest in developing. I would be *very* surprised if that was Lima. Also, the pace of development of Lima is so slow and lame that it is hard to imagine it has $3.6m of funding behind it. Lima feels like a sideshow, so the most likely scenario (IMO) is that CGC is actively developing something non-Lima for Partech's investment, and Lima is languishing as a side project being worked on by junior devs. More effort goes into lying to the backers than delivering to them. @Kirpa : no one said the VC invested in the Lima product itself or that they are working within the same deadlines. Perhaps what they want is only the software and wouldn't mind CGC spend 5 years developing it. The VC care little or nothing about us backers and the promises made to us. They care only for the ROI on the part they focused on. This is the first time I want a refund at Kickstarter... I'm very angry with Lima Please, is this possible? @Severin & Co, look here everybody is happy: <url>"Service Disputes cannot be filled after 105 days from the transaction date, [my] transaction date is: 8.9.2013 [8-Spet-2013]" Therefore, Plug/Lima delays have gained them all funds from early adopters ($1.2 million) as well as venture capital funding recently stated as $2.5 million ~ quite a haul for someone who thought they could make a useful product for $69k. You could generally expect greater funds to help increase resources and achieve the goal in a shorter time. Why has that not happened here? Kickstarter Success Story Lima Announces $2.5M Series A Financing From Partech Ventures <url>" Trust me that we had been working on the update all day long with Severin though." This is wrong you should have said "Trust me that we had been working on the update all month long with Severin though" From beginning of September we are looking for an update since you don't respect any backers here. You are already behind a year. How long it takes to write an update? This is ridiculous. At least be honest we are not stupid. Johnny wins the internet for today. TRANSLATION: We need more time to feed you some creative bullshit so we can continue stringing you along so you don't dispute these charges with your credit card. @everyone Unfortunately, there are a still a couple of elements that we need to do the complete report that we've promised. So the update will come at the very beginning of next week, and I'm sincerely sorry for this delay. - Penelope Publish and be damned - it is the motto of all scientists who believe in what they have researched, silence tells me you lack conviction even with problems @CGC: Just post your latest excuse... Add Another one next week! At least we would get some amusing entertainment for our money then - considering what a parody for a real company you are! @Penelope / Lima. Post the darn unfinished update. Add another next week. We asked like a year ago to see some video of the device working and all we had was a non convincing picture transfer between two cellphones. We didn't even see the device. So, it could be time for you to show us more than a vaporware. Thanks This is the story people tell who never complete anything: There is always something they want to add to make it more complete. We don't want good or complete news. We want an accurate status update. There is nothing that could prevent you from telling us where this project stands today. I have the feeling something is really wrong and you are trying to fix this. If this is true, tell us. Please don't delay updates so maybe you don't have to bring the bad news. @Mat -See my profile for how to file a chargeback @KC- It's probably somewhere, but do you have some instructions on how to arrange a chargeback request? @paul, the $1.2m went towards getting $2.4m out of Partech. Whatever CGC's "A" dev team is, they are building something else. They have the interns working on Lima $1.2m in funding and you can't get a bunch of devs to smash this things out in a year. The comments box on KS asks posters to "be respectful and considerate". Try it CGC Yet Another week with no updates. Lima has no future! Honestly it takes one person to file a lawsuit in the EU and everyone here will happily attach their names onto the plaintiff side to sue these folks. Someone make it happen. 12840 (minus 1000 fake backers aka friends and family) are counting on you! At least they are having fun <url>################# 1. you have failed to release it by the time window you had scheduled in your kickstarter, 2. used the kickstarter funding to create a company and not the product, 3. no prototype evidently was in working condition during the Kickstarter which provides evidence that from the beginning of the Kickstarter campaign you knew you would miss your schedule 4. no trust in your product from my side. CGC I know your reading these posts. It has been over a year. I have been silent. Where is my product? I have received all my other KS but not this one. Either give me my product or my money back. Lima: the brain of the scam. I'd love to attend the meeting in London. I am (obviously) not shy about my findings and opinions. I am even less shy when I can see the person face-to-face because I can actually judge reactions and responses that usually tell more than pre-canned and rehearsed monologues that ignore the actual points. I have harped on the point about a demo until by ears turn red. Lack of a demo, lack of a product specification, lack of communication, and lack of delivery are almost always representations of lack of a product and at best are proof of lack of interpersonal skills and dual (multi)-perspectives. Customers of Apple don't even accept this level of LACK and they have a proven track record (and billions of dollars). @G Wright : Of course they have a phone... We paid for it! We shouldn't need to be resourceful just to find out useless information. Just because folks at Lima are polite and nice doesn't mean they won't steal your money. Because I'm resourceful... I managed to contact the LIMA French Office by phone and I spoke with their Engineering VP Marion and also spoke with Amandine from their comms team. I got a bit of a run-down of status. I am in one of the named Beta Test groups and have been waiting for almost 2months since being advised I had been accepted as a Beta Tester but so far have heard nothing, which was the reason for find their details and contacting the LIMA office. Two things I was advised today by phone. 1.) expect comms to be coming out very soon with a significant update, including info about beta testing - I was told that if the comms were unclear or if I had further questions I could call them back and we could discuss more details. 2.) Not sure whether it was supposed to be a secret, but members of the LIMA are going to be in London towards the end of October on a business meeting and have added an extra day into their visit to meet backers for a Q&A session. Like some of you, I have been a little concerned with the release of this product, but it does appear that the LIMA team are real people and do exist, they even have a phone! :-) And I will be keeping an eye on comms / progress, & if I have any more concerns or questions I'll be sure to give them a ring for another little chat. They were quite polite & nice people really - I won't hold being French against them. Well at least they won't find a real job Going forward with this scam on their resume right? I'm sure every backer here who has influence in the tech industry will see to that. Kyle Newman about 13 hours ago All you have to do is go look. They have multiple videos on their vimeo account. Shows multiple working limas. <url>ôd 1. "the wrongful or criminal deception intended to result in financial or personal gain." 2. "a person or thing intended to deceive others, typically by unjustifiably claiming or being credited with accomplishments or qualities." @fmotta -which of these shoes doesn't fit here? Go back to sleep, dear. All you have to do is go look. They have multiple videos on their vimeo account. Shows multiple working limas. <url>"thinking" fraud I tend to avoid such definitive statements as far too many have lawyers (leeches) who love misusing such things for their own financial gain. I tend to express in terms of references and inferences as these are generally either representative of pre-stated information or an opinion. Seldom are opinions good fodder for litigation (at least not yet in USA). This user's account has been deleted. I say fraud because what they sold us is not what they plan to deliver to us. They made representations about where in the development cycle they were, and at least some of us made our decisions to back based upon this. Would they have raised $1.2m if they had said; "We have an idea we are going to build from scratch and deliver maybe Q4 2014."? Shit happens, but when they chose to rewrite without offering an opt-out refund to backers, that was unethical and fraud in my book. As for deadlines; only a loon would expect their KS project on time. My point was that there is this idea that all deadlines are meaningless here, and as long as the project is 'live' then it is not failed. Even the KS guidelines fail to address this. What I can not understand is if they have a python version of the tool already written (as the project was just to fund production) and assuming that C version will just to make it more efficient / add additional features why not just load the python version onto the hardware and show it off with big caveats that it's being re-written. Why not say it would need a re-write once money was available as part of their pitch. they have lied from the get go especially when it should be very very easy to demonstrate a version of the device @KC: I dunno if I'd said Fraud... maybe, according to a strict definition of fraud then maybe. But seems a bit of a stretch. That's not to say that CGC has, so far, failed miserably, just that I don't think they intended to not deliver/under deliver from the get go. I think they had every intention of make the product, but just failed to come through. Also, re: an earlier point of yours: Deadlines. I would argue that deadlines should never be taken at face value here on Kickstarter. I have yet to back a project that has delivered on time. I've still been quite happy with the vast majority of projects that I've backed. I would say that anyone who is a seasoned KS backer would agree that Deadlines are rarely met and backers should, as a general rule, *not* expect to see their reward by the date provided. But are they meaningless? Absolutely not. While I never expect a product on time in the KS world, I do expect them within a reasonable amount of time from the expected delivery date. Generally 3-6 months late is what I figure for most tech projects. But even assuming my generous delivery extension, CGC is now three months late from that. And I would be shocked if I see my product before the end of this year. As someone who's supported CGC in the past and been willing to accept some level of delay, it's now to the point where they are beyond my willingness to accept. It's WAY too late. Frankly, I'm not even that interested in the product anymore. I don't even know if I'll use it much when it arrives. FWIW: This hasn't spoiled my opinions of KS or crowd funding. I've had a lot of success with some projects and limited success with others. But this has made me more wary of projects. I'm certainly going to be more selective in the future. Another project I'm loosing hope on. "There is no fraud here" -Lies equal fraud -Bait and switch equals fraud Lima equals fraud @Tom: Much of what you wrote is applicable to my opinion. This is a losing project with people who have no idea what they are doing in project management (and evidently less in product development and embedded systems). Nothing (not even a demo or a product spec) have come from them unless you are the next-door-neighbor of these guys and sign NDA stating you will not provide information to others (aka - won't tell backers the state of the project even if NOBODY is). Did I say REFUND NOW yet? ENOUGH IS ENOUGH. REFUND NOW @Tom, i agree every word! We are tired of being abused, your business is as bad as it can be... I ordered a year ago with a delivery promised for DECEMBER 2013! You are nothing but a hustle, I am so tired of your BS, your lies, your unprofessional attitude and abilities, your poor communication, your product being almost obsolete and soon unwanted, your business is a SCAM! #fraud #lie #badbusiness #rotten #stinky #dirty and i forgot to Hashtag more compliments.... You SUCK, we will probably get no after sales service, repairs because you will be out of business within the next months... you are one of the worst KICKSTARTER ever... WE SHOULD CALL IT A '' KOCKSOFTER '' OR A '' DICKSTARVER '' campaign. I hate you very much and I am not looking forward to #meetlima, I have already did...bad encounter... Christmas is coming again.. meetlima wrote "expected to ship in July" but didn't say which year. Very clever. This is 2nd project I have backed and both (1st was from germany and this is from france and 3rd from USA). 1st was out right fraud - there is no product and no money back. Product from USA is quite good and on time. Now lets see how it turns out. Summary of my experience: 1. I have stopped backing projects and probably will never back again. 2. There are more chances of not getting money back from outside of north america than here. 3. There is something wrong with european guys i guess. Anyway, i am out of this kickstarter backing money laundering scheme. In <url># at PRE-ORDER link, they say that delivery is on WINTER 2014........ CGC good joke! This is a $1,229,074 fraud. @Jason -See my profile description for how to file a chargeback. <url>"Delivery dates on KS are meaningless. As long as CGC has not delcared 'I quit' then the project is ongoing and viable, --even if the product never arrives. Sit down, shut up, and think positive thoughts." certainly disingenuous, anything else is down to police and / court system Then is a fraud? @Khurt "There is no fraud here" But their pitch said they had software written and only thing left to do was go into production and only after funding went down the complete re-write route, you know 'bait and switch'. If their risk section said if we fund beyond a certain level we'll re-write I wouldn't have backed wikeapedia entry (please remember how accurate it always is) <url>"we're just a platform...." fornicate that excrement. "If we fail, we'll refund you. Really. But for the time being, failure isn't an option." If???? True, failure isn't an option, it's an actuality. It should be *failed*- past tense, as in, it already happened. The amount of denial is amazing. Don't know about you, but I feel inspired. Response to my letter CGC complaining about the lack of accountability. ------------- Hi Khurt, Thank you for your message. As stated on the public comment thread we encountered some non-trivial problems with the beta tests last week. It seems some of the bugs we found need important reworking. Gawen & Séverin are still investigating and need a few more days to assess the situation and know what these problems mean and imply. We'll do a more extensive update with a new ETA for the next beta test groups and final shipping. We've already posted video of the software running on desktop and mobile. We plan to add photos or videos of the Limas packaged in China in the next updates. Same about the install process but we have to stay focus on the beta issues fix before. Partech’s investment helped us to accelerate Lima’s development worldwide, allow the team to expand its engineering, marketing, sales and distribution efforts and to build an efficient go-to-market strategy. As you know, Partech Ventures is an investor specializing in high-growth-potential Internet and information technology companies, with a long-standing track record in the American and European Venture Capital markets. The team has a strong experience in the international development of companies. There is no fraud here. We faced issues inherent to the launch of a new production. Production vagaries and delay are the price we have to pay to maintain the required quality standards. According to Kickstarter terms, we'll refund all pledges if the project fails. The whole team is involved into the project completion and looking forward to deliver the product we promised. Our project isn't cancelled and we'll fulfill all rewards. If we fail, we'll refund you. Really. But for the time being, failure isn't an option. Let me know if there is anything I can do to help from here. Best, Christophe for the Lima Team Hello Team: It's time for a new update, and everyone is struggling with the news's what we don't get This project is now for me the oldest KS project. I have run Take 10 to 20 minutes to make a update for us as backer's and put it in your scheduler for do it every week. You can also do int on the end off the week if you drink a Beer :) Regards Johan They promise an update next week. I'm looking forward to it. When I don't get answers to mine (and iT seems many others) questions I will contact the consumerorganisation of which I am a member (Test-aankoop) to see what legal or orher actions are possible. I'm from Belgium so I have already the advantage of being an EU-citizen. @Hasan, yes, I saw the Forgetbox reference. It was Phasmid who first called them out on that before he was banned for posting their LinkedIn pages here. At what point do we say: "Enough is enough" and a class action lawsuit needs to set things in motion? The credit card companies have incentive with their merchant fees, Kickstarter has their goodwill with how much they've initially funded with this project, and the Lima team has our money? Just saw this this morning. <url>#section4 I wonder if this will apply retroactively. "Creators owe their backers a high standard of effort, honest communication, and a dedication to bringing the project to life." Did anybody see the update regarding Kickstarters Terms of Use: My question is it looks like Lima did not follow any of these yet Kickstarter is not taking any action. I am trying to get my money back, but they say they cannot refund because money has been used also they do not provide any kind of update. I am gonna take them to small claims Court. I think that is the last option. @Henrik, Can you give us more info for the Europe Court. Is it possible to sue them even we are not located in EU? When a project is successfully funded, the creator must complete the project and fulfill each reward. Once a creator has done so, they’ve satisfied their obligation to their backers. Throughout the process, creators owe their backers a high standard of effort, honest communication, and a dedication to bringing the project to life. At the same time, backers must understand that when they back a project, they’re helping to create something new — not ordering something that already exists. There may be changes or delays, and there’s a chance something could happen that prevents the creator from being able to finish the project as promised. If a creator is unable to complete their project and fulfill rewards, they’ve failed to live up to the basic obligations of this agreement. To right this, they must make every reasonable effort to find another way of bringing the project to the best possible conclusion for backers. A creator in this position has only remedied the situation and met their obligations to backers if: they post an update that explains what work has been done, how funds were used, and what prevents them from finishing the project as planned; they work diligently and in good faith to bring the project to the best possible conclusion in a timeframe that’s communicated to backers; they’re able to demonstrate that they’ve used funds appropriately and made every reasonable effort to complete the project as promised; they’ve been honest, and have made no material misrepresentations in their communication to backers; and they offer to return any remaining funds to backers who have not received their reward (in proportion to the amounts pledged), or else explain how those funds will be used to complete the project in some alternate form. The creator is solely responsible for fulfilling the promises made in their project. If they’re unable to satisfy the terms of this agreement, they may be subject to legal action by backers. This is ridiculous - I'm disputing the charge with my credit card company. I would like to believe them but I dont know how. They said they have a working solution and they just need the money for mass production. Now it seems they had nothing at all. I still cant believe they got funded by VCs. I checked the Partech Ventures website and lima is listed there. VCs typically do their diligence before putting money. So I want to believe something will be delivered. I don't know whey they bother posting updates every 2-3 weeks. If they want to run away with the money then they should have just disappeared by now. I think they should allow people to buy limas with whatever software it comes with (very simple NAS) if we want. Then let us upgrade the limas when the software is ironed out.. @Taylor...you can easy sue in EU - see my previous post! That would also force a thorough runthrough of the accounting books and all expenses of the business - revealing where all the money went! You can however sue in EU.. Just find a lawyer in EU that will sue. Or you can actually set up a class action in the EU. Then do a cross complaint with Delaware attorney general office This really is the perfect scam. I mean can anyone tell me where you can get over 1 million in cash and run away without being thrown in jail? We can't even really sue them as they don't even live in the us. I think this is the last project I will get burned on. I have stopped crowd funding as there are too many cons to look out for. Sorry but Lima seems to be one of them. So Lima can now join Nabes and Hot Watch. Delaware has great corporate tax laws, so many 'virtual' companies in the US incorporate there for the tax incentives. @Merijn -I noticed that too :) Thats a shell office where their attorney help set this project up Anyone on here live in the Delaware/New Jersey/Philly are want to take a drive down to the Newark, DE location? Maybe we can forcefully but politely ask about ship dates/refunds etc. What I thought was funny about the article is the album-cover in the left bottom. The typical motto: if you can't deliver - Photoshop! What's funny about that article, if you look closely at the picture where it shows the Lima UI, it's actually the UI from Spotify photoshopped in with Lima folders. Hilarious. Total BS fluff piece. <url>"full update" = They'll mention some "unforeseen" hickup that pushes back the deadline a couple of months, while they "investigate" (= Buys more gadgets)... Offering absolutely no demo or concrete deadlines, sitrep or anything! Tweet from @meetlima: "Yes, been working on some issues with the beta. We'll publish a full update on the situation next week." <url>"Hrm, which seems the least inflammatory, I'll respond to that." @CGC - You *owe* us, your funders - the Kickstarter community, some hard answers, and *now*. @henrik perhaps you should lead the charge on this and people will follow watch out Hasan, people have been banned for putting up publicly available 'personal data' like linkedin.... but good finds If Kickstarter wont act against obvious fraud why not let the EU shut down these scams? <url>#fraud iOS 8 finally out. Another reason for Lima to delay the project. And use the funds for a new iPhone 6 plus. Dear All, I found some interesting information. It looks like they had a different product which was Shutdown " After a fantastic testing period" Take a look at www. forgetbox.com. It has been registered to Registrant Name: Severin MARCOMBES I checked his Linkedin it has nothing about Forgetbox - <url>"To build a product that is unique, you need energy! You can find a lot of sweets in our office: croissants, chocolate bars, sodas, etc." Interesting page though, you can see the CEO, get their office address and see that they plan to hire a "customer care officer": "Customer care officer One year ago, we have launched an awesome product and we’re now looking for an awesome person to be the direct link between us and our customers/prospects for the US market." "Responsibilities Attract potential customers by answering product/delivery questions & offering information about use cases." @Merijn: Of course not. You can see the same on their facebook page... As I showed before, probably the 1.2mio $ are already burned (and I even didn't account for office rent etc.). Going this pace the 2.5mio will soon be gone as well so they need some new victims - ah, sorry - customers. On twitter I see people are pre-ordering Lima's. I just noticed on meetlima.com there is no link to the kickstarter page. The only KS related info is in their FAQ: "The first Lima devices will be delivered to our Kickstarter backers in July. Concerning pre-orders, it will depend of the batch." This makes me wonder if the people on twitter known they are pre-ordering an item which isn't ready and the pre-orders are more than likely not being delivered in Winter 2014. I was thinking about starting a Kickstarterproject. It would be a documentary/serie about "The (non)making of Lima - the brain behind the scam". The only problem is that I don't know how many seasons there will be and that is important for the amount of money I should ask. Anyone has a suggestion? @Shinbad -See my profile description for how to file a chargeback. <url>"Partech Ventures". They plan offices in china and the US in 2016. Some simple math: Take 20 employees at 5000$/month. Thats 100.000 $ / month. The project was funded 12 months ago. Thats. 1.200.000$. We pledged 1.229.074$. Add 20 new Imacs for everyone at $1500 and you know why they can't refund anyone. They will just file bankruptcy and be happy about the 60.000$ everyone earned in this year (probably more for the "management")... @Mike: You optimistically believe that this will be delivered and in some working form yet you say you stopped backing KS projects? Almost seems like contradictory behavior. I think that Dec2015 is a long time for these guys to retain employment based on current performance patterns. I know I'd have replaced some, most, many of those involved long ago. But, I am used to creating a specification, designing to the spec, creating prototypes, testing, refining, creating early release products, developing beta products, going into beta (with 100s of people at least), refining, creating the early availability (EA), releasing EA to a larger audience, refining, creating general availability (GA), beta releasing the GA, refining, and releasing the product within less than 18 months on (orders of magnitude) larger scale products that are likely being used my most of those here on KS. So, maybe I am tainted by 35+ years of experience in Silicon Valley and am unaware of the way things are done in France. At least they should be able to return more than 1,1 million to its backers. After all they only requested 69k, so they should have a lot of money laying around since no hardware has been produced (and I guess no software either on their lack of interest in demo'ing anything at all!). @CGC: So how about you just send the funding back, return your iPhones and iMacs and whatever luxury you bought with our money and we won't have to press charges and force your scam through the courts of EU! This was my last project which I funded on kickstarter. Not surprised they haven't delivered it yet. When I first paid they were ready to release it and then the BS started coming out like every other Kickstarter. So when I we getting these Limas Xmas or 2015? This is ridiculous. 5 days ago. I got this canned message. "We’ll post a new article on Kickstarter on monday, updating you on estimated shipping dates according to the results of the tests. Let us know if we can do anything else to reassure you about Lima project development. We are working hard to satisfy all our backers and we will listen carefully to your feedbacks." Yet there is no update or any useful information. I think this is a modern day scam. I wonder if we have any lawyers as backers. We should stand for our right, Kickstarter is also useless. They don't help. I hope somebody will take a look at this comments and see how people are not believing into Kickstarter or Lima anymore. I am really curios to see what is the next update if there is ant one. Most likely It will be we are working with Beta testers etc, there are bugs. I think at this point Lima is nothing but the biggest failure all the time. Showing Penelope's iPhone and iMac makes a lot of sense. After all that's apparently where all the backer's funding went! Since they are obviously incapable if showing a demo of even the most simple part if Lima the funding must have gone to something other than software snd hardware Development. Remember how much money they got - compared to what they asked for! Who's going to miss a couple of hundred thousand dollars spent on private parties, vacations and gadgets? Especially since a serious accounting of how funds were spent will never see the light of day. This is basically a fun ride for CGC at the cost of their backers, who are only fed lies and incoherent communication. Any request on a demo is ignored - even though it is a clear requirement from Kickstarter. Maybe when this is done CGC can provide the information to Exit International. I speculate that the "non-trivial problems" likely could be relabeled as "in-experienced coders" (I won't call them Engineers nor Developers as I do not feel that I see indications that represent that the traits of those roles are being applied). This project could have and would have been finished and on toward a bigger-better version based on the original if this did not turn into a science project on social and professional suicide. This user's account has been deleted. LOL what's the next excuse? Issues in China delaying the assembly of your rebadged hardware due to iphone factories hogging up supply chain? Or the software is a total dud and you need another year to rewrite the code? Here's a kicker, you're going to upgrade everyone to usb 3.0 and need a few more months to get that done. You guys are full of shit. If I can think of more excuses to use ill post it here for you to ponder so you can choose which suits your mood at that time. See my profile description for how to file a chargeback. Don't let these scammers keep your money. <url>"We've been working on some non-trivial problems encountered with the beta tests last week" <url>"skills" assures that much! @CGC Team: updates like this one are exactly the kind off updates you should not give. Is there seriously no one in your team with some communication skills? If I had part in your company, this is the point I would step in en take over communication control. What I read is: this is an excuse to buy us some more time until we come up with the next excuse. . I am considering offering you my help for free. Mostly because I'm curious. . Rule #1 for you at this point: be honest and show us everything thats going on. Don't wait till you have the story right. Don't wait because maybe your story is better tomorrow. Don't wait with info because you don't like the message and are hoping, if you try again, everything changes. We want to know what is happening now. Aren't there any backers who live close to Paris and who could go and visit the headquarter of CGC? @Khurt -Don't forget that they unilaterally decided to rebuild Lima because the original design would have "worked for a small number of backers, but not a large group." Basically, they *were* going to sell a small number of people garbage, but when a large number of us fell for the garbage they decided to fund their company rather than build the product. Well, they're not in Illinois either. You know bothers me about the refusal to issue a refund? The fact that the project was initially trying to raise just $69,000 but was funded at 20 times that. Supposedly they were planning to deliver the Lima with that initial small amount. Doing a refund won't break the bank. Unless of course the bank is in the Cayman Islands. @KC got someone higher up at BoA. Even though it's beyond the 60 days, he's working to get me a refund. He sounded sympathetic when I explained that the original ship date -- January 2014 -- was beyond the BoA dispute timeframe. I should receive a dispute letter in the mail in a few weeks. Thanks for you help @KC. I paid this thinking I would get the device ages ago. Now I realize it is all just a big scam. Please refund my $79. @Khurt -I say call back and find someone who understands Kickstarter. You might have to talk to a manager and push a bit, but you are in the right and your card-issuer has an interest in keeping you as a customer. @KC bank won't help either. Past their 60 day window for disputes. I'm screwed. @KC got the following when I tried step 2 from your instructions. "Service Disputes cannot be filed after 105 days from the transaction date , transaction date is :8 9 2013" I see funded this in July 2013, and Delivery was due April 2014. so refund my $79 dollars please. @fmotta - A non-reply can be considered a refusal. I would give them 2 business days to respond, and put that in the message to them. @KC: Looks good - I have not had success and now that you made the process clear then CGC will never reply and refuse refunds All: I have compiled instructions on how to file a credit card chargeback and placed them on my bio for quicker reference. Can you review and help me improve them? <url>"class" of individuals "operating" CGC/Lima. Shall we start with their location and move forward? Feel free to add to the list. I prefer that we all get involved. - Not in Delaware Any update? CORRECTION: "The preorders are suppose to be send out before the end of LAST year" @Johnny: My hope is diminishing but until I have more information this could be nothing more than a communication disaster. They have to come up quickly with details about the hardware and software. @Chop Shop: There is no hard evidence anything is happening. We have stories. Thats it. As far as I know they have one Lima which they gave to a friend to try it out. That friend is not allowed to talk about it. They told us that if testing is going well they send out ten more Lima's. Its September now. The preorders are suppose to be send out before the end of this year. The KS Lima's before that. I can't see how they are going to ship over 15.000 Lima's within the next two months. . But maybe the next update brings a big surprise. is this not happening then? @Merijn you have been very hopeful the past month, you're only setting yourself up for disappointment as your questions have gone unanswered time and time again. Good luck with your optimism for this vaporware. @The JJ: This project is not about the hardware but about the software CGC is developing. Maybe we get some proof next monday the software really exists. @Drew&Bernd: You may not have been along for the whole ride... CGC decided unilaterally that we get to wait for them to make this project into a learning exercise so that they can learn the basics of remote storage. This process included getting more money and changing the specification (also unilaterally). The results are that they have not released any representation of the new product nor are they willing to be adults and set appropriate responsible delivery dates. Net: We know nothing about what they are doing nor if they actually plan to send something, what it is, nor when it might be sent. It must be nice to be them... no pressure for results and no avenue for repercussion for their misdeeds. Well, their names are now Mud in the tech industry. But, they may have improved their chances for selection in politics or used car sales roles. Hello, I just checked my kickstarter, as I had forgotten about this pledge. Now that I am on the website I see this was funded on September 2013, and Delivery was due April 2014. One year has passed...I have lost the reason as to why I pledged, so refund my $149 dollars please. Haven't received mine yet? Any help available pls? :) Amazon item: Date first available at Amazon.com: December 23, 2008 @Erin and dim3m: Lima's hardware is the already existing Wanser-R NAS adapter. You can read that in the comments of the first update. And indeed they redressed it with new colors and logo. @Erin, good find. Maybe lima bought a bunch of these and just spray painted their color and logo on it. And make it their own. Anyone want a lima for 40$ ? <url>"we’ll get back to you next week with more substantial news and an update." No fertilizer today. This project is officially off-track. When the Scribble pen launched on Kickstarter in August, it promised to sample any color on Earth and then either print in that color or splash it around on the screen of a tablet (depending on the version). However, two days after the launch, based on some concerns among backers and potential backers, Kickstarter stepped in and asked the makers of Scribble to provide a more detailed video within 24 hours showing exactly how the pen was supposed to work. [<url>#PzcyTtikbxuILGDg.99] This should have happened to Seve and his boys and girls and our precious cash refunded once no working device was produced but a con trick served in a chocolate teapot. Clearly Kickstarter Inc. is starting to feel the threat of litigation on behalf of backers conned by unrealistic promises. 半年で必ずできると言っていた物が1年以上経過した今、まだ生産の目処がたっていないことに不快感を覚える。 Limaは2014年内に完成するのだろうか？ I have no security problems with Lima. I asked my friends to try find my files on my Lima and they couldn't. They couldn't even find my Lima device. Neither could I. So security is 100%. Actually I have to give the Transporter Library (and forget the Sync part) more thorough look, it looks like to be just what I was looking for. @KC - It's the "Sync" part that differs from Transporter Sync and Snot. If I use Transporter I still cannot sync 100GB of files to a computer that has 20GB free disk space. I was planning to connect my old 2nd gen 4-bay Drobo so there would only be 1 drive connected to Plug. @Merijn, the product would be great. But its the people behind the product that eat poo. @Ocid -There are two discernible differences between CGC's Snot product and the File Transporter Sync 1) File Transporter Sync does not aggregate a lot of different USB drives, it uses only one. Otherwise it is the same, and frankly given the cost of drives and the propensity of one to fail, I would rather have one large drive than an aggregate of small drives with many points of failure. 2) File Transporter Sync exists. If this product really exists, it differs a quite lot of those products that are mentioned before (Owncloud, btsync, WD MySh*t etc.). Purpose of this product (at least product A's purpose before it was bait-n-switched to product B) is to expand your home folder to the size of the HD(s) that's connected to Plug (I still refuse to call it Lima, which means snot or slime in my native language) and store just one copy of your data. Owncloud, File Transporter and WD MySh*t just offer you a network share to connect to. This can be achieved with any NAS out there or even normal computer (or Pi) sharing a folder. (Of course you could mount the shared folder to your home folder, but that requires a bit more than a normal (windows) user can manage.) Bittorrent Sync and Syncthing require space to sync all the files, so you cannot sync 100GB of files to a computer that has only 20GB free. I want to believe that the product I pledged for really exists and is going thru beta tests right now, or rather that I was testing it. CGC/Lima/Whatever you’re now called: PLEASE RELEASE SPECS AND A DEMO THAT SHOWS THE PRODUCT IS WORKING! Raspberry Pi with Owncloud and or Bittorent Sync, or Syncthing. Still the idea of Lima is what I want. The concept is great. Now the product. Owncloud, Bittorrent Sync, File Transporter, WD MyCloud Are there any good alternatives? I can't wait any longer. Those are weekly statistics. CGC should deliver their bi-weekly load of horseshit tomorrow. Everything is on time in terms of "customer care." @KC: You may need to alter the scale for this project or get many more bags to handle the *stuff*. I think there will be more than 8.7% more coming before we even get this into a real beta (you know - people who are not friends and relatives that will actually try the features without instructions and actually express their opinion - you know beta testers!). Fertilizer Bag Fill Status: 91.3% (rising) Estimated delivery: On Time @CGC/Lima: I love the demo! It is awesome! I saw it during my last fever sweats. It drove my car for me and it got me hot chicks along with helping me sleep when jetlagged and keeping me awake on long trips. DAMN! That is some product! Wait, that is not the specification of the product? Well, I guess we would know better if you ACTUALLY RELEASED A PRODUCT SPEC AND DEMO!! <url>… vs <url>… Wasn't it just last week that CGC posted a load of crap to this thread about Lima not having a UPnP security issue because Lima is a UPnP *client* and not a UPnP *server?* Serving up unsecured content on a LAN behind the firewall sure sounds like a server to me. Guess they have told so many lies they are starting to bump into each other. And once again CGC appears with a series of answers to questions no one really cares about until they know that an ACTUAL product exists! Even more telling is the fact that they again, again and again simply skip the questions that regard even a simple demo! @CGC: I'm glad you're imaginary product doesn't have any security issues. That's soo nice! My own imaginary Lima product floats on the moon, is covered with stardusts and rainbows, so I won't have any security issues there either! Kickstarter is a journey that starts with a campaign - rallying backers - and letting those backers follow your project blossom - not your dreams of grandure! @CGC: While you're busy dreaming about a real product could you please read the Rules of Kickstarter (if you can read, that is... You seem to have some problems reading the word "demo"): > "Projects must create something to share with others." ... So, Please share (and not the standard manure!) > "Projects must be honest and clearly presented." ... Wow, I'm not even going to try and explain that to you, as you have clearly not understood the concepts of "honest", "projects" or "presented"... If you then read (or have someone read to you) the text of that paragraph it states: "we require projects to show a prototype of what they’re making" ... You are now more than a year into the "project" and have yet to fullfil this requirement, which is the basis of a legal Kickstarter Campaign. Source: <url>"Contact me" link for the Lima project... Folks of CGC: I have tried to be a voice of reason on the Kickstarter comments page to all of those who are complaining that CGC has stolen our money and will not deliver a product; I have defended you and tried to be as supportive as I can. However, I am reaching the end of my rope; I am formally requesting that CGC release the Santiago group from their NDAs, and host/sponsor a series of blog posts from as many members of the Santiago group as they can reach, so that we backers can get a sense of the product's current status. I honestly don't care how fundamentally broken the UI or the device are - I just need to hear/see as many people as possible telling us they have one, and what their impressions and concerns are. The point has been raised - multiple times - that the way CGC has carried their business forward does not inspire confidence. Being open with the backers about your failures, concerns, and remaining risks is the only chance you have to pull us back to your side. If CGC can't show some real depth of progress by October 1st, 2014 I will be contacting my credit card company to issue a charge-back, and individually contacting other backers (a number of whom are in my social circle) to help coach them through the same process. Please help me remain hopeful in CGC, and pull yourselves out of this PR tailspin, by encouraging those who have the devices to step up in their role as project backers to help those of us who are NOT in the beta group to have our faith restored. Thank you for your time, and I hope to see a series of posts from beta users on the Kickstarter updates page soon. @Lexal - The thought is good, but I think you have identified the wrong gurus. They haven't figured out how to code a product for more than 1000 users let alone code security measures. I suggest you all read this <url>"Personal data stores found leaking online" It is a bbc story about many, many home network attached storage devices set up by naive users and revealing all data to the world by mistake. It would be good if careful instructions are given to all of us by Lima on how to avoid this common but serious problem. Merjin it only talks about Lima. Unless I missed something in the text. And the plot thickens You already have a team of 20? <url>"have faith" you are honestly trying to develop this product. If I understand correctly, you now have a total of 13 beta testers and there are 500 all together. At this rate it will take years to get that much testing done. Please open the beta testing to all groups like most software companies do. What are you afraid of? (That question is directed to CGC and does not require a sarcastic comment from disgruntled backers) I can't believe this is a scam if you are so public about your product at shows, etc., but you sure do treat your backers as if it is. You are smart people, I hope, so act like it and honestly clear up all of this miscommunication so you can stop all of this negative feedback. Yes, heaven forbid that you post the address of the people with whom you are doing business with on Kickstarter. Clearly this publicly available information violates their privacy. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. LETS FIGHT BACK!! Do we really want to let them get away with this stuff? It's time to show these guys of CGC that it's not that easy to just grab one million dollar and have a laugh at the stupid backers who thought they would get *anything* in December 2013... There are several ways to do this: - report the fraud to officials This includes chamber of commerce, police etc. - file a class action - inform their business partners We can gather information about their partners and write, mail, call them. E.g. Partech ventures, who gave them another 2.5 mio $. - give them calls and visit them in person to tell them what you think about them (e.g. 2915 Ogletown Road #1837 Newark, DE, 19713. +1.617.620.9664 ) - state how you feel on facebook and twitter. Comment every posting they make (www.facebook.com/MeetLima) It's about time we get our money back. Don't let them get away with this! Hudson: Is this gonna be a standup fight, sir, or another bughunt? Gorman: All we know is that there's still no contact with the colony, and that a xenomorph may be involved. Frost: Excuse me sir, a-a what? Gorman: A xenomorph. Hicks: It's a bughunt. A little idle amusement while we wait for Lima "There is a perpetual motion machine on Kickstarter. No, it doesn’t break the site’s rules" — <url>"support" system is really a "disgruntled backer mollification" system. They aren't interested in solving problems, just soothing you if you notice them. This user's account has been deleted. @Krish -As have I. I am waiting for delivery of a few things, then my KS account will be deleted. Greed by creators and the platform are killing the host. C'mon @CGC, your investors want to know why you've done with our money. If I were in your town, I'd be making a visit to your offices to demand to see progress in person. For what it's worth, I have completely stopped backing projects in KickStarter. This along with the JuiceBee and Agent Watch.. all examples of worst project management and more importantly KickStarter as a platform completely being ignorant of our pains.. it's not that we are millionaires and have disposable income.. we are passionate backers and make calls personally to put $ into these when we could have invested this into something else.. Sorry KS you have disappointed us.. Technically if it's argued correctly, since KS took a cut of the profits they can be held partially liable for this piece of crap dead weight project. You will all be shocked (shocked I say!) to hear that Kickstarter mealy-mouthed a non-answer to my complaint about the lies and bait and switch on this project. I didn't expect any different, but I thought I would give them a chance. I found this part particularly rich: "I’m sorry to hear that backing the Lima project has been an underwhelming experience... We expect that creators will make every effort to complete the project as promised. I apologize that in this case, the product seems ultimately different than what the creator originally presented." Translation: "Sorry you bought 'A' and the project (may some day) deliver 'B'. We got paid, -can't help you." Very disappointed-wish I never responded to emails sent out to forgetbox supporters to back this project (and I backed it twice). I am no longer backing any kickstarter projects-just scams-your conscious-how can you do this to people? I am honest person, work hard, do the right thing, yet scammed in a very legal way and kickstarter does not care. Thank you for taking money from hard working individuals. Thank you. +1 Merijn @CGC: few questions: - is all software completed and is it about bughunting and finetuning or are there still parts that needs to be written? - is al hardware ready and produced? Last thing I read was about a few issues you where fixing. Haven't heard anything about hardware since. - on the photo on which you where handing out the first betatest Lima I noticed a nice box. Is all packaging ready? Pictures please. - and finaly: can we please get a video demonstration from unboxing to syncing and using getting stuff on tv using a chromecast? . If you are proud about your product, show us, your backers, what you have. @dim3m -That urge is perfect for CGC, they are looking for a new "Customer Care Director" Job description is feeding manure to the masses. I have an "urge" to assist them in filling up these fertilizer bags. Happy Friday! Fertilizer Bag Fill Status: 50% (rising) Estimated delivery: On Time @trianta KS won't refund you, please read the comments below on the best way to get your refund back via CCC. Just applied to Kickstarter for a complete refund.(129$ should not go down the drain...) This user's account has been deleted. Lukas. Grab some popcorn and prop your feet up... @johnny I am sitting, waiting, wishing.. can I get back my money ? Pretty surprising that only about 10% of the backers have commented here wondering what's going on. Wonder what the other 90% is doing.. Maybe friends of Lima as well, that's why they don't comment. This is somewhat similar to KS project i backed awhile ago. They got funded 4 times more than their goal. But upon creating the thumb drive. They found so much bugs that they decided to build the version 2 before the 1. Which they spent the rest of the money on R&D. Once the project finally was kinda finished. They ran out of money for mass production. They have only shipped out to about 100+ or so. Their communication was terrible too. I was lucky to receive my pledge reward. But the product, due to the major long delays. Seems useless. And no longer needed. The only use I have it for is to remind me not to back anymore KS project. Its these people at CGC team that ruins the KS experience. Screw you CGC team. Here is what CGC wrote on Facebook - someone ordered his device in August: "Meet Lima: Hey Xavier, you should receive your device by the end of Fall. We'll keep you updated as soon as we have a more precise date." Now is this fraud or not?? Like all parasites, KS has a vested interest in not killing the host organism. That reminds me, I need to look for a wallet project on KS... Kickstarter won't give two cents about any complaints. They got their 5% in the bank. They've already washed their hands on this project. I added this to my support ticket: "I would also point out that the Lima project required backers to make additional payments outside the Kickstarter platform in violation of your rules. See these updates: <url>#comment-7408242 Specifically "...We did have a working prototype in Python that was nearly ready. However, we figured out it was not perfect because that initial prototype was designed for a thousand people and wasn’t meant for the masses...we didn't want to ship this first version of the Lima to 12 840 people. Thanks to your support...we’ve pretty much rebuilt the entire product architecture to make it far more robust and resilient in the long term...This process would have been necessary anyhow, to scale our product from a 1,000 users product to the masses." This language clearly indicates that CGC abused the Kickstarter platform to provide seed money for a company rather than to develop a product as the campaign described. Sad but true. I have stopped backing at kickstarter after the Zendock, Lima experience. This is the lesson I learned: See the prototype working before backing. What a strange coincidence. Zendock expected delivery time: November, 2013. Lima expected delivery time: December, 2013. And there is no fully working prototype existed in both projects from start to now. And we have an ice bucket challenge in Zendock project and having endless problems in Lima. See the prototype working before backing NEXT STEPS TO GET OUR MONEY BACK! If you are not happy about the present situation (CGC keeping your money and not delivering anything), there are a couple of steps we can take: 1. Contact Kickstarter. Choose Support (at the bottom of the page), "my pledge", Lima, Reward->Creator accountability State that CGC lied about present state of development at the first place and also point to the amount of complaints on this forum. 2nd: Post your complaint on kickstarters homepage. You find the link on the bottom of this page. 3rd: Tweet about it. Use Hashtags #kickstarter #lima #cgc If nothing helps, we might have to consider filing a class action against CGC and/or kickstarter... You guys fu@/in suck. Seriously. You are horrible human beings for lying to us about being ready for mass production. I just want my money back you g@$ d@MN thieves. In other news <url>"no vetting" approach is another giant stop sign for me. It's sad that people like this abuse trust and game a system, and that honest entrepreneurs will suffer as a result. I will no longer use Kickstarter as they appear to be facilitators for con artists or, at the very best, well meaning but deluded dreamers. So sad. The reassurance of David Hannum, 'There's sucker born every minute' will alow the continued success of projects like this and the Kickstarter site in general. Sorry, must be "their mothers". I use the Lima-translator and there are still some bugs. The first beta-testers were friends. The second will be there mothers. I do wonder what the next group would be. You no longer believe in the December 2013 delivery date? Coming up on a year's anniversary since backing this device. I'd really feel better if CGC would stop sending me updates on a project that is essentially a failure at this point. It is a constant reminder that I made a bad investment and had to buy something else to do the same thing in the meantime. If they keep sending these vacuous updates without addressing the actual questions I have (such as when I will get the device) then I'll have to put more effort into trying to get a refund. At this point I'll most likely be throwing away the device when it arrives anyways. They hit the dead pool a while ago, only the diehard believers haven't seen it. Next stop is the dead pool along with other shitty wannabe start ups like CGC who spews lies and tells a good story. That's the next excuse when "beta testing" ends. @Christopher - CGC was/is obligated to give you a refund opportunity for changing the product you pledged for. I recommend you file a chargeback. I keep re-reading the risks section and it says nothing about if we massively overfund we'll re-write the whole thing in a new language starting from scratch - that is where the bait and switch comes in. I just hope they recognize the level hickiness they have pulled and shoe in something like a 500gb hard drive for us all (by then this releases they'll be dirt cheap and the hard ware lima will run on will be two generations back and so dirtcheap too...) And once again CGC avoids completely all questions and requests for visual proof of Lima's state - demo or screencast! Another obstacle to accountability is the Stockholm Syndrome of many backers who view accountability as the enemy of their dreams for the project. @dim3m: and therein lies the real problem. KS no longer approves anything, they are just providing a listing, payment and skimming framework for anybody who wants to use it in any way they want, no questions asked and no liability implied. Vetting would imply responsibility which is why they dropped it like a hot potato. It's not clear to me that it is that easy to skirt all responsibility for something they are knee deep in and I have a hope that will be tested in court. I doubt, though, that the owners care if their business model goes away with what they have so far banked. Corporations have an excellent track record of protecting their owners and managers from personal liability. That's what corporations are all about. Criminal protection is a bit harder but they've gotten really good at that too as Wall Street (so aptly named) has clearly demonstrated. @hafeez and @don that is the kind of shake-up we need. @Don, i agree. KS should be held accountable for the fraud and scams they approve. For all we know, KS could be behind Lima. @Hafeez: When the scammers and grifters became too apparent, KS went in the other direction to completely disclaim any responsibility for vetting at all. By publicly stated policy there is now no checking whatsoever. Anyone can scam anyone and nobody can claim in court that KS is not doing their job well enough because they have indemnified themselves from taking _any_ part in the process. KS must be investigated and regulated because they are knowing parties to theft. Lie-ma sucks!...that is all Kickstarter should really start to screen, thoroughly, any and all projects. They seem to have no responsibility to backers, being duped or mislead with questionable projects. How bout this as the first question on the "application" for crowd funding: DO YOU HAVE A WORKING PROTOTYPE? If so, SHOW US! Would be nice to maybe hire some people to give their expertise. New fresh perspectives may do the trick and cut some more delay time. <url>’s usually small bugs, but they’re hard to debug. Some are already solved, but we have to keep digging. And a lot of small bug fixes concerning the mobile UX and the overall app. We’re still working on solving those: ----------------------------------------------- kokobin on May 14 I am sure Seve and his boys and gals would be on here soon - and dazzle (us) the mere mortals with their incredible feats of software engineering and fantastic, virtually superhuman powers of problem solving we can barely imagine. Then announce 2-3 more months of delay while bug-hunting in order to deliver to us a more perfect product. After that, then announce 2-3 more months of delay while bug-hunting in order to deliver to us a more perfect product, etc. When I get this (if I ever get it) I will use it, it will be the most expensive paper-weight I ever bought. I will see it ever day sitting on my desk and it will remind me there are criminals out there that will lie cheat and steal your money every time they get a chance. It will also remind me never to back anything again. Any chance of this working on any platform? Any chance of this working on Yosemite? "I have absolutely *no* trust that whatever device you send me will (a) work and (b) be actually safe to use." <url>"As a last resort, Lima devices that can't find another way to establish a connection will be able to communicate through relay servers in our network." Translation: we don't plan on delivering a product that will work, so we're going to band-aid it with a solution that requires that our company maintain servers for the life of your product, which won't happen. So the real translation is unless you all UPnP, your product will likely not work. A new low in CGC's continual disingenuousness. They select and engineer in a method of access known to be insecure, then claim their product is secure because it is not the insecure gatekeeper they selected. Now that is a revelation. I guess products that rely on WEP are similarly secure because the gaping security flaw lies in the wireless protocol selected rather than the product that requires their use. Last, I encourage you all to have unprotected sex, and eat the brain tissues of other mammals. After all, science has shown that bacteria and viruses are not caused by sex or eating. 80 dollars threw to the waste.... You are the reason i never support a project on kickstarter. Right now on the market are otjer solutions that solve the initial problem... I cant even remember it???? @CGC: Last year in August, you promised delivery in December 2013. This year in August, you promise delivery in December 2014. So it looks that everything you did so far was to bring you now as far in the development process as you stated you were one year ago. I would very much appreciate a comment on this from CGC. @CGC, how does the VPN feature works to ensure that weak UPnP implementations (millions of consumer routers are vulnerable) are protected. <url>"do-not-give-this-guy-a-unit-under-any-circumstance-whatsoever" along with lokiracer and fmotta. @hasanyorukoglu The important thing to know is that they are successfully 1 year behind schedule. The are basically the industry leader in being unable to deliver a product. ..........................................................WOW........................................... They Know MY NAME...... i still don't know when i will get what i payed for a year ago with a Estimated delivery: Apr 2014 and "We started it with the dream to make hard drives as easy to use as they should have been for the past 20 years. After 2 years of development, from hardware to software to web apps, we are nearly ready to launch a product we really think you’ll love. " next year i guess Hey Lima Team, Can you give us a real update regarding when this product will be available, and put it somewhere so people can see it. I read so many comments and still not sure whats going on. Thanks @Merijn You want to be able to access your Lima outside your home? Haha, you're funny. Ya, that's not going to be possible, because Lima/Plug doesn't even exist. Check back in a few months, CGC may have a product by then. @ CGC team: can you explain how you make the Lima accessible from outside my home? / opening ports / how to cope with dynamic ip's / port forwarding.. New by-line: "Lima: The confusion of a project (devices and other deliverables optional)." Back on August 14, 2014, I made the following post to the Update comments, frustrated by the repeated delays with no end in sight: "Are you willing to *guarantee* that backers will have their devices by January1, 2015? If not, would you guarantee them by July 1, 2015? January 1, 2016? Please tell me that you wouldn't have to hedge on 1/1/'16! No response. I would have hoped they would at least have been willing to pick a month in 2015. It appears they are now hedging on 2016. This lack of response now has me thinking seriously of informing my own CCC that CGC has not made good on my preorder. DELIVERY IN WINTER 2014 You will be charged immediately All your details (address, color, plug) will be taken in a second step CLASSIC (second batch): You get one of the first Lima devices, in black. This device will retail for $150 after this Kickstarter campaign. ($10 shipping included) I wonder if it will ever go retail, they aren't doing very well with the backers. Do I see another Kreyos? @all received my fraud claim letter from my bank in today. Currently filling it out but I need as much evidence as possible. I've included what people have already linked me to but I obviously need as more. Can't build a house on weak foundations and all that. Seeing as this page is now private and their meetlima.com page just sweeps the actual problems under the rug, where can I locate more evidence of the more irrefutable kind. I'm on their meetlima.com/backer-dashboard (I haven't checked in in a while) and in keeping with this fiasco on KS, I cannot locate my original question regarding the additional $79 'shipping fee'. I'm thinking they've most likely deleted all the legitimate posts/questions from backers on their own board and replaced them with generic Q&A's like 'what is lima?' @Adrian, I agree. CCC will mostly likely help you get the refund. i just think that they won't take the next step for legal actions or take them to court. We trusted Kickstarter's judgement on the campaigns they approved. @KC, thanks. Good article. @dim3m They do trust me. I've had other projects go bad and my CCC gave me a full refund. They don't want to lose you as a customer or possibly turn others away from their service. They are on your side when it comes to refunds as long as you have reasonable proof and aren't making a crazy claim. I might have to do the same also as it's getting more obvious that the project is failing to meet its deadlines. @dim3m -Kickstarter is headed in the other direction: <url>"hey the beta has been going great, or hey the beta tests are bad." Did CGC put them under an NDA to discuss beta results? Who knows because they can't say their opinion without possibly getting sued. Anyways I hope people do something (which I have) instead of just sit around and let the CGC team dictate the terms of the project, which is 100% against the idea of Crowdfunding. @Nick... That's alright! Everyone is entitled to theit own opinion. I just think that CGC needs to start telling the truth, be honest to their backers who allowed them to persue their Dreams... Give us the real status on Delivery... Show us the system (a system they claimed more than a year ago)... Act like professionals and allow real testing (outside their Friends circle and outside of France)... And perhaps consider a hardware upgrade since we all know that even with the miracles in the world they wouldn't be able to deliver it before late in 2015 at the earliest anyway! Their answer to this so far has been to close the comment section from public view - trying to hide their failure from the world... And censorship is never a good move in an internet-based campaign! If you disagree with this... Fine... That just means that we don't agree on everything (However, I won't find you annoying because of that...) @Henrik actually that was somewhat insensitive sorry lol it's late and I'm in a bad mood. @Henrik you're kind of annoying. Sorry not sorry. I agree. Props to the backers who are waiting patiently. I just wish we can get a good video of them just plugging it in and setting it up and using it. Simple but I guess it send so complex. @Henrik: Thanks for the reply. I agree. @Merijin .. saw wrong - but every other NAS adapter out there apparently IS gigabit (Lima would also be the only device on my home network that maxes out with 100 mbit.... ). When the campaign for Plug (Later Lima) was still running there were high and many discussions on why CGC didn't upgrade both USB-version and especially Ehternet. Back then they claimed it would delay the product too much to switch hardware platform, but considering that they apparently didn't have a single line of working code ready and was forced to delay, followed by a delay, followed by silence, followed by another delay, followed by silence and then lies, then delay after delay... they could have upgraded the hardware platform multiple times since (instead they gave the dying product a repaint .. ).. What I am trying to say is that the hardware world works very fast with short development cycles... CGC was already outdated when they launched their campaign more than a year ago and are still struggling with showing even a simple demo of a semi-working software system. They could easily decide to shift to a new and more relevant hardware platform - they should be coding hardware independent anyway! But of course that would mean actually delivering something to the backers - other than lies and miscommunication, that is! @Henrik: can you provide a link to a NAS adaper with USB 3? @lokiracer... That's only because CGC didn't prioritize the hardware in this case as the company twhose product they are rebatching also has USB3 NAS adapters... And almost every single product in their lineup has 1 gb ethernet - except the cheapo model chosen by CGC! @Merijn You asked what is working and what is not. The media, propaganda part of Lima/Plug is working. The software and hardware are not. @Henrik Lima/Plug will never see USB3 because it's just a rebadge product that they are buying. They haven't done any hardware development. ... And remember that CGC is no longer competing against NAS adaptors as they have all got their software working and are distributing their product. They are also competing against every single NAS producer as they all have the "Luma-unique" functionality similar or Better now. Even NAS products below 100$....and these guys can develop software and add more features - unlike CGC... And they can test their products outside their circle of closet Friends - even without wasting time giving silly code-names to test groups! Funny how all the major NAS producers - led by QNAP and Synology - focuses on USB3...especially on harddisk to harddisk transfer, which will be Lima's primary function (should they ever finish building it and get it distributed)... Let me guess that every NAS producer will be fighting for the chance to pronounce USB4 support... Everyone but CGC of course, who would be happy just to be able to pronounce any sort of semi-functional device to a couple of their closest friends! I've been looking around another NAS adapter and they seem to all have USB 2.0 ports. @CGC: few questions: can you give an update about what is ready and what needs to be done? Is al hardware ready? Is all software ready for bughunting and fine-tuning or are there still parts that need to be written? Since it took a while to get the three Lima's for the first Beta-test group, whats the status on al the other Lima's? Have they all been produced? (Pictures please). What is keeping you busy at the moment? Now the next USB version is in release - meaning that now Lima's old USB is officially two generations behind... Not to start talking about the marvelous decision on Ethernet-bandwidth and CPU/memory! Soon every Chromecast 2.0, Thermostat, Arduino, Raspberry Pi, Electric Toothbrush, Smartwatch and practically every hardware item in your home will be several times more powerful than Lima... And they all have working software - something Lima will never have! So, good choice CGC, to join the IT world with its fast-paced Development cycles and release cycles.... You and your friend-testers have really chosen a Game in which you have no way of keeping - not even talking about being able to deliver an initial version... And thanks for bringing us backers into this limbo with you - instead of just admitting you are way over your head here! Special thanks for your constant outlet of lies and miscommunication - you really understsnd how to keep a thriving community! I'm in London. Just hanging out waiting. Hopefully everything is going okay. As long as they get stuff worked out. It's been a long wait. Lie-ma sucks! That is all... @Toby -Refunds do not put money in Kickstarter's pockets. They are not going to write some mandatory refund rule. It should be a given that if a Kickstarter project is overfunded that any and all users can get refunds on overdue projects. I also backed this one <url>"Kreyos a failure of a company, its launch and the product" is very interesting - a possible fore-bode of things to come for Lima backers? @Sebastian very sorry to hear that your bank is not willing to do anything. Out of interest which bank and which country? I am gathering info. on the pro's and con's of crowd funding and the community nature of both sides of the experience (the good, the bad and the ugly). My bank first mentioned a long gone time window but once I explained the situation they recognised that we have been held on a line regarding delivery dates thus held back from lodging a complaint in the required time window. Very curious if my process will succeed. I would be very interested to see how a fraud complaint proceeds, while CGC seem to be located in Paris the campaign was registered in Newark, DE. how would that play out ? @Christopher - A very good point. I would also add that their marketing content has always (and continues to) misrepresent what the product will do. When they say "everything is in Lima" they make it sound like, well, "everything" is synced when really it is just one set of folders. This too is grounds for a fraud claim. Anyone wanting a refund, take a look at update 4: Instead of delivering a great « first iteration » of our product to 1,000 early-supporters, we want to make sure you all receive a stable and top quality product right away. That’s why we’ve taken the decision to take the necessary months to exhaustively test and improve even more our software. Even if they ship you a Lima it is not the product you backed, they have changed the description after it has closed. Because of this project I am not backing anymore on KS. I want a refund, not the product. If there is no refund this will be the final project I have backed here. And I will tell my friends to stay away from KS. @lokiracer, -eerily familiar for certain. @Sebastian Tell them it was a pre-order. That should change their opinion. @All This document could be CGC and Lima: <url>"no vetting" model means that less people are willing to crowdfund. Good actors like NudeAudio are going to suffer collateral damage. This user's account has been deleted. @KC star man, that's exactly what I was looking for. Thanks for that. @Lorna I was informed that as long as I've provided them with irrefutable evidence (literally a word or two stating the delivery date from the company) then my bank can take action. @all it's sad really as I was looking forward to this especially for something as simple as a hard drive to chromecast projector. Cutting out the middle man (my macbook) seemed a great idea to me. Oh well... @Lorcan I also contacted CGC to ask for delivery date information and they responded that they didn't know "It’s too early for the time being to give you a precise shipping date"- this should probably suffice. I have not heard back from my bank but the refund request is in progress @Merijn -Back then, their vaporware was called "Forget Box" (forgetbox.com) for sending large files outside of email. CGC decided to pair this with off-the-shelf hardware (Wanser-R & Bifferboard) and the python-coded "Plug" campaign was born. Plug gathered so much money, that CGC decided to make a play at the big leagues and used your pledge money to hire developers and rewrite their code; -without telling you or giving you the option to pull out. They also used your pledge to attract equity funding for something larger. This is where their efforts are directed today. @Merijn: "Established" is not a term with any known legal representation that I know of. I think I can say that I was established ~9months before my birth. I think one can say that a company is established the moment someone says "hey! let's start a company" even if it is not more than a candybar in the pocket. Updates 21 and 23 both mention the July shipping date (23 on the Lima blog) @Lorcan Find the update where they state they will ship in July. Send that URL to your bank. Or just ask you bank to look at all the comments here. It will take them 5 seconds to realize what is going on. @CGC This is how you do a beta test......taken from Project Eternity "There are no NDAs for those who are participating in the Backer Beta. If you want to share images, videos, or general feedback on content with the public, we appreciate your thoughts and criticism." @all long time follower of this thread, first time commenter. I've instructed my bank to file for fraud/a charge back from this project that was obviously never fulfilled. I've followed all the instructions on this thread regarding explaining the Kickstarter model, Amazon & all the rest of it. The problem for me is that my bank needs some sort of documentation regarding the revised delivery date. I.e Lima/Plug didn't deliver by December 2013 and promised to deliver at an exact later date. It has to fall within a 120-121 day time frame apparently. Basically I'm not a fraud expert so does anyone here have any proof that they never delivered on their promise/date that I can provide my bank with - other than no actual physical device. Hopefully that all makes sense as having to sift through months and months of this thread sounds like a nightmare. Any help would be greatly appreciated. Cheers Lima established in 2011? <url>"buddy" test something is not called "beta" it is called buddy-test. This happens BEFORE ALPHA. So, with that in mind... you are not in Alpha testing and still have not begun beta. Geeze! It must be a struggle to show some progress and you will want applause for learning that ":wq" saves and exits the Vi session. @KC: Ignorance is bliss? @fmotta -That makes perfect sense. My question is more directed towards those who seem to think asking CGC to "come clean" will have any discernible effect. There is no conscience here, just a bunch of hacks who managed to hit the crowdfund lotto and have been stringing their backers along ever since. @KC: Although it may be too late... Having evidence of some of the opinions related to this project in a location that is available for others who may want to learn about the level of integrity of the CGC team may be valuable. No, I do not think CGC cares. If they did we'd be using a quality product and asking for features that they would add to their NEXT product rather than milking this one out as a life's work. They would be looking at MAKING MONEY rather than spending it playing around. They would have hired skilled personnel and shipped to happy backers rather than alienating them. I learned that for some getting things done and retaining a good reputation is not a priority. I cannot understand that thought process. Those few I know who tried this lacked future prospects in the industry and now have a bridge called "Home" along with many others (and local vermin). Are you at all concerned that your requests are predicated upon CGC having a conscience and caring what you think of them? After all, they have been lying to you every two weeks for 8 months now. I wouldn't expect them to take care of you because you asked... "Thomas is very close to our office geographically. He's also a friend, so we know that we can intervene directly on his computer if there’s a problem." You are kidding, right? So you are developing a product where you required close geographical distance to be able to fix it?! Yeah, that sounds like a great architecture for a "personal cloud"-product. Will this also mean that backers not living in France or in close vicinity shouldn't expect help from you if they experience issues with your product - should you deliver something other than broken promises? "it's the first time we’re using the files of people from outside our company, so we want to be able to react fast if any unexpected problem occurs." hahaha, yeah - because it takes shorter time to drive in car than it does to connect to a device remotely and check the logs.... jesus! "The timeline is very dependent on the result of these tests. While we're in the unknown, promising an end-of-test date is difficult." Basically saying: We won't be able to make anything remotely working this year. Don't expect a product this side of 2018 - don't expect a working product ever! "We’ve already been fixing some small install bugs thanks to Thomas. We'll come back to you when we get significant results." Sure you will... That's what the NDA ensures, isn't it?! Wake up from that weird dream you are having and come back to the limbo you have left your backers in! This project has not been run like ANY professionally managed project I have seen in my ~35 years of Silicon Valley Hardware/Software Engineering experience. There is little progress and almost no information. The "demos" represent nothing that is not ALREADY on the platforms they are shown upon except for the Lima logo (that is a near copy of the Arduino logo). The "technical" information that they have provided is represented as something challenging, yet; they are no greater a challenge than reading the internet for less than an hour and regurgitating it to us (poorly). If my kids (when they were teens) were doing this without my guidance then I believe that they would have done far better. The average developer I know would probably cringe if they were represented as poorly as the project leader has represented this project. The sole challenge I saw that this project really had from its description was "branding" the existing product and shipping it. I felt this project was a way of supporting the crowd funded community and supporting creation of a SIMPLE entry-level product for a team. Sadly, it appears that this entry-level project is far above the skill set of the project team. So, many if not most of the backers seem to feel that this project is a scam and many regret investing even the smallest amount of money/time to it. @CGC: I think that it is time to offer refunds and fire the team, change your names or leave the industry in shame. I do not state such things lightly as I am aware of the need to learn. But, it appears that the best lesson for you to learn is that this is NOT the arena you should attempt to enter. Maybe write some visual basic, .Net, or static HTML as it appears that these may be at or above the extent of your abilities. Start refunding process this week. - User: Perform Set up - Computer: Do you want to set up? (Yes/No/Cancel) - User: yes - Computer: Preparing to set up. Continue (yes/no/cancel) - User: Yes - Computer: Starting set up. Continue (yes/no/cancel) - User: yes - Computer: Starting set up. (yes/no/cancel) - User: yes - Computer: Set up is preparing... Prepared to set up. Continue (yes/no/cancel) - User: yes - Computer: Loading set up... Setting up. Continue (yes/no/cancel) - User: yes - Computer: Set up will install the application onto your system. Continue (yes/no/cancel) - User: yes - Computer: Set up is beginning to install - this will alter your system. Continue (yes/no/cancel) - User: yes - Computer: Set up is now installing onto your system... (cancel) - User: Ctrl-Alt-Del Welcome to Lima - substitute the term "set up" with "Beta". When will this SHIP! All I want for Christmas is Lima.... Is it possible or you guys pushing it back another year? Why is the communication so one sided? My problem is I still believe in a product like Lima. I really hope lima will turn into something real. My doubts about this project are so high at this point I'm researching if BitTorrentSync on a NAS can do the same as Lima described it could / would do. Dear CGC team, please answer the questions in your last update and in the general comment section. Relieve me from my doubt. Next to those questions I would like to know why you chose Thomas Clemenceau as your first betatester. He is a friend and an insider. He tested forgetbox almost two years ago. And why isn't he allowed to communicate about it? I also still believe you are trying to get Lima to the public but are making many mistakes you try to cover up. Stop doing that and show us your cards. I want to understand why you are acting like you do, but I need something. @Lorna : Great advice, sorry that they will never read them, they really need them @CGC : Admit your unprofessionalism and refund us. What you promised when you asked fpr funding and now are completely different, you lied to us and your beta program just scream "SCAM". Yeah. So it seems a "startup" requires more than hip office spaces and chugging on soy lattes. Who would have thought? Quite frankly, snore. This will be the last Kickstarter I fund because frankly, if I get this thing anytime in 2014 and it actually works as hyped, I will be hugely surprised. @creator When it will be shipped? Deadline july past! Any comment without beta testing?! What I find the most irritating is that they had a version of the coding that apparently let them do what they wanted to do before committing to completely re-write the code in another language. why not show us what they had prepared to show that the concept worked.... Again, I urge you to file a chargeback on your credit card. CGC is in the wrong; they are required to offer your money back when the 'agreed upon' date changes. Not only have they NOT done that, they have repeatedly lied about where they are at, and when to expect delivery. CGC, I need a refill on the coolaid please. For anyone keeping score, let me make a few points: - no proof of working hardware - no proof of working software - no proof of a website/control panel - 1 beta tester out of 12,840 backers - 1 year has passed since this was funded - CGC has started making updates private so the world can't see them, only backers We actually have no more information about this product than when we backed it, a year ago. Hey CGC, are you there? a friendly tip - an example - how to connect with your backers, admittedly this campaign has only just started and not in the 'delay' phase yet, but check out their video, communication and contact with their backers . . . Maybe this helps you to understand the contrast ? <url>‘non-friends’ excluded from beta program. - NDA for a beta test of a Kickstarter that should have been delivered last year (don't you trust your friends?) - No current delivery date (yes I checked again last week) - No refund . . . yet (yes also checked - twice) - Repeated requests by more than patient technically aware backers (not buyers we know we are backers) for an end-to-end video of the product working, unedited proof of current status have been ignored. CGC it really appears that you don't read these comments from your backers, given the mismatch between the feedback and your updates. You have ignored most constructive advice offered so far (and believe me there are some backers who really would like to see you get through this in one piece) – While I understand you ignore the increasingly unfriendly comments, it is now getting really painful to witness these ongoing communication mis-steps. Your inexperience is obvious, ok that is Kickstarter, but another part of Kickstarter is the role of backers feedback (which you requested) – so stop ignoring ! PLEASE stop wasting time travelling for ‘Facebook pics’ with your friends, focus fully on this communication disaster. Do you not realise that this adds to increasing mistrust, which you are going to struggle enormously to repair? Why don't you use contemporary media, arrange a live-stream demo !! Your product is ready (isn't it?) Open, honest communication is critical - it is after all only respectful and considerate to your backers. That you are having trouble with your project, ok it can happen, but your communication is the major issue here. If you are ethical, ramp up communication CONSIDERABLY to get this across better . . . if you are actually unethical, which your naive communication sadly suggests, well it will come back to bite you . . . @lokiracer, "be respectful and considerate". [sarcasm]I thank you very much for that piece of information. I never considered that.[/sarcasm] Jeez. "Get it for xmas"... Sure, but xmas 2018! i would sign a NDA today and break it in 5 minutes.. fight the law f$%k the law... on the lime website... "DELIVERY IN WINTER 2014 You will be charged immediately All your details (address, color, plug) will be taken in a second step " so we will get it for xmass CGC's way of acting and communicating smells an awful lot of a wannabe-company that knows something about hardware design, very little about software, almost nothing about project management, estimation and deadlines... And absolutely nothing at all about communication! @lokiracer -I am pretty sure that a good portion of the $1.2m and ALL of the $2.4m Partech investment is going to something other than Lima. This project is very obviously a low priority, "keep them in the dark and feed them bullshit" proposition. They come here every two weeks and move the goalposts just to prevent a general riot and bad press. @ddski Do you have a Plug in hand? If no, then that's why you haven't signed an NDA. @KC Translation: Lima has crowdsourced their development. $1.2M + $2M(was that the VC number) and a year of time wasn't enough for us to do it on our own. We need volunteers to do it for us. I was never asked to sign an NDA. @Merijn & Ikalios, -A partial answer can be inferred from the beta testeR: "...but be sure I’ll be restless to find bugs!" @Ikalios All beta testers were required to sign an NDA. We won't be hearing anything about the Plug from anyone soon. So once again, trawling the internet turned up a photo of a Lima that was not posted here, Kickstarter green no less! <url>"application survey" asking who is using Windows Explorer on their PC was the first giant red flag, but there are others. I think fmotta is right on the money in reading that CGC are a bunch of, well hacks, who suddenly got a pile of money thrown at them and are now trying to make a product they are not qualified to make. So, to rephrase my question: "Why would you take the code of a bunch of know liars with very questionable CS / coding skills and trust the security and integrity of your filesystems to them?" -but you didn't really want an answer, right? So when will we hear from beta testers ? Is it only a way to gain more time ... again Vicente... True this is not Amazon. It is supposedly a place where you can help fund somebody's dream... Now why someone would start that dream by constantly forgetting to keep your funders informed or even lie to them is way beyond my understanding. There is never long from dream to nightmare on Kickstarter, if you forget who gave you a shot at your dream! @KC, So what fascinates you "is whether anyone would actually plug CGC's code into their device and trust it to interact with the file system." ... well, what really fascinates me is why you supported this project if you are not going to use it. As someone has wrote before, this is not a normal store; you put a bet on someone's project that may or may not work... that's all. If you don't want the risk, all you have to do is wait until it arrives to Amazon. Don't worry Merijn, they are filling the fertilizer bag as we speak. Yes, its the last post from cgc in this thread. They stated they would post here more often but I haven't heard anything since. Setting aside whether you got your pledge money back or not, what fascinates me is whether anyone would actually plug CGC's code into their device and trust it to interact with the file system. I can't decide if that level of trust is heartening, or terrifying. Nevermind, I see it's a quote from something CGC posted a while back. @Merijn Why are you posting communications between PierJ and CGC? How did you get those communications? Why didn't PierJ post them? lokiracer - there is a very slim chance that CGC slapped on a non disclosure clause to testers, though no idea how they'd get it to stick >straw clutching, and not defending< @Merijn CGC is full of it. They have plenty of time to post on social media about trips, travels, concerts they attend, and so on. The excuse of "we don't have enough time to post updates" is nothing more than a weak attempt at deflecting. It's the middle of August and still, not a single backer has received a device. Not a single backer has mentioned being in the first beta group. @Merjin: Huh? That comment leaves me completely mystified. "Creator The CGC team on July 24 Thanks PierJ for calling, it was great to hear your feedback. I know it's frustrating that we're not much present on this thread, but we really are on the final line here and we try to stay focused on getting the product ready. We've heard your call though, and we will post on this thread on a more regular basis, while keeping our more global updates every two weeks." Synology is great. Transporter and Owncloud too. Hell, even Dropbox out performs Lima. I enjoying my Synology and à bit upset waiting cloud guys (and girls) 1 year. @Merijn -I understand, but at the end of the week you will get something much better: an enthusiastic, zero-content update! I m tied hearing the same excuse all the time. The shame is less the deadline than the lack of communication. So have a look on kikstarter project and you will see that creator are mutch more respectfull with backer. I m living 4 km from cgc i call them 2 week-end ago. I m thinking they did'nt imagine the project will be so difficult. And they can't do anything. Realy i m thinking that the project is very far to be ready and when it will be an usb2 and 100mb lan will be like à joke. It was a dream... secondly concept is very good but can be duplicate on NAS like synology with real support. I would really like to see a photo of a bunch of Lima's ready for shipment and messages from beta-testers stating they have received a Lima. This week another load of fertilizer is due regarding the -- xx End of July product ship date xx Beta product ship date Beta group naming committee progress. I don't know about the rest of you, but I can't wait to hear about Khartoum group! Oh, you mean Kickstarter is not Amazon Prime? Guys I understand people's frustrations but I've backed many projects, and some have been years late (Instacube) but regardless I've always received my reward and I back knowing fully that the project dates will probably blow out considerably. As many say, this isn't a shop. Kickstarter is most certainly not for instant gratification. It is a platform to support people and smaller businesses create their dreams and in return we get their product at a reduced price. So feel free to yell, say "it's time we all stood up to kickstarter", threaten law suits, sign petitions but it will never ever stop kickstarter and I hope it never does as I've received some great products through kickstarter and will continue to back inventors, designers and dreamers. @Lorna, my credit card company (Chase) had no problem issuing a refund, but did call it "temporary" while they gave CGC a two billing-cycle period to dispute it. In my case, they didn't, and the refund is permanent. Refund process update: Step 1: Standard refusal from CGC - and still no indication of delivery Step 2: No option from Amazon (not within 105 day window) Step 3: Credit Card company has a 30 day window, however . . . after explaining Kickstarter business model, and that there has been a constant communication from CGC giving the impression that product will be delivered, some day in the future, (and also quite important the recent individual communication requesting and being refused a refund), CC is willing to start a process for claiming refund. Seems that it will be something of a precedent . . . a slim chance. Interested to see how this progresses. Far more interesting now than the progress of Lima. Highlighting a major flaw in Kickstarter's model, zero support for backers in cases of dispute, false campaign information or fraud. The very fact that you agree to wait months for delivery rules out most options for refund . . . this risk should be much more clearly addressed, legally. This could catch on as a searchable complaint repository. <url>"funny talk" and laugh a little, this humor is expensive at the least. Lesson learnt I guess? Anyone initiated any action for refunds? Any headway...? Please post so that the rest can learn and follow any level of success on that front in case of a dead-end/dead-beat product. Thanks. It is time to start petitioning our congressmen and senators (in the U.S.) for a congressional investigation of KickStarter. There is a missing body of law with respect to fraudulant entities like KS and Indiegogo and the schemers who they profitably enable and it needs to be filled with teeth. Quick before the Republicans possibly own both houses and any hope of controlling fraud gets lost in their wallets. Please pass this request on to any other project that is dealing with similar fraud. yep, this thread is funny. Where can I buy a copy? @Linoge, Kickstarter sends their regards: <url>"DELIVERY IN WINTER 2014 You will be charged immediately" well there you go a year late ( Estimated delivery: Dec 2013 ) or 8 months ( Estimated delivery: Apr 2014 ) Just in from phasmid via private email. Messages follow the quote: 'Don, please feel free to post this exchange I'd with the misnomered KS 'Support' staff, and feel free to post this message, too. I did not "agree to abide by our Guidelines moving forward" as they actually do not have such a guideline regarding posting of Linkedin info anywhere in their TOS. They made up that bullshit on the fly, in order to protect their 5% interest and Sev's 1.29Million Dollar interest. That was the second time they banned me. After the first, they said they'd reinstate but if there were a next time then it would be a permanent ban. Obviously, they do not keep their word, as they again offered to reinstate me! Ridiculous. Amateurs with way too much VC money and way too much bullshit. Same as Lima, actually. I've already received my full refund. First, I was given a credit for the full amount of my pledge, pending full investigation by my financial institution aka bank. Approximately six weeks later, as expected, I received notice that the refund was permanent and complete. If you're applying for refund, follow the steps I'd laid out months ago and that KC has re-posted in the comments several times. Good fortune to all, except for Sev and crew and KS, too, of course." Phasmid Jun 13 17:55 Did the 'Moderation Team' ever 'take a look' at the mistake made in revoking my ability to comment based on my posted non-personal information? It was you, xxxxx, that sent me two messages regarded the commenting ban, saying it was because I'd posted personal information, yet as I'd twice pointed out to you , I only posted links to Linkedin profiles, which cannot be construed as 'personal information'. You know as well as I do, the purpose of a Linkedin profile is for ~public~ sharing. I did not post any 'personal information'. Never heard back from you after my last response. I take it, you're ignoring me. Typical KS evasion process. <><><><<><>><><><><><><><><><><><><>< Kickstarter Support (Kickstarter) Jun 16 09:34 We take a look at every Moderation report that's sent to us, and respond according to our Guidelines. Unfortunately, I'm not able to comment on specific Moderation actions taken against individuals or projects, but I hope this helps to clarify. <><><><<><>><><><><><><><><><><><><>< Phasmid Jun 16 18:05 No, it doesn't even nearly begin to help to clarify. Again, point me to the specific posts wherein you claim I posted personal information. If you're referring to the post that you deleted, it definitely did ~not~ contain any sort of 'personal information'. One more time: I posted Linkedin links for individuals connected with the Lima fiasco. If you've misconstrued that as 'personal information', I can only deduce that you're acting on behalf of Lima's interest. Are you going to address my question above or continue to obfuscate? Oh, ignoring me is another option. I'm not serving KS' interest, so I expect either obfuscation or ignorance. <><><><<><>><><><><><><><><><><><><>< Kickstarter Support (Kickstarter) Jun 24 12:22 Per our Guidelines, we consider posting links of this nature to be sharing personal information about creators. This is not allowed, and action has been taken against your account accordingly. If you agree to abide by our Guidelines moving forward, let me know and I'll restore those privileges to your account. <><><><<><>><><><><><><><><><><><><>< Phasmid was banned from KS commenting because he posted publicly available information, such as from LinkedIn, about members of the CGC "team." He communicated back and forth over this with KS for several rounds but got fed up with their stonewalling and refusal to even consider his position that what is publicly available is publicly available. They were basically bought off. The miasmic stench around here has become as intolerable as it is unavoidable. Why can't he comment? Too bad phasmid isn't able to comment. Yep, that is the form letter they have replied with to every refund request. Now request a refund from Amazon Payments, which is over 120 days and will also be denied. Next contact your card issuer by phone (yes, phone) and file a chargeback for "non-delivery of goods" against Amazon Payments (in turn, they will interface with CGC.) Make sure the person on the phone with you understands how Kickstarter works. If they don't, ask for a supervisor. You are absolutely entitled to a refund; the merchant has not delivered the product anywhere near the "agreed upon" date, nor have they offered you a choice to continue waiting or get your money back as the dates have changed as they are obligated to do. Once successful, you should get a refund immediately credited to your account, *but* your bank will give the vendor (CGC) two billing cycles to dispute the chargeback. If they don't, the credit becomes permanent. If they do, they will lose and the credit becomes permanent. OK I have requested a refund from LIMA team. This is the reply I received: Hi Ian, I understand that you're disappointed by the fact that we're going to ship a few months after the initial schedule. Unfortunately, we didn't have the choice if we wanted to ship a high-quality risk-free Lima right away. At this stage, your support is really important since it allowed us to make all the required investments. Unfortunately we can't refund your pledge now as, as initially planned, funds were used for production and development process. As stated on Kickstarter, we start shipping the first Limas to beta testers this week. Final shipping will follow gradually as soon as the Lima software is proved to be stable enough to make sure we can provide sufficient support and handle your queries when you receive your Lima. I know you're waiting for a while, but we're almost there and we really want to fulfill our commitment. Thank you again for your patience. Best, Christophe for the Lima Team Yes, time to start thinking about a class action. @Raul: they have yet to demonstrate anything at all that might hint at a product and they don't entertain requests for refunds. What they have shown requires just a modest competency with the internet and its available resources. About your only option for a refund is to petition your C.C. merchant. If they really do have anything it is a well hidden secret so far. What is going on with this project? It's been almost one year since I sent my payment and have not seen anything yet. Can I please an actual shipment date or I will need to request my money back, thanks. Each beta group equals to more delays from group to group. I think it's time for a class action, yes? "Cairo" beta group here...hope it's after Santiago group and my Lima unit ships soon enough :) One more thing, as we talk about progress. Are you engaging app developers to invest into your API similar to what Transporter is doing? After all it would be a pity to put all the effort into the product yet launch so late in the game, that Transporter has become the dominant player due to its integration into apps. Take dropbox as an example (and how they still dominate the document exchange place for apps). Best wishes Malte Dear Lima team, do you already have plans on how to actually do the fulfilment, especially for backers in the EU / Germany? If you use a fulfilment center in the US, I can provide you with some guidance to get your product to customers in Germany at least without tedious hassle at customs / risk of it not being approved by the authorities and send back. That is unless you plan to ship your product after the free trade agreement between the US and EU has been negotiated and signed (though I pray that it won't take you that long to finish Lima ;-) ). Keep up the good work, the updates show really nice progress. Best wishes Malte Is it possible to do a refund? It is coming to one year for this project. Is anyone out there in this "Santiago group"? @Rodolfo we are all aware of that. Are you aware that we haven't seen an actual product or software platform either? Is a creator legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project? Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. (This is what creators see before they launch.) This information can serve as a basis for legal recourse if a creator doesn't fulfill their promises. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. Did you really believe beta testers would be plugging these things in come August 1? Here's a hint; Lima is now on the far back burner for CGC, and their project efforts now consists of spreading fertilizer on you like clockwork every two weeks. All they are trying to do is prevent a stampede for the door. "Santiago-group"? Really?... I hope you don't mind me asking what was the benefit of the last update? Telling us that you are Better at weird test-group code names than actual progress? Nothing concrete about anything... No commitments... No deadlines... No measurable Milestones... No real feedback on your current status or what the Lima can and cannot do currently... In short absolutely nothing! So... Thanks for an update showing Exactly what you wish to share with the crowd that funded your endless endeavour into amateurismn! CGC team please provide an update that shows your schedule for pilot program with beta testers. A simple list of beta tester groups and expected test dates followed by an approximate ship date would be appreciated by all. I do not understand why you continue to be so vague about all of this, you know what everyone wants if you read any of these comments. Quit giving people a reason to leave negative comments and just be honest with a real update for once. �good luck with that Alex Hello Lima Team, I am excited to hear about the progress. I think it is great that you will be sending out function units and that the software is functional enough to be beta tested. For this of us that will not be beta testers, could you please provide us with a video of the Lima and show us what the app and GUI look like? It would be greatly appreciated. Lastly I was hoping you could give us an update as to when you expect to be shipping to the rest of your backers. Much appreciation, Alex beta testers have not started testing yet what a joke and a new delay...so happy :-( Does anyone know how many groups are in this beta program? CGC Team, how many people are in the Santiago group? If I understand correctly, you are shipping to more techy clients (which I suppose the reason here is that they will test it more rigorously and are more committed to feedback?) and once you have heard back (how long is this period?), you will patch and decide to send to the next group or not? and repeat. Someone give Lorenzo a cookie. He earned it. @Louis -owncloud as well. Oops, sorry I meant "Kickstarter is not Amazon Prime" Check out this product from Transporter - www.filetransporter.com. They are delivering what Lima promised. This user's account has been deleted. In a few short hours, it will be the last day of July. Lima sucks...that is all @Erin I've been running two owncloud boxes for a couple months now. No complaints. I use owncloud for remote access to all my stuff and BitTorrent Sync for passing files between family members. "Sorry Lima... But using the excuse that you got more backers than you anticipated is stupid to the extreme. " True. If that was the case, they should have production delays, not being trapped forever in R&D. I hate it when people assume we are this stupid. Johnny about 8 hours ago Erin: that looks better than Lima -------------------- At this point, everything looks better than Lima. Except our empty wallets - if that makes sense. @ Andrew Grimley A year is a long time in the life of a Jedi Knight. I know that is useless information - just like Lima as a technological innovation clearly is. Im having some chocolate cake right now. Better than what lima has to offer. Erin: that looks better than Lima It's been so long that this exists. <url>"late july 2018" :-) @CGC wasn't the ship date "late July?" How's that coming? <url>’re sorry for that. We didn't want to ship a disappointing product because Lima is the project of our lives. And as much as I'm sorry to hurt the brand by being late on shipping, I'd hate it even far more if you were disappointed when you received your Lima. ------------------------------------------------------------ kokobin on May 14 I am sure Seve and his boys and gals would be on here soon - and dazzle (us) the mere mortals with their incredible feats of software engineering and fantastic, virtually superhuman powers of problem solving we can barely imagine. Then announce 2-3 more months of delay while bug-hunting in order to deliver to us a more perfect product. After that, then announce 2-3 more months of delay while bug-hunting in order to deliver to us a more perfect product, etc. Also I agree with Henrik... Lima's whole game is the fact that it DOESN'T store information on Lima servers. If you really have production code in Python before the campaign, there is no excuse a couple modifications would be all you need to be able to send it out to 12,000 backers. At the end of the day, I have a feeling what you actually had was shit and extremely far off the demo you showed us before the campaign ended. When you got 12,000 backers you got scared that we would come after you for an inferior product and decided to actually make what you promised. @Lima If that really was true and I can say for everyone we really wish it was. It still doesn't excuse the fact that you have literally been dodging us....... If you were at CE.... WHY THE ****, would you not tell us?!? Some of us would of liked to have gone to CE.... I would of had gone for sure had I known you were there. Also, surely if you are about to send out beta products you have a 'working' model.... Enough to show us a REAL demo.... I'm talking step by f***ing step! Take Lima and plug it in. Open a computer and start the setup and continue all the way to the sync part. It's not the delays that are pissing us off. It's the lies and dodging we can't stand. @Henrik the Hunter you may have caught wind of the spoor of the elusive but deadly Strategic Consultant. I like your read on the situation @Lorna - Nothing is quite as heady as the mix of competence, elegance, and density of neurotransmitters you display. That was so much more satisfying than my morning coffee. :) @Lorna: Great feedback and good, valid points! I am still hoping out for some real answers on how they could be so terribly off (truthful ones, please) and see a real working demo doing what they said they could do before the campaign was funded. My guess - if I had to make a wild one - is that once they found a real investor (always a good chance at that when you gather more than 12000 backers on what was basically a non-functioning idea) the investor quickly saw that the only real value in Lima/Plug was the potential software - not the hardware which was already at that time getting fairly dated. They then got "asked" to focus on creating the software - rather than deliver what they had promised... and the result is that the product won't be launched until the hardware is vastly outdated and several well-functioning competiting products are on in the market. @The CGC Team Many thanks for your quick response to my comment as well as your (standardised) refusal to refund. I have enjoyed your updates (geeky langauge no issue). Joining your development journey I was more than happy to accept reasonable delay as you clearly hit problems that you didn't expect. I frequently reference ongoing experiences as a Kickstarter backer at conferences and workshops (Business dev in the Internet of Things domain / and Customer Centricity for Innovation). I have to say that I will be following the developments of Lima far more closely now as it turning into a wonderful case study of how difficult and damaging some approaches to engaging with real people can be ... I sincerely hope that you can turn things around, and soon. You have an amazing resource here with your backers, the most valuable being your critics ! (It is therefore critical that you mirror all updates on your website here as well... or here first!). That critics take the time to respond indicates a level of engagement which you may be wishing would go away but it also indicates increasing damage that demands increasing attention - on the verge of exponentially increasing if you really are just starting beta (and launched a Kickstarter with just 1000 backers in mind and failed to inform your backers of the decision to fully redevelop without offering opt-out). I am reading very valid and clearly technically aware comments to your demo's, as well as very well articulated requests for more specific 'proof-of-life'. I have yet to see any meaningful engagement with backers ... now is the time - this is your marketing and your future market at stake. If all is as well developed as you say/show then I recommend you find a better way of getting your most constructive critics to see, believe and ideally even become advocates (again, remember they backed you once). You should perhaps not be the ones to demo anymore, find trusted 3rd parties (backers? hackers?) to test and demo (you are ready to beta so this is an easy step). Demonstrate H/W and S/W and multiple systems, file formats, opening router access for mobile, VPN etc. If needs be fly in (face 2 face, real people, beta testers, respected industy critics) hold an event or gathering, be present at industry event and invite all backers to meet. Film full demo series (one continous from out-of-box, as well as series of short clips that are geared to answer the most pressing questions from your backers/users - don't push what you think people want to know, read comments ask backers and show them what they are asking to see) from plugging-in, synching, accessing, sharing, EVERYTHING plus discussion, critique sessions - create and share list of user-experience comments and requests, share, vote, dialogue, ENGAGE ! Consider live webinaar if you are truly confident of your product, wipe out your critics ! You are about to start beta test, great you are 'almost' there, don't blow it by falling into engineer mode, take note that your product is currently at huge risk of being surpassed by similar (or better/more security aware/more modular) options, with much, much stronger brands. You really need to show why Lima is so much better than Dropbox, beyond local hosting. How is it better or at least equal to Synology Cloud Station? BitTorrentSync ? AeroFS? or the current Kickstarter Wedg (which appears stronger on security). Is Lima safe ? As your future market browses the growing number of choices your Kickstarter trail may well come back to bite you. finally, good luck, you will need it ! Sorry Lima... But using the excuse that you got more backers than you anticipated is stupid to the extreme. We are talking about a set of software for personal use - without any centralized server structure. I hope you do realize that?! Nothing in your software should have changed as a result of getting more backers. I guess what really happened was that you suddenly you sat with a whole lot more money than you had expected and realized that you actually had to deliver a working product... I would have expected no less from a man rockin an Andre the Giant avatar @KC: I get it, I get it! :-) "However, we figured out it was not perfect because that initial prototype was designed for a thousand people and wasn't meant for the masses." "a thousand people???!!!" how/why would you go into a kickstarter project from the get go and not design for a broad range of users? this line of reasoning smells familiar and is even more proof that we've been duped. @Don, Nope, not this time. <url>"I know our project marketing describes a whiz-bang amazeballs product, but the reality was going to be an inferior, hobby-level product. Once you generously threw $1.2 million at us, we decided to use it to better ourselves (and our odds of lucrative acquisition) all the while steadily feeding you manure disguised as delivery dates. Your money did us a tremendous good, and so we have generously decided to give you what we originally advertised rather than the shoddy rubbish we were going to ship." That takes a lot of Gaul. @Lorna +1 You nailed it, Lorna. I would add that CGC spent considerable time and Lima project money positioning themselves, pursuiing and securing equity funding with Partech during this campaign. This only could have slowed this project down through dilution of effort, and now that it is secured both Lima and its backers are largely irrelevant to CGC. This project will probably ship something, sometime, but it will not live up to the marketing hype. Whatever CGC is cooking up with Partech does not have us in mind, and Lima will likely be an orphaned/dead product line without development or meaningful updates. If that makes you salty, you can bet that CGC won't care. This campaign was marked by contemptuous dissembling even before they secured the funding that makes us truly irrelevant. I know this makes me a 'bad guy' for being 'negative.' Sorry. At first I was rather disappointed by the amount of negative comments posted here, it seemed unfair to a team that was clearly doing its best to get their device ready for production (so I thought). Some patience is always good with KS and we are here to support not just 'buy'. However as I now start to realise that the original claims that "we are nearly ready to launch a product we really think you’ll love" and funding was required as "capital to produce a first batch of devices on our own" on which I based my funding seem to have been stretching the truth somewhat. If nearly ready then I would have expected beta testing to have been carried out as soon as the campaign was funded, or at least very shortly afterwards - or come to think of it actually before the campaign if funding was only required for batch production . . . . Given the very poor communication and increasingly unclear (and for me therefore untrustworthy) messaging about the status of this project I have to conclude that if this project ever were to be delivered in the coming year I would no longer trust it on my network or with my data. (I did not opt to beta test also for this reason) I have decided to translate this into an interesting Kickstarter experience - I will follow the refund procedure that has been mentioned below and see how far I get - hopefully not too late for my credit card company and if so then it will be lesson for future campaigns not to be quite so patient (I intend to remain a supporter of Kickstarter). I will also keep an eye on how Lima and CGC progress in future as this campaign seems to be introducing some growing brand damage. Trust and Data are synonymous . . . . I no longer trust Lima or CGC. I also think it is a shame - if Lima does one day turn out to be a legitimate and technically reliable product - that the level of professionalism (or lack of) in the communication and dialogue with backers has clearly not been given as high a priority as the technical development ("don't have more time to answer") - indicates a naive lack of understanding of how to build or destroy a brand. Some of the funding should have been immediately allocated to a more professional communication strategy (emphasis on truth not lies - exclusive insights and honest demos for backers etc.) especially in view of the stretched claims of the campaign. If this company is really serious about ever having a life beyond Kickstarter . . . . (and yes I would have expected a portion of my funding to be used for good communication purposes). . . . I have a very nicely working synology NAS. oh...is that what they said? Seems legit... I get news, they seem to be very busy with final testing. They are sorry for don't have more time to answer and will try to. I was upset but the contact with team was very good and seem honest. $1,229.074 wow I hope you guys had a great time with our money. Shameful. Let us know when you will ship. We are loosing time because this product will probably be like many think i have backed on KS : good campaign, good marketing , and bad product. Or just fare from what we expect. I need a nas/cloud solution, synology will probably be mine in weeks, but i have pay for Lima, i would like to receive it, try it, find it is unusable and buy a real product. Backed 21 project, use 6. I ordered 2 Leap motion and use it 2 times. The creator and team don't say anything don't give real answer it is very disappointing, imagine how they consider someone who pay 1,229,074 box. I have a Transporter, the original one with a disk inside. It works just fine. I have backed LIMA as I liked the idea that it is small, serves the purpose (at least based on what was presented to us during the campaign). Later on Transporter came out with the Sync (I have never considered buying it as I have already backed LIMA having similar features and also because it is still considerably "bulky". At the moment it is impossible for me to compare Sync with LIMA for the simple fact that LIMA does not exists (at least for us backers as we have not received it). We have seen some video updates of some software supposedly working on LIMA. On the other hand Transporter team is continuously updating their software, thus now w/out owning a Sync I can automatically update photos from my phone to Transporter, which is immediately shared with others having access to my Transporter folder. Now LIMA is delayed for 7 months, and I don't really see when (if ever) it will be delivered, it very much seems to me that I have just wasted my time and money with this project. I have backed 63 projects on Kickstarter, from which 2 turned out to be Frauds, many had been delayed by 2-4 months. I'm very much considering not backing any more projects here (unless something really very much catches me). @KC nope This is the end of me and Kickstarter. 4 projects backed, 2 succeeded, 2 were scams (sounband and lima). KS doesn't want to hear about neither does Amazon. I'm out, good luck to the others and sorry for the real projects. @Kamilah -Did you do any graphic design work for CGC/Lima? Yes, transporter happened before Lima, but that particular batch of imagery was for transporter sync which was announced october 29th (<url>"dissembling marked by enthusiastic delivery." someone's got some 'splainin' to do. @PierJ -I do believe that Transporter preceeded any Plug/Lima announcements or KS campaigns <url>#sp=show-clips you snooze you looze. Yeah I also noticed the transporter images right when they came out (well after Lima's campaign). This user's account has been deleted. Woah! I never noticed the marketing picture ripoffs. Who came first? The point is not to say "Transporter Sync Private Cloud is better" is not possible because we still don't have anything to compare or to the dream we had of the perfectly working lima. But the point is to know that a company make a copy of the lima project with better material specification (gigabyte connection) and working software in 8 month than the lima team made in 3 years. Compare the presentation of the product : Transporter : "Add Terabytes of Capacity to Your Mobile Device with No Monthly Fees" <url>"They all have the same size" <url>"tangible and not vaporware" earns all of 3.3 stars in 94 reviews? The first review on my list (47 of 54 found helpful) is for 2 stars and is titled "Not ready for prime time". The details makes it sound like not really muh better than a vaporware Lima. (2) The file transporter link he mentions next? Oh. Wait. Same product. I agree on the use of various terms. But I thought you were more savvy than most - that you know the Lima crew, whether their product is vaporware, or barely-wearable, needs to PR to the lowest common denominator. Even on KS. I own two Drobo products. Nothing much to brag about. They are proprietary (read: lock in), drop off the network frequently, and their front-ends totally suck. A major complaint is how you can't get at their core OS through a command line. I'm certainly not saying Lima is any better - particularly right now :-) - but seriously. Drobo? @PierJ, -Not the same. The transporter refuses to misuse the term "memory," and does not purport to be the "entire file system." Also, it is clearly not analogous because it is tangible and not vaporware. <url>"scam" IMO not because there is no product, but rather because it has been a campaign of deception for a very long time of not from the very start. CGC had consistently misrepresented what Lima is, where it is at in the development cycle and what is being done with your pledge. The way I see it, 13 thousand people generously gave money to a small group of people who have lied and strung them along in return. Call it what you like. sorry, did i just say that out loud? ok...so, it's not a "scam" as-in they weren't trying to con us with a fake product?!? ohhhhhh....ok, so i'll give them the benefit of doubt so they can lie to me without saying anything meaningful and then let them blow sunshine up my a$$ by explaining to me what "compiling" is, or that they visited the US without announcing to backers. at a certain point, self respect kicks in. a rose is a rose, a lie is a lie and a truth untold is the same thing. i can see the lipstick on the pig and the 10 pounds of BS doesn't fit in the 5 pound bag. kudos to those who always find the silver lining. a round of shots to those who can sift through the manure. Lorenzo 1+ At this point, Lima's shenanigans are par for the course on KS Looks like The Oatmeal backed Lima: <url>"This is what they had 14 months ago (video shot on may 3rd 2013) before launching the project on Kickstarter (device name was Plug way back then): <url>" This is what I don't understand. They showed up 14 MONTHS ago a more comprehensive video of Lima then that have now. Was the video they showed completely fake? This is the part I don't get. They either A: 100% lied about everything and actually had zero of it coded. B: Have been doing nothing but investing 100% of their energy on getting more capital instead of completing the KS orders C: Done absolutely nothing and are just spending our money and wasting time D: Somehow took 2 years to go 90% of the way and in 14 months, not only have they not progressed, but it actually looks like they may have re-coded some of their work... Even though they have increased 5x in size in terms of man power. I am honestly extremely curious to why they are in the position they are in. This project was unfortunately the first KickStarter campaign I backed. It has made me reluctant to back any others. I actually paid for two Lima devices. I pretty much accept that I've lost my money and if by some miracle the devices ever arrive I have no desire to ever use them. 14 months ago I had a need for something like this but not anymore. We are not half way through JULY 2014, you said the shipments would go out in JULY, so when are you going to start shipping? Or are we soon to receive yet another update telling us of software delays or better yet another home video showing the team doing great things with the Lima...????? I have a simple question to which I require a simple answer. WHEN WILL WE GET OUR DEVICE DELIVERED ?!?! This user's account has been deleted. Nothing on that new video cannot be done without stuff already made and existing on the platforms shown. No indication of use of Lima and no representation that it done using Lima... the man behind the curtain is Apple. @Lorenzo - Thanks for the laugh, that was comical. 1) The only Lima device shown is unplugged and obviously not doing the work 2) There is no indication that the picture she opens on the workstation is the one taken on the phone (other than the same person and clothing) I don't think they faked it per se, I am just laughing at what an inept demonstration that was. I mean, really...couldn't you take a picture showing both the viewfinder of the phone and the workstation folder open next it so that can see the photo that is taken and the file with the same contents arriving on the workstation? Would that rip a hole in the spacetime continuum or something? Would Lima lose some vapor? Furrfu This user's account has been deleted. Lima sucks! That is all Chase bank gave me mine back no problem. Just sayin. Scratch that, they can only refund from 120 days of the purchase, not the date of shipment. I got my $10 back from shipping, but lost my $59. Thanks CloudGuys, thanks for nothing. If you have Chase bank, they will let you file a claim, even if it's outside of the 120 days. Get your money back people, before it's too late. <url>"Where we’re at. We’ve been working on Lima for over 2 years now. The hardware device you’ve seen on the video is ready for production. It will be manufactured by one of our partners in Shenzen. On the software side, we are in the process of transforming our prototype code into production code. It means running extensive tests on our software, and finishing up our user interface to make sure Lima is stable, beautiful and easy to use. We estimate everything to be ready in six months, which should match the time when we receive our first devices from China. " @Brian, if they keep their current empty promise, they will deliver *beta testing* units in July. If you are not a beta tester, there is zero chance you will receive your Lima this month. @Jim, I'm with you. If they don't deliver by the end of July, I'm taking the steps as described below to get my money back. This is rediculous. Yep, you failed to find someone who understands Kickstarter and the 'pre-paid product' model. If you pay for a custom car from Tesla, which they delay/delay/delay, the correct answer is not "Well you waited too long, guess you are SoL..." A little persistence goes a long way, start with asking "Do you understand how Kickstarter works?" @ty see comments below and ask for supervisor Finally gave up. Tried to get refund through my bank after following other steps and they say I waited to long and can't dispute the charge. Any advice? Okay, so at least we know One cased prototype exists ans there is power running through (light switched on the HD). Now, were does this put us? <url>"pre-paid product was not delivered by due date of April, 2014" The card company (or bank) will ask if you've requested a refund from the merchant, so make sure to request refunds from CGC/Lima first and then from Amazon before filing with the card company or bank. As stated several times here in the comments, make sure your card company or bank representative understands that the payment was taken by Amazon on behalf of Kickstarter and Lima. The refund request is filed against Amazon Payments. The basis of your dispute is non-delivery of goods (December or April agreed upon date based on your pledge). You could also dispute it on the basis of misleading descriptions ('all your files,' 'entire file system,' etc) but the date is more simple and has worked for myself and others Oh and also for everyone's benefit - When I googled up "Lima Kickstarter" as a search term, I find nothing but praise for @CGC in getting their funding from Partech on top of their funding from us backers. I decided to change that. I posted what is actually happening from a backer's perspective (keeping it civil) and added it to as many sites as I could. I encourage you all to do the same. It definitely looks like CGC is not responding to our comments and we all know that KS doesn't really care about us, so here's our chance to do something about it. I have to say - I'm one of those hopefuls (read: naive?) who really thought that CGC can pull off the July Delivery after all this time. After the update - that's it. I'm done. I'm about to order Synology's product - something that actually works. <url>"Hobby project Lima gets overfunded, allowing CGC to make a real play at being a company. CGC's needs eclipse Lima, they shift focus, and KS backers are fed manure on the back-burner." Here it is in detail: 1) Lima is launched with more marketing than technical prowess. Initially it is a small-scale, scripted language solution using off the shelf components, and with a short time frame for delivery. 2) The KS marketing was successful, and suddenly there was real money available. CGC decides to use the money to try to make a real product & company from the excess funding. 3) Tools, office space, staff are acquired to make CGC a real storage company rather than hobbyists putting out a small product. The misinformation & delays begin in earnest. 4) Using the KS funds as a no-strings series A funding, CGC adds expertise and focuses their efforts on developing their IP and securing series B equity funding. This change of focus delays the KS product even more as it has become a sideshow. Empty updates and promises are released on a schedule to modify the backers so that CGC's reputation is not damaged unduly during the search. 5) Equity funding secured through Partech. (remember that Partech did not invest in the product called "Lima", they invested in some aspect of CGC's storage intellectual property they see commercial value in." 6) With equity funding (many strings attached), now in the mix, CGC focuses even less on the sideshow known as Lima and more on developing CGC to the point of getting acquired for the IP and getting themselves and Partech paid. Development on Lima dribbles along, with more empty updates punted out to keep things from boiling over. 7) (future) A Lima product eventually ships, but does not meet the original, overblown marketing. Less than 13k people are affected. CGC rebrands, continues on their way without a care. That's how I see it anyway. Would love to see other perspectives. I guess the whole point of the Lima project was that they received soooo much funding... Had they only received the 69k they asked for they would have folded within 6-8 months - now with nearly 1,25 mill they are going to survive for 5 years - living the same lucid dream... but ending up the same place as they would with their 69k... The main difference is that in this scenario they would still be inside their dream when seven to twenty competitors launch a competiting product. I cannot be any means believe that they have still - closing in on one year after getting funded (Where they according to themselves were pretty close to a finished product, already having a working prototype) they have still to show a working prototype of the software just doing BASIC operation that are central to the promise they made! I really hope living inside this dream was worth it to them... We funded it :) Lima? Never!!!!!!! kokobin on May 14 Thereafter..........hello 2015!!!!! Happy New Year!!!!! Happy New Year!!!!! Happy New Year!!!!! kokobin on May 14 Thereafter, we would be gifted with a pre-Xmas card, announcing 2-3 more months of delay while bug-hunting in order to deliver to us a more perfect product. Posted on July 3, 2014 by Severin Marcombes Hey everyone, Some quick news about Lima’s software development progress and the opening of our beta list. Core development (For those catching us up on the road, you might want to read the previous update first) Gawen just finished the firmware updater and is in the process of testing it. The firmware updater enables you to download the latest version of the Lima software when you install the Lima device, and makes sure we can automatically and seamlessly push Lima software updates to you. Pierre is in the process of optimizing synchronization with the Lima device. In short, he’s rewriting a part of the code so that it uses less RAM, which is important in the memory-constrained environment of the Lima device. Denis is currently finishing up the authentication and pairing protocol that allows Lima devices and user devices to talk securely to one another ----------------------------------------------------------------------- kokobin on May 14 I am sure Seve and his boys and gals would be on here soon - and dazzle (us) the mere mortals with their incredible feats of software engineering and fantastic, virtually superhuman powers of problem solving we can barely imagine. Then announce 2-3 more months of delay while bug-hunting in order to deliver to us a more perfect product. After that, then announce 2-3 more months of delay while bug-hunting in order to deliver to us a more perfect product, etc. I have been reading over the comments, and have been wondering the same thing as everyone else. What is the ship date for the products we have paid for? I understand that you say you are still developing, but does that mean that almost a year ago you didn't have anything actually done? You asked for $69,000 in backing, and you got $1.3 MILLION. I think that with that money you should have been able to do the same thing as you would with the $69k, but faster. What would have happened if you only got the $69k, would those backers ever have seen an actual product? Please provide an update on a timeline for release? @CGC, Thanks for the update. Not exactly all the info I wanted to know but still something to look forward to. I'd appreciate another update when you start sending out beta tester devices. Nuts. I had one dispute against a Kickstarter project work just fine, despite having been funded over a year ago, but apparently my credit card's policy changed and my dispute against Lima failed. That is rather unfortunate. As such, should this mythical device ever actually materialize, which, at this point, would take either an act of god or extraterrestrial intervention, I would like to receive mine... useless though it may be at this point. This is so infuriating. I want to file a lawsuit against them. With venture investing so much into them. They can't disappear or go bankrupt. They would have to fight it. They are purposely with holding information from us. @Taylor, I can think of 12,840 reasons. Any chance I can be removed from getting updates? Not interested in this "product" anymore. Why wouldn't you tell us you were going to be at CE? Surprise surprise. It's July and we can't expect anything from them yet. Still testingbfor God knows how long. This "company" has yet to demonstrate anything that would show it has a product. When might we receive these items. It is July now. Please give us some kind of target date. Thank you @CGC, Update please. @Lorenzo, thanks on the selective sync. On the Dropbox, their argument is mostly economic (Lima is cheaper per GB). Otherwise the only differences being that Lima does some sort of sync TO their equivalent of Dropbox folders for you automatically, and puts pointers to cloud-based (aka non-offline) files into your standard OS user areas. None of this is revolutionary, BTW. The most technically difficult thing about Lima is cutting through the marketing to see what is really is and does. This debate is great and all but they haven't shown us a live working product. I don't get why you guys are arguing what it can do. It's a pipe dream of what they THINK it can do. What they stated is what they hope to achieve, by tricking everyone into funding a project that was just an idea and most likely is STILL an idea. Yet I still get emails asking me for $10 shipping every few weeks for a fictional product. This user's account has been deleted. -and in keeping with my curmudgeonly character. I would like to point out that the repeated use of 'all,' 'everything,' and 'entire file system' by Lima reasonably constitutes grounds for fraud. It is demonstrably not true, but consistently deployed in their official messaging. Setting aside the delays (yes, yes Kickstarter is not Amazon Prime, thank you), you could very easily make the case for a credit card chargeback on that basis alone. @Lorenzo, thanks. My concern with "Everything is in Lima" was what would happen with, say, c:\windows\system32 on a PC. There is no value in syncing that with other devices, especially not phones, Macs, etc. It could only bloat storage requirements and never add value. So, they said "The Lima app replaces the entire file system of your computers...Everything is in Lima" which was not really possible, practical or event desirable. They then describe what they are doing is "merging" cross-platform user hives from various OS'es (thank you for the info, Lorenzo.) The former is contradicted by the latter, but given the complexity of the latter I strongly suspect this also is not accurate or at least abstracted to the point of being misleading. At this point I am pretty sure that what they do is create a genericized user hive within each Lima app and sync selected parts of each OS (the user directories) into the appropriate Lima filing box locally. Each local structure is identical to all others regardless of OS, so it is a trivial thing to manage the data sync and replication cross-platform. That all makes sense from a technical perspective, but: 1) Everything is NOT in Lima, so some people may have pledged under the misunderstanding that it is. 2) Have they addressed selective sync as a feature? What if you want a folder outside the defaults added and synced? This might be good for backup purposes, and again, the project statements may have led to misunderstanding. 3) How is this any different from Dropbox, Box, Syncplicity or any other number of separate-folder based syncing/streaming solutions on the market for years? Other than pricing, the Dropbox difference Lima touts is found here: "There's no dedicated folder where you have to move your files into. All your files are on Lima, from the files on your Desktop to the files in your Movies folder. So you don't need to copy and move your files around anymore : just let them where they always have been, they're already on your other devices." This can be read one of two ways: [Shady Version] - You don't have to move your files into the Lima structure because you already did (same would be true of working out of your Dropbox folders.) "All of your files are on Lima...so you don't need to copy and move your files around anymore" [Likely Version] - The Lima does a local background copy/move from the selected user folders to the genericized Lima folders and replaces the originals with pointers to the Lima file structure. When you access a pointer, it streams the file content from your cloud as if you opened it locally (though presumably with a delay.) Setting aside the 'decentralized VPN,' versioning, and other small bits that seems like it in a nutshell. Lima replaces your native user files with pointers that are synced and kept track of through your Lima apps, and the pointers are used to call a streaming file from the USB home. As for offline access, in the comments a "backer" (who really, really reeks of astroturf) addressed how Lima will work offline: "When you first set up Lima, on your laptop for example, all the files already on the laptop will be marked as available offline, so that nothing will be taken off your laptop...files can be marked as available offline by right clicking and selecting that option from the pop up menu." <url>#comment-4149950 Hope that makes sense. All this info is in this project info, but scattered throughout and difficult to make into a coherent picture. Hey CGC, its July. update time its shipping time...or a new delay time This user's account has been deleted. (Reposting an earlier, unanswered question that I feel is important) Despite what is said here in the FAQ: "The main innovation in Lima is that it manages all of your data for you. Not only the contents of a specific folder. The Lima app replaces the entire file system of your computers...Everything is in Lima" -we know this can't be true, and no one would want it to be. Have they specified what portions of file structures will be copied and synced on a per-OS basis? What a JOKE of a project this is. Raising over $1.2 million and taking forever. Now that I don't want to join their Dashboard thing off line from my Kickstarter account, they claimed that I didn't pay the extra $10. Woke me up at 4:00, piss me off. Claiming I need to pay extra $10, when I did pay the extra $10 before the campaign even ended. Had to visit this project again and get "proof" with my screen shoot that I paid the extra $10 and it showed CGC collected my payment w/ the extra $10. C'mon, $1.2 million collected in U.S dollars already and now trying to get more money??? That's why I don't want to sign up an account on their dashboard. I don't want future junk from them or any future project they have. There is no way in hell I'm backing any if their future projects, hell I give up on backing Kickstarter project since mid 2013 due to the InstaCube nightmare project. While I paid the full monty for Lima, my reasons for staying here are largely in line with Don's. I don't expect everyone to agree with me, and frankly, I would prefer to be wrong and everyone gets a wonderful product that works fabulously and as advertised. However, this project has been throwing red flags for months, and I feel no shame for calling them out. I hope it helps others pull their money out of what looks more and more like an old time bilking with each passing day. If you don't agree, say why. If you are bullish on the project say why. It's a free forum. I laid out my reasons for seeking a chargeback when I began posting, and I've been clear all along what my come-from is. If your just don't want to hear it, don't read the comments. Take responsibility for insulating yourself if that is the state you seek. @Bob Fraser: since you just might be talking about me I need to set the record straight. There are a few tech projects I have joined for a buck when I could see up front that seriously inaccurate or fraudulent claims were being made and I felt I had the technical background to balance the bullshit for the sake of potential marks. This is one of them. It's not about joy, it's about responsibility. I'd be simply remiss if I knew better and said nothing. While the fat lady has yet to sing it certainly seems that my appraisal was correct in each case. I believe that is considered 'behaving badly' by some around here... Hey CGC, its July. We can use an update. @Bob +1 -While I am very interested in what people think of the Lima project, (especially from the near silent supporters of it), I don't care at all what you think of me personally. You seem not to agree with me, which I respect, but at least you have the decency to own your own experience and skip the comments you don't want to read. Maturity is a beautiful thing. @George: +1. Interest on $79 these days isn't very much, less than $1 if it were in my Credit Union account. On one Kickstarter campaign I supported was a continually negative poster who had contributed $1 just so he could make his deprecating comments. I thought what a sad and empty life he must live if that was his chief joy. Not that anyone in this campaign is comparable. Every comment I have read is constructive, insightful and not the least bit petty. Of course, I don't read some comments. @George - Your argument regarding whether I am entitled to post here is specious, but in the sense of fair play I will ask you to calculate: How much Lima owes me in interest for the time they used my money. The principal and interest they owe my bank on the money they still hold. How much remuneration the magicaluniverse bank owes you for the time you spent reading my comments like a stalker. Feel free to comment on this project as much as you like whether your views coincide with my own. I will thank you for the same privilege. As has been said here before: If you find yourself commenting on the commentators instead of the project, you have a trolling problem. KC - if I might comment. On June the 26th you left the following comment on the site "@ozymandias -If you mean getting a refund from Lima, then no. My credit card credited my account the day I filed the chargeback." If I understand that quotation correctly you have received your money back. Effectively, you have removed yourself as a backer of the Lima Project. I believe that you are no longer entitled to leave comments attached to the Lima portion of the Kickstarter site since you are no longer a backer. From my point of view I would appreciate the absence of your comments since they bring nothing of value. By the way, I have looked at your profile and I note that you have left a total of 599 comments on Kickstarter, most of which are negative. If each of those comments took you a minute to compose you have "invested" a total of 9.98 hours commenting on this site and projects. Even if your pay scale is only $15.00/hr you have wasted more than an additional$150.00 of your time leaving your comments. Time to stop throwing "good money after bad" don't you think? @Don -Completely agreed. There are only three potential benefits to being a KS tech backer: 1) Getting it first, 2) Getting it more cheaply, 3) Helping a deserving company launch On 1 and 2, the risks now FAR outweigh the benefits. It is much more prudent to wait for products that are successful in the marketplace and to pay a bit extra (sometimes they are actually cheaper.) On #3, KS is already an attractive site for scammers and snake-oil salesmen, and is about to become much worse. With no effective way to cut through the noise and positively identify 'good' companies, I will decline to give money on the risk that a company is bad. Sad? Cynical? Yes, but it seems the reasonable reaction to the KS as it stands now. @KC: and the more enticing the fraud, the more Kickstarter makes on it. Consider KS tech projects to be toxic from the gitgo. There is just no way to find your way through the now fully sanctioned fraud. KS is a business, they don't care about the backers, their model is to make their 5% commission no matter what. However, I mind you that if they ever get caught up in a civil lawsuit, they may have a very tough time defending themselves if it ever got that far. To me, I am gladdened to see that crowdfunders are demanding more accountability from creators, and by proxy, Kickstarter. The downside is that KS is going to a no-vetting model which means that the onus is EVEN MORE on the crowdfunders to sniff out and stop fraud. Caveat Emptor is the motto of Kickstarter going forward. The infamous iFind battery-free tag. I saw it, read about it and decided it made no sense for me to dip my toes in it from the onset. Glad my scammoradar was right with that one. (twit.tv video becomes relevant at the 10 minute mark) @kokobin -No more KS tech projects for me, it is just too tempting for scammers. To wit, see the iFind project. <url>"delay" to non-existent. Lol. Happy friday. @Awakened -This device relieves you of some cash short term, and then slowly refills the void left with stackable BS followed by exclamation marks. Its been such a long time. Can someone remind me what this thing does again? Funny how the USB cloud storage device called Lima used to be called "Plug." I am sure PogoPlug had nothing to do with the hasty change. @ Eric Fortin i'm sure Coursera will find it hilarious. its funny how the Coursera Android app has the same logo as LIMA. <url>"6 months/December".) When the finish line approached, they "realized" that for Lima to be viable, it had to be rewritten. That is what they have been doing for the last 6 months. So, the timeline goes: 2 years = "almost ready to ship the product! Give us money!" +6 months = "product no good, have to rewrite" +12 months = "product almost where we claimed it was when we asked you for money" I find it amazing that more people don't have a problem with this, and insist on bleating "Kickstaaaaaarter is not Aaaaamazon Prime" I will be calling my credit card company and registering a fraud complaint. These delays are bull shit. Either they underestimated how close they were then they wrote this in the risk section of the kickstarter "We are currently in the process of optimizing our application code to transform it into production-grade software. And we are confident we can do it during the next six months." or they have no product and this is a scam. so there you go ...we all need help sometimes ...and delays on the homepage of this project... "We need your help! Lima is an adventure, and you have more than your place in it. We started it with the dream to make hard drives as easy to use as they should have been for the past 20 years. After 2 years of development, from hardware to software to web apps, we are nearly ready to launch a product we really think you’ll love. But we have a tremendous need for feedback. We also miss capital to produce a first batch of devices on our own. And that’s why we need your help. " It's a testament to the powers of marketing, indoctrination and group-think. I also get tired of the amazon speech crap. I think everyone knows. <url>"promised" as a security device. Not as a security risk. So If my device (iPhone, iPad....) establishes a VPN-Connection to the Lima, everything is done, and everything should work within this VPN-Connection (<url>"security code review" for vulnerabilitys - do you work / code RFC-conform to rely on standards - ... Thanks! @Marius, my card issuer took the details, credited my account, and is giving CGC 60 days to dispute the chargeback. They can dispute it, but the expected delivery date (12/13) has clearly been exceeded in which case they are supposed to offer a refund. CGC's game is to keep parceling out hope to prevent a rush of people asking for refunds, and to sit on the ones that are filed. All in all, they have tons of money now, but they aren't looking to give any back. @Marius This was copied from @Phasmid's post a while back: Step 1 - Contact CGC/Lima via Kickstarter and request a refund. (They will refuse.) Step 2 - Contact Amazon Payments via your Amazon user account and request a refund for that transaction, which should be dated on or about Sept. 9th, 2013. (Amazon will also refuse to refund.) Step 3 - Call your Credit Card company (or the bank for your debit card if you used one) and file a transaction dispute, requesting a refund. Call them, don't try to negotiate it via online. The reason for the refund request: "pre-paid product was not delivered by due date of April, 2014" The card company (or bank) will ask if you've requested a refund from the merchant, so make sure to request refunds from CGC/Lima first and then from Amazon before filing with the card company or bank. As stated several times here in the comments, make sure your card company or bank representive understands that the payment was taken by Amazon on behalf of Kickstarter and Lima. The refund request is filed against Amazon. KC could you give us more details? Did it work with the CC chargeback? @Menno -To date, all requests for refunds have been denied with a form letter. Those of us who find this unacceptable have filed credit card chargebacks. Is there any chance we will get an "out" option and just take a refund ? This is taking way too long, I anticipated a 3 month delay, feared 6 months. Now I just want to get something else that also does what I need it to do. It is crystal clear that you where not nearly finished a year ago, and still need to do a lot of work. This is not what we stepped in for. It was a bait and switch: BAIT: This sexy thing is done, and we just need a bit of money to mfg and ship in December! DECEMBER SWITCH: Wow, we realized that what we sold would not work, so now we will take your money and *build it from scratch!* Wow, first update clearly said that they had some, SOLD ALL THEIR STOCK, and that they would just produce more with delay. And now they didn't even finish the development. Wow, just wow. I wish I wouldn't have reminder that and that I was lied so much. And now they refuse refund. Despite what is said here in the FAQ: "The main innovation in Lima is that it manages all of your data for you. Not only the contents of a specific folder. The Lima app replaces the entire file system of your computers...Everything is in Lima" -we know this can't be true, and no one would want it to be. Have they specified what portions of file structures will be copied and synced on a per-OS basis? @thomas if you even get it at all. Bc of Lima i no longer look for any other projects on kickstarter. Feel ripped off. By the time we get it it will be 2 years after we invested. This sucks. Great update guys - thank you! @Dennis -Loss of vapor pressure. What problems will I encounter when I have UPnP disabled? Well I did NABS and Soundband and now this one. Third times the charm as they say. Likely I will do no more as I need to save money for the carney barkers... cause they promise me I'll win at their booth. I'm kinda sad cause this did look good. Oh well, live and learn. As a half-full guy in general, I am actually glad that Lima inept/manipulative/shady that I pulled out of this project. Setting aside the security lapses inherent in whatever UPnP solution they have come up with, the thought of allowing any code these characters emit to act as an I/O intermediary on top of my file systems is downright scary. Has anyone given any thought to what happens if an app bricks your phone or corrupts your HDDs? @KC true..,,,,,,, the truth dose hurt see you all for thew next update / up-delay @terry -The truth is not welcome here; it harshes people's unfounded hopes. everyone should read the first update on this project.. <url>"We can only provide 2,000 additional devices for the time being. That’s the amount we’ve confirmed with our partners. It’s a temporary batch size, until we confirm we can produce more with our partners. It will be ready to ship by the end of January (one month later than our first batch of devices). @Raid My Pantry this year i hope I'm just wondering when I'll receive mine. I know tech development never goes as plan - but it's been a bit since I've placed the order to receive my first series... @Terry i feel the same, yes they are showing progress, but i keep asking myself, what did they do before kickstarter ? 2 years to develop what ? they didnt have any code ready, and no physical adapter ready either... what i cant get over is this statement on the home page of this project,,,back in August 2013 "After 2 years of development, from hardware to software to web apps, we are nearly ready to launch a product we really think you’ll love. " dose anyone here feel we are been lead up the garden path again...with each update great update, nice progress. not surprising that the software side of things is taking so much effort, glad you are taking the time to get it right. the rolling beta strategy is a smart idea. +1 for the NeXT t-shirt, Denis. :) Great update guys - thank you! As a backer of this project I would really like to see a status update about this project, more specific, about the product. They promised to give an update every two weeks but I haven't seen a real update in a while. They should take us more serious since we provided the funds. The should involve us more in this project and just be plain honest about the timeline. I get more info and even photo's from twitter. That's insane. We are backers, not buyers. So it's not a case of ordering something and waiting til it lands on your table but it's about involvement, about being part of a project, about providing funds because we believe in the product. I still believe the Lima is coming our way. Mainly because of what I see on twitter. But it's getting harder to keep that faith. Well that was an interesting set of trolling. If you have the knowledge and have the coding and EE backgrounds, stop whining and make your own device of this nature. If not, as someone stated to me, Sit down, shut up, and kindly fuck off. Hey Severin, how about instead of posting about how you're going to do something like get on a plane take a trip to the land of great Chinese food which is referred to as food there you just deliver what you presented as a finished product. Instead of travel and blogging like ----if you would like any of your friends to join in on the hurry up and wait journey with the rest of the folks who were promised a magical box that will virtualize your world, by virtualizing your money to be there on screen but not really there, virtualize a box to show up in as a JPG and not as a physical one, and virtualize your hope because the reality is YOU HAVEN'T DELIVERED CRAP! sign up for the award for bad decisions in crowdfunding aka the LIMA . Send me my money & or Device ASAP whether you call it Plug, Lima, or YOURSCREWED...... @fmotta: While I think fraud is too kind a word to describe this situation, I'm an old embedded systems developer too and just wish I had had something like Python for the parts of my designs where it was appropriate (which is a large fraction.) The bulk of the heavy lifting in systems today is done within the underlying APIs. But that's neither here nor there with respect to this shameful show. @KC: <url>"up front" of things - like at project kickoff: "We started it with the dream to make hard drives as easy to use as they should have been for the past 20 years. After 2 years of development, from hardware to software to web apps, we are nearly ready to launch a product we really think you’ll love." Also, please note that on the project page the following was boldfaced: "we are nearly ready". To be fair, I think I'm more in your ballpark for expectations here, and for the most part I remain optimistic of the product and the people behind it. (Not as much anymore about the July release. Why are they so quiet here?) But where we may differ is in the above verbiage - that came from their mouth about a year ago. Proof enough for me! @KC It's okay, man. I'm not nice either. It isn't even on my ToDo list. @fmotta "This project was presented to be a lot further" I tend to disagree (without evidence) , with the exception that they were possibly willing to launch with code written in Python (if I recall) instead of some C language. Scripting should never be planned to be delivered on a small processor. I think the decision to switch to C is good. I think the need to switch (without it already being on the calendar ) is dumb or dishonest. And yes, I do all my prototyping in a scripting language. It is rarely a deliverable. @Casey, I spent most of my working life in analysis, design, coding and resent your comments. Most of us who have commented time and time again are those who are quite aware of what is normally done with a project like this. -in case you still believe the 'guys with a passion' narrative vs. the reality of a slickly operated and marketed startup that used you for capital. <url>"updates." They fleeced us to move their company off the strarting block. Not acceptable to me. Oh: I forgot... I am NOT a web programmer... I am historically a board bring-up/device driver/OS port/tools porting programmer for embedded SoCs like the MIPS/ARM world. Which is a bit more like the coder that should be working on this device. @likoracer: I think there are sites for startups. But, it appears that KS is being used in that manner. I am OK with that if it is stated within the project description at the time I pledge. This project was presented to be a lot further along per the project description. So, regardless of the intent of the creators of this project, I did not back a startup. I backed a stand-alone device as it was represented when I pledged. @Casey I'm a programmer/web developer. There should easily be a site for us to start beta testing by now. @Casey: I believe many if most here are not EE nor coders nor manufacturing Engineers. I only have about 30 years in 3 of those roles and there is a likelihood that some of my products are in use by about 300 million (conservative guestimation based on only one of them). So, sorry if I skew your perceptions. I only held the role of manufacturing engineer on a couple projects until we hired someone else to finish them. So, maybe a point can be made in that case. Casey Allen..I HAVE PLEDGE 79$.Estimated delivery: Dec 2013 .. You, sit down, and shut up, ok..and 12,840 backers have the last update in Jun 4 2014....Please CGC team reply and answer the questions (I will keep posting) :When the LIMA will be ready ,Possible shipments? What were the issues with the LIMA? Bah. Sorry Casey, -that was uncalled for and reflects more on myself than upon you. I am just not a very nice person. Casey has contracted a case of internet superciliousness, leaving him without a sense of self-reflection or irony. It's perfectly fine; every class needs a slow kid. @KC I don't know what's up with Casey. I code, it sounds like you might. Also, I'm stealing that gif. Physician, heal thyself. I enjoy reading all the hateful and demeaning content from Certain backers here. Because I know they are truly trolling to get answers. Here's a nice bit of advice for those who continue to doubt the validity of this project; You are not an electronics engineer, you are not a coder, you are not at an uncertain terms a manufacturer. So, sit down, shut up, and wait for your backer reward. They are trying their hardest so that when it comes out it is not a flop (like many other kick-in-the-teeth-starters). Last thing this group of people want to hear is a select group of trolls bashing their project because it is delayed. You know where that log out button is, feel free to click it when you want to get away. <url>"@lokiracer Our invitation to come and meet us at Futur en Seine is still valid. (<url>’ll show you a demo & you can meet Severin, Amandine and Penelope." So, @lokiracer, did you meet? @Brian Carter, with the lack of updates, you might be half right, LOL! It's only been a month since the last update unless you want to count #22. @Brian, -evil...I like it... @Juan José Zermeño Godínez They canceled the project and gave everyone their money back. Did you not get that memo? They gave me double so maybe they accidentally gave me yours? @Juan José Zermeño Godínez That's what I said last month when I returned to this KS project page. Read up on the comments and decide for yourself. @fmotta -understood. I am strictly speaking of a naming context for the home Lima to be found. A browser is going to want an FDQN or IP address. IP is fine for you and I, but may people will not know it, or have dynamic IPs and not know how to handle it. I suspect that the "web interface of Lima" referenced is simply the device's buil-in control panel function only, and that without apps you don't access your files. I.e. -there is no browser-based file access. Still, as mentioned, Brandon's interpretation of #7 can't be ruled out. im still waiting my lima.... what happened??? @KC: Thanks. I have a couple of devices that "bore a hole through the firewall". They listen on a known port (not a well known port) for the appropriate SSL session traffic and allow authentication and spawn off a separate thread for that session on a separate port. All without the need for a service outside of those provided on the device and the application. They are unlike the PogoPlug, Transporter, iTwin, and several others that require a broker service that is used to get the IP. Yes, they have some challenges for a few firewalls and a couple of odd protocols (in the case of a VPN-like device). And no, dyndns like features are not required by the user either (well I have not provided my dyndns info for them). <url>"You are without access to your Lima client software/apps on a foreign computer and wish to reach your files. *Something* with ID/naming will need to be engaged unless you point a browser at your own firewall IP/port" I am not sure this IS a capability of Lima, but it is a perfectly reasonable read of #7. @Brandon, -I suspect what will go to the wayside is not needing to use a discrete set of folders. If you notice in the demo; that is roughly where they (and Dropbox, etc.) are at developmentally, and this is where Lima would have pushed the envelope technologically. I think you will find that Lima is shipped as a "decentralized Dropbox" in order to get this out of the way and focus on getting acquired by bigger fish. Christophe JOSEPH (Lima) Jun 13 11:23 kokobin kokobin Jun 12, 2014 Report Spam I am fed up with waiting for delivery of my pledge reward. I would like a full refund of my money as soon as possible. ---------- Christophe JOSEPH (Lima) Jun 13 17:38 Hi Kokobin, I'm sorry that you've been disappointed by the fact that we're going to ship a few months after the initial schedule. Unfortunately, we didn't have the choice if we wanted to ship a high-quality risk-free Lima right away. As a backer, we don’t hold you as a classic consumer waiting for a product he ordered. You took part of a great and innovating adventure. Keep in mind that, as a startup company, we are facing issues inherent to the launch of a new production. At this stage, your support is really important since it allowed us to make all the required investments. Unfortunately we can't refund your pledge now as, as initially planned, funds were used for production and development process. Be sure that we’re working hard to deliver you a fully functional product as we promised. We hope that you will forgive us for the delay when discovering your Lima performances. Please tell if there's anything I can do to help from here. Best, Christophe for the Lima Team How many people have actually asked for their money back and not just complained on here about it? My interpretation of update #7: "Lima is private and decentralized" (well that would be obvious as the drive and Lima are in my possession and there are no indications that it will need outside services). "The only thing we manage on our side of the equations are updates of our app and the web interface of Lima." (Well, its good that there is a plan to maintain your website and provide updates. Thanks). I still see no representation of any use case that is dependent on services that are not on the Lima device or applications. American Tech-ese is my and primary spoken language. My second spoken language is broken/grammatically-anomalous English as I often interact with people who have not gotten through the induction process for nominal English. I re-interpret many ways in effort to speculative evaluate the potential for misuse of terms or misrepresentation of intent. Update #7 clearly omits any reference for external services and infers there are none. My interpretation of the last statement of Update #7: "In case of company crash, we’ll do our best to open source at least the most critical parts of our code, so the community continues improving the solution every night." If we have not made any commitments that prevent pushing our contribution to OpenSource and we are not doing something else or some legal requirement asserts that we push it then we will entertain the thought of pushing it. Having worked in a few companies that have made products based on open source that have been each of successful and failure that was what occurred and similar terms of non-commitment were provided when this subject was raised. Just ship a box with a USB port and an ethernet port with the appropriate CPU (ARM7 I think) and buy the code from "hackseagatesattellite.com" and flash it and be done. That product is excellent for most use cases. If the seagate satellite had another USB port where I could attach external USB devices it'd be more than what I need in functionality and essentially what I saw described (shy of the addition of an internal drive) for this project. I use my GoFlex often and would do so more if I could plug a drive in via a USB. " If that is so, then I think the Partech investment will drastically alter the outcome of Lima towards the "good enough" direction, and we may very well get something that gets the job done in a way that requires all the same conventional BS that Dropbox and others require." If that happens, I'll certainly be with you in encouraging legal action. If this turns into "just another NAS" then that 1.2 million should be returned. I'm willing to wait to see how the delivered product actually is, though. Crucifying before the interrogation, to me, seems like burning before you pillage. @Brandon, -Perhaps I am reading too much into CGC's description of 'decentralized,' or simply giving them too much credit (this happened before, -when I sent them money.) Nobody here knows exactly where they are at in their software development efforts, but the indications are that it is early. If that is so, then I think the Partech investment will drastically alter the outcome of Lima towards the "good enough" direction, and we may very well get something that gets the job done in a way that requires all the same conventional BS that Dropbox and others require. I do believe Partech will be pushing CGC to get this project shipped warts and all, and damn the consequences. They can always rebrand, and us 13k backers are a tiny market with little larger relevance. . VCs need to get paid, and they don't get paid for products "in development." They will likely be looking to get CGC's technology to the point where they can sell the IP to a larger storage player. Alternately (less likely) they will go for a real consumer product with traditional mfg and distribution channels behind it. CGC has not behaved ethically here, but they were very smart. They used us to tool up a software development effort that got them VC funding and which will likely result in a nice payday when that bigger sale comes. Then, they disband and form a new start-up and extract another pile of zero-accountability bootstrap money from crowd-funding, (repeat ad infinitum) @Lima Why shouldn't charge-backs been encouraged? please let us know. @LIMA *crickets* sorry, my "half-full" self spoke to soon. well, is 2015-ish too much of a stretch? 2014-ish is a little optimistic. I think we can all agree we need to not have too much hope. why do we need proof? our "rewards" are coming in july. well, july-ish. well, 2014-ish to be exact. @Taylor +1 "We’ve read your comments and understand your concerns. We too are not happy with our product slip date. However, to assume that we are thieves, scam artists and fraudulent because our product will ship later than our original estimated timeframe is a huge leap." No. We are pissed because you show us nothing! If you guys have been actually using your Limas on the train like you said. Then give us a demo of the god damn software! I mean a REAL demo. 1. Download the app 2. Install in on your mac/pc 3. Login 4. Watch your documents appear 5. Change a document on another computer. Those simple five steps would make every person in this thread hold their tongue against you. SHOW US WHAT WE PAID FOR. KC, Yeah, the web interface seems like it would be one of the least-used features to me as well, and I'd be more wary of its security (though I know nearly nothing of security). "In other words, they clumsily said "The only thing we manage are updates to our apps and the embedded Lima plug software." Well, clearly updates have to come from somewhere. I can't think of any way to construe this as a negative. On second reading, I don't think you mean anything derogatory here. " I don't see why you would need (or even want) an intermediary on the web." I think this is because from a non-client machine (your friend's laptop with whom you want to share a few pictures, for example) on some arbitrary network, locating your Lima would be impossible. So the intermediary on the web is just a public static IP for your Lima to register with, and for the non-client machine to query. But to be sure, if the mobile app is truly worth-while, the web interface should be pretty much ignored. But there I go being an optimist again. Interesting. I didn't realize there was a non-client/web interface. Still, I would read that not as you need their servers for the web interface to work but rather getting updates to the web interface of Lima which is on each and every Lima plug web server. In other words, they clumsily said "The only thing we manage are updates to our apps and the embedded Lima plug software." I could easily be wrong on that read, but given that the Lima has a bifferboard brain and a web server, I don't see why you would need (or even want) an intermediary on the web. @KC "The only thing we manage on our side of the equations are updates of our app and the web interface of Lima." The web interface is how you'd access the data on your lima from a strange computer (does not have Lima client installed) somewhere on the internet. Having a web page to go to (so that you don't have to deal with a non-static or non-public IP address of your Lima manually) requires a service that is hosted on stuff you don't own. If fmotta is paranoid about this, he could just install the Lima client on every machine that he wants to have access to his data and disable the web portal. I can't comment on how the special DNS aspects work for the clients finding the servers. I don't see there being a service or server involved in FAQ #7. It seems to say the opposite. Can't speak to subsequent comments though, and I have read elsewhere that Lima describes a 'decentralized' naming context akin to DNS. That would take some servers somewhere. August 6th is slightly More than a month from the September 8th funding date. But yes, I guess that's not the entire period. @fmotta, the FAQ was updated August 6, 2013- less than a month away from full funding. it's possible some did not read this because it was added / modified so late in the funding process. @Fmotta You're really a juice box. Look at the 7th question in the FAQ. It has been there the whole time. It was discussed in the comments. Your ignorance and unwillingness to read isn't their fault or responsibility. @Brandon: Then they have most likely misrepresented this product in their description on the project page. There was no representation of the need for using their servers at all. I cannot see why anyone would choose to rely on an evidently flaky organization for managing a server/service even if it is to broker a point-to-point SSL link. Please, for my edification, can you provide me the source where you found this description of need for more than this device and my local network is needed to access drive(s) attached to this? So, I am about at the end of my tolerance for the repeated disinformation or misrepresentation paired with lack of delivery that this project development team has been providing backers. I am on the verge of taking a more active role in communication about this beyond this forum/site because of it. @fmotta- Also not sure why you were directing that at KC. Also, you're only 85% correct. It was (and hopefully still is) described that in order to access your Lima storage from a web browser on any computer, they would run a server to handle completing the connection. This feature could be disabled if you didn't want to involve any computers that you don't own. @fmotta -I agree, but am not sure why you are addressing that to me. I did not mean to imply that some service would be needed. What I meant was that the Lima product we pledged for is almost certainly not why Partech put up money. They probably want the underlying intellectual property to do more exciting (and lucrative) things in the storage market. CORRECTION: Change: "@KC: I certainly hope that the product that comes from this project (and is my reward) will require some services." to: @KC: I certainly hope that the product that comes from this project (and is my reward) will NOT require some services." (there was no requirement for any off-computer services in the description of this project. So, there should NOT be ANY REQUIREMENT to use it as described. @KC: I certainly hope that the product that comes from this project (and is my reward) will require some services. I do not see any representation of this in the description of this project. So, if we now need more than the device to perform the described functions then they have misrepresented the project/product in its function. There are terms for that that generally have negative legal connotations. Whatever Partech invested in, it is not the Lima product. My guess is that it is some of the back-end voodoo that makes Lima work; Partech bought equity and will help CGC make a more commerically viable product with broader appeal. Because Lima team has not met any commitment till now, I was skeptical about their update. Well partech website does mention them on their website in their portfolio. My worry is that others have moved so much forward in the past year that what lima says it can do doesn't seem worth the money we paid for it.. :( Guys & girls, i'm willing to wait some longer, as long as lima gets delivered and works fine. How about backers' rights? VC's have the right to back out of sour deals. Why can't we? KS cares up until the project is funded, then promptly shakes responsibility once funding is fulfilled. It's in KS's best interest to allow full funding to occur in order to collect their share. If projects fail to meet goals and creators fail to be truthful to backers/investors, then why can't backers/investors pull out? It's just business after all. Nothing personal. I tend to agree. Lima has some IP that is valuable or Partech would not be involved. However, I think their involvement has already directly delayed this project (e.g. "going to China to oversee production"), and I have concerns that their involvement will either cause the KS Lima to be rushed or delayed. You should view the fact that investors were will to pump double the amount of the kickstarter into this project as a sign that there will be a legitimate project & this is not some elaborate scam. Partech Ventures is a legitimate company & to think that they too are somehow being swindled seems hyperbolic. Regardless of where you stand in relation to the project, I think it best for all concerned if comments are directed at aspects of Lima rather than other backers. @Robert Sometimes I'm trying to have actual discussion. And sometimes I just like to antagonize. I'm, I guess, a bipolar troll. @Brandon D, I honestly do not understand why you want to argue so much. You seem to very selective about who you attack. Let's discuss the project, not the investors. Are you truly satisfied after reading their response to all the conversations that have been going on? I am sure you are an intelligent person, even though in your last few comments you have become somewhat unprofessional in your comments. I am sure you have seen comment after comment about communicating to us investors, not so much about the waiting. I posed two questions that are still not answered, yet we hear that our questions all get answered. I want this project to succeed, I purchased additional hardware prior to the original ship date for the very early investors. I would just like to see some of the questions asked here to be answered. How do you install the software, hardware, what does it look like when you submit a file from a phone or my desktop? As for the China production, this unit was suppose to be built upon a previous hardware design, I had no expectations that it would not be ready and if it isn't why isn't "our man in China" taking care of it, must the only one who seems to be able to keep code going, fly to China? There is just so much questionable behavior demonstrated update after update. The bottom line for CGC and you "It's not the waiting, it's the poor communication!" @KC apology accepted. @Brandon -As king of the internets, I apologize for being at fault for the inevitable next delay on this project. What atmosphere do they breathe on your planet? @lokiracer At least you had the knowledge to realize that type of comment can seriously hamper completion of the project, whether or not your claims are true. Please keep your emotions in check. Also, know that few things are ever truly deleted from the internet, at least not immediately. Please don't be that dumb again. Not everything belongs on a public web-board. Do you post photos of your food on facebook? @KC This is another example of the kind of potentially progress-hampering crap I'm talking about. Now there are two exceptions. Can someone please turn off the stupid faucet? You haven't committed any fouls, but you've encouraged two of them. @KC "What I *know* is that Lima will not deliver faster or better if we all sit here in some ovine trance." I'd agree with you with probably the single exception of the juicebox who said he'd sent his lawyer friend after CGC, and that he'd pursue it pro bono. Lawyers don't look at things like this through "pro bono" glasses. Many of them are hurting for work and will use the power of the courts to harass other parties. My point is that if this legalized harassment happens, it is bad for the backers. @Everyone I asked Kickstarter to edit or delete my comment. It involved information that I should not have included in the conversation. Amazing!!! 6 minutes later my question to @Lokiracer reappears!!! No trust in Kickstarter anymore. @Lokiracer, my question to you was deleted. It concerns the comment you made this a couple of hours ago. I asked for confirmation of your comment and then, suddenly, my comment was deleted. @Lokiracer *they* removed your comment which I remember very well. Was your comment truth? If so, then the comments are being watched very closely now. If what you stated is true, I have no trust left for Lima. Please confirm. @lokiracer You have a gift for understatement. @KC Agreed, but that was a minor point in my post. Removing/ignoring it still leaves a lot of issues that Lima refuses to address. @lokiracer & ozymandias, -Brandon is sort of right; VC money does not come without strings. It is not a sucker-ATM like Kickstarter has become. Lima wouldn't be able to give us refunds out of that $2.5 million even if they wanted to (which they don't) @Brandon -Unlike you, I will answer questions about the project. What I *know* is that Lima will not deliver faster or better if we all sit here in some ovine trance. Their disregard for us backers is evident in their pattern of communications, and manifest in their latest one. I mean, -*I* would not have the chutzpah to drop a "we understand your concerns about the delays..." into this comment board where all the vocal complainers are saying "its not the delays, its the communications..." That takes balls. As for whether ringing the church bell helps... -Probably not. I don't think they give a shit about us at all. However, I don't see any reason not to say something when the emperor is strutting around without any clothes on. @brandon d Actually, the stupidest use of those funds may be to give them to the lima team in the first place. That's a lot of money to give to a company with this track record, and nothing to show for progress. I know absence of evidence is not evidence of absence -- but you would think that at some point, they would want to show us *something*.... "Show us one person that has beta tested for you that isn't an employee. You're about to ship, in one month, tens of thousands of devices and you've done no external beta testing?" I'll volunteer to beta test. Hell, I'll even pay lima to ship me the beta device, and sign an NDA about it -- with the exception that I be allowed to post *here* that I received a physical device. As long as I can confirm that I got *something* I will be fine. "We’ve read your comments and understand your concerns. We too are not happy with our product slip date. However, to assume that we are thieves, scam artists and fraudulent because our product will ship later than our original estimated timeframe is a huge leap." The slip is not the problem. The problem is the lack of communication, the lack of evidence of progress, the lack of respect for your backers. Being late is not the problem -- Not showing us what is going is. Asking us to shill for you is. Other article about LIMA. <url>"for the moment" when by their own planning docs (such that they are) they cannot fulfill this date. It's not the delays, it is the lies and disdain of Lima that make me sorry I helped fund them. @Eric -those aren't the production factory at all, those are two shots from the same room where they presumably tested prototypes. That room and it's 15 test stations will not be sufficient to test a production run of Lima units. What is notable in update 15 is the skittles-esque Gantt chart at the bottom. Dated 2/24, the update content talks about unit production with "Gawen is actually still there to monitor the first days of the production...we had a few delays…but we’re still on track" -followed by a Gantt showing them 10 days behind schedule if they had begun producing the Limas that day. Of course, that was over 3 months ago now... Boys, you forget that we have seen a part of the production lane a few months ago. we also saw a few things on update #17 and #15 (February and March) . i know, its nothing we couldnt have faked from random pictures on Google. i could fake a screenshot from a phone anytime... but still, i think they're working hard and we will eventually get something that is worth it. @ddsky -Good answers and thank you. One thing: I understand (not as well as some, but probably better than most) the technical challenges this project faces. If anything, you understate them; they mean to intercept all file operations cross-platform and use some home-brew decentralized VPN to find and write to a USB JBOD across the internet. That is a tall order indeed, and like you, I would rather wait for it to be done right than have something in my hands that exposes data or corrupts file systems. What does piss me off is that I believe Lima *grossly* misrepresented where they were in this process at the start of the project. They pitched needing funds to finish nearly complete software and place it onto existing 3rd party hardware. However, what the reality seems to be is that Lima had the idea and solicited our funds to bootstrap development. Not only is this dishonesty galling, it also creates a real problem for the product. Namely, they started in a hole and would have to rush the development just to get where they claimed to be at start. This goes directly to our shared concern about security and stability, and is almost certainly why no demo of the product is forthcoming. I also feel that the communication of this project has not been poor so much as dishonest. I actually do know quite a bit about startups and VCs, and I assure you that the CEO of Lima has done little else for the last 6 weeks but run around and satisfy the scrutiny required. I do not beleive Severin was overseeing production in China. Similarly, we have been told that several times to expect the Lima product in July. Repeated calls to show the factory, tooling, prototypes, etc. have been met with silence. Deaf ears? Nope, they have nothing to show. In short, the chances of us seeing Lima in July that is not an utter trainwreck is nil. More likely there will be more delays. I do believe that Lima must have something valuable in terms of IP for a venture capitalist firm to fund them, but that is not my lookout. It also poses an additional challenge for this project as the VCs are likely pushing a change in strategy or project in order to get the IP purchased by a bigger fish so everyone gets a payday. That means we are likely to see a rushed/botched stepchild (see concerns above), or we go to the back of the line in terms of priorities. Am I emotional about it? Hardly. I just call em like I see em. How do the Pollyannas rationalize the fact that this far down the road Severin has shown nothing, such as an application demo or even screen shot, to indicate there is a product? @KC, For me (and I would think most people) nothing is black or white. We humans can be more complex than that. My point is that my comments here, however critical, are also measured. I am still bullish on this project. So I'll reply to your questions after one final "technical thing". :-) This project is about something much much larger than a simple Dropbox folder. Think more like a "shared OS" with stubs to all other OSes. It's not simply file storage "over the cloud", it's also about shared applications and their associated data. I have to appreciate how "security" and "data integrity" are two huge concerns for this project. The LAST thing I want it to have my data corrupted and lost. The SECOND TO LAST thing I want is to have my data stolen or hacked. I'm not trying to be a "rah rah" :-) at all, but I'm trying to be considerate about the DR (disaster recovery) processes that MUST be in place for this product. It probably is a huge challenge - one that I would never tackle. On to your questions.... I wish they brought up the VC funding much differently than they did. It hurts my opinion of them and has me wondering what would happen when the inevitable service call is made. That said, VC funding, while not needed for the KS units, is needed for an ongoing enterprise to operate down the road. They now have XX employees and just under $4 million for a hardware/software release. Apple has XXXXX employees and $XX BILLIONS in cash and could wipe them out (or buy them out) if they ever cared. I don't know Severin. (Do you?) I also don't run a startup nor have ever come closed to it. (Have you?) Maybe he can't do two things at once nor be in two paces at one time, but he sure can focus on one thing at a time and then fly to the next place he needs to be. Again, bottom line is that I *really* wish they could get their act together on communication - and the VC announcement *was* a personal affront. But I try to give the guy the benefit of the doubt. I'm disappointed that they added "at the moment" to that sentence. Disappointed and troubled. But since I'm an avowed optimist (who also isn't going to jump off a cliff over US$79) I'll assume, uh, "for the moment" that it was just another item (poor choice of words) in a long line of poor communication skills. I've pretty much given up on hoping to have a Lima in July. That may change if they show some things that clearly address the state of production in June. I'm still hoping for August. And yes, August 2014. :-) I think they will ship the KS units first. As for "fast-track", I'm actually in favor of "doing it right" over "just get it done". I think I've already answered my take on the project and product so far, so I'll leave it to you to deduce (deduct?) my take. Peace. It strikes me that the people who are down on this project largely comment on technical things like features, dates, pictures, UIs, betatesting, etc. and the people who are still high on the Lima project comment on other people rather than the project. Let's hear some thoughts about the project details from those of you still bully on it. What do you think VC funding will do for the KS units vs. whatever follows in the commercial marketplace as a successor? What did you think of Severin running around China to "supervise production" when his time was actually consumed securing VC funding? What do you make of the announcement that "at the moment" they are still aiming for July? If you had to throw a dart at the calendar, when do you think you will have your Lima in hand? Do you think Lima is going to fast-track the KS units to get them out of the way, or put the VC's and their equity stake at the front of the development and production line? What is your take on the project and product so far? @Bob Fraser +1 Robert is right. I really wish to get the device. But their total lack of professionalism and our lack of trust is the problem now. And we asked, we asked a ton, we gave suggestions, we asked questions, not waiting being unsatisfied, asking them "please, show us proof that this isn't vaporware, we'll be happy". They gave nothing and what they show with their actions is that they don't care. Maybe they care but they are clearly not showing it. Now, they plan FOR NOW to ship in July and they will give us pictures IN A COUPLE OF WEEKS. Now I don't now if their vaporware (still is until we get proof) is more real than their words. @Brandon D, I think everyone who has added comments is OK with waiting, waiting is not the issue. The issue is poor and somewhat deceptive communications. Even the last update (if you call the sales pitch an update) states "For the moment, we’re still aiming to start shipping in July." For the moment? What does that mean? I think we all know what it means. I would love to see this project succeed as would almost everyone else, but for me, and others to believe we need to see something like a real software demo, etc. By the way I am still waiting for the answer to my two questions (just not holding my breath)--Project Management Software and Beta Testers. I only predicted a new postcard in a few months not spam to con more dosh from my own friends and relatives too. A good example of communication: Almond+ Touchscreen WiFi Router + Smart home Hub Project. PAST DUE last September 2013, but the creator has continuously posted video and images and stays active on the comment board: <url>"I, the guy on the video, am Tarek Basha. I'm a lawyer and fashion lover, but I couldn't help joining the Lima team to give them a hand with communication. I'm in charge of getting the word out, so everybody can enjoy the product these guys are building. " so communicate with us...tell us what the F£$k is going on .. "We've seen the manufacturing setup." No we haven't. The "this product doesn't exist" comments are about as enlightening as a story from someone who goes to a new fast-food restaurant, orders, pays, and then has to wait 3 extra minutes while the fries cook. And then cries "FRAUD" and claims the food doesn't exist. If you can't handle waiting on something to cook or a product to be developed, you should examine your emotional connection to your decision to support this product. We've seen the manufacturing setup. It's not an issue of patience. I *was* waiting patiently. The issue is that they are asking us to shill for them to our friends and family for the 'extra' units -- when they cannot even get the ones ALREADY PAID FOR delivered. *FRAUD* These guys have just run off with $1,229,074 in money, how can so many projects on KS not deliver. It's hard to comment respectfully and considerate when these guys at Lima are being jerks. It is I, the pom pom guy ;) The last update was also a disappointment for me. I really hoped they would show us some hard- and software, UI and a working product. Since they are planning to ship in a month it should be simple to take some pictures and film the product in action. But they did not. I understand a lot and can cope with delays when investing in a product but I can not understand why they are ignoring the shouts on KS for evidence they are really working on the product. Why are they nog giving us a real status update? Since I still believe the product is real and will send to me in the next two months I can only say their communication directed at the investors, the backers, is below anything I expect from a company. Dear Lima team. Please communicate with us about the product. You owe that to us. Congrats with the extra funding and I wish you success with the development of Lima and putting it on the market. French newspaper article on lefigaro.fr about Lima: <url>"personal affront" when you add it all up: (1) The claims of having spent two year before this KS project started, (2) The lack of anything to show for the last 8 months of work since the project was successfully funded, (3) This deficiency in productivity comes after the funding exceeded their goal by an order of 20. Now, at that point some internal alarms are raised, and sure, one has to wonder who has been the dupe! But when they post their latest update? It comes off as... bragging (seriously, exactly *who* was this "good news" for?). Yeah, sorry, but most anyone could take that as a personal affront. Life's too short to spend much time getting angry over losing US$79 over a product that may still come out and be everything they claim it to be. But it sure has been enjoyable this evening reading through the comments. :-) I moved on months ago. But I'm *still* searching for a solution that I thought Lima could be. Guess I am an old man, but I am patient. I had understood being a Kickstarter backer to be an exercise in optimism and good faith in ideas I thought had merit. Creators provided estimates for time and problems and they were usually very ambitious. The unforeseen happened and continues to happen. The creators are often poor communicators. And if the very worst happens, I have lost well under a $100. I don't think that will happen, but my ego is not on the line if it does. Would it be great to get regular updates? Yes. Have the Lima folks gone well past estimated deadlines and communicated poorly. Yes. Am I one of well over 12,000 backers who are willing to wait for a quality product and who don't wear their emotions on their sleeve as if the months of delay and the poor communication was some personal affront to me? Also yes. CGC: I am hopeful that your product is better than your communication, but I will not call your industry, your ethics, your integrity or your intentions into question because I understand the meaning of the word "estimate." For the vast majority of your backers who are patiently waiting without histrionics and have a life that allows us to bend a little and give others some latitude, keep working on Lima without discouragement to make a quality product and deliver it to us when it is ready (hopefully soon). Some may consider this message a personal reproach for their umbrage, but they are the few. And I am not on the CGC team: my grammar is better. @ Ryan Chambers- thanks. <url>"KICKSTARTER" to "CAVEATEMPTOR" @KC I totally agree. Fun while it lasted? Lima and Pressy had already convinced me to not back any more tech projects here, but with this announcement you can stick a fork in me; I'm done. Even more risk for KS projects. No more for me. Done with this crappy KS system www.techcrunch.com/2014/06/03/kickstarter-simplifies-its-rules-and-lowers-the-barrier-for-project-acceptance/ Suprised, no response yet from the pom-pom squad article on a french tech website : <url>’t spam. This includes link-bombing, promoting a project where it shouldn’t be promoted, sending unsolicited @’s on Twitter, hyping third-party services, and using email lists from outside sources, to name a few. The comment and messaging systems on Kickstarter are here so people can communicate, ask questions, and cheer one another along — not for spam. On the plus side, if Lima pulls this shit with the venture capitalists they will end up flayed and parboiled. You can forget the promises they made to us (as they have), they have new masters now. One email was one too many. It is inappropriate to ask us to try to sell a product you cannot and will not deliver. You should be focused on delivering what you already sold, not selling more. Shipments will start in July? If so, what is the best way to get my shipping address changed? I'll be moving end of June. Thanks. You know, disputing the charge doesn't sound like a terribly idea. Asking me to try and rope friends and family into the same scam that got me seems a bit like salt in the wound. Ozymandias hit the nail on the head. Spamming me to try to convince me to get my family members to provide more money to a corporation that still has not provided the product they promised, and, frankly, shows no indications of providing that product just sealed the deal. I will be filing a dispute with my credit card company. My last dispute with a Kickstarter campaign was successful, and I see no reason why this one would not be either. I have a problem with getting spam email trying to sell Lima devices to me (and my friends and family) before my Backer reward is delivered... @Brandon, you avoided the question. Here is it again in terms more simple: At what point in time is a KS hardware project *obligated* to ship a reward? Is it acceptable to substitute a new estimated shipping date far out in the future and thereby NEVER ship a reward? We both know the answer is "no" so even you, at some point, would agree that a project has not fulfilled its obligations if they never ship a product. The fact that you disagree whether Lima is in that territory *now* does not mean people seeking chargebacks are engaging in fraud. My credit card company was told the truth and were entirely on my side. -and make no mistake, you are engaging in legally defamatory behavior. You may not want to remain as complacent as you seem to be about whether online reputation matters as much as real-life reputation. Sherlybox - a private and shareable cloud on your desk (<url>"abbreviate" as required. Scroll down, not to far from here between @ikalios and @KC: Ikalios 1 day ago Wow, Lokiracer is giving you on a plate the way to regain some trust here. If you miss that boat, you will totally crash into a wall. Phasmid 1 day ago This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. KC 1 day ago @lokiracer, -bring your own network if you can. Not too hard to preconfigure VPNs and routes if you have access to both networks ahead of the demo. Not that I am running short on trust or anything... This is the only forum backers have to voice their opinions- good or bad. If backers of either side need to fear being silenced by KS, or reports by other backers who don't see eye to eye, then that blows a hole into the heart of crowd-funding. Both sides need to be represented and Creators are required to use this forum as a main means of updating KS backers. Backers are not obligated to go to other web venues to get updated on "kickstarter" projects. @KC " Lord help you if you accuse me of committing a crime in a public forum." I'm pretty sure this would be meaningless unless I also doxxed you correctly and convincingly at the same time. As it is, you're just initials and a photoshopped avatar of some dude with long hair and sunglasses that I wouldn't wear. I think I can accuse an intentionally anonymous account with any amount of felonious charge with legal impunity (though KS would probably take down the comment). But I would bet that if the dollar amount justified it, saying that the project missed some sort of "due date" in order to get a refund would be a prosecutable fraud, as the dates are listed explicitly as "estimated delivery". Simply, Estimated Delivery != due date. Long Live the Internet (apparently). /s Lima sucks! That is all @Brandon: Indeed, KS could have been responding to your complaint rather than one from CGC. For shame. For anyone wanting to keep in touch, Plasmid has established the email address <email> for that purpose. He'd appreciate a heads up here first if you intend to. KC, he expressed particular interest in communicating with you and I can attest that private comm with him is anything but a bother. Wow. For my part, delay are fine. But a complete year of delay without realistic explanation isn't professional. We are investors, we don't get a part in the business, we get a preorder. But we are investor and it's not professional to promise us picture, video and just forget about it. And from an investor point of view, vague sentence like "we'll send picture in a couple of weeks" means nothing. Delay of production can happen. But shooting a damn picture, no way you cannot gives a precise date. If your business is managed like this, bankruptcy will come, it's only a question of time. That's why I'm pissed. They had enough propositions and suggestions to make this better, they didn't even care to try. @ Brandon D Nice one :-) I'm not sure if I backed this project for the actual device or the KickDrama comments. I sincerely hope that Phasmid reads these comments and considers what Brandon did on the phone and his comments here slander and libel. Lord help you if you accuse me of committing a crime in a public forum. @Brandon D according to their personal use of twitter, they don't mind "near-infinite time suck" tasks. Your assessment of the situation is faulty. Kickstarter campaigns do have deadlines. This one was December 2013. Additionally, if they are unable to meet their deadlines, they are required by the Terms of Use of Kickstarter to refund the campaign funds. "Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." - <url>"...complain that a kickstarter project that has no deadline..." So by your logic, as long as the project keeps moving their 'estimated shipping' date further and further into the future they are never obligated to deliver a product, right? Phasmid was not encouraging fraud. He encouraged people to ask for chargebacks for products not delivered anywhere near on time. You should be ashamed of yourself. @Don, "CGC has succeeded in getting Phasmid's commenting privileges revoked for posting public information provided by people for their professional purposes." Don't forget the possibility that it was another backer who reported this instead. I agree that LinkedIn profiles are fairly public and should be part of what is considered by backers. But maybe not all do. I do know that I reported Phasmid a few days ago for encouraging credit card fraud. In my mind, calling a credit card company to complain that a kickstarter project that has no deadline and is inherently subject to delay has failed to meet a shipping deadline is totally fraud. And encouraging fraud is probably something kickstarter doesn't want backers to do on its web board. Maybe there are other backers who think some of his other postings were also worth reporting. It doesn't have to come from CGC. >They aren't updating us because they have scammed us. Or maybe they're busy developing and realize that posting here often could easily become a near-infinite time suck. @CGC Your response is laughable. Is your CEO the only person that can demo Lima for me, a backer? Shouldn't your CTO be able to handle that? I'm a web developer by trade, I think I can handle looking at a bootstrapped project. On that note, where's the web interface for this project? If you are shipping in a month, shouldn't the web control panel be pretty much wrapped up? I'd love a chance to beta that for you. Didn't you hire someone to be your boots on the ground in China? Why does the CEO need to fly there? @People saying we don't understand how Kickstarter works - It's not about the delays. I'm OK with delays. Delays with zero really communication is not acceptable. The people running this company have tons of time to post useless nonsense on their twitter feeds, but don't have five minutes to update backers? Nonsense. They aren't updating us because they have scammed us. This is a joke. The production should have been done by now.. It the first week of June. If they are genuine about July shipment the Lima devices should be on their way to the warehouses by now with their firmware installed. So give us proof and show us some genuine interface vids, without all the bs. Or throw the towel. This can't continue any longer, step up or give us our money back. If there is any left.. CGC has succeeded in getting Phasmid's commenting privileges revoked for posting public information provided by people for their professional purposes. This was _not_ private personal information but information provided by the people themselves, primarily via Linkedin and their own web sites, for the purpose of making contact and networking. And, by the way, if you wonder who should be beta testers--there were a number of us who invested from the very beginning (500 very early and early birds). Just ask for volunteers and those of us with a lot of technical background will be glad to help develop this product. @Brandon D--I still hope this project does happen, and within the time they say. But over the last couple of months I have asked a couple of what I think are fair and easy to answer questions. 1. Why are you not using standard Project Management software for development on such a huge project? If they did, all they would have to do is publish the gantt chart once a week. 2. Why do you not let some of us users assist in beta testing? Again something most software companies do such as Google, Microsoft and numerous other companies that would like feed back from real world users. Beta testers know there will be problems with the software and there is no faster way to test it than use beta testers. And surely you will have to admit the updates have been so generic that they are useless. Do you believe for a minute they do not already have lots of photos of every aspect of this project? They have a man in China, but the only one who seems able to keep the project moving forward needs to go to China? Ask yourself if you had this company and you read so many questions day after day, would you not look to one of those people on the payroll who is suppose to answer and have them do something about it? If what we are told is true, they will read THIS message today. Do you think we will see an answer here within the next day or two to questions 1 and 2? So not all of us are complaining about fraud or scams, some of us really just want to know if we should continue to wait or go for another alternative. I respect your loyalty and hope you are correct that this is not a scam or hoax, but rather a poorly run start up. I owned my own business for some 13 years and know this is no way to treat investors. any update on this ? We are getting close to a year on now from funding which is why many are unhappy @Lorenzo -Severin uses My Cloud for that kind of thing. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. If he's in china in 6 days, that means we can get the pictures in 7 days, right ? @Brandon - <url>#comment-6768068 You mistakenly assume that the backers dissatisfied with this project fundamentally misunderstand Kickstarter, or are just impatient. In short, you just constructed a strawman. If you bother to read the complaints and questions, you will know the reasons why. Until then, I recommend you comment on the project rather than commenting on other backers. I'm curious why there's so much threatening and circle-jerking going on by 8 or 10 backers. Most of the Technology area kickstarters (whether they have hardware or solely software) where they're actually doing something new run around 4 to 8 months late. If you need a product with guaranteed specs on a guaranteed schedule, there are places you can go to get that, but Kickstarter isn't that place. The estimates are not deadlines or due-dates. Yes, they owe you a product. And if they didn't care about quality, they would have already shipped you one, and fulfilled their end by sending you a crappy product. I'm actually glad they're not behaving this haphazardly. Also, I'm not part of CGC, but I can't really prove that, just like Phasmid can't prove that he doesn't work for some other storage company. Spoke to an assistant if the California General attorneys office. He asked that we file a complaint thru their website for documentation to gather info on this KS project as well as KS itself. They will review how many complaints are sent in to determine the next steps. So if you live in this state, please do so.. <url>"working day and night " to receive Loki during the time-frame he presented. 2) "@Ian R: Got it! Pics of the complete assembly will be attached to a specific update in a couple of weeks." - that puts us in mid-June, merely days prior to delivery- there is still boxing and shipment prep. How is this coming by July?!?! "Severin will be in China...so he wont be able to receive you..." while you are in town. <url>"I hear the disappointment from some of you, but I can only say that we’re doing our best here and working days and nights on completing the Lima development as quickly as possible. We *are* moving forward. But as fast as we would want to go, our ETA is still July." Taking sky diving trips is not considered working day and night. iCloud Drive vs Lima ?? � <url>"...please be constructive. Sending 12 messages a day on this page is no longer feedback, it's Spam." Hooey. I am quite sure Lima would not ask Phasmid to chill out if he were posting pro-Lima messages with the same frequency. If they want to shut Phasmid and others up, all they need to do is come clean and answer the questions they raise. @CGC- to push 12,840 units by July would mean that the units have been prototyped and are being assembled at the factory. Please post pictures immediately so backers can regain some trust. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. @geovanny- negative, i cannot acknowledge receipt. not a ham, picked it up in boy scouts years ago. QSL? You a ham Ian R? Lima Mike Foxtrot Alpha Oscar! @Ian, Lima Oscar Lima Post comment. Be respectful and considerate... but i gave you my money- whiskey tango foxtrot? This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. @Merjin - Wake up and smell the scam ... or incompetence... call it what you want... The CGC team has done nothing but delay and deliver empty promises. @Phasmid has done nothing but raise the issues. CGC Team hasn't demoed ANYTHING close to a production ready product (software or hardware) - something that is less then two months away from delivery should ALREADY have in place... if you can't see that, then you deserve to have your money squandered... This user's account has been deleted. $1M and they can't afford stable internet access... truly incompetence... <url>"It's the result of a team of engineers working hard for 2 years, to provide you with a powerful and viable solution.Plug creates new usages, that has never been seen in the world of consumer electronics." (CGC/Lima 7/16/2013) Per their own words, this software has been 34 months in development. Raise your hand if you have seen any evidence of "new usages, that has never been seen in the world of consumer electronics." In retrospect, I should have read more of their comments before pledging. It seems pretty clear to me that this was not an honest effort that went off the rails, but rather it has been a snow-job from day one. Well, that or they made some godforsaken French marketroid head of development. "Using these funds for production (in the large sense, I also mean hiring, etc.)" This means nothing and hiring isn't production, production is making the physical device which didn't even start. Production isn't design. Not at all. And "In the large sense"..... never say that again, this kind of phrases kills investors. Please, those sentences that fly around are what that is breaking trust for this product. Be clear, be honest, never make detours like this. We are clients yes, but we are investors too. We surely don't feel like that. Your marketing guy needs to work here ... a lot This user's account has been deleted. I can fly to Paris next week and GoPro my visit to their offices. I have a couple addresses and phone numbers from their various domain registrations. Anyone else interested in meeting me in Paris? This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. That's the same generic message sent by Penelope and whoever supposedly works for them. All they do is cut n paste the same response. @CGC- Please refund my money immediately. Christophe JOSEPH (Lima) May 22 12:35 Hi Ian, I'm sorry that you've been disappointed by the fact that we're going to ship a few months after the initial schedule. Unfortunately, we didn't have the choice if we wanted to ship a high-quality risk-free Lima right away. As you know, backing on Kickstarter is more than ordering a product in a regular store, it's actually about funding a manufacturing process. At this stage, your support is really important since it has allowed us to make all the required investments. Unfortunately we can't refund your pledge now as, as initially planned, we began using these funds for production (in the large sense, I also mean hiring, etc.) and need them to pursue the development process. Please tell if there's anything I can do to help from here. Best, Christophe for the Lima Team I'm pulling out of this one - it feels way too scammy. Any one know to do go about asking for a refund ? �why give them another 48hrs? The 3 month chain of comments or the vague and non informative updates not enough? I'm so close to pulling the trigger and calling my bank about a refund. CGC, this is literally your last chance to convince me (and other backers) that you're not running a scam. You have 48 hours before I make my final decision. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. @Matt, got the email too. But didn't get any certificate error. Meanwhile, they are enjoying an extra bit of money from me since I was incorrectly told to add shipping twice when pledging for two. Hi all, Did anyone else get an email requesting they confirm their backer preferences? It took me to a login page, but my browser tells me there's an issue with the certificate. Not really comfortable giving my login details to these guys without confirmation that it's legit. Seems all the money from this project went into sky diving trips from the looks of their twitter. Questions every backer should have about Lima: "To reduce manufacturing risks, the Lima device hardware is based on the Wanser-R, a commodity device produced by MRT Communications. We've partnered with MRT to change some components of the Wanser-R, so it meets Lima's performance requirements. The firmware, which gives its main functions to the device, is fully reprogrammed." (Lima project homepage) "It's called WANSER-R, and it's produced by MRT Communications, our manufacturng partner. We made the choice to base our solution on this particular hardware because MRT knows how to produce them in quantities for years. It has already been proven. So using it was a good way for us to make sure we would ship on time." (Lima Comments, 7/16/2013) If Lima hardware is using an already available commodity product produced and upgraded by a 3rd party, and Lima is only producing firmware and computer apps: 1) Why isn't MRT "monitoring production" rather than Lima? 2) Why, 9 months later, have there been ZERO pictures of the production line, prototypes, tooling, Q/A stations, etc.? All I see are standard Wanser-R units, lab-bench units, and renders. 3) What is the actual status of hardware production? What are the quality control plans? 4) Since hardware design is not a primary issue in this project, what is the real source of the delay? "The main innovation in Lima is that it manages all of your data for you. Not only the contents of a specific folder. The Lima app replaces the entire file system of your computers. It handles everything: from the pictures in your "My Pictures" folder, to the files on your Desktop. So it really does feel like all your devices have the same memory: you can download something on your Mac, and open it on your PC. Everything is in Lima, and the Lima app makes synchronization invisible to you." (Lima Project FAQ) Why, 9 months into this project: 4) Why have we seen no UI progress that shows "an entire file system" being handled by Lima? 5) Why does the "functionality demo" show a set of synchronizing folders, -ubiquitous functionality already in the marketplace? 6) Per the updates, Lima is approximately 60 days from shipping. Based on what you have *seen* does that seem plausible to you? If these guys spent a tenth of the time they spend on Twitter, updating their backers, we might actually know what in the world is going on. <url>"Kickstarter also mandated that hardware projects could not use realistic product simulations or product renderings that might trick potential backers into believing the creators are further along than they are." This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Could we please have an update CGC Team. I remain somewhat optimistic that you are putting our hard earned dollars to work. I'm sad to report that slowly but surely, I'm starting to lose faith in your project. All the "hype and innovation" of your idea seems to quickly dissipate from my mind, especially because we haven't seen a REAL update in a while. Whatever the stage you are in the project please, report! ☺ I started to back projects with Pebble. And as the time passes, while I backed large scale projects, I observed that the loyalty and respect to the support of backers has decreased. Our hard earned money make no sense for the project creators as I have seen careless prepared updates. Lesson learned after taken several feast to my stomach by Lima (70 dollars) and Zenboxx (148 dollars). And hopefully give up to back kickstarter projects. This user's account has been deleted. Sirs. I need to file a reimbursement claim. Unfortunately I cant wait more time for your product. I need to implement a cloud solutions now. Please let me know how to procede. Thanks This user's account has been deleted. @LH, mine credited me the amount and is giving Amazon 60 days to respond. Credit cards normally require dispute within 60 days of charge... I think we are screwed. This user's account has been deleted. @Tanax -I am not sure, but calling the card issuer would be your first step. Make sure they understand how Kickstarter works (i.e. you are disputing payment to Amazon for non-delivery of product of one of their vendors, CGC) How to go about to request refund if not payed via credit card but rather via bank card (non-credit) instead? Impossible? It's great to see a lot of ass kissing for this mystery product. Since NOBODY has EVER seen the UI/software for it. Keep up the KickDrama! This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Cheers :) @Paul: The colon key is one to the right of the L. :-) @AUDOL Well said. @KC: Well said. @AUDO I find some of the so called "kickdrama' contributions here far more helpful and constructive than cognitively bankrupt cheerleading or repetitious chanting of positive mantras. The comments here are for backers to comments on the project. If you find yourself commenting on the commentors, you ought to look to your own glass house. If we disagree on where this project is at, I don't feel your rights to remain obstinately Pollyannaish trump my own. Oh yeah, very interesting stuff. My reward (April selection) is only getting delayed 2-3 months, the creators update the status of the project every two weeks - but it's probably, most likely a scam. As others have previously stated, the comments section is for constructive and helpful dialogue around the Lima. If you feel lied to and/or betrayed, grab your coat along with your refund and don't let the door hit you on your way out. But droning on about how Kickstarter insures against scammers? That's beyond ridiculous. I won't speak for others, but I believe in this project and the team behind it. If you're upset, message the team or Kickstarter directly. Don't drag your Kickdrama in here. On a related note, the software UI looks very sleek and intuitive, despite the little we've seen of it. Hopefully we'll get to see a proper demo of the fake core in action on both desktop and mobile soon! More than interesting. This is good to know, as it may force Kickstarter to accept some responsibility and liability per every awry transaction/scam Interesting* Interest credit card chargeback info: <url>▻ How is it different from USB drive? MBLOK works with multiple devices simultaneously and wirelessly. Therefore, you never have to plug in the flash drive into the smartphone or tablet to use the content. In addition it works with Android and iOS. MBLOK is the central memory of all of your devices. (<url>’re still working on debugging. To give you an example, one bug we’re tackling right now is a desynchronization that sometimes happens between the Lima app and the TV when using Chromecast. -------------------- Debugging. Entirely predictable. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. The problem with trolls like them is that we keep feeding into it and thus validating their whole mission of trolling. Once we start ignoring them, they will hopefully quiet down. Sure. Keep telling yourself that; it's much easier than thinking. @KC @Don Gateley @kokobin Do you guys just back Kickstarter projects so you can troll the comments? How low our expectations have become... As least all the message is on KS for a change.... They updated. More telling, and more not showing. This user's account has been deleted. Well after all that unfounded patience, I'm joining those disputing the charges. I really don't know whether to be impressed with or incredulous about CGC supporters. Months of silence despite having 'PR' people, virtually zero demonstrable and meaningful progress, etc. And I should say, I really don't think you can say people 'donated' to the project. While it might _appear_ that way, it's really more of an agreement to sell. Fingers crossed Visa understands and gives me my money back. God knows CGC doesn't deserve it and I for one, and yes very uncharitably, wish them nothing but the worst of luck. @Miles, first use the "Contact Me" button at lower right to ask for one from CGC. They will will not grant you one, but you need to give them the option. Then, contact your credit card that was charged via phone and dispute the charge on the grounds that the product was not delivered. You will be disputing the charge to Amazon Payments (not CGC). See Phasmid's 4/22 comment for details. How did you ask for a refund? I cannot find anything to contact CGC directly. Did you get a refund? I use Linus and was hoping for a program that was not the CLI option. This falls very short of what I was expecting. Why I Asked for a Refund I backed a hardware/software tech product last fall which was supposed to ship by Christmas. The project has been delayed, which was expected and not particularly worrisome to me. What does worry me is that 7 months later I have been *told* a great many things about this product, but what I have been shown absolutely nothing by way of progress. The initial project video shows a USB port, an RJ45 port, and a small plastic box to hold them. I was then *told* it would do X, Y, and Z. Subsequent updates have not added one iota to showing how the hardware or software looks, nor how either works. The software, (which is utterly decoupled from project volume or manufacturing issues,) is still sight-unseen. The April 7 "functionality" video shows file systems that syncronize content. Many, many players do this already and what was shown could easily have been a set of Dropbox folders. To the point: Nothing that Lima purports to do that would be considered new or noteworthy has ever been shown, and there is no compelling reason why it hasn't. There has been more than enough time, more than enough interest, and certainly more than enough money. I don't know if CGC is running a scam or not. I think it is more likely that they are young and not particularly good at managing their time and project. They have their funding in-hand and without the motivation of finding capital, or having the VC's after you with whips and tongs, time to market and other TCB gets subsumed in the dot.com pizza-and-pong mentality. In short, I smell vaporware. @Brian Olsen: Eta for backers is July. Any idea when this will be delivered? Cam MacDuff 2 days ago @Paul. I'm with you. They've gone back to the drawing board on the software. They're trying to do seamless file sync across four platforms. That creates multiple dependencies across their core software plus they're delivering a hardware product. ----------------------- Poor CGC team. Working so hard the mind bleeds just to think of the incredible, odds-defying feats of mental arithmetic and $1,000,000+ worth of hard graft our hard-earned money is subjecting their tortured souls and whacked-out bodies to 24 hours a day. Thereafter..........hello 2015!!!!! Happy New Year!!!!! Happy New Year!!!!! Happy New Year!!!!! Thereafter, we would be gifted with a pre-Xmas card, announcing 2-3 more months of delay while bug-hunting in order to deliver to us a more perfect product. I am sure Seve and his boys and gals would be on here soon - and dazzle (us) the mere mortals with their incredible feats of software engineering and fantastic, virtually superhuman powers of problem solving we can barely imagine. Then announce 2-3 more months of delay while bug-hunting in order to deliver to us a more perfect product. After that, then announce 2-3 more months of delay while bug-hunting in order to deliver to us a more perfect product, etc. This user's account has been deleted. @Nik Ska: Your evidence that they've overcome something, anything is what? Wow, so much negative feedback. Chill out, guys. This is Kickstarter AND Real World, you know. The team had some troubles they were able to overcome and that had definitely shifted timeframe for the project. Your over consumeristic way of thinking is just disappointing. Merijn, it's great you can put so much faith in CGC just because they answered a few of your questions via twitter or email. KS is their biggest platform to give out information yet they failed to do so. I have emailed th numerous times here and Facebook and via email and all their responses are "we will update everyone soon, please be patient" well f*ck that. I've been patient. I'm glad you can eat your sandwich and move on, maybe you can toss over some money here and I can sell you my bullshit product called a Lima device that can sync your files across the web. It'll be ready when Lima decides to produce a real product. Can you FUND me and I'll just keep answering your questions with vague responses. Then I'll tell you something happened and I need tk start from scratch again. Wait another year. How about it? Got $69 to spare for my bullshit product? I can except the fact some backers are disappointed but why turn this in a war against Lima? I still believe in this product and donated money to get the company rolling and if they pull it off, get some lima devices rolling my way. The project is delayed, I see that. They communicated about that. They answered my questions here, via email and twitter. I also learned some here see kickstarter different than I do. This is my first support on kickstarter. I have supported thru other platforms before and in real life. I put my money were my mouth is when I believe in a project and if they succeed I sometimes get something in return. Sometimes a project I believe in fails to sprout. I sometimes bet on the wrong horse. Shit happens and new projects are around the corner. I refuse to see KS as a shop where you buy things. If it turns out to be a scam from the start, I'm in line with people asking for refunds. But if it turns out the project grew bigger than they can handle, the technique is the limiting factor or something else that happened along the way, it is what it is. I eat a sandwich and move on. @Charles, -why would they have a problem if you made a purchase a year ago and you have not received what you purchased? That is the crux of the dispute, and it should be helping your case. @KC Glad you were able to get the refund! I am still battling with my credit card company because they are still thinking that the $79 was a "purchase" made a year ago and I had to explain that this is a Kickstarter project, not a normal purchase. I am still trying to get the refund, but if I failed, then I will eat up the cost. BUT, I WILL post my experience with CGC in various forums, Reddit, 4Chan, etc. Hopefully the Internet will pick up the news and they know who is CGC, who is Severin Marcombes (CEO of CGC) and what they have done to the us, the contributor. 3273 other people in my pledge zone should be on here with me asking where the f**k our product is, when we're the latest of all the "estimated deliveries", and it's already 2 weeks past that time. I don't give a shit about your team and where you live - just give us a goddamn update that MEANS SOMETHING and lets us know a REALISTIC timeframe of when we can expect our damn product! Credit card company was a little baffled by the dates (Oct pledge, Dec delivery, Jan charge), but they rolled with it and refunded my money. They have now charged back to Amazon/CGC and have given them a chance to respond. If they do, I will post an update here. lol....Good catch Phasmid. This user's account has been deleted. There are some new apologists and "supporters" here recently that I strongly suspect are astroturfing. What they say flies so hard into the face of logic that it could hardly be anything else. I have been quite on this for a LONG time now. If there is not an update by this friday, I will be filling a claim with my CC. This is BS. Last real update is now 6 weeks old. I guess it's reasonable to ask for another one, with the product in it. Showing us where we are at, how much has been done and what is still keeping you for finishing it and shipping it. And an approximate delivery date. @Robert "And please declare it as a gift and not as merchandise. Your product is a reward for our pledges. And please attach that declaration/invoice at the outside of the package too." That's fraud even for a kickstarter. However, we already paid for shipping so I hope they had a plan. And please don't use UPS, those guys are the worst. $149 Puff! Puuff!! Puuuff!!!!! This project was successfully funded on Sep 8, 2013. ----------------------------------------- Oct 8 2013 Nov 8 2013 Dec 8 2013 Jan 8 2014 Feb 8 2014 Mar 8 2014 Apr 8 2014 May 8 2014 Jun July Aug Sept 8 2014 .......and let us all PRAY it shall come to pass by this date. @ Nick Bentley, "Huge undertaking" you say? These bozos asked for $69,000. Only $69,000 for such a huuuuge undertaking!!!! We collectively bought their fairy dust timeline-to-completion plea for closing funds and months later, the technology landscape, as others have already noted, has changed. There is basically nothing new or ground-breaking in Lima's technology right now, even if you wish to be forever optimistic and believe that they will get the bugs out and deliver as promised. We never knew the real truth about their preparedness and their ability to actually deliver what they promised - and the time it is now taking proves their wilful ineptness. This project is such a huge undertaking. If you guys manage to pull this off, you will be millionaires. I'm surprised a major company hasn't already stepped in and bought you guys. Please use a postal service like USPS and DHL, UPS or the like. And please declare it as a gift and not as merchandise. Your product is a reward for our pledges. And please attach that declaration/invoice at the outside of the package too. Thank you and good luck with production and distribution. Cu, Robert This user's account has been deleted. @Cam - <url>"... both due to delays in manufacturing..." (see 'scapegoat' for details) I've noticed that tech products on kickstarter seem to have the most delays. Maybe the people doing the projects just underestimate the time frames involved with manufacturing their products in Asia. I've received every item I've backed so far excepts for this one and another computer product both due to delays in manufacturing This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. For those curious, I had outstanding luck filing a credit card charge dispute with my company with regards to another Kickstarter project - they promised a certain functionality that I needed, they later said they were not going to include it, and after repeated attempts to try to correct that, I had no recourse but to dispute the charge. Apparently my dispute was enough to kick that particular company back into gear, and they are now, once again, offering that functionality. The charge was over a year old, but USAA is an awesome company and did not have a problem with that. I am honestly considering doing the same in this particular case, but, regardless, Lima and the other project have more than burned me out on Kickstarter. @Cam -Perhaps they found it was unduly impairing the project creators' ability to astroturf and dropped it. What happened to the Kickstarter policy of backers having to use their real identities and real names on here. Is it no longer a requirement? Where's Waldo? More update is all we need. Are the chinese trying to screw us ? Are the first batches produced and you're waiting for the software/other batches ? When you screw up a deadline, you absolutely need to explain to your investors, negotiate a new delay and get to work. Trying to bury the setback under a muted silence is so frustrating for everyone ! Where is Carmen Sandiego? Where is the product??? Where is my money??? Where is anyone with any ethics on this project??? Where is the U.S. District Attorney??? Bottom line is: Where the heck is my device? This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. @Tanax. Not only was that barest glimpse of 'functionality' underwhelming, it also did not show the UI. What was were shown as 'progress' could easily be done with dropbox, rsync or robocopy. As for the delays...they are a secondary issue, but not an irrelevant one. In any technology product development time to market is a PRIMARY consideration; 2nd place gets a set of steak knives. <url>"thought" of course, not "though". I don't think the fact that the project got delayed is the reason people are upset. I'm speaking only for myself, of course, but it was more the fact that when they finally showed a video, demonstrating how Lima works currently, it's functionality we though was done and ready even before the Kickstarter began. They mentioned on their project description they were "almost" done and needed funding for manufacturing costs as well as polishing up the application - from the video it didn't seem they had barely any functionality done except for syncing changes of a single file. There are multiple softwares that already does that! I fear that this delay is making other companies release products that are almost the same but better and from a more experienced company, making this product obsolete. That and the not-so-frequent updates is what's making me very sceptical and I assume others feel the same way. @Cam MacDuff: Well-worded. The Lima team is going to post a new update in the beginning of next week. Lets wait and see what that will tell us. What these guys are undertaking is major product development. It's pretty ambitious. But for just that reason I'm happy to wait and lend them my support. You just have to ask yourself 'if I think these guys are in this for real, then what sort of outcome would they be shooting for?' The only time I've seen a project go off the rails was when the technical issues outstped the the abilities of the project creators and they just didn't know how to tell everyone that they'd been beaten by their lack of experience. Sad, but this is Kickstarter and that's the primary risk we take. Not that there are creators here deliberately out to cheat or mislead. It's also worth remembering that 99 times out of 100 the project creators aren't PR professionals or great communicators. They're just folks with a great idea and a passion to make it happen. I'm curious what any optimism or "support" could be based on. He's shown nothing factual to base it on. He's shown nothing at all except that photos can be shared in real time on the web. Do know how many ways there are to do that? He didn't bother to even attempt to show that something called a Lima was involved. That "demo" shows complete contempt for the backers' intelligence and has fraud written all over it. That was funny as hell, Phasmid. Ha, hilarious video! This user's account has been deleted. @DrJ - <url>"lack[ing] decent reading comprehension skills" Grow up! Maybe it's just semantics, but what you guys are arguing is fundamentally flawed and you are just making yourselves look more ridiculous by personally insulting people and with each extra diatribe that you spout off I am willing to ride out this project, like I have numerous other times for kickstarter delays, along with the other 99% of backers like myself. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. How does any of what you just cut and paste contradict what I just said? Clearly you do not read the TOS of kickstarter DJ. "Is a creator legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project? Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. (This is what creators see before they launch.) This information can serve as a basis for legal recourse if a creator doesn't fulfill their promises. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill." So much immaturity in these comments as well as people who have no idea what kickstarter actually is. @Phasmid "There's no mention in that pledge reward of any possibility of never receiving the product." -There is risk with every project on here, read the kickstarter terms. "Clearly, I paid for a product as per the text of the deal." -Again, read the kickstarter terms. You are not 'paying' for a 'product.' How many times does this need to restated before kickstarter users like you will understand? This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. ignore the spelling typos below. @Gerry - i'm all for supporting a project when their are updates that actually tell us their progress. I've backed quite a few projects and some have been shitty and some are good, but at least they respond, try to correct it and move on. CGC has not given us one update supporting their work. Showing me a picture being beamed to each device doesn't cut it. If they have the working hardware already why not ship it? They haven't given us an explanation about that except run arounds. Software re-coding? if you read their main page they said they have completed that but then decided to scrap the current build and re-code again? Nobody gives a flying crap about tho the team is, everyone is looking for answers when questions are being asked and ignored at the same time. If they ran a more efficient business model then nobody here would be **** about this project. I leave you hear a quote from their main page. "We started it with the dream to make hard drives as easy to use as they should have been for the past 20 years. After 2 years of development, from hardware to software to web apps, we are nearly ready to launch a product we really think you’ll love." so 3 years later they still don't have shit to show for. Gerry, put your money where your mouth is and buy everyones unit that wants a refund if you truly believe in this project. @Gerry - Stop shilling. The way to shut people up here is to deliver info and/or product as promised. Kickstarter is not an ATM for 'visionaries'; this is not 'Nam...there are rules. @Don Out of the 33 projects you have backed (many of which weren't even funded) how many have been delayed and how many have you actually received? @Gerry: do the rules about posting comments speak to commenting on other people's comments? It's called meta-commenting and is as worthless as this meta-comment. Angry people will always be angry. Your are no visionaries. You know no patience. You think you bought a product. You did not. Did you even read the rules about posting comments? Please let CGC work on their vision, that is what you pledged for. We started it with the dream to make hard drives as easy to use as they should have been for the past 20 years. After 2 years of development, from hardware to software to web apps, we are nearly ready to launch a product we really think you’ll love. ---------------------------------------------------- Apparently NOT nearly ready enough. How many more months/years do these *&^% need? Calm down? Sure. Show me the working prototype that was allegedly in hand 9 months ago. Surely the 'victim of our own success' tooling up for bigger volume nonsense doesn't apply. <url>"you-funded-a-project" part. The stipulation of me sending you the funds is for you to give me a working product in return. Following that point, what's most important for us at the moment is to see where you are at with the project. At this moment I don't care who's on your team because I don't even know when the device is being sent through. First it was DEC then APR then now JUL. Will we have another delay? Will you even tell us of that delay? I think right now what's best for the KS community is to band together and do something about this. How about if Lima does not provide proof of shipment by 01JUL we all go and apply for our refunds through our CC companies together? My Fuji S1 camera also does the smoke and mirrors trick when it takes a picture and it can be instantly displayed on any mobile device that already has the associated Fuji Wi-Fi app on it - from my laptop to my android and IOS devices. That is old news. Meanwhile the LibraryBox 2.0 is shipping. LibraryBox v2.0 code is DONE! It has been tough, as I understand it, for the team behind this project to get out all bugs and finally it is all systems go! I can actually hold it in my hands and test it soon. Meanwhile.......Lima remains an elusive will-o'-the-wisp. What self indulgent crap. You have yet to show anything that suggests that you have your own product. Anything. There is no reason at all to believe you do and very much that says you don't even know what you are talking about. What's going on here has me fed up with kickstarter. I will no longer be putting any money into kickstarter again. I am done. Kickstarter needs to handle this not my credit card company. I think what is so frustrating to all of us is the fact that you have never done a project. If you have, you would know that there is excellent software available to do project management. This software allows you to enter milestones based upon tasks. When the gantt chart is displayed everyone can easily see where you are on each milestone, what is done and what needs to be done. I find it difficult to believe, with the large staff you have that no one has told you about Project Management software. It would be a simple matter to print that gantt chart each time and everyone would know exactly where you are. Presently none of us have any idea where you are in the development life cycle, and unfortunately, I think that includes the CGC team! If you are successful, which many of us doubt, you have already tarnished your reputation and it is going to be hard to change that. I guess what I am trying to say is simply this "get your act together, quit trying to defend your poor performance in updating the supporters and do the correct job, God knows you have had enough time to figure out what you are doing wrong and what your backers want to hear" I ask for a refund after the first delay when Western Digital brought out the exact same thing as Lima for less cost. I was told that they would ship soon, and I should go ahead and pay my shipping costs. That was five months ago, and this is getting old. Your product was said to be working, and the money was just for production, now you've backpedaled to the point that people don't trust you, and all you can do is say, 'meh, you signed up for this'? Good luck getting anything else funded, this is a joke. If we funded a project them don't promise a device for ever person that funded you. Who in their right mind would give you free money to find your project without getting something back in return? Not only are you guys crooks you guys are shitty liars. Every two weeks? Lol. You guys are full of shit. Time to get a class action lawsuit going. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. to the CGC team, i still don't like any update you posted, i have to skip first 6 part of you wrote, they are no meaning to me, let's start from the Manufacturing part. like i said before, you are not redesign a hardware, you just put the order to factory and paint the stupid color as Stretch Goals on box. software part, your first ship date was DEC 2013, so the software were ready too, if you do really have that. so, what are you waiting for? we are just buying a product not participation to this campaign, because all your update were Useless crap, we even don't know what's going on to whole project/progress, the whole project is myth to every backers. if you were really doing hardware/software work, there are a lot of thing to share to your backers, but we see nothing from you. let me reminds you again, i don't care about your team members. This user's account has been deleted. "...every two weeks. We try to give you a new ETA..." Not true, but nicely encapsulates the problem. @DrJHolc Agreed, but the situation with Lima warrant our suspicion, given the no updates from the creator and that they now have $1.2 MILLION of our money. Also, there are cases of Kickstarter project where the creator just cancel the project… and your money is gone. See below for a list of FUNDED Kickstarter projects but NEVER FULFILLED: <url>#.U2N-KSiM9J2 The only way this would work is if we did a class action lawsuit against them. If the product gets delayed again. I feel this might need to be the course we take. BTW, the reason I posted this is because ALL of us need to work together to go after CGC if they are not delivering their promise. Credit card dispute MAY NOT work because the charges is old (09/2013) and it's paid to Amazon. So Kickstarter is not responsible and you ended up going after Amazon. All, Kickstarter FAQ website (<url>#faq_41860) stated the following: "Is a creator legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project? Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. (This is what creators see before they launch.) This information can serve as a basis for legal recourse if a creator doesn't fulfill their promises. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill." @Khürt: Except that "With Lima, your devices work as a group. They all contain exactly the same files. Just like if they were one single, unique device." LOL! Is the LIMA basically a consumer packages version of spanned drive technology? <url>"order". Yes, there is a risk that the project goes dead and if the creator responded with good reason, it maybe acceptable. I.e. creator spent the money to buy the supplies but the factory was burned down. However, if the creator is mum of the progress and it smells like a scam, it will be up to US, the backer, to communicate this (Twitter, news site, etc.) so that other won't get scammed again. I am not saying CGC team is a scammer, but their silent has been worrisome. Especially for someone who just got $1.2 million dollar. @KC - please let us know how the dispute goes. I am going to do the same. ANYONE who is unhappy should also do the same - there is a chance that the bank will notice if even just a few people (out of 12,840) submitted the dispute with the same bank, For the CGC team - I am an active Kickstarter user and have funded multiple projects. ALL of the creator of these project responded in timely manner, even with delays. But the CGC team not only has been silent, but giving wishy washy information that, as evidenced by the backers' comments below, is just unacceptable. This user's account has been deleted. hi please ship my perk ASAP. thanks Working on the credit card dispute, will update as it progresses. 3 words for you brandon. Dispute credit card I also asked for a refund several months ago and was denied. I find it odd that I received the below message in early January and still don't have my Lima. Wasn't the revised delivery date the April "2nd batch" date? It's the end of April and we still don't have anything. Saw one update promise May, but I'm not holding my breath. Already seeing competitor products showing up (Western Digital MyCloud for one). Just a shame that a project with $1.2 million in resources can't ship a product. Below is the response I got: Hello Brandon, As you know, backing on Kickstarter is more than ordering a product in a regular store, it's actually about funding a manufacturing process. At this stage, your support is really important since it has allowed us to make all the required investments. Unfortunately we can't refund your pledge now as, as initially planned, we began using these funds for production (in the large sense, I also mean hiring, etc.) and need them to pursue the development process. Please tell if there's anything I can do to help from here, Happy new year, Amandine for the Lima team Asked project for a refund, and was denied. ***When we saw a group of 16 guys...." I think we all can agree that the delay is not what is pissing us off. It's the constant lying about everything.... Telling us the software just needed to be "polished" when in fact it wasn't even started... Lying about receiving the first 6/7 units ago LAST YEAR when they only recently got the manufacturing bugs worked out... Astro turfing... They aren't even from the US... I could go on but the fact that it's delayed means nothing to me... My latest pledge for Plugaway but I am extremely happy with them. They are so open and honest, they reply to EVERYONE's comments and are happy to fully explain the delays. We don't have to ask... We gave them 1.2 million dollars, we are not being unfair to ask for a little transparency.... The most transparency we got was when I was a group of 16 guys in a downtime loft with new phones and MacBooks/iMacs ....... That's where my money went..... The flat screen TV on the wall, not toward my Plug. @Pierre: Awesome! :-) Yeah that's weird. The story of Lima is a weird one anyway. They tried to find money in France and nobody believed in the project here so they left to the US to open a kickstarter campaign and then got back to France with the money to pilot the project from here. They started very optimistic then discovered the software was messy and needed rewrite so they hired a truckload of new guys, then they realized manufacturing in China isn't so easy and lost time there. They are very ill-advised in communication, surely some moronic marketing theoretician thinking putting the word "awesome" in every ad post will be enough to satisfy the investors :D They are bullshitting so much it's painful, even if they put a lot of effort recently to communicate with the truth. You can speak to your clients as if they were morons when you 1) have clients 2) have a product. For now all they have are early adopters and no product, they should therefore act as a starting company struggling to convince rather than as an old-time Zaibatsu trying to bullshit teenagers into buying yet another gimmick :D common guys, its kickstarter hence its meant to be late. Its the same with every project, usually late minimum 3 months or more. The creators usually have no previous experience with product manufacturing and are bound to mess things up. LIMA SUCKS!...that is all @Brandon, I'm on with delays. What I'm not ok with is CGC dodging all the questions being asked and all the non informative and vague updates they have given. If you're ok with these delays then do you want to buy my unit so I can be done with this garbage company jerking around the 1000+ backers? Let me know This user's account has been deleted. KS doesn't deliver tech projects on time. Typical is a 6 to 8 month delay. There's no due date. It is a guess. Please stop acting like your shipment was delayed unjustly. Also, please stop asking people to commit fraud by lying to their credit card company. This user's account has been deleted. @Phasmid thanks, it will be difficult to take my money back, but i want to try it. to anyone who don't like the shouter like me: i was support the team and buy the product at the date CGC gave us in DEC 2013, but the situation changes after they delay to release the PLUG/LIMA whatever he called. we have no chance to say NO. of course, you can wait patiently for your stuff, that's your right. but i have my right to ask refund too. since the PLUG/LIMA was an OEM product, CGC team should shipped it very soon, i just do a quick count, there are total 9947 orders, maybe someone bought two in each order, so they have to make 20000 lima, it's a tiny quantity to produce, what does CGC do?they just repaint the case in hardware part. by the way, there are no bug-free software in the world, windows xp still has bugs after 12 years release. when the project start, CGC told us they have start the LIMA software programming for a long time( maybe it's 2 years), please see the right corner of screen:DEC 2013. it's means the software has ready for release too, i don't understand what cause delay. This user's account has been deleted. @Merijn Bolhuis no, you are wrong, i am just buy a product, the CGC has Recognition the retail product of lima was OEM product, so there is no redesign problem. you can check the 'Hanfree' project on kickstarter, an lawer has successfully sued the project creator, the lawyer/user never think he is 'investing' a project, just buy a product. what!! when did they change to July?I thought it is May. @ shinn: you never made an order. Except maybe when you added a Lima later in the process but as I said, at that time you knew you wouldn't get it before July. I really don"t get the "I want my money back" shouters. You put money in the development of a product you believed in. On realization of that product you shall get a thank you gift. I you wanted to be sure to get the product you should have waited till the final product hits the stores or buy something else. You did not buy a product but supported development. I you paid for an extra Lima that's something else but at that time it was made clear by the Lima team the timeframe changed. i just got the reply from CGC, they can't refund my money back,It is unreasonable. Unfortunately we can't refund your pledge now as, as initially planned, we began using these funds for production (in the large sense, I also mean hiring, etc.) and need them to pursue the development process. i have start step 2 to fill Amazon Payment complaint form, but got a system message with: Important Message Service Disputes cannot be filed after 105 days from the transaction date , transaction date is :8 9 2013 i want my money back. guys, i have enter the first step to refund my two orders(4 lima), according to the rules of amazon payments, first step need to contact seller. and i will start second step to submit a compliant to amazon soon. Can I have my money back? This was supposed to be delivered by December, 2013. This user's account has been deleted. I think it's time to dispute this charge Will the Lima work when connected to a second router, in a standard home setup, where the second router is being used as a wifi range extender almost as a slave to the main router ? This user's account has been deleted. I am not sure if I am interested in requesting a refund just yet, but has anyone successfully accomplished this? The timing has been ridiculous on this project. I backed 4 projects last fall. 1 Delivered on time, one was cancelled by the creator and two have yet to deliver anything(Lima and synergos wallet...) Is this they typical return expectation for supporting these projects? If so, I am done. I was introduced to Kickstarter last fall, thought it was awesome and now-thinking it sucks. This user's account has been deleted. Your BS update in no way alleviates the concern that you don't really have a product. Who cares who you can amass for photos. You know what is needed and your inability to produce that conveys far more information than names and photos. Show something more than a demonstration that the web can be used to share photographs in real time. @Johnny: oh I agree. what I meant was that, with lawyers' fees and all, it's hardly worth it, but I do agree that on principle it is. currently there's a complete failure of consideration and unjust enrichment of both CGC and kickstarter. it's rather revolting. not that, of course, kickstarter -- or dear CGC -- gives two hoots. @stephanie even if people did sue, it would be based on principle. $69 might not be a lot but for some ppl it is. If KS projects like these launch all over and ppl are getting shafted, KS and the creator still stands to make a profit and walk away with your money. From a legal standpoint, KS does not do enough to police the creators and could be held accountable in any class action lawsuit. @AquaTse: on what grounds? Any one could tell me how I can get the refund? If you bought additional units those are likely an agreement to sell, not an actual sale since the product is not ready yet. It's a pre-sale if you will. I have to say I'm personally deeply regretting this. It's just another Kickstarter project that will become obsolete before it even ships because of terrible, terrible mismanagement. Frankly the CGC team is just lucky this is hardly worth suing over, otherwise I sure as heck would. Thinking about this some more, I think that it's pretty understood by anyone with Lima dashboard access that buying additional units is not going to be fulfilled until the project is ready to ship them, so it'd be a little officious to cry foal because it wasn't yet available. It was bought with this being understood, albeit perhaps not written in black and white. I bought an extra backup Lima from the dashboard, I'm 99% sure that I saw that transaction taken from my account. If this were the case, that would certainly constitute a sale. Personally, I don't care how long it takes to ship. I'm right behind this project, and want it when it's ready, not rushed out. But for those of you getting itchy feet, then check your account if you bought another one. Well in a way they were. When we filled out the dashboard we had the option (not on Kickstarter) to add additional units through a credit card, not through the Kickstarter program. I believe that does make them on sale. They are still not up for sale. Just a thought. Since Lima has now offered to sell additional units through their web site, not part of Kickstarter, they are now a commercial entity. They indicated in one of their posts that the server was busy with lots of sales. So we now have a company selling a product and not yet delivering. If they fail to meet their deadlines everyone who made a purchase not through Kickstarter could contact their credit card company and demand their money back since the product did not ship! So maybe the new deadlines are possible or the consequence might be a legal matter now. As I said, just a thought. Password reset <url>#18, was posted on Monday, March 31st. On March 28, Lima said an update is coming on Monday - that's April 1st. Today is April 5th, no updates.. especially on WHEN this thing will finally ship. I would be very interested in seeing some mockups (or demos) of the client apps and the device-local UI. @Camilo, the link in included in the latest update. Hi, i have sent an email requesting for an invitation to backer dashboard, becauso i dont have it yet. Where can i request that? I have send an email to <email> Cool hardware progress and manufacturing progress. Hoping to see Gawens and the rest of the teams effort into the software part of the story ( the revised one i mean) see some light here before the lock-down of the backer dashboard. Nothing reassuring whatsoever in that update. The elephant in the room is still in the room. We've seen a lot of hardware updates but it would be a nice change of pace if we could get a software update. I'm really excited about this product yet still hesitant about ordering a few more units without seeing the overall functionality of the device. It would be nice to see performance tests regarding transfer speeds between External hard drive -> Lima -> Computer as well as video streams to see if there is any latency. I'm with everyone else.. Any updates on shipping date? I'm hesitant to give you another $10 without knowing when this will ship. @Hans Laan: The Lima team posted this on the backer dashboard: "STARTED · The Lima team (Admin, Lima) responded Actually we will ship from 3 centers for the whole world : USA, Europe, Asia. So, this will avoid a lot of taxes issues for our backers :)." About shipping. Can you please be clear on exactly how our LIMA's will be shipped? I am currently waiting for two KS projects that are "on the way", tracking showing only that they have left for the Netherlands. Experience has taught me that they are most likely waiting for PostNL. They waste my time in customs and charge an additional 10-15 Euro for the privilege. Obviously I don't mind paying customs, but I hate the delay. This means I have some $15 to spend for additional shipping services that allow me to receive my LIMA sooner. Please elaborate on available options. Thanks, Hans <url>#17, was posted a week ago. I don't think that qualifies as "a while". It's been quiet for a while now.. I would imagine so Ken, but yeah, the CGC team should answer it officially if they haven't done so. Congrats on the 1600th comment :) Hi, I have also asked this in the Blog, and it was asked by someone else here on the 15th of July 2013 but i cant find a reply. Does Lima support IPV6 ? Im hoping that a technical lifespan wont be imposed on this device by only supporting IPV4 Thanks Ken I'm still behind you guys, as has been said before, this is not just a product, it's the interest in following the development and production of the device. I have some questions which do not relate to the tech or the delivery... Assuming you achieved your first £69000 target and no more, how long would it have been before you called it a day? When you started the journey, you had a very competitive edge and the nature of kickstarter means that you can't go and secretly develop a product. Do you feel that you have lost your advantage with the delays allowing competitors to get to market with similar products? And my final question, how do you see your company developing once you have shipped to your backers? Stuart @Merijn Bolhuis @Kamilah Carter Thanks! +1 on Marcus Schumann's comment. I would also like a video demo when time permits. Severin announced to give an update every two weeks so the next update shouldn't be far away. @Marcus Schumann, I think they're still working on the software (especially since there's so many platforms it needs to work on), but hopefully we will receive those sorts of videos in the future. I would expect so considering the videos we've been receiving along the way, especially the one on the page initially that showed set up on a computer. @Kamilah: Would looove a video demonstration of what you said. We've received little update, demonstration and information about the software except for very abstract and general things. I hope their next update will be purely about the software and not just technical things but also demonstration, like what happens when you plug in a new hard drive, what happens when you unplug an old hard drive, how do you do all the things its supposed to do? Things like that. @Marvin When you plug in the drive it will give you an option, like Merijn said, to either expand your total memory, or create a raid configuration (to protect against drive failure). If you would like to remove one of the drives (if, for example, you just added a 4TB drive and want to remove a 1TB drive and use it for something else), then you must first use the Lima program to indicate you want to remove that hard drive so that any files that are on it can be moved to other drives. @Marvin: when you connect a second (or third, or ..) drive to your Lima, you will get the option to use that drive as part of your central memory or to use it as a backup drive. (According to a previous reply from the Lima team) @Kamilah thanks. So just plug a second one to a usb hub and it will clone? Then I can dispose the older drive? @Marvin just use a USB hub to connect multiple external hard drives Hi. Has CGC explained how users can expand their existing storage? Sorry. I can't seem to find it. Will it be as simple as copying the files over to a bigger usb drive or does Lima have a clone feature. Also, does Lima do any handling in case of bad sectors? I am in the process of buying a new external hard drive since I need more storage and since lima is gonna get to us in a couple month, I want to make sure I get a good hdd that will go well with it. My worry right now is that some external hdd seem to become hot easily and since all my device gonna connect to this hdd, I suppose I would need something that can keep its cool :) So I was wondering if you guys had any suggestion on a hdd that work great with the lima, I'm pretty sure you guys tried a lot of the different hdd on the market already :) The Linux client development is scheduled to start after the development of the other clients is initially finished. I doubt that we will hear more about this until the Limas have been delivered. I took a look at Nanohyve here on KS. Lima with its "central memory" is what I need but the one thing I like about Nanohyve is the ability to run my own website on it or to run Mailpile as my own secure email solution. If Lima could incorporate those function I would buy a couple more. I really need a way to run Mailpile on my own server.. Let me reiterate the request others have made for the Linux software. I agree with @Marcus Schumann, the nano hive looks quite cool but I would use if for entirely different things, with file transfer being the only likely dual function if I was to use both. Latest update seems to leave out mention of the Linux client. Has it been dropped or is it just behind schedule? The update confirms my observation that this KS project began as a wish and that the wish is yet to be realized. Since it remains so early in its development cycle (and I've done more than enough app and embedded development to recognize early when I see it) please if you get it to work ensure that a USB hub with multiple drives can be attached. Just received your update by email. Appreciated the information. Lots of things accomplished and lots to go. Congrats. Really great update guys. Loads of detail. Thanks. And Nanohive offers no built in encryption. Nanohive looks quite cool but they haven't provided any examples of their application that manages this. Also, they do not seem to provide any possibility to automatically store and use the user-folder on the connected USB-drives and sync it to the connected computers via an application. Also I do not like the fact that they plug in directly in the wall. But definitely an interesting concept but not quite like Lima though. FYI a cousin just arrived on KS : <url>#13 from 12/11/2013 is an ideal type of update that I think a lot of us would like to see how we are tracking to the new schedule you updated and proposed in that update. Regards. @charles S No: "It’s high time to update you guys about shipping. I know many of you have been wondering if we would maintain our estimated delivery time, i.e. ship the first Lima devices in December. We have been considering the upsides and downsides of doing so, and we’ve ultimately taken the decision to ship all the Lima devices in Spring." Everybody will receive their Lima this "spring". Whenever that may be... Did anyone who is an early backer, with ETA of December 2013, actually GOT the device? I am wondering what's the backlog is I.e. if the Dec 2013 pushed for 6 months, than the late backer with ETA of April 2014 will get their device in...October 2014! @merijn well, as of January I've completed my ideal setup and no longer find this as a useful tool... *crickets* Status update please along with a project timeline. Thank you. can we have an update soon please Hello Lima Team, I think it's time for a new "big" update so you can tell Us how far it is. regards Johan @Leon Bryan: You can file a complain en request a refund but since Lima is doing exactly what they said they would do with the funds I don't think there is a chance you succeed at is point. What is the reason you want a refund? How can I get a refund? While we are waiting: KooRaRoo Media is a DLNA server and media organizer that allows you to stream your video, music and photo files to all DLNA devices on your home network, including TVs, BluRay players, home theater systems, audio-video receivers, games consoles, media players, tablets and smart phones. (<url>#comments) Available for free download for the next 8hrs. It's time for a new update! Since its february, I'd like to know if you guys are on schedule for april delivery. hey guys. How will Lima work with a Plex server? @Andre-Pierre: Many thanks for the link. Very cool indeed and it does provide reassurance that it shouldn't be necessary for Lima to say in the loop. @Don Gateley Dozens of websites offer the service, but one of the best known is : <url>"exactly how" -questions though and I guess we will have to wait before the CGC team replies and explains how they will achieve this. I am absolutely confident, however, that Lima will work without any type of server from their side. If they don't achieve that, it goes against the entire idea of this product which is to be free of dependence of third-party companies. Any update on the shipping date? Has anyone tried the Transporter yet? I must admit that I also have concerns that Lima will actually ship, but I am willing to give them the time they asked for in their last update. I keep reading in the comments "what if Lima quits supporting this product?" I think that is a fair question, but I suggest you also consider this "What if Lima ships and is successful?" I would not see them bringing down a server they need to support the product, rather I would see them adding more. The CGC team wants to succeed in this venture to build an on-going company that will only build better products with greater support in the future. I see people suggesting we consider Transporter. This was a Kickstarter project that made it and continues to grow, even though it is NOT the same solution as Lima. Lima has a unique product and if they can make it successful I think it will grow into an incredible company. I, for one, am willing to wait until spring to find out. @Edwin Poon Transporter Sync is much more similar to a NAS than Lima. You can review the FAQ on how Lima is different from a NAS on the main page. The reason it may see more similar at first glance is they copied some of Lima's graphics when they launched this product, and also seem to have been influenced by the way the CGC guys explained Lima. However, if you look at how the device actually works you'll find its much different. @kokobin Pixeom looks like a NAS storage system with built in apps to me. From my review of the page, the apps look like they depend on the widespread success of the product since you require it to access their apps/network, and if there aren't very many people using the apps there won't be anyone to communicate on their. However it's still early in their campaign so maybe it will by successful. @Merijn Bolhuis [The philosophy behind Pixeom and Lima are completely different. ] Please go ahead and enumerate. I would be very happy to learn more. [And as I understand, if you want to collaborate using Pixeom, the other person also needs to have one. That could take a long while.] Nothing stops you from getting 2.After all, I pledged for 2 Limas. And exactly why would it take a long while? Similar product? Transporter Sync <url>#transporter-sync @kokobin: The philosophy behind Pixeom and Lima are completely different. You say "A lot seems to have changed that I can no longer be confident of exactly what I would get whenever I receive mine." What exactly are those changes. And as I understand, if you want to collaborate using Pixeom, the other person also needs to have one. That could take a long while. I am backing Pixeom: The Personal Exchange Device (<url>"just" opening a port is that it can be somewhat of a security risk so hopefully the Lima device have some security in place. But the fact of the matter is that Lima doesn't need any special servers or services from the company to make your Lima work as intended. The only thing, as I said previously, is that the application will eventually become outdated and not compatible with your OS after so and so many OS updates you perform. @Don: I agree. @Merijn: I'd sure like them to tell us how they are going to accomplish that across the internet. From the Lima Backer Dashboard: - What happens if the company dies? Answer from the Lima team: What’s good with Lima is that it’s entirely private and decentralized. So Lima can work independently from any servers, and continue managing your data even if our startup dies (disclosure: we don’t plan anything like that). The only thing we manage on our side of the equations are updates of our app and the web interface of Lima. In case of company crash, we’ll do our best to open source at least the most critical parts of our code, so the community continues improving the solution every night. @Kamilah: What I said below applies as well to your use case. @Marcus: Your ability to access your home Lima from a coffee shop or business trip will end the minute they pull the plug on the server that provides the smarts for interconnecting your systems and keeping them interconnected across the internet. All else you say is true so far as I understand. As I said, there may be some possibility of a peer to peer system that doesn't require a server and that can function autonomously but the only example of that which I know about is BTSync which relies on the established BitTorrent peer to peer network. There may be such a thing as a private peer to peer network or perhaps it is possible to piggy back on BitTorrent's. I don't know the facts on that. But lacking that they must continue to either provide the server or establish a subscription service you pay for with with some SaaS company that will take over the responsibility long term. If I fundamentally misunderstand how the world works I hope to be corrected. @Don Gateley I have in between 1-1.5 TB of files that I want to be available on my two laptops that have 500 GB drives. No other service will allow me to access everything. It doesn't matter to me that I have to stream files that I don't use as much because over 95% of the places I use my computer have wifi. It has been made abundantly clear that you don't need to be in the same LAN as your Lima so that is a nonissue. I keep all my files in my documents, my pictures, my videos, my music and the desktop so I have no need for support in syncing other directories although the Lima team has already confirmed they are working on ways to support that. As for juggling things around, I have 2-3 times more files than fit on my drives. Constantly switching what is available and copying things to and from harddrives is a pain, while Lima automates the process and allows me to choose what files I want available from my laptop without making me physically get out drives and look through them all for what I want, take off files I don't currently need to make room etc. that is what I consider juggling, and it is a process I dread. As for cost, I already backed Lima months ago, I already have hard drives that are currently used to store all the files not on my computer and so the only thing i will actually need to purchase is a USB hub. I literally can't imagine a service or product that would meet my needs as perfectly. @Don: They've already said that the application only communicates with the Lima device (which you own) so The CGC Team doesn't need to provide any server of any kind in order for our Lima application to interconnect with our Lima device. And you will also be able to access your Lima device outside of your LAN - exactly how secure it is is not determined since they haven't provided details in how they will enable that functionality - but it will definitely be possible. The only thing I can think of that will happen if The CGC Team dies out after we've received our Lima devices is that the Lima application will (eventually) stop working due to OS updates, so other than Lima application updates, The CGC Team doesn't need to provide us with any type of service at all (or well, perhaps support :P). @Marcus: that's true but the question is who is going to maintain and pay for the server that Lima must provide to keep your systems interconnected. I'm sure there are off the shelf and probably open source software solutions they can employ without great difficulty but the question remains of continuing dependency on something Lima must provide if you are to escape your local LAN. If they can step out of the picture with some kind of peer to peer system that runs and pays for itself there is safety but that's unknown. @Robert: I don't understand how that's different from things like Dropbox or Bittorrent Sync - they require a third party application running on your desktop. The Lima application will be running in the background and I'm pretty sure you can have it on auto-start when you start your computer. Out of all the different reasons that have been posted here, why is this a dealbreaker? I don't know too much about that stuff either. I just know that a client/server of some kind is required with other apps I use that stride the internet like TeamViewer. An installed client must run on your machine and connect to a third party server to say "here's where I am." Just using IPs doesn't work because they are dynamic in time and yours can change without your peers knowing it's happened. A client running on the endpoints can detect that and communicate changes to a server which passes them among clients that are authorized to communicate. Peer to peer protocols, like BitTorrent, were designed to decentralize that but I don't know the details or if it is applicable to a product such as Lima wants to be. It's the method BTSync uses to solve the problem. I don't remember where they came down on that, or if they did, when they were communicating. @Don That is a question I think we kicked around back in November. I don't know that we ever got an answer. I don't understand networking well enough to know just how hard or easy that piece of the magic may be. Do you have any guesses, or any information that is better than guesses? Geez, sorry for mangling the spelling of your name, Merijn. @Mering: How is your computer in Finland going to find your Lima in San Francisco? And of course a usb harddrive @ Robert: where does it say Lima needs a third party client? Al you need is the Lima itself with Lima software and the Lima apps on your pc / laptop / phone. That's it. @Marcus The appeal of LIMA to me was the absence of third party cloud mediation. The fact that it's unusable without a third party client running on your desktop was a dealbreaker. @Don: You can be outside your LAN - they have confirmed that from the start so I'm not sure which part you're referring to that is unclear. What's good about Lima is that you can choose to fill up your entire 500 GB on your laptop with marked-for-offline files from Lima OR you can choose to have them in the cloud and have space for applications instead. It's up to you. With BTSync you're FORCED to fill up your 500 GB with files (which of course will be offline). I don't know about you but I want the option to fill my devices how I wish. @Robert: Smoke and mirrors? What are you talking about? Of course they are not truly there on your computer if they're not marked for offline. But that's kind of the idea with Lima - simulating that files are there while they're in fact not stored there. And I don't really get it, this has been the idea of Lima since day 1, if you're not happy with this solution, why did you back Lima in the first place? Don sums it up pretty well. If you don't have ALL your sync'd contents mirrored on your laptop then your have either partial caching and/or online streaming of the missing files to "fake" them being present. Just smoke and mirrors, there is no free lunch. @Kamilah: If they only use your laptops for caching what's on the Lima drive rather than mirroring it then you can only get access to all your data when you are online. They may even require you to be on the same lan as the Lima, that is not yet clear. The autonomous PiNAS/BTSync solution does require full mirroring but has the advantage of full offline access, online synced access from anywhere, and redundancy for recovery. Not to mention the flexibility of mirroring any directory you want and attaching multiple drives. Also, it costs $35 plus a wall wart, the drives you want to attach and a USB hub if there is more than one drive. I'm not sure what you mean by having to juggle things around but I am pretty sure that not having to and not being able to are synonymous in this case. The ability to sync things outside your C:/Users/Kamilah directory does not seem to be supported and it remains unclear, to me at least, exactly what gets synced that is in it. Of course this assumes there is more here than smoke and mirrors of which I am not yet persuaded. @Robert Mohid that's true but getting a 1 TB harddrive is pretty cheap, I have a1 TB drives and tw0 4 TB drives I could plug in to Lima already, but both of my laptops have only 500 GB drives. I think that's one of the great things about Lima. All my files can be accessible without having to juggle things around. It makes everything easy. @Marcus, You're correct but I see the added redundancy this provides as a feature, not a liability. If you're syncing 1 TB of data, it still has to live on at least two drives somewhere, LIMA or not. @Robert- Sounds very cool indeed. But it still requires you to have as much, or more, harddrive space on your computers as the amount you want to sync. If you want to sync 1 TB of data between 2 of your computers via your NAS (which is the only way to enable syncing without the need for having both computers powered on at the same time), you'll need 1 TB on computer #1, 1 TB on computer #2 as well as 1 TB on NAS. Instead of reducing cost and need for harddrive space, you've increased it! Very cool. Thanks. The original NAS Raspberry Pi article I ran across is: <url>#1 and a NAS folder and then set up _another_ bittorrent sync between computer #2 and the same NAS folder. But meh, sounds complicated and will surely be bound to a lot of bugs. Lima handles all that automatically. I should have said we both see the same thing _in that directory_. All else is specific to our installations. We could sync several different directories if we wanted but don't have the need. @Kamilah: That is precisely what BitTorrent Sync is designed to do. It does it directly, though without any separate network attached storage device. It does it internet wide as well, not just on your local lan. I have a directory synced with a guy in China. We both see the same thing on our computers unless changes are being currently synced. Almost forgot, he has a Mac and I have a PC. @Robert thanks for the info but its not quite where I need it. I have two full computers that I want to sync those folders both ways. @Kamilah 1. Yes, but I've never tried to use an existing folder as the destination for an existing sync folder. If you create a sync for /myPc/Documents and sync that under /MyMac/Documents/PcDocs, that would work for sure. I haven't tried aliasing an existing sync to an existing folder that already had stuff in it. Might be bad juju. 2.It can back up files. So if your e-mail app stores it's mail in a file like a .pst, then you could sync the folder that has the inbox and have the same app use that folder on another machine. The the e-mail app is cloud based, like gmail, then obviously not. 3. There is some versionning kept with the SyncArchive feature, it's limited to n-1 only though. 4. It will use whatever is on the bottom of your tcp/ip stack. Wifi or wired, it doesn't matter like downloading any torrent. @Richard assuming Lima doesn't do any type of funny formatting or encrypting then yes, in most cases you should be able to just plug the drives into a computer and they should work like normal. 5. Can it sync when the first pc is turned off? Lima is not actually syncing but it can access the files because they are not on the pc but on a shared memory which is in my home under my control. Bittorent sync is making use of a "sync folder" and is more about sending en receiving files than making use of a central memory. @Robert Mohid That isn't the impression I got from their website. Since it says "Create a Sync folder for your stuff" It also doesn't look like there is an ad free version available from Macs. I find the information on their website to be too brief to create a useful understanding of the product. What I'd really like to know is: 1. Can it sync my documents on my windows computer to the Documents folder on my mac even though both folders started out with files and subfolders 2. Can it back up email stored in my email applications 3. Is there versioning 4. Does it sync over wifi when that is available. Maybe you know since you use the product already? im a VERY EARLY BIRD and i never received any postcard :( How are things going folks ? i just lost a hard drive and i would have been really happy to start using a new drive directly with Lima. @kamilah I'm confused by your assesment since I'm using bitorrent sync to do exactly that. Just install the client on your desktop and choose which EXISTING folder you want to sync, like your documents folder. Install on another machine and start syncing. fini Wow, the only other postcards I've gotten recently that we're for me individually came from the DMV or my dentist… @Richard van Dieren I am not from the Lima team but I remember when they answered that question in the past and you will be able to. In fact if there are already files on your hard drive when you plug it in to Lima it will keep the formatting of the drive so long it's compatible (check the FAQs on the main page for a list of those that are and more info on this) I have a question I'm hoping someone from the Lima team can answer. If for some reason the Lima device dies (only have one); short of buying a new device.. Can I simply plug my external HDD into another computer and access my files? *short I have a question I'm hoping someone from the Lima team can answer. If for some reason the Lima device dies (only have one); shirt of buying a new device.. Can I simply plug my external HDD into another computer and access my files? Hi will you make lima available for Windows RT as well....thnx @Louis Hong I checked it out but it doesn't provide the feautures I'm looking for. Basically to sync all my files where they are. Interesting alternative to dropbox though, I can think of some people I know who might be interested. @kamilah you may want to check out BitTorrent Sync (full disclosure: I work on that project). :) Got my card a few hours ago. It did remind me that I had a question. The most recent update about the change of components and switch to Python to C, is there any performance numbers you can give us in terms of sustained read and writes as well as random reads and writes over a network? Or is it unchanged or possibly even underdevelopment still in which case you can't. I got my card today 1/9 here in CA. US. Thanks Got the card too! (and in French :) ) Thanks and all the best for the New Year to the whole Lima Team, to the backers, to their loved ones and ... to the so much awaited product ;) To those who did not get the card (yet!?) perhaps it takes some time to travel overseas: the Lima team is mostly (at least) based in France. Cheers, Matt In two more months...six months plus seems to be the acceptable standard for KS projects right? We should all be happy that they have not shutdown their sites and just disappeared. You all have to remember that there is NO level of accountability for ks projects. They do what they want..when they want and we paid for it. Please take the time to read ks policy...it's a joke Thanks Alan for the feedback on the Western Cloud Drive. I have my eyes on that drive. But I'm going to wait and hopefully this project will be delivered within the next 4 months as promise. Or HELL is going to brake loose in the projects with very unhappy backers. Update on my Western Digital MyCloud. So this is a terrific, and inexpensive product. 4 TB of storage. Easily accessible from my phone, tablet, computers. The only drawback is... if I send someone an email link to a file on my MyCloud, they can't download the file unless I've setup an account for them on that device. It isn't a huge deal, but it isn't as convenient as Dropbox. So I will give up my expensive Dropbox account, and stick with a freebie Dropbox account, and use Dropbox solely for sending files to others. Mostly it will be MyCloud. Just received a nice little card today! Thanks for that! I'll wait for as long it takes for them to create a superb product. Me to, nice gesture and happy new year to you all Got a very nice card in the Netherlands as well! Thanks guys! I also got a nice card today in the Netherlands. A Card Of Apology through my 'box today dropped I wish, sadly, not apoplectic For a cheque for a refund. I got a card too. I had no doubts, but I don't think that they'd be sending out cards like this if they weren't gonna ship this thing. I am really quite excited about it! Thanks for the card Lima, was a nice gesture. Looking for to the finished product being even more amazing then originally advertised as. Happy new year! Uh so what's the deal. I never got a card either. I also got a card. My pledge was for EARLY BIRD. Just trying to find some link :) @Gianluca Casu, you received a card? How about the rest of us? This team is seriously lacking in all areas. They're not going to make it in the long run if this is how they conduct their business. I received a card for new year from the Lima team. Thank you, it was a sweet touch. Anyway, happy new year to you too team and may we have an update? Just to start welll 2014? @Brandon: Good luck. They are adamant about not giving any refunds. @Don...actually no. It's not a copy/paste. @Bryan, I think I've seen that exact post several other places where delivery failed or was failing. Cut and paste? I'm just hoping the product comes out before it is totally outdated. Most highend NAS have similar functionality today, like Qnap's Qsync and Synology's Cloudstation. The hardware stats also degrade in value day by day. USB3 and especially 1gbps ethernet isn't exactly cutting edge these days. Even newer standards will be publically available before this product is launched. Meanwhile directly competing product - also based on Kickstarter projects - like the Transporter Sync is already making a name for itself and constantly improving both software and the total offering in terms of hardware and deals. I'm not saying that a delay should not be expected in Kickstarter projects... I'm just saying that you cannot expect the market to wait for you! To all of those thinking about/requesting a refund, you don't understand the true meaning of this site. Kickstarter isn't an online store where you pick out products to buy, it's a place to make others dreams become a reality and because you believe in the creator. We're all assisting by paying to get the manufacturing process set up and are given a thank you gift in return. Timelines aren't always met, but it's stated from the beginning that ship times are estimates. There are always unforeseen delays when manufacturing a new product, especially one this big. Instead of being mad, ask the creators why there is a delay. Project creators have always answered my questions and are willing to help. I'm personally thankful the team here is holding off to make sure they ship a much more reliable product. It was probably not an easy decision to make. If there is another delay, then so be it. I know they are doing it to get that much better of a product out on the market. Keep up the great work Lima team! @robertmorgan I totally understand your point regarding your Chromebook. I just need something that was simple to keep my files synchronized across my personal & work laptops, as well as my mobile devices (I am a Mac user all the way through). For me Transporter works great since I don't really care about web access, just access from all of my devices. I am about to purchase a second one for $99 to stick at the office to create a second copy of my data offsite. I needed something quickly and didn't want to wait. Still excited about getting my Lima though. I'm happy to patiently wait it out. So we are looking at a 4 month delay, heading towards April / May 2014 ???? Let's hope we don't hear an additional 4 month delay on top of the current 4 month delay. I haven't seen / heard anything of a possible refund, but would be nice if it was offered, as many might not want to wait that long...., Just requested a refund. I think this project has a lot of potential, but I'm not really interested in waiting an *additional* 4 months to (hopefully) get the product. If it were shipping in January or maybe even February, it might be a different story. Wish the founders all the best, and hope to take another look next year when it launches. Any new Shipping updates? I bought the Western Digital MyCloud device for about $200. The 4 terabyte version. Works great. Allows me to plug in additional drives. Swift access from my cell phone (Android) and computers (PCs) at other locations. Love it! Any recommendations for drives to attach to the Lima? @jminca. I had a transporter on order until I reread the fine print. You cannot believe that these two devices are the same. The transporter does not have web access and to me, that is huge! I own a Chromebook which will not have a desktop program to access the Lima, but Lima will provide the web access, problem solved. Transporter has no such solution, nor, as I understand, plans one. @jminca I'm not looking for a private Dropbox like device, I am specifically interested in Lima's capacity to sync (and back up through a raid configuration or multiple Limas) the files without having to move them into a new folder. I want to keep my documents in my doc folder and pictures in my picture files while having them synchronized on to two computers. I haven't found any other devices that claim to tackle this specific configuration. However I'm still glad that the transporter device is working well for you. I know everyone has different specifications and features that they require. @kamilahcarter, the Transporter (file transporter.com) is not a NAS device at all. It is a private cloud device already shipping and does exactly what Lima reports it will do. I am an early backer of this project and can't wait to get my Lima device (supposedly I was going to receive it in December?). In the meantime I plunked down $89 (with a promo code I received) for a Transporter Sync. I got it. It works great. I'll use it until I get my Lima and see which one I like better and gift one off to someone in the family. But so far I'm loving the experience with the Transporter. Hope to get my Lima soon. Happy holidays everyone !! @MalykaOfHearts: You and everyone else wanting a refund after this project was funded should have read the fine print: "Kickstarter does not offer refunds. A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward." <url>"reworking the file system" -- and understand I'm just guessing here, I'm not a developer on the project -- pertains to a tweaking of the file caching updating and synchronization routines. So I think you're worrying for nothing. The files actually sitting on your desktop or device are cached, and the software synchronizes those files to and from your Lima-connected device. As CGC said, the local file caching works much like Dropbox for mobile devices. The difference is, with the Lima, the special Lima folders "act" like they're part of the native file system, but in reality they're probably a virtual drive folder which acts as a file cache. Like the cache folder for your browser, only much more sophisticated. @Pierre, I'm sorry, but that's not true. You did not "pay for a product at a certain date". Kickstarter is not a web portal for product ordering. You're backing a project that may or may not come to fruition, and it may take longer than you expected, and it may not be exactly what you bargained for. It's all a risk. There is no guarantee. This user's account has been deleted. I concur with @Brandon D on his concerns about I/O and disk storage. I have a concern about modifying any OS level I/O layer and how that will affect client side performance and stability. The update on multi-threaded operations make me believe this is going to increase client-side latency to an unacceptable level. The lack of gigabit ethernet only slows things down further. What about those of us using RAID storage and RAID adapters? @Merijn Bolhuis The problem I think is that we paid for a product at a certain date, and we aren't received what we paid for. What you describe are merely semantics, people aren't all generous freeloaders, some are genuine clients and would like not to be scammed, even if it's written somewhere it could be risky. As to wether it is a scam or not, I think people asking for refund are a bit paranoid anyway :D But CGC isn't helping at all: they insult us with stupid rhetorics trying to mimic bullshit corporation PR (we will not respect the delay but in exchange you get an awesome new design). If you paid for an investing adventure, then why are you not complaining about the total lack of a blog with cool stories, daily advancement, step by step progress, insider's documentaries etc as do Star Citizen? @MalykaOfHearts You decided to fund a kickstart. Based on the number of backers and the amount pledged, Lima started to continue development and production. Thats is what they are doing with the money they collected. When they succeed you get a gift as a thank you for believing in them. So how do you see you are entitled to get a refund. Is it the amount of money? Would you feel better if they only got the 69k? Is it the number of people who believe in this kickstart? Would you feel better if it where only 2000? Please explain this to me because I just don't get it. As crappy as I feel saying this, I really want a refund. Something about this project isn't sitting well with me considering they have 13 thousand backers and are pretty much sitting on 1.2 million dollars. Anyone know how I can go about getting a refund? If anyone wants to ask for a refund, forget it. They are officially choosing not to accommodate people who request one. " Hello Robert, I'm sorry that there was a misunderstanding about our product. As you know, backing on Kickstarter is more than ordering a product in a regular store, it's actually about funding a manufacturing process. At this stage, your support is really important since it has allowed us to make all the required investments. Unfortunately we can't refund your pledge now as, as initially planned, we began using these funds for production and need them to pursue the development process. Sincerely, Penelope" @LP: Lima's very core idea has always been about changing the way your computer interprets the "file system" in your Home -folder. Did you actually read the project description before backing it? @ LP .. And the casing of the Lima. My mistake. The color has changed also. @ LP The only thing that has changed is the shipping time for the december delivery. Everything else is still the same. Hi, This project is not anymore what I sent money for (Timing, file system changing...) if it ever come to shipping stage. Is there a procedure to get my money back ? Regards. @kokobin They're unrelated. "Better" would be a non-sequitur. @kokobin: That's what we call advertisement ;) I'm not sure LibraryBox really shares much with Lima except for privacy, but of course we like the project's spirit. ------------ LibraryBox 2.0 vs Lima CGC team, Go ahead, tell us the differences regarding the essential functions of file access/storage and why Lima is better in your opinion. @CGC Please provide some clarification and insight on these two issues: 1. Your update mentioned reworking the file system. Does this mean changing the underlying NTFS / HFS+ / EXT4, or just intercepting the calls to the white to the disk? Or are these one and the same, and I just don't realize it? 2. Does the way you'll intercept write calls to disk impact those of us using SSD's? Will the Lima client application go around the normal OS optimizations that are made for SSD performance and longevity? Will it interfere with TRIM? I have to ask these because I genuinely don't understand what's happening inside the computer at that level you're working at, and I bet it matters. @CGC Given the choice between having a product that can't work properly without auto-updates or putting up with client software on my pc that can change at any time I'm going to choose to ask for a refund. If this product does not have the option to be used without a client, like any other networked storage device, then I won't use it. @n2liberty - No offense, man, but what the hell did you think you were backing? Lima has been upfront from day one that the way they were providing your files across all devices was to alter I/O processes of whatever device you were on for Pictures, Documents, etc. to go to the Lima'ed storage. Based on what you say you thought you were backing, I don't think you even watched the Lima video. Literally, the kickstarter homepage says: "When Lima is installed on your computer, our application intercepts all the input/output operations performed on your files, using several patent pending technologies. When Mac OS X, Windows or Linux want to store or access data, they ask our application instead of manipulating the hard drive. When needed these operations are redirected to Lima." If you didn't know what you were buying into, that's on you. @John So you don't like the color change? @Amy I am not angry, I just don't think it is reasonable to delay a project for an unknown amount of time and then alter the product itself and then denying refunds. Almost every project I have funded has been delayed and the ones that have been delayed the longest have turned out to be really awful or virtually non-functional. All the talk about funding an idea seems misplaced. If I wanted to fund an idea, I would fund a different kind of project. This project is for an actual physical item, if you are not going to deliver it on time or as originally described, then at the very least provide refunds. Thanks for the updates. For me, it is comforting to know that I have Library Box with Mesh networking as an alternative platform to fall back on to access and share my private data. (<url># and/or objective C) on linux, Maverick, Windows, iOs and android. It also concerns me you thought Python could be used as the "core" for this kind of application, and as a business investor, albeit small. I would suggest you have the developers present their design to this bigger community. There's folks you have as backers, that are experts in cross platform applications and embedded designs, use us. It's free to you, and very, very expensive to a small startup. I have my own teams present for architectural reviews and it goes a long in avoiding the bigger mis-steps in software development. -Zane @Amin Lalji what you're referring to has always been a part of the project. Here is a quote from the Tech section on the project page that corresponds (since a couple people have been asking about this.) "When Lima is installed on your computer, our application intercepts all the input/output operations performed on your files, using several patent pending technologies. When Mac OS X, Windows or Linux want to store or access data, they ask our application instead of manipulating the hard drive. When needed these operations are redirected to Lima. Thanks to this, we give you the best experience possible. We show in your OS all the files you have in your Lima, even if they're not actually in your computer. We use your local storage memory as a cache, to store both the files recently used and the ones you want to keep for offline-viewing." @Jan Martin the drobo transporter is essentially a NAS device. There is a FAQ on the main page which compares NAS devices to Lima and outlines their differences @Kevin C McCarthy from a comment on the Update 13 thread it sounds like widows phone 8 support is not going to be developed till after launch. I think the present timeline goes up to launch. CGC team: Looks like you are on the way to getting it done properly. Take your time and get it done RIGHT! I would like you to issue a refund. No where did you state that you were changing the architecture of my OS - and that you would not be fully compatible with Mavericks (or that you need to "figure" it out). You admit that managin data is serious business, and unfortunately I've lost confidence in your ability to deliver what you initially promised. Please go ahead and refund my units and make them available to others who are interested. thanks. Good lick guys! Regarding the latest update: where's the info on Windows Phone 8 support? I backed this on the promise you'd be pushing it out as soon as possible (while I was aware it'd probably be well after the iOS and Android versions), but it's been completely neglected according to your timeline. What's going on with that? More delays! WTF!? Hell no, this is more BS! Opt out please. +1 @Amy @Robert, yes - that's actually what I'm saying. "We changed the design to make it better and it's going to be a 3-6 month delay" is absolutely acceptable to me for a KS project. I've had other projects do the same thing, and I'm ok with it. I'd rather have the best product available than have something less than optimal that ships "on time" and then doesn't do what it's promised to do, or doesn't work consistently, or that fails post-kickstarter and doesn't have a viable commercial outlet. I think as long as CGC communicate transparently, most of backers are pretty tolerable on delay. KS is really like a gamble: we are funding a start up (then get something returned as a "thank-you"), not really about buying a product. It's a start-up, so the survival rate is not going to be too high. On KS, I value honesty more than the reward I am going to get. It's important for backer have a sense of participate on the process. THIS, is really what my money is for! Yes, it does seem similar in essence (except that the Transporter can load a single HDD whereas Lima can be connected to multiple HDDs). Not sure about the file replication - with the Lima (AFAIK) the file can exist on the local HDD as well as the Lima (I intend to put my Lima at work and cache everything in my local HDD to create a 1-Lima with fast-local-access offsite backup). Woh there! Proprietary file system. Connected to my machine constantly and monitoring all my files. What a resource hog. Sorry not on my machines. All I wanted and what I thought I was getting was an automated backup system. Set it up as a scheduled app that will do a backup when I want it to and nothing else. I am sick and tired of programmers who think they need to completely control every aspect of my computer and its file systems. Keep your hands off and just back things up on command that's All I want. I do not want the headache or even risk of not being able to unplug the drive from a dead Lima and plug it into any another machine and recover the files. Keep this simple. If you insist on going down this path. Count me out and give me my money back. Clearly this was a bit more ambitious then you all realized when you started. I think that myself and the rest of the backers have given you an incentive to get it done, and you seem to be rising to the challenge. If Lima was already on the market, then we wouldnt have funded you. I would normally recommend that you de-scope the project. I would suggest that you think hard about where you are spending your effort, and if it is on a feature or OS that a smaller population of users will need, that you consider doing a phased deployment. I know that I would be unhappy if I was in that small population, but I would be really unhappy if you ship super buggy product. Do not ship a low quality product. And since we are delayed, can we get a refresh on the SOC inside Lima? Might be the same price (or cheaper) , and will extend the usable life of the product. Thanks for the update! I have recently learned about the Drobo Transporter - can you tell us a bit more about the differences between Lima an Transporter? +1 with Aaron Most seem to be missing the trees from the forest - work hard - keep us posted and make a solid product - 1 chance to impress! The product will speak for itself! I really appreciated the detailed update today. I am not in a rush to get my reward, take your time and build a great product. @Amy, I too have sponsored a number of projects like @John had. We both know the risks involved. What I think you and a few others fail to understand is not the lack of a product, but rather, the lack of honest updates as promised. Surely you do not feel that if you keep getting told things are going well only to hear "Look we have changed the design" oh and by the way the project is delayed 3-6 months you can honestly say you are OK with everything. All I think everyone wants is an explanation. I wrote to CGC and was told on Monday they hoped to have an update ready by Tuesday and this, by my count is Wednesday, and still no update. I have been involved with computers for a great part of my entire life and am baffled by the inability to sit down with the programmer and say "where are we, what are the problems, and when do your project steps to fix it." Its not like they just discovered this, obviously they have known for awhile, and decided to keep quiet right up to the time of shipping. I too hope this project completes and deliveries the promised product, but without good faith updates like most tech projects give, it is hard to believe. @John, you can't treat KS projects as a retail product ordering site. You are promising funds to back development of a product, which may or may not come to fruition. It's investment and it's speculative and it's risky. I know people seem to get angry when I say it, but it's not a promise, it's a gamble. Don't bet more than you can lose. At this point, I'm not seeing a delay (since my reward is supposed to ship in April), so I'm having a hard time understanding the vitriol on the various comment threads towards the creators. I realize some people wanted their product in December, like was "promised", but I don't take KS promises as if they were product orders. I've yet to have a single project complete & ship on time. It's the nature of the beast. @BRandon this is the 12th project I have funded and it has nothing to do with technology. I ordered a pair of shoes from some guys in France and they never arrived - 1 year after funding the project. Technology products on KS are not well managed and that is really the problem. I am happy to fund a project but being forced to wait 3-4 months after the promised ship date is really bad business. Oh and I know this isn't a business...but that is ultimately what this is...they are making money and we should have a right to give feedback on the experience and choose to back out of their project if they are unable to deliver or provide items in a reasonable time frame. @John You seem to expect products that are under development by young businesses (usually doing their first production run) to be delivered on time. That is rare. You should probably not be looking at projects in the 'technology' category. I attempted to seek a refund via Amazon and was told: 1. Even as an early backer, I still had no grounds for a refund since they technically haven't missed the december deadline. 2. On appeal I attempted to point out that the design of the product had changed significantly but this claim was also denied. I received an email from Penelope stating that they had already used my finds to manufacture the products - total BS. I will be calling my credit card company tomorrow to start a claim against the company and dispute the transaction. KS seems to be rampant with these kinds of projects! @paul vincent farrell I reported that I saw abusive behavior on this project. I mentioned that posts from users were getting pretty nasty and the CGC team refused to answer emails and give updates. As examples I suggested they look at the last update comments. My dispute failed. Amazon told me I couldn't report it to them. Anyone else have luck? I am an early backer. Maybe I should try to submit a ticket about not receiving my goods. @Robert Morgan, I'm wondering which option did you choose after clicking on the "report this project" button? I just don't get this ongoing "we're currently working on it" with regard to an update on software development. "Working on" what? I mean, it takes less than 5 minutes to write a short update saying for example: "The software requires functions X, Y and Z. The current status is: X - completed. Y - a few issues with ABC, in situations like..... Z - 80% complete but still requires the following issues to be resolved…." With such appalling lack of communication and ongoing (unjustified) excuses, I can't fathom how they expect backers to remain committed. I got this PM From CGC, however I find it very poor and suspicious that they can't update everyone altogether instead of responding t PM's. "Hey Johnny, It is not too much to ask, we have said that we would publish an update on software development progress and we will very soon. We are currently working on it. Do you have specific suggestions on what kind of material you'd like to see? Penelope for the Lima team" I regret to say that today I clicked on the link "Report this project to Kickstarter", but I see no other way to get CGC to start to be responsive. Maybe if more people do this, we might get a response from the CGC team. You can find the button to submit your comment to Kickstarter at the bottom of the main page of the project. I don't know about everyone else, but all I want is for CGC to respond with a new time line. I've disputed with my cc with ks on one project and won. It's possible So has anyone been successful to get their money back ? I am surprised that KS wouldn't have a back out plan if the teams don't deliver within a "reasonable" time. This user's account has been deleted. @Ls Song Rocket Scientist is a job description, not a state of mind. I wish I had more experience in a field that moved more quickly. 3 to 5 years to go from preliminary design to flight really limits the breadth of experience a person can accrue. And I disagree about the scam smell, but I'd like some evidence from the creators that I'm not wrong. @Brandon D Wow! you design algorithms that run satellites! Really interesting job.... My job is designing consumer electronics and it's happy to see people using products I designed. I think you must be happy whenever you look up at the sky... Haha... Anyway, for this Lima project, the smell of scam is getting thicker, if it's not already thick enough.... sigh... Kurt - If anybody needs to know the main page, faqs are frozen after the project finished by KS so they can't update anything. @Khürt: If I'm wrong, please let me know. Always learning :) @Khürt: From the pogoplug site, "Automatic backup for your phone & computer Use Pogoplug’s free mobile apps for iOS and Android, as well as our free backup software for PC and Mac, to back up all your photos, movies and files to your private cloud—automatically and wirelessly." Pogoplug is a dropbox-style backup solution with options to view, sort and share your data in the cloud. Lima aims to function as a centralized hard disk for your pc, laptop, phone .. Dear CGC, Please check your inbox for my private message. This is a reminder in case you do not see it. Thanks! From the Kickstarter FAQ: It's not uncommon for things to take longer than expected. Sometimes the execution of the project proves more difficult than the creator had anticipated. If a creator is making a good faith effort to complete their project and is transparent about it, backers should do their best to be patient and understanding while demanding continued accountability from the creator. But ... People will reach out during the course of the project with questions about your project. These may range from queries on delivery dates to specific technical questions. These inquiries should be answered promptly and, in cases where other backers are asking the same information, publicly with a project update and through your Project FAQ (under your project description). Transparency is vital on Kickstarter. <url>"Estimated delivery: " dates on the Kickstater page. A simple question to the CGC team--When should we expect the promised update for this project? I think Transporter Sync (a former Kickstarter project) is close to Lima, but if we get Lima it will certainly have some additional advantages like being able to use more than one external drive and a browser interface. @Merjin don't be ridiculous. Pogoplug is NOT a backup solution. @Khürt: Pogoplug is a backup solution. Lima is all about shared memory. Wow! The comment section blew up. I'm a bit disappointed given that my unit was expected in January. The first day of spring in the USA is March 20,2014. The last day is June 24, 2014! That's a four month window plus the two months of winter. You have given us a 6 month delay. Kudos for trying to spin that into a positive -- a unrequested hardware design. Someone keeps pointing out that Lima isn't really about the hardware. It's about the software. The hardware and software together to turn a USB drive into a NAS. If so then why wasn't that written upfront? Lima is then no different than pogoplug. @Ls Song In complicated projects with many layers of operations that are necessarily hidden from the human user, the GUI is usually thought out up front coarsely, while the underlying technologies are developed and tested. I believe that's what should be used here, since most of LIMA's functionality is automatic and requires very little user input. So instead of developing a GUI, they'd just list what needs to be accessible from the GUI, then build the guts to suit it. The GUI can be made (and re-made) later until it is pretty. Source: I design algorithms that run satellites. They get used by other algorithms usually, and occasionally by humans. The humans get a human-intelligible display to tell them what's going on, but the users that are focused on are other people's algorithms. This approach is reasonable here since the user interaction should not have great breadth I think. Most of what Lima does is to help Lima keep things straight. Illuminati: Thanks for detailed refund instructions! @Brandon D Actually GUI is the 1st thing to be developed since it defines the user interface flow. User interface flow will define the underlying logic. So GUI is very important. In HW design, ID (industrial design, the outlooking of a product) is also the 1st thing need decided, since it affect the shape of the inside guts (PCB, ...) Of course, the ID needs to be reasonable (like large enough to accommodate all parts). That's why ID usually be done by special ID designer who knows how product is developed, not a thing anyone with only a sense of beauty can do. Funny, I would develop the GUI last… An update with some screenshots or a video of your user interface application would significantly lift the veil of suspicion and reassure a lot of people. Even if it doesn't completely work yet. Since the GUI is the first thing usually developed for an application it should exist and would take only a tiny amount out of your schedule to produce. This user's account has been deleted. Sorry, I'm sure the answer is in the previous 1,373 comments, but how do I go about *attempting* to get a refund? This user's account has been deleted. @Joseph Balderson I totally second all your comments with one minor adjustment if you permit me. I don't mind Kickstarter delays. I don't mind tech products that need updates after release. I also don't mind the product being off the mark, and sub par in comparison to a relatively similar product on the market. I want good communication, transparency, backer involvement, accountability and a genuine approach that leaves little doubt for anything else. I want a start ups integrity over everything else. Thats lasting power. I am along for the ride...as long as the ride is there....and the operators are pushing the buttons...I am golden... I also happen to be a software developer, and I've been doing this for some time. And what I have learned is that when a project gets to a certain size and gets bogged down in bugs that need fixing (such as, in all probability, this project), NO AMOUNT OF ADDITIONAL MONEY IS GOING TO MAKE IT GO ANY FASTER. So claims by so called "developers" that Lima can simply "hire more developers" to meet their December deadline is hogwash. I don't condone how Lima is communicating their need for an extended deadline. And I am not a developer on the project, so I cannot comment on whether their software is actually working well enough to release for a public beta in December. AND UNLESS YOU ARE A DEVELOPER ON THE PROJECT OR A PART OF THE LIMA TEAM, NEITHER CAN YOU. I do not believe this is a hardware project: the NAS device has already been built by a third party AFAIK. They are developing custom firmware for the NAS, desktop software to interact with the NAS, and a web product to facilitate certain UX features. I have heard the argument by naysayers that what Lima is doing could be done by anyone with a knowledge of NAS firmware, desktop OS and web programming. Well, if it's so easy, why have these smarypants not done it yet? Just because a service is "possible" or that "many others have the skills" doesn't mean that what's been created is a waste of time as some supposedly tech-savvy people have implied. The beauty of the internet business models is that any team with the right technical knowledge can combine pieces that others have been using for some time to create a very unique product. What Lima is doing is unique in the NAS/cloud-sharing space. Otherwise over twelve thousand people would not have pledged to it. Delays are a part of software development. And given what they are trying to do, delays are more than understandable. So just take a chill pill already. I have filed a claim against Lima as well. I encourage you to do the same. To be blunt I just want to say, based off of previous tech KS projects that had similar starts. At the very best you can assume you will either. 1. Get your Lima EXTREMELY delayed. I assume they will at the least delay everyone but the early KS backers even further. (Don't forget they told us they already had created the entire early backer order, where the hell did all those Lima's go?) 2. You will never see it. Ever. 3. It will finally ship, so buggy, useless, and slow that it will make OUYA look like an PS4.... This user's account has been deleted. I am waiting for CGC to explain what they have been doing so far and why they need extra time. If it's not satisfactory I am going to dispute the charge with my card and amazon whether they are going to refund or not. If enough of us do that, I am sure we will get noticed. Thanks Amazon payment is neither 90 days nor 60 days, it is just 30 days. So whoever tries to open a dispute is out of luck. Amazon: "You can submit a complaint under the Buyer Dispute Program within 30 calendar days of payment if any of the following are true:..." Prince - they have explained why USB3 won't improve performanace as much as driving up costs - a better bonus would be to upgrade to power over ether or some such to get rid of the separate power supply Hi If you guys wanted to add usb 3 on your devices, then it would be a great reason to delay.. and i thought this was the surprise and i started reading the update.. but i was wrong. If you implement this feature i'm pretty sure everyone will be happy.. This user's account has been deleted. @ alien stick- I agree with you. Even though I am gonna receive my Lima in April, I am not convinced about the reasons for delay. I am waiting for their update- hopefully before the 3 months deadline to dispute the transaction. I have no problem in patiently waiting for my product as long as they have a valid reason. If it smells suspicious then I would want my refund back. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Basic principles of business. Deliver what you promise. You don't deliver, you'd have plenty of pissed off people. Remember, Social media is a very powerful tool. If you updated people on progress weekly, then you wouldn't be running into unhappy KS backers. We need an explanation to the very vague update you posted today. Patience is wearing thin for a lot of people. Nobody cares about the design. What is the difference if there are 1,000 or 10,000 orders if the manufacturing process is ok but the software is the problem? Copy and paste 10x more. That's it. But I guess you care about special features 99.9999% us us don't need. Give us the hardware with basic functions so that we are 80% satisfied and update it regularly. Either you deliver on promised schedule or you give source code for free and deliver later. Otherwise I wish you all the worst and that you will never have an successful business. PS. What means 'spring'? Which year? This user's account has been deleted. I think, like many others, I'm utterly sick of kickstarter projects that don't stick to their delivery date. I might have been more easily mollified but for the fact that: - this is the latest in a string of delayed projects - very crucially, CGC has been sh*t about updating us and this latest update is crap as well. My take: if you can't deliver on time, I want a refund. I refuse to wait 3 or 4 months. Plug or "Lima". You are not the first Kickstarter to push back anticipated date and won't be the last. This being said I would rather have a better product, BUT you have to give us more consistent updates. You can't just come up with less than 4 days in November and say that it can't be done until Spring, not even giving us a date. This shows that your planning team doesn't exist, or needs to be terminated and a new one hired. And to "make-up" for this 4-5 month delay you give us a completely different design with no color implications. We backed the original design first off, the design doesnt matter to us, we want the item with an awesome interface. I have another kickstarter that got delayed; however, they gave an exact time, 5 weeks, for the product delay. Plus they gave us REAL BENEFITS AND EXTRAS • Gorilla glass • ATM5 with completely redesigned integrated and molded strap • Improved UI with icons and windows in screens • 4-8 additional designer watch faces • All notification forwarding in Android and iPhone • Innovative and thoughtful packaging You should take their route's advice, because this delay has pissed off so many of your backers. We pledged $1,229,074 for this device. You got our money, now it is time for you to get the product out to the public. Give us a REAL date of when this will be available. No BS, a real date. This user's account has been deleted. If it looks like a fish and smells like a fish, it probably is a fish. Currently, Lima smells like a fish that is rotting in the sun. At this point, the only way for us to get any money back would be through legal action, correct? Basically that would be futile for us consumers and only useful through a class action, which would be punitive to Lima, and reward the lawyers much better then us consumers. Who cares what colour it is, not going to be looking at once it's setup. This delay is BS and unnecessary. Software is update able as everyone has said!!! This user's account has been deleted. Also I do not need a new designed Lima I fully disagree with the new design this change only makes your HW delivery more delayed and creates an extra risk in the project!!! I absolutly agree with Greg. Send the hardware now and update later. Second delay a project without a new scheduled delivery date "spring"? Where on the world spring. A delay to the spring is unacceptable. Ship now, update software later. Agree with Alan Wolf. Software is updateable. Ship the hardware and fulfill the immediate obligations. (Yes, KS is not a shop, but that doesn't mean there are no obligations.) NOT okay with delay. Ship hardware on time, do software upgrades later. Just read your update from 27th Nov. While I'm hardly surprised based on my track record with KickStarter, as all my recent backed projects being delivered late, it is disappointing when project deadline dates are missed. This late delivery is frustrating and costly, as my Annual Dropbox Subscription expires on the 29th Nov and I was prepared to pay for a month extension to cover the period for the LIMA device being delivered, but being that will be delayed til Spring means I'm going to have to pay ££'s more to maintain my Dropbox Cloud Storage while I await your product. @Brandon D, Actually I watched Lima on kickstarter for a while before I backed it. I also told some friends about it and got them to back it as well. anyone else having issues login-in to the backer dashboard? i logged in once but now when i put in my credentials the page is just refreshed... I know i got the credentials right because i even had to change my password but no luck When is the product expected to ship? @Thomas Schultz Check out the reviews: <url>"strange but true" - but its all sorted now - the team is using Zendesk for responses and they are lighting fast- "Go team"!! @Deze Man and @The JJ yep that's the right spot. Just click on the type you want to select it. @ The JJ I thought it was already there.. Just below where you select your colour . Power adapter: US EU UK AU I thought it was already there.. Just below where you select your colour . Power adapter: US EU UK AU @ Kamilah Carter Ok - found the info on the FAQ but adapter info was not included in backer dashboard. I reached out to the team. Thanks Are we on track for Dec deliveries? @Junhwa Park and @The JJ The FAQs include an answer to your question: <url>#project_faq_62138 Basically US and EU adapters are included. The type of adapter you want can be selected through the backer dashboard. @EddieT In regards to questions and answers there is this comment stream, the question section of the dasher backer and the FAQs at the bottom of the main project page. Limas don't have multi user functionality at this point but there are plans to develop it. @ Creator & Junhwa Park 2nd that!!!!!!! OH WOW!! That is a REALLY REALLY REALLY GOOD QUESTION!! Dose the power adapter support AC 110-240V, 50-60Hz??????? Does Lima have a Wiki page with questions and answers? Also, can Lima be stacked or split, so that multiple Users have their own Private Lima connected to the Same Router? Dose the power adapter support AC 110-240V, 50-60Hz? I have not yet received the invitation. Thank you for sending it to me. This user's account has been deleted. still no mail! Hello, will the lima work with a HDD Sata docking station like this one: HDD Docking Station IT-190 USB 2.0 Interface Link: <url>~SATDOCK4U3 Thanks for the answer. Got the email I found the email checking the spam folder I'm still waiting for the Dashboard email... still waiting for an email ): after you check your rewards and have everything set, is their a complete order button? Still no email, no answer from the team after sending an email either. :-( @ Stephen Miller, hey if your still looking to sell yours yes I am interested, hit me up at gunslinger21143 at gmail, I'm in Maryland. Later Just emailed them with the question where my login credentials where. They respond in les then 10 minutes: "Hello, First of all thank you for being a backer :) Don't worry, your invitation will come shortly! Since we proceed by batches, it's now just a matter of one or two days. Thanks again! Amandine for the Lima team" So a little more patience is needed guys.. @Armando +1 Still haven't received my invite to the dashboard.... @Roman- I am very early bird. You might be right. Send a support message to CGC through the dashboard. Marcus - are you very early or early bird? Because I am early bird and my reward on their website says I have classic lima. However I backed for early bird, which I can see here as well. There are also a few guys with the same problem. I am wondering, that probably very early birds are correctly shown in meetlima site while early birds (same price as classic) cant pick blue color. @greg: I can choose the blue color. Are you sure you selected the correct pledge in order to be able to select the blue color? Only the very early bird and early bird pledges are eligable for the blue color. So how's production? Which part of manufacturing are you at? How's the software and app going? Are we on track for December? Obviously not but when will be the revised eta? You said that you wanted to improve on communications but I have not seen any improvement? I've got my backer dashboard and I noticed, instead of displaying the limited blue lima it says I'm down for a classic black one? Are there not going to be blue limas anymore? @Troy don't think so, mine is a December pledge. it's been 24 hours and still no sight of the backer dashboard... sorry i'm a bit impatient ;) I imagine they have only sent out backer dashboards for certain pledge levels, others are probably still not ready no email here either No email here either - hmmmm...when is the worry cut off? hmmmm...by Monday? @Lee Givens If you got one of the first perks then shipping wasn't included in the cost (there was a note to add $10 for shipping.) If you didn't do that you may still owe. The total costs including shipping are: Very Early Bird $69 Early Bird/Classic $79 Backup Pack $149 Some of the perks already had shipping included, notably the Classic Second Batch, Classic Extended, Backup Pack Second Batch and Backup Pack Extended. The earlier rewards required that you add the shipping cost on to top of the reward cost ($10 per device). If you did pay the correct amount, I recommend messaging the Lima team directly. Noticed on the backer dashboard, Lima is asking for an additional $10 for shipping. Uh, that's an error! I'm thinking about selling my early-bird blue Lima that is due to arrive in December. Anybody interested? Not happy about the personal questions. I didn't back FaceLima, or NSA-Lima. Please remove the personal questions from the dashboard so I can get my Lima. No dashboard yet? Lols CGC nice backers dashboard, thanks just filled in questions and ideas and did choose my colour @Kamilah Thanks for the great volunteer job you helped a lot of people to get the posted information clear. I think as a reward you should have your Lima for free. Now the dashboard is opened, hopefully the Lima team will extend their response on Questions. On the other hand I can understand that the focus was on the product the last weeks. @dokumaya I'm still here! I just don't answer questions unless its been answered in the past or I'm really sure of my response! Kamilah too has been quiet of late. She's feeling 'tired' doing 'volunteer covering' works for the CGC team, I guess... Yeah well...we can only hope the product is good and works as advertised but if their PR is any indicator of the quality of their work, I am not expecting much. It is one thing to be lacking in this regard for a while and then owning up to it and fixing the problem, it is another to lead on your customers/partners and claim you will do better multiple times and never really do it...I will only receive my product in April but I can't wait to see how it goes with the december batch! What next few days... it's coming close to 2 weeks! i'm starting to get very disappointed with their communication and promises... i'm starting to doubt if they could even deliver the December shipment in time Where is the backer dashboard? @GoodStuff Android is open-source (kinda), so that's a technical issue, not a legal one. iOS is closed and locked. To get that capability there, it would require a jailbreak (which I strongly advocate), but which causes other problems that many people don't want to deal with. I think their proposed solution for phones is the best paradigm for the current ecosystems. There's no legal issue to it though, hacking your own device is legal, as is selling or giving away software that hacks devices. @Brandon -- Thanks. I imagine it is possible to give Lima iCloud-like capability by digging deep into mobile OS coding. However, it could become a legal issue. @The JJ If someone says " Does Lima back up apps and app data on mobile devices, or does the memory of the mobile device essentially trap apps and app data?" , "the former" would refer to the statement before the word "or" and "the latter" would refer to the statement after "or". The meaning of my post is to say that Lima won't back up your mobile device, it gives your mobile device a connection to your Lima'd data. Sorry Brandon D - explain : ) ? Thanks! @goodstuff. The latter. Sorry if this was asked already: Does Lima back up apps and app data on mobile devices, or does the memory of the mobile device essentially trap apps and app data? @CGC: Glad to hear it! I think there should be support for both leaving it at home as well as taking it with you. If you take it with you, the files are already marked for offline viewing so Lima application shouldn't be needing to do anything really. If the files weren't marked for offline viewing though, it gets tricky. Should the external drive always be blank and Lima tells you what's on it (based on your mapping-settings for the Lima application on THAT computer) - meaning you can use the same external drive on different computer and have it be populated with different data depending on which computer? Or should the external drive be populated with some Lima -data file so that no matter which computer you hook it up to, the Lima application on that computer will read the Lima -data file and populate the drive with the correct mapping-information based on the data file - meaning the same data will always be used for that drive? I think perhaps there should be an option for both? In the case of leaving the drive at home, since the Lima application connected to the external drive at home has backed everything up to your Lima-cloud, on your laptop you'll be able to see that drive "mapping" (in the Lima application) and map it to a specific folder on your laptop. Selective mapping is a must! I might not want to map my entire external drive from home onto a folder on my laptop but perhaps only one of the subfolders in that external drive. I hope this explains more of how my vision for selective mapping/syncing is :) Kind regards. @Amber Taal, if your Lima is scheduled for December delivery, I'll buy yours. @Pierre The fact that kickstarter is not a store and the products are not finished is explicitly written in the terms of service of the website. There are also links for backers to check out the credibility of project creators. I don't get what part of this is hard to understand, if you're willing to read. If you're not willing to read, you should become accustomed to being disappointed. @Andre-Pierre Rossignol Maybe we should not be fooled too much here, Kickstarter is an online shop for most people, because when you back a company you don't just buy a product, you invest and accept the risks. The fact that it's all mixed up here should not allow companies to avoid consumers protection laws and such, don't you think ? The kickstarter TOS is not defining the very nature of their business, it's merely describing what they would like us to accept. It could be wrong or unlawful and should not be used as a proof or definition of what they are. The relations between a paying customer and the seller are framed by the law, and even if the law states that crowdfunding might be an exception, it doesn't even mean it's right or honest or expected by the end user. What makes Lima different than another NAS adapter like Pogoplug? @Amber Taal You seem to be mistaking Kickstarter for an online shop. You didn't buy a product, you backed the company that creates it and if they feel like it they will send us one.... Your money went to support them accordingly with the Kickstarter TOS and there's not much you can do :) @Amber This isn't Amazon. Kickstarter doesn't provide a mechanism for canceling and refunding. I would like to cancel my order. I have already sent three emails about this, but did not receive an answer yet. I understand you guys are busy, but I will try it this way. @Creator Can you please inform us are you still on schedule for delivery Dec 2013? Any update on the timing for delivery to Canada? I'll have to wait and see what comes in the box. Yeah, the FAQ says the Web Interface of Lima comes from their server (not a huge fan of that myself) and then a decentralized announcement when connected to the WWW that tells the other Limas(on the same local LAN?) and I would assume the central server, "I'm here and this is where you can find me" Having not seen the CGC server interface, it might accept the IP/port or the Lima's unique ID plus a configured Username/and password for access. Maybe it will even take a CGC cert for secondary authentication. I'd rather be responsible for my Lima and hit it directly. I would rather it NOT announce it's presence to the world, but only to other Lima's and clients that I would specifically give it permission to talk to like another known/private Lima and devices on the local LAN. These Lima devices are running 24/7, if their IPs change, they should be smart enough to know which authorized devices/apps access them and then update those devices/apps with new access parameters when an necessary. "I THINK" the app and the Lima have their own security certs with a public and private component to share with each other to facilitate security and seamlessly allow for these kinds of updates without human intervention once established. I am pretty sure I saw a comment about this earlier in the chain, but I can't be certain. Certs are great, but I would swap the default cert with a new random cert before deploying it. That would beg the question Can I change the cert? If I make the change to the Lima's cert on a local LAN and then deploy it, how with the central server recognize it only by it's unique ID and not the default associated Cert? Do I request to add my Lima-bean to the central server and it gets added? Do I need to start with the default cert and then change it? Can I operate on a local LAN or Secure VPN with VLANs without the central server or access to the open Internet and still have some regular functionality without the web interface? There might be an FAQ out there just for this, maybe that post I saw oh so long ago that I just haven't bothered to go back to. Maybe I'll just have to use of creative port-forwading and VPNs to eliminate some of the curious from seeing that listening port. Security is the peanut butter or the flour in your cake and not the sugary icing on top. @Keith, @Brandon D, @Goodstuff You might find two of the FAQ questions on the main page helpful What happens if CGC dies? <url>#project_faq_62443 (tech) What about IP address resolving and VPN? <url>#project_faq_62445 @Keith The server is needed so you can go to a web page (MyLima.com perhaps) and the server there will point you to your device for authentication. Without that server, each Lima would need a DNS entry I think which would require a static IP (though I'm unclear on how IP addressing, public and private IP's, routing, and DNS actually work). @Brandon and @GoodStuff, I was under the impression that the web pages for the web based browsing came from the central server and not the Lima. That and direct negotiation on the local network was at the Lima level. Not really sure why a central server is needed either other than maybe the Lima is pretty small and trying to get all that code onto that small device without off-loading some of that onto the storage media has to be a concern. I thought it was mentioned previously that the power plugs will be given according to your region? Correct me if in wrong Lols. @Goodstuff Once the client and the Lima find each other (however, with assistance from 3rd party server or not), the data transfer can go direct. SIP and VoIP do this. So no 3rd party server is required to handle your data. Another vote for uk plugs ... @Keith I also want Lima to do authentication internally, bypassing the need for a central server. Ideally, each Lima user would be responsible for their own communications. However, I don't think this is currently possible, and I'm not really sure why. In other words, the network is the pathway between to A and B, where A and B can freely trade. Remove the pathway, and A and B are left to look for a meeting spot in order to trade with each other. Thanks Brandon. What is unclear to you is essentially what is unclear to me. If you are local, ie, on the same WIFI network as your Lima, your devices communicate directly, in a "decentralized" way. Decentralized communication between devices means they find each other on a shared network, exchange cryptographic "metadata" to find one another, and then move data between each other once they connect. Centralized communication occurs when your device and your Lima are on *different* networks. Since your device and the Lima cannot directly exchange cryptographic "metadata" before exchanging data, they first must find a mutual "meeting point." That meeting point is the CGC server, ie, the "middle man" I was referring to. Also, Ron = run on an iPhone. @goodstuff The programs that Ron are stored on the Lima unit itself. Almost certainly Lima stores indexing data on the users hard drives. When Liam receives a request, Lima Reads the indexing data then grabs the necessary files, then sends them directly to whatever user requested them. The user that does this request is the Lima application running on your computer or on your mobile device. The only part of this that is unclear to me is how the client application running on your computer or mobile device finds the address of the Lima unit itself. CGC does run a server, but according to their descriptions, the only involvement of that server is to handle requests made the the web, instead of from a client application running on one of your devices. I hope that helps. Just a thought, maybe CGC can provide some clean and simple diagrams to explain to us simple folk how your witchcraft works? I believe I read some where Lima does have some behind-the-scenes software written onto the attached hard drives.... How exactly does that work? @Andre @Keith .... I am a bit technically challenged in this area, but a NAS essentially works on an embedded operating system that contains programs written to allow direct FTP access to the data stored on it. With Lima, our simple, vanilla hard drives are just blank discs formatted to work with all the gadgetry we've attached. They don't have any programs written on them that will allow direct access. Correct me if I'm wrong, but that would require Lima to be considerably more robust, both hardware and software-wise. Also, the CGC team would have to develop a program that runs on our hard drives attached to Lima so that, at least to some extent, those hard drives (through Lima) can send our data -- not directly to our shiny mobile devices -- but to a server that stores our data. Then, the Lima software works as an FTP-like access to that server, where we have a nice mobile UI to access our data. Unless my understanding is all wrong (which totally possible, so please chime in), the "middle man" server is a necessary way-point for our data. This raises my concern with security (I was mercilessly hacked once before, and I will not stand to have it happen again): the server remains exploitable, and prone to standard server problems (outages, etc). The more links in the chain between our hard drives and our mobile devices, the less secure our data becomes. Thoughts? Corrections? Words of comfort? CGC, a couple of questions after reading some of your answers below: I read that Lima will back up all files on the computer. Can this be disabled? Because I intend to use Lima from 6 or more computers. Each will have something like 500 GB of programs and other data recoverable from installation media stored, and this will fill up the Lima pretty quickly. I would prefer the Lima to carry only my user data. If I do use the backup functionality, how does Lima connect a reformatted machine to the existing backup? If Lima backs up all files, isn't there a big chance that a corrupted machine will be restored to the non-functional state because the problems have been backed up? Andre, I agree, but I'm just looking at the FAQs, and they say that THEIR server will do the web authentication and provide server pages. I'd rather have Lima do it internally. @GoodStuff @Keith I don't understand why your data would have to go through a "middle-man server". It would be counter-productive and quite expensive to run for the company and they have no reason to do that as the Lima device is its own server and will stream the data directly to you without going through any 3rd party server. Won't be any different than accessing your NAS from another network with your login credentials. Sorry if someone already asked ( I did not see it). But will the Lima be compatible with Ubuntu 13.10? GoodStuff, Since the device isn't handling authentication, you can bet that the servers know your password to perform that action. The servers also serve up the web pages that list the content of your device. As you say, it wouldn't take much to read your device at any time and pull your data from the server itself. I've asked the the device could serve up it own pages and do authentication to keep the server out of the loop, but no answer on that yet. I like that they have taken a piece of hardware and added software functionality. But, if they could drop the software onto the local HDs and not the server I would feel better. At the very least, it seems impossible that the server could be blind to my metadata (let alone the fact that the server's "blindness" can be undone by any custodian operating the server). In other words, the server knows from where my data is coming and to where it is going. From there, it's plausible that any eavesdropper can deduce a user's sensitive information leading to some serious privacy concerns. I'm terribly sorry if this point was already covered, but I'm wondering about the "middle-man." If my data is synced with my Lima-connected hard drives on WiFi network A, what server does the data get passed along to when I access my data on a mobile device on WiFi network B? There is no shared "nexus point" between Lima and my mobile device running on a distant WiFi network, so doesn't that means the Lima software must package and send my data to a third-party "middle man" server? If that's true, that seems to imply the "middle man" server must continuously keep a copy of all my data, which defeats the purpose of the privacy aspect of Lima since I don't have control over how my data is stored on the "middle man" server. Looking at the wall wart in the picture it looks the same as others I have used. As well as being multi voltage input,The plug section slides off when the button above the prongs is pressed so you can change configuration depending on the country requirements. so you wont need to specify a different unit for each country. Thanks Kamilah! @David Milliken there is a very detailed answer to that in the FAQ. Search enabled comments would be great! With the newest routers / PC having USB 3.0 is there any possibility for Lima to come with USB 3.0 rather than the much slower USB 2.0? My apologies as I'm sure this has already been addressed, but I can not search the comments to find it. (why!?) @Colin Ong CGC released an updated with more information regarding Chromecast when they first announced integration with it. It's update #5 and you can read it here: <url>"offline version". And then when I'm on the road, I can simply map a single music library off of all libraries in my Lima, to my laptop in a specific directory. To illustrate, I'll have this external drive structure: EXTERNAL:Music Libraries/Library1 EXTERNAL:Music Libraries/Library2 EXTERNAL:Music Libraries/Library3 EXTERNAL:Music Libraries/Library4 EXTERNAL:Music Libraries/Library... EXTERNAL:Music Libraries/Library11 etc. Lima syncs that to the Lima drive, but my computer will use the external drive with offline version for maximum speed. On my laptop, I'll map entire EXTERNAL:Music Libraries/ to INTERNAL:Whatever/. It'll use the "online version" of course but if I really want to use one of the libraries on my laptop, I'll just click a single library and mark it for offline version. I love the idea of Lima and it's definitely great as a first version of it. But for the future, I'd love to see more settings for the users to decide other directories to sync as well and not only the user directory. Kind regards, Marcus Thanks, Team, let's see if I understand a bit better. - Only one user account per machine is allowed to be synced to a Lima. I'll call it Don. - Nothing outside the user directory /Users/Don (on Windows) is shared on the Lima. Everything else on a machine remains untouched and unshared. However, you are working on some way to extend that to content which is outside of /Users/Don which the user can explicitly specify. - Within /Users/Don some, but not all, sub-directories are moved from where they are to the Lima and merged with the contents of those same directories from any other machine/user that is connected to it. You are also working on ways to exclude some of that content which the user can explicitly specify. Can you name which directories within /Users/Don are moved by default and which are not? - I'm left confused about /Users/Don/Desktop because that usually contains machine specific things like links to installed programs which are machine specific and to local directories one wants quick access too. Merging that among machines and moving it to the Lima seems terribly problematic. Please correct any mistakes in what I've written. I'm finally beginning to see that this is not aimed at my kind of environment where each machine on my LAN has a distinct configuration for specialized usage (or is a relic from the past) but rather for people who have a few machines of probably different physical form factors that have the same software and which the user just wants to all look alike and act alike and be in physical proximity to each other. I'm just not sure who that user is, though. @ CGC Thanks for the session clarification. Just to clarify on the sessions, does my user name on Mac have to be the same user name on Windows and / or Ubuntu in order that they sync as intended? This is important as I'll be rebuilding those machines next week. Also, if I have multiple Windows machines (with the same or with different Windows versions) where I have accounts with the same user name, can these sessions sync? Kinda makes the dropbox methodology look childishly simple, doesn't it? @kiodos the survey that went out is just to aid the CGC team in planning logistics. A backer dashboard with colour choice and address confirmation will be launched soon. Hello!! I am just lost...I backed a first-batch classic Lima and I received a survey for the delivery address at the beginning of october. Can I take advantage of the different colors goals even if I backed one of the first black Lima? When can I choose the color then? Thanks!! Any chance for an option to add a security password for each individual folders in the Lima app? That way we could share the Lima account with family members with each of us having our own passworded folders Yeah Don is right, the idea of having some "standard" folders on the lima is great, but the marketing crap is boring. We won't have "all our computer" saved, but the "have exactly the same content on all your devices" isn't that weird: dropbox for exemple does allow you to have the exact same content everywhere xD I too would like to have a more precise idea of how customizable the synced folders can be. For exemple, do you plan on standardizing the home folder contents of each OS ? Will my "Video" folder on fedora be synced with my "My Videos" Windows folder for exemple ? Or will it be fully customizable, like hard linking some lima folders wherever I want on Linux/Windows ? Can you stop the "you're awesome" rhetorics and explain us very early adopters what exactly we paid for ? Don't you have like a user manual two months before mass distribution ? I realize I sound like a customer that paid for a product, but the more I think about it, the more I think I actually am a customer :s sorry about that ! I agree with Don (but with a much milder tone, which isn't hard). I'd like to know what is sync'd and what is not, and how to control this. I'm curious because I have a multi-boot Hackintosh that has a large amount of space shared by multiple OS's (windows, Mac, and Linux). I expect I'll have to do something intelligent on my end when setting up Lima to make this not cause Lima to be confused or flip out. But I can wait til the devices are closer to shipping (or in my hand) to find out, as it isn't the kind of thing I'm willing to plan my computer usage around. "it's a software+hardware solution which manages files in place of Windows and Mac and enables you to have exactly the same content on all your devices, at all times." Once again, this is simply not possible nor desirable. Could you detail once and for all exactly what _folders_ (by their exact names on the systems) represent "all contents" to you. What, for example, if a machine has multiple user-accounts and thus multiple sets of user directories? The contents of user directories whether on one or many machines can intentionally be quite different, representing the different software configurations those users on those machines have created and installed. Trying to merge this all into one would result in chaos. It's been said here that desktops are identical. This too is neither possible nor desirable. As a simple example, what about the desktop program shortcuts which can be quite different between machines/users, representing the per user-account software installed on the systems. After Lima one would certainly not want a program shortcut to a program that is only installed on machine/user A to appear on any users desktop on machine B. What about gadgets, what about directories created per account/machine on their desktops, etc. Please be very, very specific in answering this should you choose to do so. The answers to this so far have been vague and soft to the point of incredible to anyone with more than the simplest understanding of what's inside a system. Pheww! At last! Thank you for the reply. It threw away my feeling of being 'cheated'. Sorry guys can't help it. You all being eerily quiet had contributed of me building up that feeling. Hope you keep your words about being actively responsive from now on. @ CGC: Glad you're back. But I miss the "Last Hours" banner on the front page, it looks like a badge certifying "we were really trying hard" even if it is a vestige. So Sad... ;-( @Benjamin Noland the shipping estimates are listed on the perks @DanMe I think they're still working through the backlog. If you post your question here I may be able to help if it's been answered in the past. Hi... I send an email to <email> on last tuesday but no response. GCG Can you give us an update? Im anxious by this but am starting to be a little worry. Thanks Ok Lima, I'm really impressed. By the way guys, Lima is still with us! I have just received a reply from them regarding a PM that i sent them months ago. This shows that they are actually going through all their PM backlogs and giving detailed answers for them. I bet that my PM was already overpiled by thousands of other questions but hey, i just received a detailed reply for them. Now it would be good if Lima will actually post a formal update so that backers will know that they are still here:) Can the Lima stream a Full HD, 15Gigs 35MBps movie via the UPnP on the local network? Any new shipping est.? @CGC It could be fun to have news from you, its been a while... How is it going ? @Rajesh I understand, I think everyone would prefer official answers like 99% of the time. I am not providing answers instead of official answers I'm providing answers instead of no answers. Everything I say is drawn from previous CGC comments. No offense taken! @Kamilah- I hope you don't take this in a negative way. Unless you are the OFFICIAL spokesperson, I would prefer CGC answer the backers questions rather than you. Its a shame that after raising 1.3 M on KS, they are not actively answering the backers who made this a huge success- being busy does not justify their lack of interest or responsibility. Their last update is 1 month back and had only 2 responses since sept 8th after the project ended. CGC, can you please update the status of Lima. I do not want to check the social media to know the details. Thanks @Florent Bro Varin Yes, you will have a chance to edit your shipping address once the backer's dashboard has been launched. Will there be a way to edit the shipping address we give? @Petri, check their Twitter <url>"Last hours", over a month after succesfull funding.... @dokumaya I think they're just very busy from growing so quickly. I'm fairly knowledgeable about this project though, so feel free to ask me. If it was asked in the past I probably know and can repeat the information for you. TQ Kamilah, David for your responses. I appreciate it, really. But that answer only part of my question. Why aren't the CGC guyz doing the reply? @Brandon D I'm not sure what he is referring to. There have been similar posts in the past, usually referring to NAS devices. @ Kamilah Do you have any outside knowledge on what Jacob (a few posts down) was referring to by " Not worth it consider that competing products from name brands have come out since this was funded." I'm curious what's out there and haven't run across any personal cloud stuff that looked very integrated to me. I wish he'd actually provide information. @dokumaya the Addonics device is a NAS storage device where as Lima is a hardware and software solution. There is a more comprehensive FAQ on the differences between Lima and a NAS on the main page of the kickstarter. @dokuyama read the comments from the people who bought that product... riddled with complains. From a brief view, that product was released in 2009, probably outdated tech. And only supports Fat32 not NTFS. That's a big no no in my opinion. Why are they silent about what backer jminca asked on October 8? "Does anyone know what the difference is between the Addonics NAS device: <url>… and what we bought for almost double?" Don't think these guys have any concept of what communication means?? Any possibility for a torrent app coming for Lima? update! Update! +1 +1 Update! +1 Please provide an update, no news for last month. Thanks "Not worth it consider that competing products from name brands have come out since this was funded." Care to share the product names? I'm interested, and a few thousand other folks may be as well. You can post anything you want here. I've only seen Kickstarter pull 2 messages, and I've been amazed at what they didn't pull. What's the point of an early bird if I have to pay shipping which brings it to almost the retail price? I plan to cancel mine when they ask for the additional $10. Not worth it consider that competing products from name brands have come out since this was funded. Hey guys, just FYI I was not intending to goad Don but just joking replying to his post from 9 days ago "Where's Kamilah when we need her. :-)" I only answer questions I am sure of (repeating CGC explicitly given info) and answers that I am pretty sure of (always indicated in answer when I'm not 100% sure). I'm just really excited for this project, and I already did the research in order to answer my own questions, so just thought it would be nice to share that since CGC communications aren't super frequent. I am always happy to see their comments and increase my understanding of the project as well! Kamilah gives good info. But I understand Don's frustration a little bit because it's CGC's job to keep us informed and answer our questions. I think their absence is a shame and another shame is that backers need to take over the part CGC needs to do (I personally would prefer a question to be answered by CGC then by a backer, to be certain to get the right answer). It looks like they are more active on Twitter then on the platform that funded their project and where all the people are who are waiting for their Lima. But hey, if they deliver… It still wouldn’t be a bad plan to invest in customer service (hire someone like Kamilah who enjoys answering questions and knows what they are talking about). I also appreciate Kamilah - as her attempts at re posting information, and or summarizing is helpful and thoughtful. "Bah humbug" to all who think otherwise. I am looking @ you Don. What..too early for Xmas references? :D !! @Kamilah Thanks for the info! @GoodStuff I didn't receive a confirmation either. I wouldn't worry about it since this survey was for logistics planning purposes. A Backer Dashboard with shipping and colour information is going to be launched before the devices are shipped. @Brandon thanks! I try my best :) @ Don Angry much? You sound like you need a hug. Kamilah is restating what CGC has posted previously with near-perfect accuracy. What's the problem? Filled out the shipping information survey via email, but received no confirmation. Is that to be expected? Non window systems, my bad. It syncs all the files from your desktop, documents, pictures, music and videos folders, or the equivalent on non Mac systems. There isn't a choice about which of these files to sync. There is my clarified answer. @Kamilah. No not in the least. I wish you would stop shooting from the hip. e.g. it is utterly, absolutely wrong to say, "at this point Lima syncs your entire computer." If that were even possible, which it isn't, it would be a disaster. Connect your computers to a Lima and they magically become identical? Please. Like that "answer" this whole thing is utter B.S. @ZzmadzZ at this point Lima syncs your entire computer, options like you expressed interest in my by available in the future but there's not guarantee @Don Gateley aww did you miss me? :P @Simon Chen Dybvik, @Lorcan Fredrik Garvey, @Christopher M West, @BAN, @terry, @David Popovici, @Robert Frisbie, @Johnny, @Kenneth Fread A backers dashboard is going to be launched that will allow you to pay any missing shipping fees, choose colour and confirm your shipping address. The current survey is being used to gauge where things will need to be shipped for planning purposes. @KRIS very early birds should be apart of the colour selection from my understanding @Rob B Mon on their website I believe you can sign up to receive an email when more units are available for preorder. It's unlikely they'll be ready for the same ship date as the kickstarter units. They also probably will be full price. @Dan J Martinez the CGC team definitely is considering all the suggestions that were given but haven't made any announcements regarding a USB 3 device. There's information about why USB 3 and Ethernet shouldn't improve the user experience significantly enough to account for the cost in the FAQs @jminca this is a software and hardware solution that unifies your storage while the Addonics decide is a NAS. There's also a FAQ about how Lima differs from a NAS on the main page. @Nekratal the files are accessed from the hard drives attached to Lima. Your computer doesn't need to be on. @Albert Ang, @KittyCanuck I don't think so but don worry since the survey is just for logistics and there is going to be a users dashboard launched which you will be able to enter your address and select colours etc. In response to your update reminder, received by email: I submitted the form and provided up-to-date address info. However, I'm still concerned that you have not provided a method to pay the additional $10-- shipping (as reminded to "add" on the form). Please advise. Your last reply was "don't worry ... etc." But, we're getting closer to the shipping time frame. Please do everyone favor and clarify this situation to avoid snags. Thanks @Scott; Kind of the same that would happen if your internal hard drive dies - you lose your files if you don't back them up. Lima isn't really a backup solution. It's a way to centralize your data in one place while being able to access it from different devices. With that said, your files marked for "offline viewing" will of course stay on your computer. And I'm assuming that all the other files that the Lima has cached for you on your computer will also stay on your computer. But no, it will not save *all* your files on the Lima -drive on your computer until you plug in a new drive. Solution; Plug in at least two drives into your Lima, make a RAID 1 so that the same data exists on both drives. If you have a hard drive failure and one of them dies, you have the other one (just be sure to replace the dead drive with a new one and initialize the RAID again). On top of that I would suggest you to use an offsite backup cloud since the RAID backup solution really only protects against hard drive failures. If your house burns down, you have a robbery, flooding or something similar, both of your drives can/will fail/die so an offsite backup plan is always good to have. Will there be a way to edit the shipping address we give? I may be moving before the April 2014 shipping date of my Lima. What happens if the hard drive I am using dies? Will the files stay on the computer until I can plug another drive in? Hi All, I have a bit of a technical question regarding Lima. I'm thinking of hooking up 2x3TB HDDs into it so that we have practically 6TB of 'cloud' storage. My question pertains to more the Media Server management of things. I've had a look around at media centre management softwares like XBMC and Plex. I assume that we need to have another interface for Lima to communicate to the TV, such as a Raspberry Pi running XBMC - my question is for those who are very apt in XBMC, do you see a way to add the Lima-connected HDDs into your XBMC? Thanks all! Looking forward to having this baby shipped! @Nekratal No you don't need to leave your computer on. You need to connect a harddrive to Lima too where you need to transfer your files. And lima is connected to your router. So you computer, phone and other become a viewer of the storage, which you can also see when you are at your friends house. Is there a way to modify the address in the survey? I kind of made a slight mistake in it and would like to correct it. Hey there, I have a really basic question I could not find the answer to in all of the information or even the comments here. Let's say I visit a friend and want to show him/her some pictures from my latest vacation. Does my PC at home need to be turned on? Maybe I just overlooked it and the answer seems to be "yes of course" from a logical standpoint, but I've never found a clearification. And if the answer is indeed a yes, could there be a workaround, like a network drive or something? I really don't like letting my PC run when I leave the house. Let's just say I had a bad time when my motherboard decided to have a meltdown and started burning. I wouldn't want that to happen when I'm not at home. Thanks The website is fine. However Lima team, since you guys are here, perhaps you might give us some little updates or reply some of the questions that were asked here? :) Hi, I tried to go to meetlima.com with Firefox today, and was met with this: High Risk Website Blocked Location: meetlima.com Access has been blocked as the threat Mal/HTMLGen-A has been found on this website. If someone from the lima team could get that straightened out, that would be nice, thanks. I was wondering how well Lima will play with Apple TV, Roku, Plex and other such media players. Let's say I have a hard drive at work with music and videos on it plugged into Lima. Can I have my MacBook at home with me, serving these files from Lima to the media players over local wifi? Unable = usable, sorry phone autocorrect @jminca We payed for really great software to enhance device capabilities. There are plenty of DIY cloud devices around, hopefully none that will work aswell as the Lima. (I already have a cloud set up at home with another device I ordered, a cheap version of Lima, and it is unable, but definitely not optimal.) Does anyone know what the difference is between the Addonics NAS device: <url>…….. earliest shipping date isn't until December.. It's been almost two weeks, can we all get an update? did this thing ship yet ;) I really hope the CGC gets back to us. I have another security concern: I understand Lima creates a VPN connection over a WiFi connection. However, how secure is that VPN? If any WiFi administrator can see what we are accessing on our devices, which is our personal data collections, then the entire purpose of Lima is defeated. Anyone? Cloud guys or just anyone. Do we know if the encryption scheme is one of those that the NSA might have tampered with that comes from NIST? I don't know if the Linux kernel uses it's own or the NIST implementation. Just a little paranoid that I'll be wasting my time encrypting when it's already cracked. I was looking at the inline USB encrypters, but those at first glance are FIPS compliant and will probably be using the NIST implementation. Chill Don the 10 days after campaign ending is normally quiet as they are waiting for funds from amazon...just relax @Don Gateley I hope they didn't run with our money, but I have to admit running away with 1,2 million dollars would be very tempting! Thats like 18 years of salary for me!!! But I wouldn't worry about it! I'm sure we'll get our limas ;) Awful quiet around here. Did they take the money and run? There are, after all, some interesting questions outstanding and only funder's guesses to go by. I would be interested if Lima can be configured such that it only sync some of my directories and not the whole of my computer. @Sam Roberts Pace as long as your hard drives are in one of the formats compatible with Lima it should make any files on the hard drives accessible on your devices, I think they show up in a folder on your desktop at first and then you can move them wherever you'd like @ Kevin, @CGC I like the idea of a liveStream. Maybe a way to organize it so that the questions we all have will be answered is to use Reddit to allow people to post questions and up-vote the ones they think are the most valuable. Then CGC can live-stream answers to these questions, in order of popularity. Or they could just answer on Reddit. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. @Ben no @Kevin That sounds like a cool idea Could you guys do a live stream with questions and answers? If I don't want Lima to sync my entire machine, is there a way to configure this? For example, only home directories? Has a survey for this been sent out as of yet? This user's account has been deleted. Hi guys! Thanks for a great product! Could you please tag the customs note as GIFT and set the total value of the shipment to 20usd? Also could you please not include any invoices with the shipment? Hi, not sure if this has been answered. I currently have 4 HDDs each with a good chunk of data on them. Will these files be picked up by the Lima, or do the drives need to be formatted first? Thanks. Kenneth - well said too, seems like a lot of backers would like to pay less if they can get away with it, I see that in a lot of projects, oh I "FORGOT" shipping or to add on stuff. Can I get it for free or a discount? LOL. @ Kenneth Well said, my friend. @ Russell The name "Plug" became subject to legal dispute. So it became Lima. The difference is the spelling and the pronunciation. The device is the same. whats the difference between a plug device and a lima device? @Dokumaya The costings may have been done on the economies of the original funding goal so they may get a discount on the increased number of units but as these are separate production runs this may not be the case. I think any savings they achieved on production costs should be used by the team to help fund future and ongoing enhancements and firmware security updates for this product that the team have said "Your satisfaction is and will be our main aim so we will try to provide (free) improvements during a reasonable amount of time". without the teams ongoing support and development we will have a great product but not one that will get better with new features. having changed to a December delivery date at the last minute I'm hoping that by the time the April delivery is done I will have to update my Lima with lots of new useful features that we the backers have requested and the team have said they will work on, Users areas, Backup. etc. The pledge is to support the project and not the purchase of the Device, The reward the team are giving you for your support is the Lima those paying $500 still only get one Lima. @ Joshua If you didn't pay for postage in your pledge contact Kick starter or Amazon payments to see how you can do this, why should the team or other backers subsidise your error. there is 14 day window until kick starter project creators get payment from Amazon so this should give you time to correct this error. <url>… :-) I maxed it out with BeSteady this month. I am on it … and will fix it asap! same for me... Oh no! I forgot to add $10 to my $69 pledge. Right now, the time to edit my pledge is over and I can't add the $10 to it. Will I still be able to get the Lima I pledged? @Brandon D, Thanks for the brain shake. I actually wanted Lima team to throw in their tech thoughts in depth. @ kokobin LibraryBox 2.0 seems pretty unrelated. It looks like a file server to whomever wants to connect, for use in areas without infrastructure. Lima does data backup (with RAID 1), is a server for authorized connections, version control, and seamless archive integration. So yeah, pretty unrelated. But you already pledged for LibraryBox, so you knew this, right? MISSED IT? I have one extra device to be delivered in January that I don't need FOR SALE. Email me if you're interested in buying it! meaconfidentia AT gmail DOT com (I bought two devices because it was the only option left that ships in January.) LibraryBox 2.0 vs Lima...... And the winnaaaah .....? Looking forward to this. congrats!! <url>… Congratulations!!!! :) … 1 … 2 @kokobin: you got to be kidding. ;-) less than 2 minutes! :D Please enumerate the essential differences between Lima and LibraryBox 2.0 ( <url>… 3 wow Cheers and thanks for this nice product! When "Among the sleep" was counting down they set up a live-stream of all the dev-team. That was nice. Everybody cheering! Guys …1,2 Million! Wow. Countdown… tick. tack. tick. tack. ;-) @Brandon: Well using a drobo you can do this already since a while. But what sells me this product is: a) In a multi-Device world all my devices have the same window onto my data! b) I hate sending all my data to the USA to have it sync across devices @ Max I'm looking at this as an opportunity to organize some of my archives permanently, since I'll have infinite capacity for growth. I can make one directory structure that is well-suited to my needs, and if something changes, I only have to change it in the one place instead of on the backup drives as well. I'm in also. The last answer convinced me, that I can ask Lima to keep the files also on my laptop. Just like in Dropbox when I disconnect the internet, I can still open the most recent versions of my files. Only then without the other inconveniences of Dropbox. Also using widly supported Formats and libraries (very popular Open-Source stuff) to version track and store is the best way to go. You guys are entering the arena of personal data storage. The stuff is valuable! It's like handing you the keys to my attic and telling you to tidy up stuff up there :-) This is going to be good. Even if there is a Lima 2.0 Hardware one day… I am in… I think the concept and the project are great! @CGC: I think PERFORMANCE will never be only an advanced usage case. Supporting USB3 and the latest WIFI Codecs and direct access or passthru-Modes (for Thunderbolt/USB3) in the future will ALWAYS benefit everybody! @Max @CGC Team Good call! Mis read that. Sorry about that. Regarding iTunes server and Apple TV. 1. If I have movies in my iTunes library (which is stored on Lima of course), I need to start my Mac computer and the Apple TV will be able to find the movies via the Mac, even though the movies are not actually on the Mac, but rather on the Lima drives? 2. Are you planning to add support for an "iTunes server app" on Lima so that I can stream to Apple TV's "movies library" without the need to start my Mac? Does anyone else know the answer of my previous question? Because I'm still not sure about it. It will make the difference for me between backing or cancelling my plegde. @Marc: That's just the point. Will it be readable in the sense of a iTunes-Library (managed folder) or just be like a natural copy in the same structure as seen on your desktop? My suggestion was that we shouldn't have to worry about this difference either way because the Lima-Driver you will install on every computer and seen in the taskbar could recognize a drive containing Lima-Content and make it available thought the Lima-Sym-Links without any network latency (so offlining old big-data Projects should take only minutes). Get my drift? @Edgar: This can't be right as the FAQ tells us: Lima supports the following file systems: FAT32, NTFS, HFS+, Ext3, Ext4. If Lima can read the content of your drives, it will not format them. It will try to use them as is. So HFS+ is apple native… so no need to reformat anything. @CGC: Please keep posting stuff to the comments. This is your final hour. Can't tell anybody that your not watching KS and reading every comment … ;-) @Edgar Furse Quoting the FAQ: "(tech) Does Lima format the hard drives I connect to it? What file systems does it support? Lima supports the following file systems: FAT32, NTFS, HFS+, Ext3, Ext4. If Lima can read the content of your drives, it will not format them. It will try to use them as is. […] Lima will only format your drives if they are unreadable. In this case, the default file system used will be Ext4." So, no formatting of Mac or PC formatted drives. That means, if you format a new drive on your computer before connecting it to the Lima, you should be able to reattach it to your computer and read it. @Albert, just do a factory reset. or when they have the users areas set up just give him the Lima and you can be each others off site backup and the other users cannot be accessed as encrypted so you wont be able to see each others files, but this feature is on the to do list at the moment. @Max, how I would do video editing, mark file as available off line so it is "cashed" on my local hdd do the editing and then save the output file but don't mark as available offline it will then only be stored on the Lima, now unmark the original file and when it drops out of the 80/20 for cashing then it will only be on the Lima, this will solve your speed issues for editing and stop you having to manually copy everything each time or unplugging drives. just how I will be doing it, especially as I complicate matters as I use a pc usually and edit my footage on a mac. @Max Zeibell It will format your drive if it is a Mac or PC formatted drive and use EX4 for its file system. There are apps that will let you read and write to EX4 drives but they are not native to windows or OSX, hence my big dilemma with being limited to 10/100. In this Eco system , they do not want you removing the drive from the Lima. Am I correct ? @Max Ziebell : yup I read that, thus was wondering if we can unpair it after having already paired it @Albert: Below I read the following … CGC-Team wrote: However, the two Limas are not paired when you buy them. So you can either decide to use it for replication, or to give it to a friend for his own use. @CGC: I am just trying to make the case for Power-Users that need to offload big data if in a hurry. Otherwise this could become consumer toy and interfere in the workflow of Power-Users. When you say "a version" do you mean the local version will always be the same as the version on Lima (so the local version of each file will be backed up by the newest version of the file on Lima when changes are made)? Or do I need to consider the version I asked Lima to also keep local as a back-up? Because I do want all files local on my laptop but it's useless when I go offline and only have an onder version of all the files. Can a paired Lima (for replication) be unpaired in the future to give to a friend? I mean Lima 2.0 should be able to be pass-thru USB3 or Thunderbolt … that would be even better. But in the meantime one could do it as I suggested below. What do you think about the idea? Well I am not talking about Lima being connected through USB/Thunderbolt. I am talking about the Drives it put the data on. The local driver could recognize such a drive or drive-array if they come through a USB-Hub (the Lima-Hardware isn't involved at this point). Just the local Lima-Driver and the drives connected directly to one computer. Now offloading could be done (through) the driver directly from the source. Could you please answer my question from a hour ago?! You also still haven't answered my question from 2 sept. I'm considering to cancel my pledge. Nice!!! This should be fine in 90% of the use-cases for me. Please confirm/add the option to use a Lima-Drive(s via hub) directly and enable the local Mac/PC driver to exploit the fact that a Lima-Drives are accessible via Thunderbolt/USB3 directly to offload big data-sets in either direction. I just want to make sure that USB2/Wifi doesn't become an issue when a I want to offline a project folder with 80 GB or more. On the other hand I still am wrapping my head around the concept of this great device. I could cut my movies on my local disk (best performance) and in the background they will be transferred wireless to the drobo. So basically I'll never need to reconnect anything and still not run out of space … am I getting this right? Amazing. What is the criteria that files get killed on my local storage … not using them for a while? Let's take the example of me not cutting on a certain project for a while… Thanks Got it moved up from April :-) I just noticied 1 device left in dec 2013 release any body interested grab asap server=serve Yes, why not have the Lima-Driver on the OS recognize a Lima-Drive if it is directly connected and still server the lima-files-links by redirecting/resolving requests to them to the attached drive. This would be awesome. possible/viable? I am just asking because the drobo runs on thunderbolt and I use it for cutting movies. But when I want to hook it up to the lima in the meantime it would be USB2/WIFI. It would be great if one could go back and forth between usage modes direct/wireless. oooooooups, I am so sorry, I just noticed your answer below ! Mince, je suis vraiment désolé, je viens juste de lire votre réponse ! Thanks/Merci. For the third time, will the Lima be compatible with known NAS (ex Synology) in the future ? You can answer "yes", "no", "we will see" or anything else, but please, be polite enough to answer. Pour la troisième fois, le Lima sera-t-il compatible with les NAS les plus connus (exemple Synology) ? Vous pouvez répondre "oui", "non", "on verra bien", ou ce que vous souhaitez, mais merci d'avoir la politesse minimum qui consiste à répondre. Is there a possibility to keep all the files local on my laptop when I want to work offline but they whould also be saved on the HD connected to Lima when I get online? Because I don't want to have my files ONLY on Lima. On my laptop I want them ALWAYS available. Found the page meetlima and Severin Marcombes and Gawen Arab-Laffon. You really should be more visible on your site and in communication. Yes, drobo should be great to keep the data save. Can I connect drobo directly with thunderbolt as this is the new connectivity? The Lima works through USB2 but I could unplug it and use my drives directly, right? … and what about folders I got an my HD's? Does the Lima remove them meaning does Lima take over the HD-Structure etc. Hello, I guess I need to web-configure the Lima through your server because it works as a DynDNS-like-Service? Please clarify how my data request are processed when I am outside of my local WIFI. Does every request get resolved through your servers (to get my dynamic IP at home). And second I would like to look at your company homepage but I can't find it? I pledged for a combo and you are not sure they would be sent to my address in the UK together and I get to pay customs clearance twice on top of exorbitant shipping charges? Second request for an answer on prosciutboy's question: Is there any possibility to upgrade Lima's firmware ? If any flaw is discoveredcan we upgrade the firmware to fix the flaw? So, you are actually using existing hardware, which looks _exactly_ like yours, and modify the software "only"? If there is a difference in hardware, where is it (besides color and rebranding)? Why were you unable to provide any more insights/details and action shots about the critical software which you claim is alpha already and which makes all the difference between the existing 40$ USB-NAS and your version, within the last 60 days? You were able to produce a high quality, shiny marketing video, but are unable to provide informative updates, besides new colors? This simply feels, well, strange at least. Thank you for clarifying. FOR SALE ONE JANUARY LIMA DEVICE: Guys, I bought two devices because it was the only option left that ships in January. I only need one though, so I'm selling the other device. Message me if you're interested. Well if someone wants a December Lima, I'll be dropping out here within a few minutes. Lima project is over 1700% of its goal, and in 60 days they can't bother to do real stretch goals? Sorry, but color choices are BS. I waited and waited, hoping for something, but it's the end and I know its not going to come. I really wanted to support this product, but the creators seem more interested in pocketing the money than rewarding its investors. Not even an update in the last two weeks? Sad. @jerry you can choose other colors now! Also white. The only one which you cannot select is blue, but is it so important? :-) If you change your mind Ley me know rather quickly Was waiting till the last hours to see if anyone backed out of the December slot and eureka! Was lucky someone did and I jumped straight on it :D It says here: All backers will now be able to select if they want to receive their Lima device in White, in Pink, in Violet, in Green or in Black (or, for early birds, in Blue). Cameron - Yes, I know that..the Blue one is limited based on what I thought. The black yes you can get any color you want but I am leaning towards black... Honestly, a lot of this does not add up! It really bothers me when people are dismissed when the 10/100 Ethernet connection is brought up as a bottle neck because of "caching". If you're caching on my laptop that much, then what's the point. 10/100 is a very real limitation. Another backer brought up HD movie streaming and it was said that a BluRay stream is possible but not tested. This device is capable of an "Average transfer speed: 30 Mbps", while a BluRay can peak at 54. It can also have a max average of 40. In this situation, Lima couldn't handle it. I guess what's worrying more than anything are the unrealistic expectations being set for people. Why not give people real case scenarios? Tell me that if I have a 1TB drive hooked up and I had a second elsewhere, it's going to take DAYS to sync, even when connected on a LAN for peak performance. Maybe you can't do a high bit rate blue ray , but you could stream 2 HD iTunes quality files as long as nothing else is being accessed, again, locally. The RAID argument over two drives in different locations doesn't make sense either. Again, are you only providing software and different firmware for the addonics hardware that already exists? In the twilight hours of this campaign, can you give real examples? I'm gonna sleep on it, but I'm of the mind to cancel my pledge in the morning. Jerry, you know you can choose any colour you want right? In one of the updates about stretch goals, they said you can choose any colour from the stretch goals as your colour. The 'Very Early Bird' BLUE ones I'm not 100% sure about (I got one of them too), but the black one can be any colour you want... You'll be able to choose what colour in the survey they'll send after the campaigns ends. :) Gio - I was thinking of it but I would rather have a blue one that is very unique...only 525 or so will be manufactured. I am just going to get a Blue on December and a Black on April which I am ok with that. With the Lima, does UPnP work on the WAN - remotely, when I'm not at home. How ? I would back out at certain point with a combo december lima, ready to trade the timing of backout with somebody having the very early bid WOOP! Someone backed out of december and I got it! So happy! Anyone plan to back out? @Brandon D...thanks. I think you're right and what I've been thinking...but, I'm also thinking that 12,559+ people gotta know something is pretty cool about this gizmo and maybe I'll figure it out too. Much appreciated. how can i check if i have paid you? i want to know if you got the money of my purchase. thanks Ok - sorta last minute here - read TONS of the documentation below... Question is.....Does my Nas Synology - have to be plugged into both my PC & Lima - or just Lima - in order to be on the network and operate properly?? Thanks!! @Jennifer Sun Great question. Ditto for Mac OS Spotlight search. I've had indexing issues with external hard drives before on a Mac. Sometimes the computer would have to re-index the hard drive anew when it would be plugged in at a later time. I hope this will not be an issue. I think CGC can find a work around... Well, my 2 lines question to the CGC team was probably tl;dr, let me try it again in a shorter way : Can we expect in a near future a way to integrate the Lima in a NAS environment ? (as in "using a NAS rather than a USB drive" ?). Thanks in advance for an answer. Exciting to come down to the final stretch and congrats to the CGC team! One question I haven't seen is how search (Windows Desktop Search is what I'm thinking about) works with files on Lima -- are they able to be indexed in search? I assume if they are "offline-available" they are fully indexable (including the text of the file, and metadata for photos, for example), is that correct? What if they are only "online-available"? (With lots of files, I use desktop search a LOT to find what I need...) Thank you to the CGC team for all your efforts in keeping up with the thousands of comments here. Guys, this is a revolutionary product. I am very grateful for your hard work and innovation. I have some practical security concerns. 1. How easy would it be to "switch off," temporarily, a device's access to Lima? This issue can lead to unwanted snooping when some one else borrows what can potentially be a very large storage of personal data. 2. On a Mac or PC (barring this capability on mobile devices), is the computer connected to Lima for all users? What is the interaction between Lima and setting an administrative restriction on a computer so as to bar certain users from gaining access to Lima's storage? This brings me to another issue: 3. Would Lima, on mobile and Mac/PC, be "front-end" encrypted? In other words, protected by password or some kind of authentication system? 4. If a hacker has Lima software on their device and has knowledge of your personal password, how will Lima authenticate the user's device? Finally, a question about hardware... 5. Is there a hardware limitation for the actual Lima dongle? In other words, how many portable hard drives can be connected to the device before it overheats or malfunctions? The circuitry seems miniature in comparison to some of our ambitions. :) Again, thanks (and sorry for the lengthy post). Keep on innovating! I'm really proud to back you guys. @Brandon D, thank you but I'm interested with the exchange only for a very early bid I'm intressted for early for early bid! Is there anyone want change with me?? Thx @ Scott If you haven't read the project description page, maybe start there. But if you've watched the video, read the entire first page of the project description, don't know what dropbox is, have pledged $ toward it, and still don't know what Lima does, you probably won't be able to use it effectively. @Pierre, come on, man...then why isn't that the explanation given to the hundreds of questions here about it. OK, any other questions about this..."It's dropbox at home in a more efficient way." :) Probably the problem is that I'm not even that familiar with Dropbox. @ Gio I'm game, but all I have is an EarlyBird, not a Very. Interested? I wish to exchange a December combo that I have with one very early bid. If anyone is interested please let me know that we "synchronize" the moment/timing where we both cancel the order :-) Hi Guys ! I am very happy to see that this great project gets so much success on kickstarter. Last hours... I have 2 questions: 1- Is there any possibility to upgrade Lima's firmware ? If any security flaw is discovered CGC should publish a firmware update, and end-user be able to relash the firmware to fix the flaw. 2- Is there any plan to provide an API allowing third parties applications to access Lima ? You mentioned that you developped a file manager, a picture viewer, a music player... That's nice but it would be great if third-parties app could access some data stored on the Lima. It would allow you to focus on developing new features, improving performance (etc) while other developers bring an access to Lima's data on their applications. For instance I am a user of Vanilla player (opensource music player on Android), if an API is available to access the music on my Lima, I shall contact the developer to request this new feature. Such new feature will for sure bring new users to Lima. Votre solution est top, ne la revendez pas, continuez à innover ! Is shipping/delivery via FedEx? What about using a Drobo with this? @Scott come on ! It's dropbox at home in a more efficient way. Is anyone else pretty much entirely in the dark about what this little sucker does even after almost 1000 comments? Question to the CGC team : Do you plan to integrate the Lima with well-known NAS system ? (ex. Synology) . It would make sense, and it seems to be pretty easy to do so. Merci par avance pour votre réponse. Dec 2013 combo snatched ! I love the last hours deals :) So I will be able to have 200 iPad movies offline on a 16GB ipad? All I have is WIFi through my hotel, I have no way to plug in a phone cable or router. How can I backup/sync an iPad, Android phone and Laptop? Thanks. Mark S. I fail to see why UK backers have to pay $20 for two for shipping. How heavy is it? It makes no sense. Hi CGC Team, I'm a backer, I didn't find any information about shipping limits, so my question is, are you shipping Lima to México? Hi Andrew, this has been covered in the comments, the December run is for 5000 units and they have all sold, if you want a second one you'll either need to get very lucky with a twin December drop out or up your pledge by $79 and wait til April I am a backer ($69+$10ship) Classic group; Dec 2013 of 1 Lima device, but have decided I would like 2 devices instead. -Can I add $70 to my pledge, to match the $129+$20 Backup Dec 2013 group, to receive 2 devices for Dec 2013 delivery? Thank you, Andrew Thank you for your responses via private messages. I decided to join in and back your project (with 50 hours to go)! I have a follow-up question from our private messages as well as being related to one of CK's questions regarding the remote backup (CrashPlan, Backblaze, etc.). 1. The remote backup "application", for instance the CrashPlan application. In order to have it backup my "Lima cloud" to CrashPlan, do I install the application on my computer or do I install it on Lima? 2. How would I install it on Lima if that was the solution to #1? Do I SSH into Lima or how do I access the Linux file-system on Lima in order to install it? @CGC, thanks for the explanation! I'm clearer of what I'm backing now. @CGC Team: you stated to CK "8. ... First, if you connect two hard-drives of the same size on your Lima, you can ask to do a replication over both so that if one fails, the other one would take the lead. Also, if you buy two Lima and connect the same hard-drives, they will replicate your data over two locations. " 1) Is this the RAID-1 configuration you were referring to? 2) When matching up drives for the Lima-managed RAID, I am assuming that the drives must be connected to a USB hub before connecting to the Lima. Can I have drives of different makes connected this way, providing they are of the same capacity? 3) Can I defrag and run drive utilities on a drive connected to the Lima? @Andre-Pierre : Francais ou pas, je n'ai pas eu de réponse..! thanks CGC for a quick reply to my PM this time ;) asked the CGC team this via PM but considering how it took almost 2 months to reply my last... does anyone know what happens when computer hard disk fails? will it be just like any drive connected to lima failing? and honestly... why no more videos on how Lima will work? sure, I mean the hard drive connected to it Lima does not store the files. its the hardrive thats connested to it @CGC Team: Thanks for inventing this great product. I have only one question about data security: is data stored on Lima drive in encrypted format? If Lima breaks down, can user date be safely retrieved? (apologies if this has been answered before) Thanks a lot. PS. the POE (power over Ethernet) idea is great too, it might not power a hard drive, but a USB would be good as well @CGC Team, is there any confirmation from my questions below? @Andre-Pierre LOL, c'est drole ca... that's hilarious, I had no idea. @ CGC An idea I just had for the mobile app: Have two instances of the lima app in the App Store (they can be functionally identical). The intent is that the user can leave one of them pointed to his media folder and the other one pointed somewhere else. This prevents needing to navigate through directory structure when I want to go between streaming my music or look at a some work documents. Again, nothing should prevent me from using either app instance from looking at whatever part of my data I want, but just give me the ability to know where each one is pointed (roughly) before I open it. I know Lima is all about reducing this fragmentation of storage and access to it, but some of the fragmentation is useful because it follows what a person does in his own mind... and reduces navigation time. So think about it, a second Lima app with a musical note (or film reel) behind the infinity symbol. Oh, and some free cloud storage on your servers. :-) And yes, I realize if you do a really good job on the mobile apps, this functionality won't be helpful at all. Maybe the app can have tabs like mobile safari (or like mobile chrome for iOS)? @Joseph Balderson Pas vraiment, ils sont Français! Not really, they're French! @Clem Z: je pense que vous aurai plus de chance à avoir une réponse à votre question si vous la posez en anglais ;) @The CGC team: thanks, that makes me feel much better about using the Lima! I can't wait! A couple of questions about the Lima, . 1. Does it work as a Bit Torrent Download Engine or a P2P engine. 2. Can you leave it on unattended (heating up or other usual electronic application issues) and how often does the Lima check the disk('s) attached to it. Bonjour à vous, Tout d'abord, belle idée ce Lima, félicitations! Cependant, je voulais vous demander quelque chose : si j'achète 2 Limas ( l'offre a 149$ il me semble ), chacun sera la base de donner virtuelle d'une maison, enfin, d'un lieu différent n'est ce pas? En d'autres termes, si j'achete 2 Limas 'ensemble', je pourrais les utiliser 'séparemment' plus tard? La question semble peut être stupide et je pense que la réponse est oui mais une confirmation n'est pas de trop. De plus, vous parlez souvent d'iPad ou d'iPhone, on voit un Mac sur votre vidéo de présentation... Lima n'est pas réservé aux produits Apple?! Il est bien possible d'y stocker des données de n'importe quel ordinateur, téléphone ou tablette ...?! Dans l'attente d'une réponse dans les 10jours si possible :) Bien à vous, Clément. Yes, as a couple of others suggested - a transparent Lima please! (will there be any flashing LEDs inside? Can we choose the LED colour?) @Brandon D: well I guess that's the difference between software-based RAID-1 mirroring, and hardware-based RAID-1 mirroring. I personally don't consider software mirroring such as the Lima to be true RAID-1 because of synchonization delays, and that the different drives in question are not actually being mirrored, only the data -- but that's splitting hairs. If you want to keep all your files available offline and use Lima for data backup, that's your business. All I'm saying is that a hardware-based RAID-1 is the best and most reliable way IMO to guard against hard drive failure -- if one goes, you simply swap out one of the drives. Using the Lima as a "RAID-1," if your local drive goes, well good luck with that; if your remote drive goes, well, no remote file access via Lima. So why not combine both? Use Lima for what's best at, which is remote storage, and plug a self-contained dual RAID-1 drive into the Lima. But, each to their own. @The CGC Team, I have a January Ship date reward and want to add another device to my pledge. I have read your previous answer and would like to just confirm. If I manage my January pledge to show $158 (2x $79) I will receive a second device in April? I don't want to make a mistake and either lose my January ship date or end up paying twice the price. Thanks in advance. Gareth @ Joseph: From August 26th, from CGC: " @Marvin 1 - Yes, one Lima is fine. You can ask Lima to replicate your data over several hard-drives (RAID 1). 2 - Lima will manage these spaces as 1 logical storage. You can decide if you want an hard-drive to add space to your devices, or to replicate your data for safety. " @Brandon D: From what I get of their explanation of Lima -- which is to put it simply an NAS drive with auto-synchronization coupled with web browser access -- the only way that Lima can act as a RAID-1 is if all the files in question are marked as available offline. Otherwise only the most often used files will be cached locally, which is not what a RAID-1 (mirrored drive) system does. And even if all files on the "Lima drive" are marked as available offline, technically that is still not a RAID-1 system, due to synchronization lag, which is why the CGC Team says "acts like" and not "is". A RAID-1 system has 2 drives which are mirrored instantaneously at the hardware level, appearing to be one drive right down to the platter data. Lima is a system with software synchronization combined with the hardware of a Network Assisted Storage (NAS) device. It's a great combo of hardware and software in a unique package, but it cannot take the place of a true RAID-1 drive. The only way to get RAID-1 protection is to plug a RAID-1 drive into the Lima unit. Now, RAID-1 only protects you against individual drive failure. For improved backup you could backup to another drive manually, use a backup scheduler software, use an offline backup like CrashPlan... OR you could use 2 Lima devices to have your own private offsite storage backup solution, without paying for a cloud service. Which, is the entire point of Lima: taking back control of your storage, without depending on an insecure cloud service. @CK: I get the impression that Lima uses some form of proprietary versionning system much the same way that SVN or Git works: when the Lima software finds a conflict between two versions of the same file, it will flag them as having a conflict. I'd be interested myself as to how that will play out in actuality. @ Joseph In the comments, CGC says that Lima itself ( a single unit) can act like a RAID 1 controller. So there's apparently no need for additional controller hardware, just additional drives. Of course if you're really paranoid, you could use Lima's RAID 1 in series with another RAID 1 controller, and have all your data in quadruplicate, yet all in the same vicinity. :-) I just saw the remote backup explanation. Missed it. @Joseph, thanks for some answers. After reading your comments, if I turn on offline for a file, make some changes, then I use another device doing the same. If I online back both devices or resync, will the files get duplicate or prompt for overwrite? @CK In answer to your questions, 7) No more so than any other hard disk. If you're overly concerned about disk lifespan, I recommend you use a scheduled defrag maintenance schedule, or get a realtime defrag utility like Diskeeper (note I have no relation to that company). 8) The same thing that would happen to any other network-connected drive: unless those files are backed up, you're screwed. You can mitigate this by purchasing a RAID-1 external USB drive like the Guardian Maximus (again no relation) (<url>"streamed" to a local drive, which is then accessed as fast as any other drive file. This is why USB 2 vs USB 3 is irrelevant. 2) the actual file has been designated as "available offline" in which case there is a permanent copy of it on your local drive - if you are offline, only files which are designated as "available offline," or those which happen to be cached will be available; the rest will be visible as semi-transparent icons, to show they are not available. - if it's important that certain files/folders are available offline, simply designate them as such. There, isn't that simple? This may have already been asked (apologies if so), any chance that Lima will have a POE (power over Ethernet) variant? POE can theoretically support up to 25w, potentially powering not only the Lima, but also a few drives... This would allow for more flexible placement, and potentially new use cases. In other words, a Lima that draws power via its Ethernet connection, and supplies some power to connected drives, thereby negating the need for wallwarts & nearby outlets 2 more questions. 6) I have all my musics in iTunes and sync with my iPhone. Can I still play my music via iPhone music app? Or need to go through Lima app? 7) This constant read/write operation on my harddisk, will it greatly shorten my harddisk lifespan? 8) What if my harddisk that connects to Lima crashes? What will happen to my other devices 'synchronization'? Back to zero? I still have a little bit unclear. So in conclusion, is my assumption below correct? Some are questions. 1) My PC has 200GB disk space. LIMA is connected with 1TB. I can put files in My Documents, Music, Pictures and Video up to 1TB. Err...Or is it 1.2 TB? 2) XMBC - supported I assume but any difference if I connect it to NAS? 3) Apple TV - Not supported I assume. 4) Basically, LIMA syncs all your files across all your devices automatically but didn't take up your device disk space (you access in real time), transfer as fast as 60x like Space Monkey (previous KS project). Am I correct? 5) I saw remote backup is $5/month. What does it mean? @BAN, from what you reference what is the answer to my question re Desktop management? So I think an important feature for me with my work computer is to not have it be the same "memory" as computers at home. In the case of a work computer (in my case linux), I also don't want a lot of hooks into the kernel. Is it possible to have an app that would share a folder connected to my Lima at home so that I can do Dropbox style copies to and from. I like the idea of a "clear" color. Can we make that an option?? @Mix YezPittleIck I was not trying to provide a complete project, just answering BAN's questions, also BAN is correct only certain folders are synced. Having unique workplaces such as for home and work is a future possibility that I believe the CGC team is considering @Dung Nguyen check the FAQs on the main project page, there is a description of the differences between Lima and a NAS there @MIX all youve mentioned is already a few posts down regarding such matters, it only syncs your documents, pictures, videos...each devices configurations are unchanged and unaffected. @Gio, thanks but what you say is much different than, ""The big difference with a NAS or router/NAS combo is that Lima literally makes all your devices display exactly the same content, at all times." If you are correct, which other of their answers and the FAQ seems to state, my question remains with respect to the Desktop. Who would want all their computers to have identical desktops when each has been set up for that particular machine and its unique configuration? If after installation each desktop remained unchanged and one could then, from each machine, indicate which Desktop items (shortcuts, links, files, directories, etc.), and just those items, should be common to all desktops via Lima (and what happens with name collisions) this would begin to make sense but nowhere is it indicated that it works that way. @Kamilah, you only describe the difference between what they call offline and online. There is so much more about this thing that remains ill defined, which is evident from all the good questions which still remain despite countless "explanations", that I do not believe it can be for real. Good luck people because the sum of the evidence tells me you've been scammed. Either that or their spokespersons are sadly ignorant of the product or incapable of framing answers that are unambiguous and complete using terminology that is in common use. "storage memory"? Give me a break. Thankyou Camilla, that has certainly put things in place, thanks for taking the time, its what i was looking for. And ofcourse thanku to all the other backers aswell. To the point of a failure redundancy, its best to have 2 hardrives connected to your LIMA...am i right with that assumption... @Dung Nguyen, theres a whole topic a few posts down where the CGC team mentions differences between Lima and a NAS based system ( kep going down a few posts, open as much as you can and press Ctrl F, type in NAS, alot quicker to find the post your looking for). Also on the homepage they have answered similar questions and actually have it in the description. @Kamilah and the CGC team I've been a backer since the early days of this campaign and have been very impressed with the capabilities of this project - but I have to do my due diligence. I've been researching this market and found a very similar product: <url>"users directories" of my devices will be common (or a special partition in one PC - in my case it will be very useful, as I cannot put files in my users directory at work for example). It is basically a shared directory but with the advantage of a private cloud. @CGC team please confirm if I got it right, especially also on the partition part (as explained in one of the PC connected to the Lima I wish to share files located elsewhere than on the user's directory) @The CGC team "The big difference with a NAS or router/NAS combo is that Lima literally makes all your devices display exactly the same content, at all times. " This cannot possibly be true and, were it somehow, why would anyone want all the computers on their network that would like to access common data on (or not on, however that works) the Lima suddenly look and be exactly alike when they each have a different configuration for good reasons? You're not making sense. @CGC team: I'll ask again: because I need to allow for a certain amount of free space on the local drive, will I be able to tell Lima to limit the file cache to maximum size, either a) to a percentage of total local drive space or b) to an absolute maximum size? CGC team, thanks for the response on webDAV. So, if I don't want my Lima device to be part of the distributed network assisting with dns lookup of devices, is this possible ? (let's say - i either know to keep my WAN ip address up-to-date (or) i sign-up with a ddns provider). Thanks to all the comments and discussions by knowledgeable people about the tech, i have now a slightly better picture to what Lima is and what its advantages are over other similar devices. Also happy to understand from the comments, that this device will be a breeze setting up and user-friendly (from a person who doesnt have a deep idea about the terminologies of the field) @CGC Team Maybe it will come later in the process of the work, What is the warranty and support for the device going to be like.. Firmware update, new features etc. ? Thanks Would the offline folder come in play in that regards, but what if the offline folder contains a file bigger than the memory of your device. From what i gather is, that lima is a device which when connected to the internet to a harddrive, youll have an app or a folder on your desktop whch u can transfer your file too and it will store that file onto the harddrive. syncing it across all lima installed devices. Is that right, so instead of having cloud storage like dropbox ull have everything at home. it can potentially increase the memory of your ipad and mobile upto the limit of your harddrive that is connected to lima. This data if you have internet can be acessed from any device over the internet and be used to play movies, open docs etc etc. But im confused what the difference is between this and just connecting a hardrive to the router. yes it would sync, ok i get that, but what if your not at home, how do u acess your files on your hardrive connected to your home internet. i keep getting confused whether the files are stored on lima or the hardrive it will be connected to...and if theres only one hardrive and it fails what happens then... Hmm still confusing, i find the first page very brief and nothing that tells me in a nutshell...i dont know, may be its not for me, im trying to understand the concept but it doesnt make any sense...i read up on RAID, but its so compliated through wiki, so we can set our own raid status, whether we want raid 1 or 2 etc. @ BAN & @ John M Martinez: this is very different from having just NAS. Read the entire first page (not from a mobile device) of the project to get a better idea. And watch the video a second time. @ BAN, the creators have said that redundancy can be handled through RAID 1. If you don't know what that is, go ask wikipedia. @ geronimo, your question needs to be rephrased in a more meaningful way. @ John M Martinez, same question here... Guys so from what i know its a device that basically puts your harddrive into action....your hardrive will keep the actual files and synchronise em across all the devices connected with LIMA, my question is what happens if your hardrive dies...so always best to have two hardrives connected...is that right, it will make a copy in both harddrives...im a little confused on exactly what this device does, if someone could explain in newby terms, would be appreciated...i just dont get the technical side of it... Maybe if its answered already someone else could point me there, it has been mentioned in the technical specification on the intro page that a maximum of 8 USB's could be connected to the Lima. What is the limiting storage that can be accessed at once (I am asking this with reference to the hardware on Lima)? @CGC team see here some updates from one of your competitors highlighting the differences with Lima... You may want to respond and let your backers know (officially) the differences with mySkiva: <url>"Dropbox" folder with your Lima simultaneously, and in that case the CGC team could answer that scenario more specifically that I can. @pipersw - Thanks, but I'm a Windows user, so that's not an option. I've been using Diskeeper since 2008, and I literally have not had a single hard drive crash in over a dozen drives since using it. Diskeeper keeps the drive defragmented in realtime, operates in the background, extends the lifespan of my drives and makes reads/writes much faster on average. The only downside seems to be that per-file encrption software does not not work with it, and that it needs 5-10% of the hard drive to be empty in order to work efficiently. So if it's a choice between Boxcryptor or Diskeeper, it's no contest. @CGC - I still would like to know if it's possible to place an upper limit on the local cache to ensure that a certain percentage of hard drive space is always available. Is it possible to have Dropbox while using Lima and how does this work? Because not everyone will have Lima but they can use Dropbox. On my pc there is an ssd with my os. This disk contains all folders like "my pictures", "my music", ... . There are also two hdd in my computer. Can i make these two hdd also available through Lima without replacing files or just everything in the folders like "my pictures", "my music", ... on my ssd ? Thanks in advance for your answer. @Joseph baldersone If you format the disk in ext3 or ext4, you not need to defragment the disk Will there be a problem connecting to Lima using a VPN such as Witopia? Also what sort of security features are placed on here to prevent someone from placing malware onto Lima and having access to all of our data? You seemed to have covered some of what I am wondering in regards to security but I am from a non-technical background so this would be really helpful to know better. I've already preordered a PS4 is it possible to connect the PS4 to Lima? I will be using it also as a media server and I have two external 1TB hard drives with movies and music I've transferred from iTunes so if it could directly that would be wonderful as I wouldn't need to use my second MacBook Pro simply as a media server for these drives so I can watch them on the TV. In addition to my previous comment, This is what i found about the basic hardware, Lima uses. Wanser-R. <url>"sending files and transferring data". Technically speaking, would this (the files) be handled as a webDAV resource, with the plug as webDAV server and the mac, pc, android, iOS all running webDAV clients ? @Brandon D, you are surely right. Although some more videos of the actual applciation from CGC would be nice! :-) @ Gio This phrase makes me think it acts more like standard NAS, a.k.a. yet-another-memory: "On-Demand Connection: No need to install an app … just setup your computer to login to your cloud using your operating system file browser. Once setup, your computer will be able to access your hard drive on-demand with a click of a button!" I'm sticking with Lima. hello, is this more or less the same but without the "users directory" integration and with more video of how actually the iphone application will work? <url>"file conflict" and that the "FileX (Lima2)" had been created Thank you CGC team!! this answer my questions (and it is totally different from kamila's one...), I am happy, it is what I hoped and therefore keeping on pledging for two (or more) Limas! ;-) @ Kamila this does not answer to my questions @ CGC team @ CGC team thank you in advance for answering precisely to my two cases scenario, the past version of the file as suggested by Kamila is clearly not a solution. Is that your answer as well? If yes this means that you should tell to all people that do not have (or cannot guarantee to have) at least one connection to a Lima always ON not to buy two lomas for backup reasons and better to have one Lima with 2 hard disk in Raid 1. Sorry but this has to be said if you agree with what Kamila said... (I hope not as I wish to benefit of the greater upload transfer and flexibility with buying 2 Limas - but not at the compromise of a right backup given that I cannot guarantee one Lima to be always ON). Thanks, your supporter :-) In regards to my last post. So basically this device does not put data where it belongs on a device especially when saved offline (in the appropriate folder such as photos in the devices native photo folder). If this is so we lose ALOT of control over our music and other files. It basically forces us to only use your software. I never purchased Apple products for this exact reason, I don't need a control freak device to tell me how I can use my own data. If I save music for offline use I want to be able to do with it what ever I please and use whatever music player I desire. Same goes for pictures. Don't be APPLE and be a data control freak!!! Just provide a means for use to share our data through out our devices and let us decide how we wan to use our data!!!!!!! Let me get this straight when we are using the lima to access music and such we are forced to use the lima app? Why cant I use what ever player I want? I mean I could understand maybe having to use it to stream music but what about music that is saved for offline use I still have to use the lima app? CGC quote - The Lima app doesn't see the musics which are already on an iPhone/iPad. You will be able to play offline-available musics only through our Lima application. For pictures, you won't be able to access your "offlined" pictures from your photo library. Note you'll be able to share a picture from Lima to another application (a little like Dropbox does). So we cant view photos that are offlined? I don't understand that. And the lima app cant see iTunes music? Does that mean there is no support for apple products? How are we suppose to have all the same music across our devices if lima cant see iTunes? Just one question concerning encryption ... Could it be possible to use Lima with such a dongle as the one from Addonics CipherUSB FDE (<url>"understand" that it will have to delete the FileX and create a new one (identical) as FileY? or on the second Lima hard disk will I see reappearing the FileX (which would be not good...) CASE n.2: Same as before, I am working on a FileX which is saved on my PC; I save the file under the user Document directory. Hence FileX is saved on my two Limas hard disks which are connected on the two different networks. But the day after I access to the FileX with a mobile device and I modify it, saving it but not for off-line usage. Here again only only the first Lima and its hard disk are connected to internet. Then the day after I connect again with my PC and unfortunately the first Lima is off (and the first one went OFF before that the second one went ON, therefore the FileX has not been updated on the second Lima hard disk). Therefore I open my local PC copy and I do not see the day before modifications, but I do not realise it and I continue to modify the FileX. The FileX will therefroe be saved with the modfications of this day on the second Lima hard disk. What will happen when the two Limas and hard disks are both connected to internet? will the first Lima "understand" that it has not to update its FileX on its ahrd disk with the file updated on the second Lima hard disk because the update was done on a version old of two days before? Will therefore the Lima software tell me of this problem and save the FileX as v1 and v2 so that I can check what I want to do? thanks for your answers I made a pledge for 1 Lima (classic second batch april). I just decided I would like to make a pledge for a second Lima. How can I do this? I tried to double the amount in 'manage your pledge' but it won't let met select another classic second batch lima. Any ideas? "The FLAC codec is definitely on our TODO list." Any ETA on this as this? I have a growing FLAC collection and this was my main use of LIMA..my music on the go/away from home. @The CGC team - Any news on my question below? It's certainly something to look into, at the very least. A response would be appreciated @ CGC Team Hello! I am incredibly excited for this project to be finalized! You have created something amazing that I cannot wait to use. But I did have a question though. Would the Lima be capable of connecting and utilizing a device like the 'MediaSonic HFR2-SU3S2' for mass storage? I apologize if someone has already asked a question like this. But I am very curious if one of my raid storage devices would be compliant. Hi, cant wait for this to be produced, great work. Quick Q, is the lima app available on the uk apple app store yet? If no, whats the timeframe and will it just be called limaapp or similar? Likewise with windows desktop? Cheers. @ CGC Team, thank you with all your answer everything become a bit more clear to me, interesting to knwo that having more Lima you can get the advantage of higher upload streaming performances (sum of the 2 or more different network connections)! But what about this related question( done yesterday): - given that my two planned Limas will be in two different network locations with two different network providers, what will happen if one connection will be almost always ON but the second network will be alternatively ON/OFF (and the period between the ON/OFF could be also of some weeks)? can files be saved on Lima if one of the two connections is off? Worst case scenario: one entire week one connection and Lima is OFF and the entire week after it is the other connection/Lima which is OFF. Would it be ok (supposing that I will continue everyday to add/modify a big amount of files)? or in that case better having a Raid 1 on one Lima? I was wondering if there were plans to make it possible to point the lima at a NAS that is already on the network rather than plugging in a USB drive? @Tom van Hoof at present a second Lima is needed, however features that allow multiple users for one Lima are in the works, check the FAQ for an explanation on this from the CGC team I will leave my pledge in for the time being on 2 Limas, but the more and more I read into how you will be creating this device, the more I become worried. Youre basically repackaging a device that already exists (which is sold at MSRP of $39.99) with different software but the same hardware limitations and charging almost double of my pledge level. Im concerned this device isnt exactly your product. You don't have infinite control and freedom to do as you please, or make requests that your bakers ask for. Im gonna stick around for the time being, but you guys have to be aware that with the 10/100 bottle neck, and all of the features promised in this device, you will inevitably leave people frustrated and let down with the device. It seems like if the device is doing more than one task, its going to feel really pokey. Im really excited for the concept and I will continue to keep my pledge in hoping that some of these issues will be cleared up. Thanks for your hard work guys. I too would like to know if the newest Chromecast update has made the Lima useless in that regard now. While it wasn't the main reason I pledged, it certainly made the pot sweeter. @Gio I certainly hope they work something out :) @Joshua Kohn I guess it is also Google strategy to make sure that products like Lima helps Google (through the integration with the Chromecast sold at production price or less) to have more and more customers to gain the new and upcoming big TV connected market (with future TVs google enabled!). If I were Google I will contact the Lima creators and make resources available to make sure that Lima will work smoothly with Chromecast ;-) Does Chromcast's latest update (which breaks support for third-party apps) mean that Lima will no longer work with Chromecast? That was the main reason I pledged :/ <url>"offlined" go into your native photo library so you can access/edit with other apps? Finally, regarding streaming music while out running -- have you tested performance with a standard home cable connection (as opposed to an office connection, for example)? I'm not so much concerned about 3G streaming speeds but about the upload speeds from home connections? I'm pretty sure video would be unusable this way, but not sure about music? Thanks again and good luck - very exciting!!! Hi, you mentioned about the Android app being able to play music stored on Lima like spotify, so I assume that unlike on computers on Android the function of Lima is more like dropbox? If so, is there anyway for you to incorporate the playback of lossless cue files, as my whole music collection is in this format. Thanks. The capability to stream my entire music library from home on my iPhone while I'm biking or running is mentioned in the video. However, what I'm curious about is the way in which it will play. Will the songs frequently be interrupted/paused due to buffering? If I can usually listen to Songza or Pandora on my exercise route without an interruptions or pausing (i.e. there is a strong signal on my route), can I expect the same if I'm using Lima to stream my music from home? Thanks CGC team, really understandable now. Expecting for Lima so exciting. @CGC Thanks for your reply and explanation.:-) There is 'time lag' of about 4 months for delivery after your 1st batch of delivery scheduled in Dec. Why does it take another 4 months for the next delivery. I hope the April shipment can be improved. Apologies in advance for this list of questions - I am an early backer but still trying to wrap my head around the vision/promise vs the reality. (BTW these are not meant as criticisms, I think it's a very useful product, I am simply trying to understand exactly what's possible here. While you present a wonderfully simple vision, I think the reality is much more complex...) First, how does this work from a phone/tablet point of view? For example, I have well over 70K photos in the My Pictures folder on my computer (filed in numerous subfolders). I'm not sure how this translates to the iPhone -- does each subfolder (and sub-subfolder) become an album which is available "streaming only"? Or do you still see thumbnails of each photo on the phone (this doesn't seem possible for so many photos -- would end up taking up too much space on my phone)? What about on my other computers? Do thumbnails reside locally or just photo file names (which are much less useful)? I ask in part because perusing a bunch of photos wirelessly from another computer (for example just with Windows home networking/folder sharing) can be fairly slow -- I'm just wondering what kind of experience to expect in this scenario. Similarly with music, do you see the computer's entire iTunes library on the iPhone within the native Music app, with certain ones marked "streaming only"? Also, is Lima going to use a lot of data is I am away from home taking photos and videos on my phone -- it is automatically trying to send every single one of those back to the Lima storage, even if I'm not on wifi? Also, is Lima smart about documents moving/being renamed? On a separate note, for security -- is there any protection beyond having a device with the Lima app installed and then entering your name/password? For example, is there a way to limit access to certain pieces of identifiable hardware? Or lock out after a certain number of failed attempts? It seems risky to have ALL our personal data web/Internet accessible - yes it's encrypted but the encryption is only as secure as your password. Finally, I'd like to clarify what you mean when you say "we invented a technology to transfer files instantly. No matter their size, no matter their number... Send thousands of pictures in less than a second." I don't think it's possible to actually transfer all those bits in less than a second, so what are you trying to say here? Are you saying that since Lima is constantly sending new updates (in the background) from your computer to the Lima-attached drives, if you want to send a folder full of documents or photos to someone, Lima will already have those files (assuming you didn't just create them moments ago) so you can just grant someone else access and they can view them right away (but via streaming only, at least until they mark them for download), but still subject to the limitations of how quickly those bits can stream to them from your home Lima (which probably does not have much upload speed). Thanks for your time - this is clearly a product that is resonating with many and I am excited to see it delivered. I would like to know exactly how it works. So, if I am in, for example, a Hotel with free WiFi outside my country/city, my iPhone/Android phone could connect to my home, to get all the files that I want (films, docs, etc) previously shared (or you don't need to share it?). In case of yes, it happens even with the computer offline? It sounds amazing but I can't understand how can it be possible. It gets a public IP to connect directly or? Also, how about the security between the sync when we are out of home? Congrats on a product with great potential ! One question on security if I may - if say one connected device such as a smartphone is lost or stolen, presumably there is a way for Lima to "cut off" that device from future access to Lima/HDD and all its attendant data? (eg, is there a password for each Lima that can be changed?) Many thanks ! Other 2 questions if you can take the time to reply as well in addition to the other ones below (sorry, quite a lot of questions, but I am sure it will help everyone to know Lima better, and keeping backing!). 1) Let's suppose that I am not interested in the google chromecast and I do not have a connected TV. But this TV has a USB port which is able to browse and play videos and photos on a USB key or a HD. Could I then through a "Ethernet to USB cable" connect my router (the same on which I have also connected the Lima) to the TV, and then browse the folders of Lima and play videos and photos like if it was directly connected to a USB key or a HD? 2) you also say that you can "play all of your music on your Wi-Fi enabled Hi-Fi player". Here again my HiFi player is not WiFi enabled; do you see any solution to make it so without changing my amplifier Yamaha RX-v757 (which is good and have all sort of connections available)? Please guys, find the time to re-film your video, I am sure it will help people to trust on the product and your company. I, for one, am a 1 dollar backer until there is a video that explains the product with the product name mentioned, and no weird sound drop to hide the mention of the old name. And congrats to the team on passing the million. PS: could you please also answer to Walt question as I am in the same situation? thanks Walt wrote 1 day ago "Hi CGC team Just a quick question - where will the device ship from, will there be an European warehouse? If not, how will the international shipping be handled (customs charges etc)? Thanks" another question as there is a contradictory message from you : in the FAQ you correctly (in my opinion) say: "If you backed us on our December batch (rewards at $59, $69 and $129): you'll have to increase the amount of your pledge by $10 to include shipping." while on the December 129€ pledge you say: "You get 2 black Plug devices, to replicate your data in 2 different places. Please add $20 for shipping." So how much of shipping costs should we add? As I have said in y opinion it does make sense that the shipping costs are the same as you ship at the same address only one package and probably the small additional weight does not nfluence your costs. But please let us know what is the correct way to do (the FAQ or the Pledge description) thanks Hello CGC Team And finale thanks for your answers! This reassured me and I went for another backing! Although I totally share Edgar Furse and Artisinal requests below... Would really a new firmware development (not completely new as I guess you can ask to your current supplier to upgrade your Wanser-R if you do not want to speak with Addonics) create so much troubles for you at this stage? I will probably as well use one in my office and one in my house, in both places I have very high speed Internet connection and 1gigabit enabled router. Planning as well to run on 2 SDD if it worth the effort! By the way if you connect several HD on the same Lima will they run in Raid 0, meaning that the transfer speed will be increased? Hi Lima Team, I was wondering the same thing as David Ackermann, how will Lima work when put between the hard disk that is also being used to create a backup with Time Machine Thanks for taking time to answer all the questions Also, can Lima be used offline only? As in on LAN but not on the internet. @CGC thank you for the clarification as to how Lima backs up files (as asked by Alex Winkle) A further question. Will Lima only copy off files when the HDD is absolutely full, or will it do so at some percentage of capacity (eg when HDD is 90% full) or when below a certain space left (eg 5 gigs left)? Or will this be something we can set? I was under the impression that Lima would smartly cache, ie even if the file was created on another computer, it would make a local copy if the file was recently or frequently used. Is this not the case? can I use Lima to save my Time Machine Backup? I concur. I'll come back another time to support you guys after this successful campaign when you convince Addonics to support your efforts with Gigabit Ethernet and USB 3.0 specs. That will help eliminate the bottleneck alongside SSD. Congratulations on the $1M mark. @The CGC team, Your answers just fork more questions, often make no sense, and often contradict earlier statements. Perhaps this is due to a language barrier but for credibility you need to put forth a functional specification that is definitive, i.e. complete on details and fully comprehensible in English. Apparently only a few of your backers are bothered by this lack so I understand that there will be little motivation to produce such a spec. My skepticism is only heightened by recent answers. But you'll be happy to know that, expecting no better, I'm done here. Hi! May be you can make small (color selected) power adapter? @Kamilah Carter Yes I did see the Chromecast announcement. Looking forward to showing that off. :) Thank you for putting in the time to read everyone's posts and point them in the right direction! It is always good to join a community with people willing to help out! @The CGC team Still wondering if there are any more details on the Linux Desktop integration available? Is Lima tied in at the Linux OS level (files available from the command line)? What Linux distributions are supported? I saw that @loner1200 was also asking about Linux Desktop support. Will a specific Linux Desktop environment be required? (KDE, Gnome, XFCE, ...) @Shinn 's question about support of symbolic links is something I would also like to know about. I'll likely be setting up all of my drives as EXT4 sot he FS will support them, but how would the Sync work (Send only the link or send the whole Dir each time the link is encountered.) The FAQ states that files "in your "My Documents", "My Pictures", "My Videos", "My Desktop" folders. Lima only manages your documents, music, pictures and videos, it ignores your applications and your systems files." While The CGC team on Jul 29 said "Plug handles the content of your User folder by default. This is because that's the folder made to contain your personal files in the three computer OSes we support: Windows, Mac OS and Linux." I'm concerned that this later statement means Lima will share my $HOME Dir (IE: /home/UserName/) This could be a problem as it would include the configuration (.) files which may cause conflicts between systems running software at different levels. Best regards. I would love to see a GigE connection as 100 base is going to be a big bottle neck. I understand spec is probably based on the fact that most people wont have anything faster than 20Mbps internet (download), and Wifi speeds will also be slow but I plan on accessing these files mostly through ethernet. I also plan on having a second Lima at work so I could access these files at both my home and work location as if they were local, and then have the two devices sync to eachother for a redundant backup. I believe that most people purchasing this little guy are going to have a Gigabit switch. USB 3.0 would really be useless if connected to a 100 base device, with Gigabit at least we could open up that USB 2.0 port. does lima support directory link? i think Lima backup files under User directory, so we can link to other directory without move the data. Hi CGC team Just a quick question - where will the device ship from, will there be an European warehouse? If not, how will the international shipping be handled (customs charges etc)? Thanks I have the same concern than Eugene below! Thank you for your answer, for the moment being I have simply created a new profile with a different email to bid, but I guess this is not the best procedure... May I also ask you to answer to my other previous questions, to sum up: - can we safely say that Lima will support the x86 XboxOne? also given that those NAS/WANSER-R support the Xbox360 (you have much big consumer business case then with the geeky google chromecast!) - can we expect a hardware upgrade for already your first batch of devices now that you have a real business case, so that instead of using hardware that comes from 2009 you can upgrade to for example the hardware used in the NAS 4.0 of Addonics of 2012 (or who ever develop it) which is capable of attaching 16 storages devices (instead Lima only 8) and which uses eSATA connection and the performance is quadrupled from the previous NAS adapter to 75 MB/sec over 1G network? Hello CGC team, I am considering picking up a second lima device. My current perk is for a single LIMA device with shipping date Dec 2013. I don't want to change my perk ($69 + $10) and loose the earlier shipping date. Can I just double my pledge (put in the missing $69 --no shipping fee) to register it as getting a second device in April 2014? I say no shipping fee for getting the second unit as I see the perk for getting two units only includes the $10 shipping fee once. I didn't see this question addressed in the FAQ. Thank you for taking the time to answer our questions. So it basically copies the user data (pictures, documents ect.) from each device and then makes all that data available to all devices. Basically I was concerned about this device messing with the way my desktop PC worked. I remember reading something about it becoming the computers file system and making the os request the lima program how/ where to save data. I have a lot of programs that perform 100s of read write operations per minute and some servers running off of this rig as well. I don't want lima watching those write operations because I don't want to slow down those programs performances. If it just watches user data that's fine it should not slow down my system performances. How will you convince Apple to let you publish/produce an application that allows users to bypass the DRM security of the device to stream movies/videos/mp3 files from a hard drive? Thank you for having started to respond to the topics - please do not stop, more videos/technical stuff to confort us about your work would be nice, we are basically a bit bidding on you! :-) But please stop with colors goals...really it is not that that let you increase the sales. Another question(s) in addition of my previous ones: what happen is I have two Lima's to backup all my data and A- I have 2 difference HD space size B- I use two networks and for 1 month one of the two networks (the one with the HD with much less space) is off and I continue to modify and especially add files C- I need to access one of the two networks in VPN D- would I feel a difference between the network which is connected at home/LAN and with the network connected through a not so fast internet connection in another Country: would this last one compromise my fast at home/LAN connection? PS: I think it is nice for everyone to see in that video (for thos eof yuo who speak French like I do) what you have already realised as student and that in 2011-2012 was running as beta, but more as a SugarSync service type. I understood that you had quite some users (I have tried to download the forgetbox beta (not working on 64bit, hopefully Lima software will!) just to try; it is a pity that you turn down the server - a little demo even on something old/different that everyone could use could have also helped in my opinion to raise even more the confidence, hence the funding of your project!: <url>€ sales the CGC team does not find 1h per day to answer personally to ALL our questions, even the silly ones! Even the ones already answered. Honestly you could have been at 2M€ if you had answered the questions professionally; I told you already, hire a good intern to do the job if you do not want to do it, but provide official and trustfull answers (I guess I would have already backed for other devices and recommended to colleagues, but like that I am even wondering of a french scam) I am quoting you just to show you are not the only one thinking like that: Florian Maier about 15 hours ago Kamilah, let me state first you do a wonderful, un-paid voluntary job. On the other side, it feels very weird if an "unapproved" outsider answers all questions FOR the actual kickstarting initiator. I think i am not the only one that needs some statements from the P...Lima team now, or is gonna drop out and evade a possible scam. Despite that, i encourage the team to publish a feature matrix and skip stating this "is the big brain of your computer" marketing bullshit. This campaign is the early adopter parade. If you want to address consumers at a later point in time, you have to convince us first. @Vincent Liu: I hear you. There have been a lot of important questions asked and ignored. The CGC team is lucky they've had this lucky of investment considering their failure to engage the crowd that's funding them. There is a definite possibility that we may never even see this project come to fruition despite our money going into it. Or maybe it'll work out? I guess we'll see. Fire and brimstone and all. ...no update, maybe they are in a "name-changing process" again? ;-P What will be next? Peru? Seems like nobody is happy about 1mil??? Just curious.. how many of you consider to back out this project since there are so many concerns/ questions, and also the deliverable. Please, could you look at the diagram I've sketched to be able to understand what the Lima is? Here is the link: <url>"brain" but are not cached on Notebook? 3).First item of FAQ states: "The main innovation in Lima is that it manages all of your data for you. Not only the contents of a specific folder." But according to answers below it looks like only some set of special folders are managed by Lima software and in case I never keep my important documents at "My Documents" I have to move them to "My Documents" to be managed with Lima. Is it correct? Snagged a Dec pledge!! Yes! @Ashish Chalke yes I'm aware smart TVs can be set up differently, but a lot of people don't have those. The HDMI port can be used if you don't have a smart TV @Haveez Hussain no offence taken, I totally understand wanting to hear from the official source. Some people have found my answers useful anyways. The vast majority of my answers are repeating statements from the CGC team that are burried in this very long comment thread or are in the FAQs. I try to indicate clearly if I'm unsure of something, otherwise I'm mostly repeating the CGC teams answers. If you want an official answer to your question you may be able to find it if you have the time to wade through these comments @Kamilah >>>you can connect your computer to your tv with a an HDMI cable and then play media off the computer. Works well as long as your computer is a laptop You don't need that if you have a DLNA/uPNP ready TV (i.e. Smart TV). See the section "Your connected TV and Hi-Fi players can enter the game". The TV will be on the network (should be via wifi or ethernet) and stream from the Plug itself. Actual Section: >>>If you have a connected TV or a set-top box, it will now have the same contents than your other >>>devices. You can tell Lima which media you want to make available there. So at last you can >>>watch all of your movies and pictures directly from your sofa. You can also play all of your >>>music on your Wi-Fi enabled Hi-Fi player (using UPnP or DLNA). @Andre-Pierre Rossignol it doesn't need to be a laptop, setup just may be more complicated depending on where your computer is in your house in relation to your tv, and if you want to be able to control everything without getting up and minimal setup then a laptop is super easy to use. Personally I use a laptop but actually control it with an app on my phone, so that set up would work with a desktop too. Hey Kamila Please don't take this the wrong way, but your answers are not of the CGC team and (not that i don't trust you) but i cannot accept your answers unless you are part of the development team. The cgc team should take a page out of your book, and possibly pay you out of their million plus funds they now have accumulated, and give all the positive accurate answers. Again, please take no offense, you have definitely set the bar for this CGC Team, that they should follow. @Kamilah Why would the computer have to be a laptop ? I have a full tower hooked up to my tv! I might have missed it, but does LIMA support me encrypting my data? Or use drives as encrypted vaults? (for the mac using packages like KNOX or similar ones) @Don Gateley I don't have the technical information either, but desktop is one of the locations they have said is unified by plug since the beginning @Ashley Parsons you can connect your computer to your tv with a an HDMI cable and then play media off the computer. Works well as long as your computer is a laptop @Kamilla, what you said is closer to making sense and would be more so if you omitted reference to Desktop. From the comment they made a while back it specifically offloads and manages Documents, Music, Pictures, and Videos to a specific Lima (cluster?) and does so for each computer which has the software installed and is logically attached to that specific Lima, pooling their data. (Name collisions will be have to be dealt with somehow but they haven't addressed that among many other things they haven't addressed.) I'm interpolating from very little info but I've been working with PC's since IBM's first DOS box with floppies and all those years have made me fairly savvy at the system level. I think you are right that nothing seems to change on your system except that those specific Library's are no longer on your local machine but are transparently on the Lima and pooled with those of any other systems that attach to that Lima. For reasons of coherence I don't believe any Desktop can be involved at all beyond having icons for those Lima managed libraries visible on the desktop. What it seems that it actually does (if that single comment is accurate) is a far cry from all the vague implications and glittering generalizations on the main page. Still very useful though in that it should be able to do offloading, sharing and scaling in a very simple and transparent way to naive consumers that use Windows in the limited ways that MS intends for them to use it. And that's lotsa people. At least 10,649. :-) FYI, the software was called ForgetBox... @Ashley These guys have experience in building stuff. I don't remember the exact name, but they had created a program once to send large files to people, which did the transfer in the background. (Mind you, this was a few years ago. Now that sort of thing is easily done by a lot of stuff) For me, the demo video on Windows 7 is what sealed it. It is working functionality and exactly what I am looking for. Offload my files from my laptop and but still have them displayed so I can access anything I want on the fly and can keep a local copy if i want. (other wise i would need to connect the ext hdd to my system etc...) I think they (CGC) never anticipated such a large response and with SO MANY feature suggestions from backers (me including). They may be considering adding stuff etc. based on feasibility and support in future revisions. For example, the Chromecast support was added without any "Stretch Goal" (other projects would have included it as a strecth goal probably). Basic functionality has already been explored in the comments (encrypted VPN, internal access / external access) and some of it has made it into the FAQ. I admin, they DO need to step up communications however. (Maybe they've now received some lawsuit from the Mayor of Lima hence the no-show? ;) ) @ ashish Thanks for the comment - I was hoping you would say that. Lets hope the project turns out to be as promising as it sounds. I agree with many pthers here.. the devs need to step in the comment section actively and start answering ALL the questions from the backers.. I see no reason why that can't be done. As someone else said below.. if I don't get answers to the tech questions, I will drop out of this, simple. Thanks though, this project looks promising. @Ashley you need either: Lima acts as a DLNA / uPNP server. A DLNA / upnp capable TV or some intermediate device which supports like a chromecast dongle. @ kamilah Why would I need a hdmi port? Maybe you misread my comment. I said WITHOUT a chromecast setup. (or is it me that is missing something?) @Don I think you misunderstood what I meant, the drives that are plugged into lima don't show up anywhere, if you open your documents folder or pictures folder or access something from the desktop, all those files are stored on The drives attached to Lima, but you don't see anything differently than if you were using your computer as usual. Perhaps I explained myself poorly before, does this make more sense? @Florian Maier I'm not communicating on the behalf of plug and I've tried to make that especially clear when I'm unsure of an answer. I think this is a really cool project, but I had quite a few questions initially which I was lucky enough to get answered before the whole thing blew up. Between explaining the project to friends, trying to understand it and get answers to my own question, and habit from my current job at a help desk answering questions seemed a natural way to get involved, I try only to answer questions no one else has addressed and that I am fairly certain of my answer for. Kickstarter seems to be very much focused on having backers involve and a part I the process so this has been a fun way for me to get involved. I assume the CGC team isn't really equipped to deal with the level of success they've had this quickly, so I figure my answers are still better than none :) @Ashish Chalke yes I think they're also considering more features in this sort of area, it's just not really clear what all the options will be yet, and they're probably not done developing them. Not to mention all the kickstarter feedback may influence the directions additional feature take >>Lima will be able to show you a partition (example P:) using advanced options. To clarify further, an additional "network" partition that you can use for files/folders from other partitions. @Don @Kamilah : They had elaborated a bit in the comments (I'm guessing between 300 to the 400 comment) -> Lima only syncs the Users folders (for example in 7 -> Documents, Desktop, Music etc) or the comparable in Mac and Linux -> Lima does NOT Sync any other partition or folders in the C: for example the Windows folder , System32 etc. -> Lima will be able to show you a partition (example P:) using advanced options -> For android / iphone/ ipad - you can get your content using an app. Kamilah, let me state first you do a wonderful, un-paid voluntary job. On the other side, it feels very weird if an "unapproved" outsider answers all questions FOR the actual kickstarting initiator. I think i am not the only one that needs some statements from the P...Lima team now, or is gonna drop out and evade a possible scam. Despite that, i encourage the team to publish a feature matrix and skip stating this "is the big brain of your computer" marketing bullshit. This campaign is the early adopter parade. If you want to address consumers at a later point in time, you have to convince us first. @Kamilah, with all due respect I don't think you are correct. From a response below they say it manages and offloads only your Documents, Music, Pictures and Video libraries (those are folders in your user directory that Windows treats specially.) All system directories and applications, browser installations, etc. are unaffected by a Lima installation which is as you would want it. If they somehow did the whole C: system drive, as you perceive, the operating systems connected to it would go completely mad. You just can't run multiple naked machines from a common network system drive even if they all run the same OS. That would be a huge overhaul to the way current operating systems are designed if it could be accomplished at all. At any rate, the compete lack of technical detail is what keeps me from plunking down the $79 to get one of the few remaining. I back it for a buck just to follow developments and hopefully get info and answers that would motivate the larger commitment. I am very concerned about the dearth of technical information. @Ashish Chalke That is sweet :) Thanks @GiorgioTravaini I am excited! That's the color I'm currently leaning towards :) I saw a few others in the comments who were also holding out for it! @Don Gateley more advanced options controlling what does or doesn't sync are still being developed/decided on, but even if those features aren't all available on launch it sounds like the CGC guys are definitely working on them The plug memory isn't a separate folder or drive that you see on your computer. It appears as the main memory for you machine, and just works in the background I use dropbox and from the way Lima works I would expect the files to be kept on Lima You are correct usb 3 would not give much of an improvement on an ancient 100mbits network. I and many people I know run gigabit networks where usb 3 would shine. Already maxed the stretch goals with 17 days to go? Fantastic! Perhaps consider adding more stretch goals? You can never have enough stretch goals! I'm finding it hard to find a response to any questions about; What will multiple drives via USB hub appear as in Lima? Yet another technical question. What if I have a symbolic link or junction in one of the directories Lima manages to a directory elsewhere on my machine? Conversely what if I have such a link in my non-managed disk area to a directory in my Lima managed ones? And another. Is there any way with links or whatever to map my cloud mirrored directories such as Dropbox, Google Drive or Skydrive to it so that's where they physically exist? USB3 is not necessary with 100Mbits/s !! @Kamilah Carter I think nobody cares about white Limas ;-) Although I am happy for the CGC team that they reached 1M€ of sells, thats an Achievement for a startup!!! @Stan Stankevsky how did you manage to snip that much? let me know how to do it!! ;-) The FAQ says, "Lima only manages your documents, music, pictures and videos, it ignores your applications and your systems files." While this allowed me a big sigh of relief it also made me wonder if anything can be added to that set. i.e. can I have a directory mounted somewhere my local file system that maps to a folder on a Lima device and can I mirror its contents locally at that mount point? Second question: if I have multiple physical drives attached to the Lima do I see a separation or are they transparently pooled into one unified subsystem. Final question: how does a friend in China (for example) access what I have on my Lima? This user's account has been deleted. Hi Adrian There is a FAQ point on the home page about USB 3.0. Short version is the way Lima works usb will give negligible performance boost for the sake of a massive price increase (as well as delays in redesigning the hardware getting CE accreditation for it etc). Also even though they have raised a million they still have to have to pay to get all the backer units made, pay to get them shipped to a fulfilment centre (give them a fee too), pay for packing and shipping so the amount of profit they will be making per unit will not be a lot. We might get software stretch goals but no hardware ones USB 3 as a stretch goal PLEASE! With 17 days to go, and already 1 Million + reached, it should definitely be implemented. @Kamilah Considering all the work you have done in the comments, you should get a special rainbow colored one! ;) Woo! White Limas everyone! :D @Brandon D Just have your girlfriend, wife, father or good friend pledge the extra one for you ! I got myself two Lima and I convinced my father to get two ! We are ready for the action ! A stupid question: Lima is able to power supply one usb 2.5" disk from its usb port, or only by an external powered hub ? You got it ! Congratulations ! CGC team : have you others stretch goals to propose to backers ? A last one for a millions $ ! Today the 1M stretch goal will be passed ! @loner1200 Thanks! @Alex Winkle if you unplug the drives from Lima you will be able to read them by plugging them into your computer. There is more information on the way data is organized and the drive formatting in the FAQs. I believe the encryption refers to the transmission of the data being sent between devices, not on the actual hard drives. I think what you want to do can be done, you will just have to mark all the files to be available offline, which will keep them available on their device of origin. The reason plug removes files from your devices is so that you have room to cache any files of say 2 TB of data even when your laptop only has 500 GB of storage. However all files still appear to be on your computer.. And your other computer and your phone etc. and you can access everything that isn't cached or set to be available offline over your wifi or Internet when you're away from home. I just read something else that I am curious as to what the answer is? The article says our data is encrypted correct? Where does the encryption and decryption take place does the Lima device do it? If it does what if the Lima device fails or gets damaged by accident? How will we be able to access the data? The more I am reading up on this device the more confusing it is becoming. Basically this is what I want the device for if it cant do it I don't want it. I want a device that can backup all the data from all my devices and keep it updated on the attached ext HDD. In this way all my devices have access to the exact same information. So for example my computer has a movie on it. Lima copied the movie to its external drive, now I can access that movie from my phone. Either by downloading it to my phone or by streaming it. I don't want it taking data off of any of my devices I just want it to keep a copy of the data from all the devices and keep that data up to date. So for example if I modify lets say a word document on my PC Lima notices I modified the document so it backs it up. So basically The Lima device will be the centralized backup/ storage brain of all my devices. So that all devices have access to the same data any where in the world. If this is not the idea behind Lima then I misunderstood this projects goals and I will need to start my own project for a device that meets these goals. For anyone who has an early pledge for a single unit and would like multiple units: The simplest way to do this is to make another Kickstarter account, and pledge for an April delivery from that account. This is a low-ambiguity method that keeps you from potentially losing your early slot if you do some ill-advised pledge changing. Another option would be to email Kickstarter themselves and ask them to allow selecting multiple rewards, though I doubt that would have much effect on anybody's timetable. I think they have reasons for not allowing that currently. ouch I think I missed a little detail in the reading 60x faster when used at your home. Yikes the maximum transfer rate for USB 2.0 lets say you are actually getting it is about 30mbs so that should be your max speed for the device. So you are getting about .5mbs when you are not home using your local network. Is that even useable? I think I might have to pull the plug on this. From what I am understanding they are not preparing this device to be able to stream content as it would be far too slow. From my understanding their entire idea of getting around the slowness is by caching stuff on your local HDD. But the whole idea of this device is if you have say a tablet and you cant store your HD video content on it because its too big you store it on the Lima right? But since it cant cache to your tablet its going to be SLOW. I doubt it will be able to handle streaming movie content let alone multiple users accessing the device simultaneously. So I am at a loss as to the point of the project? If all your data is moved over to Lima but the only way to get it quickly is if its cached on your local machine? Then what is the point? @Marvin As I understand it, Lima doesn't actually show drives in the OS at all. It's more of a hidden process. This separates it from other NAS devices, which do show separate logical drives, are far cheaper than the projected RRP of the Lima. and can actually be found based off the same hardware as the Lima. The Lima seems to silently backup/copy your files from the documents/videos/music/(?downloads) folders to the external drives, leaving (when the software decides not to keep it in the internal HDD) what is essentially a link in these folders that links to the external hard drives. This creates the illusion of a larger internal HDD, which is the entire point of the Lima. Since the process is hidden, you shouldn't feel any difference between having 1 and 5 drives connected to the lima. I would also love the Lima to do RAID but it hasn't really been mentioned in the project description - I would have thouhgt if it did it would be a big enough feature to mention, even if covered in marketing-speak. @Thomas, @Jerry, @Kevin Lis Sorry I may have been incorrect about increasing your pledge for more units. I still think we should wait for the CGC team to publicly confirm this but: I can't verify the accuracy of this personally but according to janotterstetter the CGC team has said that you can get multiple devices (up to two) by adding to your pledge. Here is Jan's previous comment and the email in question: "I send the CGC team a message with the same question as I'm an early baker too. This is what they answered: We don't have any early bird Plug devices anymore, but you can add as many Plug devices as you want by adding $79 (one additional unit, incl. shipping) or $149 (two additional units, incl. shipping) to your pledge. Thanks for supporting us! Best, The team All the best Jan" @DELORME Loïc yes! @Junhwa, Park you always access the files from your computer, either a cached version or a permanently available 'offline version. When you save the version is sent to Lima. @Thomaski Yes! @Alexander Morozov there is a FAQ which describes the reasons why USB will provide minimal improvements to the user experience of Lima. This is due to the way the device works @Alex Winkle You can mark all files to be kept offline if you don't want them to be removed from your computer. Otherwise some files will be cached on your computer but not necessarily all. You also have the option of setting up a hard drive attached to your plug to be a back up (unlike having two plugs it's not an access point, but it will protect you from drive failure). @Ashley Parsons as long as you have an HDMI port on your tv it should work @Frank Brown the multiuser options haven't been solidified yet and probably won't be ready upon launch. There is a FAQ on the main page that addresses this. It may not be clear yet whether this will work for your specific needs @Taylor Watson the CGC team seems pretty dedicated to adding features, however they are sticking to pretty strict timelines so not all features might be ready by launch. Syncing specific folders only, multiuser features, and having devices specific or theme specific file groups (home/work etc) are some of the most requested features, and I'm sure the CGC team hasn't failed to notice that. They have already hinted that they may be working on these, though its unclear what exactly features will be available on launch and which will come out later @Marvin having two Limas allows you to have two access points which increases access speed (as well as having very fast wifi access in the location of each Lima, at for example both home and work) and security. With a USB hub you can dedicate a drive for backups. Normally the drives are just seen as the computer or other devices harddrive, so I'm assuming the back up options are in advanced features or the Lima's utility @pipersw I am not sure, but you'd probably start getting warnings once you exceeded the storage of the smaller one @Alex Winkle, @Stan Stankevsky there is a FAQ which answers why USB3 hasn't been implemented for the kickstarter Hey guys! I've been busy the last couple days but I'm going to try and answer the recent questions that I know the answers of, so this might be a long comment @Andre-Pierre Rossignol The devices aren't being manufactured earlier which is why you won't be able to get one earlier. The manufacturing runs that are earlier are much smaller, and all the units have been accounted for. @Thomas You can get two units if you select that pledge, other than that I don't think so @R.M. There is Chromecast support now in case you didn't see it! @Jon Levell Currently the user folders (with the exception of appdata) are synced/downloaded/moved/whatever you'd like to call it. It sounds like some of hte other files like appdata are going to be backed up, but they arent going to sync precisely because it can corrupt the systems on different devices. The CGC team has mentioned a few times that they're considering on expanding some of the management possibilities. There is a comment from the CGC team discussing this a while back if you want more specific details, but it seems like its still somewhat up in the air @Adam Lathers, @Taylor Watson The extra money goes into producing all the extra units primarily. Think of each backer as a customer who purchased an item. Just because there are lots of purchases doesn't mean that the item can be vastly changed and still meet the budget, definitely not doubled in prices like USB3 and faster Ethernet could do to this project. In addition changing the design of the product, and adding new features add a significant amount of time to the project, which means backing goals are unlikely to be met. By sticking close to the original plan the product can be optimized and made as good as possible, while still meeting the expectations time wise and functionality wise that got all those bids in the first place. There is also an answer in the FAFQ which describes why USB3 provides minimal improvements for the cost @Emmanuel great questions, I don't know the answers to these ones but I also would be interested to find out @Brandon D great points, the CGC guys actually mentioned that some drives can be configured as back ups (for extra protection you can add drives to some one elses plug so if location specific damage (flood/fire/theft etc) occurred you will have a secure copy located somewhere else. Does that work for you (compared to the drive mirroring)? @Don Gately There is a video posted on the main Lima page (its part way down the page, just keep scrolling and you'll find it) @Jerry at this point I don't think you can get any additional units by upping your pledge. If it becomes an option in the future I'm sure the CGC team will notify us @Kirpa Singh Gulati I agree that something to indicate the devices were kickstarter edition would be pretty cool @jasto All backers get to choose the color they want out of the unlocked colors (or blue if they have that option in their reward) regardless of when backed. I think a survey is going to go out to collect your color preference after the campaign is over @Pierre JARLAN the answer ot your third question is yes, you can access your data over the internet when away from home (you can also mark files to be available offline so you can access them even when you don't have internet and aren't at home) @guillaume jacquemet I don't understand your second question, care to elaborate? As for your third question, family features are going to be developed but probably won't be ready immediately after release. There is a FAQ on multiple users on the main Lima page @Alex Ow i missed that part... I think it should be stock not even strech goal since 2.0 is dead at this point and gone. I was thinking of hooking up 2-3 tb of ssds, but with 2.0 there is no point... Blah I think USB 3.0 should have been a stretch goal. Reason is with multiple drives attached USB 2.0 is going to be a very big bottle neck. Not to mention on a local 1 gigabit LAN with possible multiple users accessing the drives it might become a nightmare. Imagine 2 drives connected to the Lima: 1 I am accessing from my room streaming an HD video, then another family member in another room is accessing the other drive doing a search through files. I don't think 30mbs cap of USB 2.0 will be able to handle it. I was in april, then sniped January and now im i. December :-D @pipersw and @Marvin yours are two questions I had in mind as well... hopefully one day we will get an answer, the team is not so much reactive... I hope they are working all those hours without an answer (PS: maybe hire an intern for that but keep us updated!) @stan you mean December? Yessss. Sniped a January pledge :-D @Kevin, you can make second account :-D But, 150 might be cheaper :-D I am already signed up for the early bird blue colored lima, but when we hit 1 mil I would also like to get the white lima as well. But I cannot add another pledge so should I just manage my pledge to $150 to get the other one as well? If I had two Lima with one hdd which have a different capacity than the other hdd on the second Lima, what is the final capacity shown by Lima app ? Hi, CGC. Having 2 Limas on 2 separate locations would have a sort of RAID 1 redundancy right? 1. Can the Lima do RAID 1 on the same location/local network? Do you need 2 Limas for that or just 1 Lima and 1 usb hub? 2. How does Lima display several drives attached to it (via usb hub)? Would the Lima display the storage as 1 logical storage or several separate storage? Thanks! @chris and @kbtibb I understand they already covered the IO aspect and that they haven't created a new product. The fact still remains there are big holes in software they could patch. For example, I would prefer picking certain folders to sync. Not my whole computer. This is the biggest request I see in the comments and it's not even been addressed. I understand adding things like 3.0 USB wouldn't be impossible for the price but the software is finished and wouldn't be hard to add a few more features for us. I have an enterprise type network for my family setup. They're all a part of my domain and have VPN access. Anyways, would this device work with a corporate type network that'd allow multiple users of the same domain to access files and upload from their mobile devices? @lima Sounds like a great product guys, I wish you all the best in your quest. Quick question on the TV streaming functionality (without a chromecast set up). I read (or at least my understanding was so) that you should be able to listen to music or watch video files on your TV as long as it is connected to your home router by Ethernet or WiFi. How does this work? Will the TV pick up your hd (that is connected to the lima) as a device? My understanding was that I should be able to see all my files in storage on the TV and use the Lima as a form of media server. Will this functionality work with all TVs? @alex Not sure. But definitely lima doesnt store anything, it is a gateway to you storage via inet acess. If hdd fails, it is lost(in my understanding)since hdd is carrying the info and not lima. there number of things bugging me such hdd speed vs home inet speed vs inet speed where you are for example to watch a bluray movie from your hdd in US and you being in Australia. Secondly dumping hundreds of photos in seconds, i presume it is about allowing other person use your login at their website. Not sure, may be someone can correct me Ok so if I am understanding correctly. Lima will copy all the files/folders I want it to and keep them up to date correct? So in the event of an ext hdd failure all your data is still on the devices. So all you need is a new ext hdd and lima will back up all your files agian? This woukd also work in the event of a device failure. Replace or repair the device and you can get all your data back? If this is how it works it is exactly what I am looking for. This user's account has been deleted. Almost there! :D Also, which linux distros are you planning on supporting? Would it be possible to use lima offline only? As in local network only rather than being open to the internet. Also, I note you didn't comment on Alex Winkle's question re:transferring of data to the ext HDD. I understand Brendan D already answered but I'd like some clarification. If my internal drive is only an small SSD, surely data would surely have to be copied off the internal SSD and left only on the ext HDD. And my understanding was that the Lima software would use something akin to a hybrid SSD logic: only keep things locally that are used frequently or recently. Or would it be more of the case that the software only starts making the cache/don't cache decision when the internal storage is nearly at capacity? Hi Taylor - I too am glad they haven't added more and more features. I have seen many projects add more and more features until in the end they failed to deliver the basic item let alone all the extras. In fact if they added more and more 'stuff' I would walk Unlike @Taylor, I'm glad to see a lack of scope creep that tends to add a great deal of difficulty to Kickstarter projects. Make a plan and stick to it. As if economies of scale weren't difficult enough! If the stretch goals don't get updated with new features / hardware I will be pulling my pledge. Yes your product is amazing but if you cannot do anything else creatively other than colours with 15x the cash you specifically requested to cover all manufacturing costs. Then quite frankly I don't trust where you will go with this product in the future. You have been given an amazing opportunity and you are doing nothing with it. Will there be support for OpenELEC? Hello, 3 questions : 1- Is it possible to save on CrashPlan directly from plug or do we need to keep the pc connected to send data to crashplan's data center. 2- Did the plug device detect the hard drive where "my document" folder is ? Because this folder is on my secondary hard-drive. 3- If i'm in travel far from my Lima hard drive, but i have an internet connection, did i'm connected to my drive like at home ? @Simon Chen Dybvik RTFM!!!! @The CGC team: Have manufacturing of Lima started? Have to wait until april, and I don't want to wait so long :( IS LIMA CE CERTIFIED? @ Alex Lima works efficiently using local caching. Local means the files that are already on your device stay there, and a copy of them is made on the Lima drives. This means that for files on your mobile device or computer, Lima acts as a synchronized backup of data. If the only copy of files were on the Lima drives, that would make things very inefficient and the pledge amounts wouldn't be nearly this high. :) Another concern just popped in my head. This device dose not remove the data off of the devices and move it to the external HDs does it? I don't mind it keeping a copy of everything from my devices but I would be worried about a HDD failure in the case of it al being in one location. And don't say just get 2 limas as I cant really afford to purchase 2 right now. I am not sure if this is already a feature but I want o be able to share a file with friends from the Lima but I do not want them to have access to the whole drive just one file or folder to share with them. Can that be done? Please hurry with production! Tired of spending $13 every month! @ janotterstetter Thanks for the repliy. RAID 6 is great until the RAID drive utility dies, as some have experienced with their DROBO's. I was hoping for something like RAID 1, in spite of the lower efficiency. My preference for that comes from the fact that this is a new company using some new hardware, and if the Lima dies, I still want to be able to plug my USB drive in and grab my files manually. (Not that I expect my Lima to die). hello, can I use my computer hard-drive instead of an external hard disk? @ Brandon D I asked the CGC Team about RAID compatibility. They answered that RAID 6 will be supported by the advanced features of the LIMA (plug ;-) <url>•̀_•́) Jerry (•̀_•́) I send the CGC team a message with the same question as I'm an early baker too. This is what they answered: We don't have any early bird Plug devices anymore, but you can add as many Plug devices as you want by adding $79 (one additional unit, incl. shipping) or $149 (two additional units, incl. shipping) to your pledge. Thanks for supporting us! Best, The team All the best Jan USB 3.0 will be great. except for blue you can choose any color after the end of the campaign Hello. I have some question about the Lima's features. If I kept offline-viewing on my files, they doesn't work from online on Lima? Can you make any statement about the Apple Time Machine? May the Tome Machine file "able"(no matter how) to storage in the driver which plug in the Lima? Hello, I am a new backer and I just want to know how it is possible to take my Lima in white (if it is unlocked of course) ? Thank you in advance for your answer ! Regards Loïc Hello ! Great device 1) would be great to have earlier shipping 2) would it be easy to get the MAC address of the lima ? (Needed to obtain connexion in my work place) 3) how does the device handle multiple users. In a family for instance, picture and music available for everybody (all device) but work related stuff specific to one or two device ? Thanks Hello, 3 questions : 1- Is it possible to save on CrashPlan directly from plug or do we need to keep the pc connected to send data to crashplan's data center. 2- Did the plug device detect the hard drive where "my document" folder is ? Because this folder is on my secondary hard-drive. 3- If i'm in travel far from my Lima hard drive, but i have an internet connection, did i'm connected to my drive like at home ? maybe i didn't read the comments well but do you get the device in the actual color? I am a backer since now. the color question wasn't asked during the process... ???? Jan @Christopher I agree that they should not be making MAJOR hardware changes that would affect either their costing or ability to complete the project on time, but just as a quick correction (in my opinion) when they asked for $69k which includes amazon fees + KS fees of ~9%, they still make enough per piece to recover the cost of all 1. Tools 2. Molds 3. Material/components + Labor 4. R&D done so far ...and plus a little spare cash to pay themselves (maybe its small, but its there right?) and not to mention a small buffer to keep continuing the project even after KS is done with. Sounds about right...right? I mean, no one is going to start a project and say that I'm gonna do this KS project at a loss yeah? Now given the fact that they have achieved, what? like..13x of their goal, with the same margin don't you suppose they've recovered enough to make the same tools/molds/etc 13 times over?? and those small buffers also start seeming just that much bigger methinks...and we haven't accounted for what is probably better negotiating power and lower rates for these larger volumes that they can get now from their vendors and suppliers to further pull their costs down. But even without that, its still...WOW! So yeah, while I agree that those stretch goals would be unrealistic, at the same time, dropping colors which is just a Masterbatch change during the injection molding of the cases, and literally costs them next to nothing at these volumes is a bad joke at best. I say let the stretch goals be more realistic, software related (that can be pushed out as an update post fulfillment)or very minor HW upgrades, custom engraving/lasermarking these device cases to show they're some sort of Kickstarter edition, etc. Hi Taylor They are not making much money per unit (it will retail for $150 after KS....) so they are not making loads of spare cash it will be going on making and shipping the product - if they started promising lots of stuff it would hit delivery time table. There have been too many projects that added stuff in stretch goals that lead to it becoming vapourware, and to be honest if they started adding on stupid stretch goals I would walk. Not going down USB 3.0 route has been covered in the FAQ <url>#project_faq_62394 but the short answer is the way Lima works having USB3 would jack up the cost a lot for very limited improvement in performance. CE certification - from what I have read on the comments the hardware is CE certified. Fantastic achievement! Congratulations to the CGC team! I can't wait to get a pink & (hopefully) white Lima plug! @Don B. Creator The CGC team on Jul 29 @Petri Oksanen, @Vincent Liu: Yes Plug should work with Drobo. It has the right kernel version for it. We didn't test it, though: our Drobo died a few months ago. IS LIMA CE CERTIFIED?????? WHY DO YOU KEEP AVOIDING THE QUESTION.. ANSWER YES OR NO. I'm not going to lie. Since you have smashed you goal 15x over do you think we can get more features? Different colours? Yes because painting a piece of metal white costs $850,000. You are honestly wasting our time. I absolutely love you product but to be honest there is a lot of room for improvement. For starters you could take the extra money and give us USB 3.0.... Is that really a lot to ask for considering you're dream has not only become a reality but exceeded your every dream. Thanks for the answers :) Since you were able to destroy your initial goal what are the chances of pushing up the release date? I cant wait to start using this! Hope it really is as amazing as it sounds. hi how about a cooperation with the ubuntu edge <url>"whole month" left, can drastically change the scope and/or scale of a project. True, this project has raised a great deal more money that the original goal but it isn't just extra money. The $800k+ is largely needed to produce the product for the 9,600+ backers. I agree that the team should continue to do what they can to make the UI, app and overall product the best it can be but, like I said earlier, adding things at this point can potentially add more delays than benefits. I know it is already a large undertaking going from zero to likely over 10,000 units. So lets be happy they are building something that will last and that is being so well received by so many people. What are we looking at for further stretch goals? Or is the 1 million dollar limit the last? Similar to what Adam L. says below, the huge over-funding puts lots of pressure on the creators to deliver way more units than they expected, but gives them way more money to work with. I'd suggest the following with the extra funding: 1. try to improve on that April delivery date. (I recognize that it is there for a reason- that CGC already understands that more unite means more runs and waiting for more parts). 2. scheduled delivery of advanced software features. Another feature idea for the mobile apps would be user control over whether to sync files using cellular data, or just wait until on wifi. Specific requests for a file made from the mobile device should be fulfilled regardless, of course, but perhaps with a warning if the transfer size exceeds XX MB. 3. As soon as it funds: put out a survey for backers asking about advanced software requests. Limit responses to 400 characters, of course. Select the best ideas to schedule in development path. Use those 10,000 brains who are already paying attention. Hi I've just bought for lima and I've several question that i can't find in the FAQ : - Is Lima will be compliant with appleTV ? - Is Lima will be compliant with Time machine ? - Is Lima will be upgradable by downloading new firmware ? Thanks a lot This user's account has been deleted. I'm not normally much of a whiner, but I have to agree with Jazzper and others. The idea that new color options is the stretch goal is pretty disappointing; even more so that the margin between them is on the order of $150k each step (this seems huge since I assume you're picking from an available color palette with a manufacturer rather than formulating your own dye scheme). Even if the colors were *only* available to kickstarter backers it's pretty far off from the spirit of kickstarter stretch goals. The reason we're all here is to help small groups get off the group; and the stretch goal stuff is meant to be a thank you. If we as a community make your project so successful that you're able to reach FAR beyond your original plans, it also means we're helping with things like driving down costs at volume discounts. The stretch goal thank you is meant to share those kinds of benefits. Ss of writing this, the community has support you guys in reaching *15 times* your projected plan, and you've still got almost a month left. I would assume you'd be able to offer all kinds of awesome stuff. With that much cash you should be able to trivially fund all manufacturing, and probably hire half a dozen to a dozen developers to help extend the feature offerings *WAY* beyond the original plan and still have money left to quit your day jobs, and get a startup off the ground and probably purchased. Don't get me wrong, I've never invested my life into something like this, and I'm sure I don't see the entire picture; but as a backer the points I listed out are all that I get to see. So it feels like we're all social media blasting and liking and favoriting your project, and in the end our only thank you is knowing someone is gonna buy a new car/house with the additional volume margins once the goods are shipped. Maybe even just a new cost breakdown document or an update about why colors cost an extra $150k each might help abate some of the angst people have (and prevent backer loss at that) Will I be able to load files, such as a video, from my iphone to the Lima using a 3G connection? If so, will the speed be reasonable, or super slow? @Back 2 Base-ix: Anything you have connected to your lima you can access from your PC so you could just do what you're doing now, use your PC to connect via HDMI to the TV. Excuse my ignorance, but prior to the chrome cast update, how does the Lima connect to a hdmi tv? Currently my pc is connected via hdmi to the tv and I load movies to watch from an external HD. If I now plug my external HD to the Lima, how do I get the movie to the tv? Thanks to anyone who can clear this up for me :) I just tipped you over the $900k mark :) @Giorgio, if you mark files to be stored offline, they will be stored on that device as well as on the lima, perhaps that would work as a free backup for your purposes. Hey, A few questions and requests: 1. Could you consider in the development adding the ability to mark some locations on the computer not to be backed-up by Lima? 2. Would you be willing to have a well-trusted third party examine each major source code release in order to report back to the backers that you are meeting the security claims made here? In case you get a court order to break your own security protocol, I'd like a verifiable expert in a country that you're not in to sign the firmware, or something like that. Or am I being overly paranoid about files sitting unencrypted on my USB hard drive? 3. Stay Awesome! Can you post a photo of the Blue Lima? I seriously can't wait for this!!! Almost to $1 million. We need more stretch goals ;) I've pledged but I'm worried about the "backup the whole" drive thing. I don't want to backup the whole drive - e.g. computer specific configuration files (mount points etc.) could be positively harmful to my other computers if put in the same location. I hope that we'll be able to choose certain directories to backup. @The CGC team Very cool to see Chromecast support, Will it be possible to stream to Chromecast without an Android phone/tablet? (IE start from computer and watch on TV?) Are any more details on the Linux Desktop integration available? Is Lima tied in at the Linux OS level (files available from the command line)? What Linux distributions are supported? Will a specific Linux Desktop environment be required? (KDE, Gnome, XFCE, ...) Thanks again. Is/will Lima be compatible with Roku? Andre - Spend 500 on the pledge and you will get it on December. Otherwise, just hope your stars that someone from the earlier group will drop the pledge and you are here to take it. Can we add on to our pledge for multiple units? If so, how? I would not mind paying extra money to receive my product earlier than April, is there any way this could work out ? @Giorgio Travaini if you have an extra drive you can use it to backup all your data, its unlikely there would be room on your devices anyways am that's probably the cheapest option available cause it is just the cost of the storage. @Suman the CGC Guys will contact you right before shipping to get your current shipping address so no worried :) @CGCTeam is there any updates coming soon ? More info ? a video ? screengrabs ? This user's account has been deleted. sorry I answer to myself directly: <url>#project-faqs A comparison with Tonido and TonidoPlug would also be nice to have (I have not read it, maybe I have overlooked), price wise your deal win, would be interesting to know on the apps/features wise ;-) Bravo pour ce projet. Vous m'avez convaincu! PS: want to say "what about inclunding a feature..." @The CGC team an idea: why would you include a feature where the user can chose if with 2 HD connection instead of increasing the size you opt for a backup solution on a partition of the bigger HD? @Kamilah Carter yes I have read that with two plugs I can get a backup solution, but I asked if it was possible to have a "free" solution in the mid-way of a full backup paid (because you have to buy a second plug) solution ;-) @The CGC team looking forward to read from you and to have more updates concening shipping dates and picture/file sending/sharing updates or any other updates!! :-) @Giorgio Travaini if you get two plugs all your files will be stored on both. I believe you will also be able to delegate a drive to be used as a backup. This way you can back up stuff without clogging your devices. I believe a picture/file sending/sharing component is also in the works though a lot of detail has yet to be released @Jonathan Lindberg I second SMM saving or syncing of some sort, that would be a greatly appreciated feature even if just released some time in the future I don't know if this already have been posted but you guys should make a channel (or what ever they call it) for IFTTT on iPhone so that you can have all of your pictures, videos and contacts automatically uploaded to the Lima, and perhaps even SMS log syncing if it's possible? My first kickstarter bid is for you!! Would you be able to ship before? April 2014 is very far away... A free backup solution would be fantastic, maybe you can make it with a selection of very important files that will be stored physically in at least one device (in addition of the external HD)? Also a free picture sharing Lima website where our relatives/friends could download the full size pictures would be great, as for example <url>– Irving, Texas, United States @KRIS basically right about manufacturing though some components have been changed, they made as few changes as possible @Visionevent I know the page for this project is very long but that information was always available in the main description of the project, additional syncing options are being developed though they aren't guaranteed to be ready by launch, I believe more information is available in the comments on this (and possibly a FAQ though I can't check on my phone) @Darko Vukovic they're starting a business so it's unlikely the project will become open source regardless how much they make @Robert Tremaroli all backers will be able to choose between the unlocked colors, you won't be stuck with black You should probably switch the name on the pledges from "plug" to "Lima" to avoid future confusion from potential backers i too waiting response on certification issue Knowing the info below. It makes sense why no hardware changes are possible, just cosmetic stretch goals. I'm on the fence with supporting this current version. USB2 is is slow. Control via software wis another bottle neck. I'll wait until Addonics provides an updated hardware and perhaps the software processing speed will increase. @visionevent @KRIS Addonics and the diffrences between it and Lima has been discussed on this thread before. Check out Ivan Duka's post from July 26th wow Kris, now it makes sense why they can't change anything within the hardware for stretch goals, if this would have been explained earlier I'm sure it would have saved a lot of backer's frustrations.. & Darko I don't ever see them open sourcing their software since that is their only differentiator from someone picking up the addonics NASU2... so basically the base device is $40, the price premium we are paying is for their software that sits on top of already existing hardware... I do agree with you Andre though, if there was a way for them to add more features on the software end( since that's all they are doing in the first place) that would be nice. I myself have a drobo with roughly 12tbs of data in use...Lima isn't going to work for me in the sense I can't specify folders to sync... maybe you can focus on that? since not everyone stores their media in the system folders? just an idea.. I really initially liked the idea of Lima, and the promise of it being different than pogoplug or other NAS box, which I see that it is, just would be nice if there was a way to encompass the features of a NAS anyway.. thanks Depends on the pledge tier you choose. Each is self-explanatory. The earlier ones need shipping. The latter ones are included. So do we really have to add $10 for shipping or what? Hahaha, Nevermind my comment about the certification thing. :) I forgot that this PLUG already is on the market, was discuss before. Only thing is that Lima has created the softwares to make better use of the device. <url>"CE Certification"? I remembering backing a project but right before campaign ends, someone asked about if the project got its Certifications" and the project creator said no... not yet... so I backed out of that project, lucky I did cause it took that project almost 3 yrs to get their product approved and certified. Backers from that project still hasn't received their rewards. So it's important for us to know if Lima has submitted for Certification and has been approved. I like Lima and what it can do, but I've seen project put on hold for years due certification or approvals. Hope Lima can answer soon. Thanks!! :) I took the comment below from Hot Watch kickstarter project comments page. The idea is the same for Lima: what about customs and certification for international backers ? I love your product, and I hope received it. Good luck ! I read through (most) of the existing comments and found repeatedly the question about the CE Certification. As you stated this will take additional time and that´s fine for me (but hopefully this is cleared bevore the funding ends in case the HOT doesn´t get CE certification), but i have some additional problems for international backers to mention: First of all, what´s about the warranty cases or situations where an international backer/owner of a HOT Watch has to send it in for repairs? Will there be european based service partners? Regarding my experiences with OUYA and some other projects, do you have an expert for the international regulations and for customs etc. on hand? OUYA for example wasn´t able to send the packages in a way that customs could inspect them fast and because ot that all OUYAs were stopped by customs (Pebbles too), in the worst cases the OUYAs were destroyed by customs because of missing certificates (like CE) in the boxes, missing receipts outside the boxes, stating that the value of the OUYAs was below 69$ (and that wasn´t the case and made at least german customs stop the import of OUYAs)... Pebble made some of those mistakes, too. So this is a major risk for us international backers. @Andre-Pierre Rossignol, as they should that's how businesses work, also the devices are already over 50% off retail, so its not like there's a lot of wiggle room @Rhaevyn Fae I don't know for sure if I have the complete answer to this but maybe I can help you get a bit better idea. 1. You need enough room on your phone to store the whole video to film it. Upload speed will depend on location: fastest is at home or another location where your Lima is kept, the speed will be slower if you're on wifi or using your phones data, depending on the speed of your connection. They have said some things about instantly sending a lot of photos, maybe that would also work with video too but I'm not really sure how that is supposed to work. As my understanding you should be able to keep taking pictures/video without having to manually remove any images, as long as enough of the media has already been saved on to lima. I have a question that might have already been explained, but I want to be clear. I love taking videos with my iphone when on vacation, but I often have problems running out of space before I run out of things I want to record. Having a Lima plugged into my Internet at home, will I be able to take a video on vacation using my iphone and transfer it to the Lima through an app so that the video doesn't take up room on my phone itself? I have a model with 3G. And if this is possible, would the uploading be reasonably fast, or will it take a huge amount of time for a single video? Thanks. I agree completely with Andre. It would be nice to see new stretch goals. Yet, as they said themselves, the value of this kickstarter is not the device itself but the software driving it, which they had to make no matter how many devices they were going to sell beyond their 69 000$ treshold. The cost of the software developement, which costs more than developing the hardware, was already included in the 69 000$ initial goal and everything above it is a net profit in this regard...of course, there's a minimum fixed cost in providing the device and the service, but the more device they sell, the more money per device they make.... @Andre-Pierre Rossignol the amount of money they have per device has not changed and more colors was a popular request I really hope the stretch goals get a major overhaul, different colors for a device nobody will ever see after it's been plugged seems a bit ridiculous to me ;) Using the extra money to improve the product/bring more features to the product would be much welcomed instead! @Christian USB 3 definately isn't happening for this kickstarter, the FAQ explains why, but basically the cost is way more, and the performance increase as felt by the user is minimal due to the way that plug works How does Plug handles exposing photos in iPhoto (1 giant file) which is all i have in Pictures? Same goes for iMovie (Movies) and iTunes (Music)? Specifically adding photos in iPhone, showing existing pictures in iPhone, playing music in iPhone, etc. Could we see a stretch goal of a usb 3.0 plug? @CGC I seriously hope it isn't a rainbow coloured lima! ;) Any chance of making Lima work with an existing file server on the LAN as the storage pool? I'll wager the legal claim came from Tonido, aka TonidoPlug @Stephen, welcome to KS. Prepare to spend plenty more burning holes in your credit card. ;) If you're in US, then whatever the reward pledge, it is already included the postage (part of KS rule). This is true for most KS projects. Lima (previously known as Plug) is a bit different. You need to top up another 10 bucks whether you are in US or not. You'll need to key in the number manually by clicking the 'manage pledge' button. No actual charge is made yet until the end of funding date if successful. Lima already way past the funding goal, so you'll get bill on the end date. You can always cancel your pledge before the end date. Hi CGC , this is the first project I have ever backed so am a little new to it all. I used Amazon as my payment method but it did not let me add postage to the value of donation. Will I receive later notification of bill and colour I have a question. Can I share data with other users who do not have Lima? Just as it is possible with Dropbox. According to the description it is possible to share the data, but with whom? What security options are there? So... is there a difference between the "Plug" and the "Lima"? BACKUP PACK (second batch): You get 2 black Plug devices, to replicate your data in 2 different places. (shipping *included*) Estimated delivery: Apr 2014 BACKUP PACK (second batch): You get 2 black Lima devices, to replicate your data in 2 different places. ($10 shipping included) Estimated delivery: Apr 2014 this may be a stupid question but does the device have to be connected to the internet on fixed line? will wifi work? could you add some "REAL" thing to stretch goal, not just colors. for example: software function. That's weird - now I am backing Lima and Lumu ;-) I don't like these legal claims based on words or logo's - big firms bullying small ones like <url>"Legal Claim" that you encountered, that made you change your name? Thanks! So it it pronounced Lima, like the beans, or Lima, like Peru's capital? Either way, I'd have gone with Spigot or maybe Doofenschmirtzed it up and called it the Pluginator not so sure about LIMA, its the name of a city no ? it doesnt sound technologic at all... anyway, you still have my support, your product is still awesome :) Honnestly, I don't like the LIMA name, but it makes no difference to me at all! I'd buy even if it was called Pink Unicorn...especially if its called Pink Unicorn actually, but that's beside the point! I don't believe LIMA conveys the same kind of "technological" message as PLUG did. I think you can come up with a much better acronym for your product. Oh no :-( Plug was a great name! LIMA for linux i m a what? @ CGC Team: Plug was a very good branding explained with your own words reflected the simplicity in combination with the infinite loop. If the team sticks to lima, i think all are curious to hear the meaning or if some branding god gave you a good reason. My Vote: PLUG :-) What about voters choice ;-) All the Best Jan Oh no :-( Plug was a great name! LIMA for linux i m a what? @ CGC Team: Plug was a very good branding explained with your own words reflected the simplicity in combination with the infinite loop. If the team sticks to lima, i think all are curious to hear the meaning or if some branding god gave you a good reason. My Vote: PLUG :-) What about voters choice ;-) All the Best Jan The name just got changed for "LIMA" ... what !? @Maxim - sounds like for your situation, dropbox integration might work well, but I would submit that yours is an edge case. Another way to get around this would be to have a simple sync job run on your computer to sync the key files to the dropbox folder. This is what what the CGC Team posted to by my question. Best Jan Hi All, you can configure your plug to suport RAID 6, technical explanation see Wikipedia. So the backup Issue will be solved locally. All the Best Jan Any updates coming soon ? @Jim Miller No. By my logic store data in dropbox safer than store them at home. :) I also thought about two Plugs. But in that case I have two choices to safe my few megabytes of critical information: 1. Use free dropbox account. 2. Spend 75$ + HDD price for second Plug and resources to find a place where to deploy it. I think first is obvious choice. @Maxim, so by your logic, you'd need a backup to dropbox in case dropbox went offline? :-) As for your two requirements, it seems that they are perfectly handled by the use of 2 plugs. One at your home and another at your office or a friend's place. The two plugs will keep each other in sync and allow you to access the other plug if one is offline. @Jim Miller Yes I know about offline feature in Plug. But I'm talking about data availability. This mean that everything can happen (I could lose my device with offline files and Plug also will be offline and I'm in 1000km from home). Your words: "Plug is intended to be a dropbox replacement, not a dropbox integrator.". But dropbox solve two additional problems except synchronization: 1. Data backup. 2. Data availability. And if for backup I see reasonable solutions from Plug developers. For data availability I still need dropbox. And how it will be a dropbox replacement? No, idea itself great. And I already backed to this project. But to be awesome for me it must totally replace dropbox in any aspects. @Maxim, If you have a few files that absolutely, positively must be available, you can mark them so that they are always locally updated and cached. That way, even if an internet connection at your current or home location is unavailable (like on an airplane), you'll have the latest and greatest with you. As for dropbox/spideroak/etc. integration, why? Plug is intended to be a dropbox replacement, not a dropbox integrator. Asking a small startup to radically change the goal of a new product, and suddenly have to host user data, is asking for the startup to fail. They can't be all things to all people. Let them focus on doing what they set out to do. Plug won't work for everyone and every scenario, and it shouldn't have to. @Maxim, yeah Plug should offer direct integration with Dropbox (or any other cloud based plan). Actually why not plug integrate Gdrive, Dropbox, etc as like the physical drives? I also want those cloud space as part of all my universe of space. @Deepra Smith About cat it was sarcasm. I thought it was clear. :) And other stuff you understand quite literally. My point that I have critical data (small one, not video or pictures) that must be available in any case. Home Internet will down or electricity or something else (HDD or Plug will die). Yes I suggesting free Plug cloud service of small size. Or fast and easy integration with Dropbox (personally I prefer SpiderOak). But if Plug is replacement of Dropbox integration with it look strange. This is just another safe mechanism like backup. I'm still a bit unclear about a few of the details here, this may have already been covered, if so then forgive my reposting of the same question.. Ill describe a scenario Say I have 4 hard drives hooked up to my plug. 2 @ 100GB and 2 @ 250gb, giving me a total of 700gb. How is this 'free space' exposed to all the devices I have connected to the plug? I assume that since the drives won't need to be formatted, they will be exposed as 4 separate drives that I can select? Or, is that space exposed as one massive storage option of 700GB ? I'm hopeful it's the former as I can't visualise how the latter would work if the drives connected won't need to be formatted. If we have no granular control over where files can be saved in our PLUG infrastructure, how does the PLUG determine what to save where? I also assume there will be no mirroring of files across the drives? What about the existing content on these drives? will they be automatically exposed or will the plug app/interface allow us to control what is exposed? I also assume, when it comes to mobile devices such as IOS devices and Android devices, the additional storage being made available to these devices will only be exposed through the Plug app? How will PLUG expose these files to external apps on these devices, specifically with IOS and their closed sandbox infrastructure? I really like the idea behind this, but I feel there is alot of fine details, such as this, that hasn't been communicated properly. @Maxim, seems like Dropbox would fit you main needs (available on most platforms). Are you suggesting free Plug cloud service? Or, Dropbox-like fee model? This is getting more and more far-fetch than what this project originally pitched. I got several TB data (catalogs, csv databases, Excel files, pictures, videos and pdfs), not sure how 1GB cloud Plug service going to fulfill my critical needs? And not sure adding cat photos is consider critical too. Probably just make sure one pays the ISP bill on time (or automate the recurring payments) would be easier. Actually, it is a mini blessing if one are disconnected once in a while. Appreciate more of the physical world when virtual is down. Hi. I don't know if you think about that. But for me one big advantage of cloud storage that you can access your critical data with 99.99% probability. It will be really cool if I could mark some data as critical and this data will be uploaded to cloud. Let me explain on example what I mean. I have data base with passwords. Of course it must be on all my devices. And it will be. But if I will be in other country and my provider disconnect Plug from Internet because I forgot to pay my bill and my phone will die. So, there will be no way for me to login on facebook and add like to photo of my friend cat. :) So, if you could organize small cloud for critical data (1Gb will be enough because data that really important are small) it will be just awesome. Thanks. @Cynthia Siew the CGC answered your question about NAS compatibility in a previous comment "NAS compatibility is on our todo list, but we cannot promise it for shipping time: it might take a few months more to develop. In the meantime, backing up your files on your NAS is a very good idea. It should be possible with any backup daemon out there. CrashPlan provides a very good solution for this: their software is free to use if you backup to a NAS." @Harvey Bengan There are plugs coming out in December, January and April, but the December and January ones are much smaller batches and are sold out @Shahab Sabetnejad they are most likely working on plug and in meetings to see how plug can work with other devices and tech, I'm sure we'll hear from them again soon @Graeme Booth you will still be able to access all the files you've specified for offline use, and that have been cached to your device. what happens when you unexpectedly lose internet connection though? like pipersw ... I could help with Spanish translation ;) Does the software will be multilangages ? I could help for French translation if you want. @Shahab They must have a party with many of the creators of other projects I'm backing! Where the hell is the team, no stretch goal update, no feedback, and no questions answered for 5 days are the second batches really coming out in april of next year? i love this idea, but was wondering if plug is able to work with nas systems... i believe some of us are already using it to back up our data etc, so how can plug be integrated with a nas? @Richard, that's exactly right. Everything will look like it's stored locally but it's really located on the drive connected to plug (with some caching on your local drive) right i'm fairly sure I understand how it works at the moment all my music in itunes is stored on a NAS and the location of the files is set to look at a network folder with plug if i put music in my music folder on my mac it would in turn sync to plug. then could i set itunes to look at the music folder and load my music as if it was on my mac Has it been said what is the minimum Android OS they will be supporting? Thanks. @Stephanie, now you made me very curious. Could you post your questions here? Hey Markus, well if my data is routed via CGC servers then the NSA got it regardless via their NARUS boxes at AT&T coastal nodes... :-) Might pass on this then. [No secret data.. just my data].. Hi Stephanie, I've yet to see the CGC correct any of Kamilah answer questions (and I've been around from the first day so have been keeping up with the comments). I'm sure Kamilah will be able to answer @Maxwell Garris not entirely sure of your first question but in guessing it would depend on future app integration and the specific app As for your second question, drives aren't meant to be plugged in and out (just as you would rarely take out the hard drive of your computer. But you can access all the files on plug as if they were on your computer without removing the drive. @Stephanie I'm fairly familiar with the information they have released and have a good understanding of the plug. If you tell me your questions I may be able to help @David Rice as far as I know all those operating systems are supported, you don't require any particular system @Stephanie: Why don't post your question here? Maybe somebody can answer. And if you cancel your pledge, I guess, nobody cares. @Deepra - I assure you I've read the FAQs and unfortunately, the answers aren't there. nor were my questions highly technical that it'd require a team of PhD candidates to answer... I think it's reasonable to want answers without filtering through 500 comments, and I've tried! in any case, I guess I'll hope they answer at some point or cancel my pledge. @Markus K. Deep Purple forever!!! (and Pink Floyd) ;) @Rob: As it is not open source, I wouldn't trust them anyway. So it really doesn't matter if they say it is encrypted or not. Even if they say it is encrypted nobody can doublecheck if there isn't any backdorr in it and nobody can check if the implementation of the encryption is safe or not. I wouldn't put classified data on plug. So just to understand this... I cluster my drives at home using Plug... Then when I access my data from any other location outside of my home network the entire data stream is encrypted.. Is it bounced/routed via your servers in the USA, or your role simply to identify & validate the connection, and then my data is then routed directly between the point to point locations of my Plug home IP and my location IP [per say] like my mates place? Is my data is encrypted then streamed via your servers? If I don't have any os's but just android and ios and even windows rt(bad mistake I know) will this work for me? I just wished they posted somewhere the questions as they answered them as my questions are not in the FAQ. I realize they don't want to make section long. Maybe an "update" or an external link? Anyways, I am excited about this, and curious as to how it will compare to Space Monkey. I would rather avoid a monthly fee for similar functionality, upgrade whenever I feel like it, have more choice as to where my data is duplicated, actually own the hardware, upgrade whenever I feel like it, replace hard drives whenever I feel like it...etc. @Stephanie, maybe you can checkout the FAQ section. I see A LOT of these 500 messages are repeats and mostly answered there. If you find it a bit hard to go through 500, probably same goes with @CGC. They probably got several magnitude more via private emails. @CGC are just a couple a handful people in operation. And almost all are actively coding now. I doubt they can get a dedicated outsourced Tech Support to answer all questions promptly and correctly. Even some billion dollars companies couldn't do that too, sometime. Some questions posed here are getting more and more far-fetch. Thus far unimpressed by the customer service. I sent your company a message 2 weeks ago, yet I get no reply. Not all of us can run through almost 500 messages you know. If you want to field questions via comments maybe you should say so? Meh. gimme violet, not purple First off great product idea can wait to use mine. First question: if I were to use a torrent downloader or something of that sort on my phone would it be able to download straight to the plug? And second: if I where to have one hard drive hooked up to the plug would I be able to unplug it and plug it directly into my computer to access the files on it? Thank you again for a great product. Hello, two questions : 1- Is it possible to save on CrashPlan directly from plug or do we need to keep the pc connected to send data to crashplan's data center. 2- Did the plug device detect the hard drive where "my document" folder is ? Because this folder is on my secondary hard-drive. @Matt Burrows the user files (not systems or applications) are what is synced (though it sounds like plug may be able to back up those other files (like app data, where email is kept) On a windows computer this would be desktop, my pictures, my documents, my videos and my music. @Kenneth Taylor the answer to your second question is yes Hi CGC Team, i have a question regarding mac osx and time machine, not sure you answered such a question before. When I use a "P" (plug) drive, will i be able to choose it as a time machine backup volume? Thanks in advance, All the Best Jan Somebody below left a comment that said we will not be able to select the folders/files we want to have access to via Plug. I'm a bit confused then, as I have files on my desktop and buried in other parts of my computer (and external hard drives) that I would like access to. How does Plug determine which folders/files users can share/access? I hope that future projects will expand the product range from the CGC plug to a single "box" with HDD or HDD's internal for example the NAS-G105, NAS-R103, NAS-G200 all from the same manufacturer and if they use the same soc one would hope once complete and working on the plug porting the software to other hardware devices would be a possible option with some modification. 1) I would be interested to know if once CGC plug is in production and software complete if you were considering this, I already have a rats nest of cable and have run out of power plugs for all my peripherals so all consolidation solutions are of interest. 2) If i chose to keep a local copy of a file on my pc (for redundancy or offline use) will this keep it both on the pc and the CGC plug attached drive and automatically sync any updated on the local copy to the copy on the CGC plug attached drive? 3) Due to having an ssd boot drive on my workstation I have my users folder on a different drive will plug be able to deal with this, i also think the "P" (CGC plug drive) is a good idea even if in a later software update as I have another drive with many folders on my workstation not in uses that i would like available on my ipad, android phone and laptop. looking forward using CGC plug for all my physical endpoints and it will be good to try it for user files on my VM's. thanks and good luck for what looks like a great project, i hope you can answer my questions. roll on Violet. Any way this can work with a chromebook? How can I find (or can you make) the list of features and supported OS which will be available on the release date (december)? And another list with todo features and aproximate timeframes will be also very handy. Thank you! The more technical your responses get the more I want one. Keep it up! @Clarence, I would suggest you get yourself a Hibermate. It should solve you lighting problems when asleep. <url>"If some of your friends have Plug, you can also ask your Plugs to back up each other's content. Your data is encrypted, so your friends will not be able to read it." If my friend and I buy Plugs, can we backup each other's content over the Internet with only one hard drive on each plug? I think I understand which files/folders are included in the backup by default. I also understand that you don't plan to allow users to select folders and locations to be included/excluded via some sort of setup process, at least not at the start. Is/will it be possible to manually edit a configuration file to control the files, folders, and locations that are included or excluded? I have a two-disk computer with my data files stored outside of the User files folder, and I also don't want to waste space backing up anything that is not a data file, so I'd like to exclude all system and app files. Quick logistics question. As it stands, if all of the available backer options sold out, you'd be around 13k Plugs. you say in November that you'll be starting production, with the goal of reaching 20k/month. So why are some awards not scheduled to ship until April? Thanks, looking forward to this product. Not sure I understand it 100%, but I'm reading/watch as much of your content as I can to figure it out. Would be awesome to figure a way to send a second plug and the drives in a datacenter somewhere with a fast internet connection, like in a hollowed out 1u chassis or small tower...would help a lot with backups/streaming on the go! You have mentioned CrashPlan several times for backing up the Plugged data, but are we able to run CrashPlan software directly in Plug or do we still have to backup the data from the computers? Hi guys, congratulations on the immense success! Still have a question, once plug is in function, does that mean I can erase the files from my computer (i.e. once Plug copied them to my external USB drive)? How does that work? And what kind of files does Plug copy (also program files)? Thanks! why dont you answer any questions @Matt: When you bake or later buy plug these are the costs you have. No monthly fees. The CGC Team mentioned if you would like to use backup services then a fee has to be paid to the backup provider. Access to your data from a device not yours will be achieved via a web service / web site of the CGC Team. Without a fee as I understand. Best Jan Sorry, meant "I thought I read," not "Ibread." I just want to be sure. I thought Ibread that there is a $5 a month fee to access files remotely? Is that true? If so, does that mean if I want want access to my entire music library when I'm biking that I'll need to pay a monthly fee? I estimate this will reach $1.8 Million :) Will Plug work with HDD Docking Stations like StarTech.com? <url>~SATDOCK22U3S Hi CGC Team, thanks for the quite good answers, appreciate that! Regarding the drobos and Co.: What about dropping these guys (companies) a short note, i bet they will support you with test equipment, because plug will enhance their products with no effort for them! Dont be shy ;-) Private question: did you get my message regarding the second plug? How to handle pledge? Thanks to be your backer, All the best Jan I'm really looking forward to trying this product! If it works as well as you guys say it should, it'll be really awesome to experience a change in the data storage paradigm. I was wondering, I currently use a regular NAS to make my files available to all the computers on my home network...any chance plug would be able to integrate all the data on the nas ? Or perhaps I would have to move the data over to the usb drive connected to the plug ? If so, any plans to enable the plug to backup to a NAS ? the more i read about the Plug, the more i want it right now... my only concern is the name : "Plug" is kind of generic no ? Your icon design i neat, but the name, plug can be mixed up with so many other products... what pushed you towards this name ? thanks :) Hi, i entered the wrong billing address on Amazon. How can I give you the right one, or do I just have to do that through the email that I get after it's funded? Hi CGC, does Plug differ from the Kanex meDrive? <url>"SPOILER ALERT: We are currently heading to a meeting to see if the Plug app could interact with Google Chromecast." This would be sooooo cool! If you guys have a positive answer I will order my chromecast asap :) Hi Diego, on the home page there is a FAQ about USB 3. Short version is price would triple for no appreciable increase in performance due to the way the plug works. I would love to see a USB 3 version with gigE. I'd pay double. Can multiple accounts be used for the Plug? I mean if me and my wife want to use it, but each with different files,is that possible? Or maybe that if two hd's are connected each for a different user? Even if I can determine a few folders that only those will be accessible to her, but not through a web site, but like a regular user. Thanks, amazing product! If I have a TV supporting DLNA in the same LAN as the plug, will the data go through LAN, or through the web? If it's via the LAN, HD streaming will work, otherwise it won't, so it's a big deal! Thanks! @CGC Will revisions be cached on the computers, or only on the plug? And will the survive a hard drive failure (for offline files)? Are they stored when working "off the grid"? Awesome project. Just backed and cannot wait to get this in the house! @CGC Team in your response to Erwin you said although plug can only manage certain files it backs up everything. Could you please elaborate on that? @janotterstetter not all drives have all files because then your storage would be limited to the size of your smallest capacity drive. However I believe you can assign a drive to be a backup. You can also get two plugs and then the drives on each plug will store a complete copy of your files Nevermind with the last question, I hadn't read the faq until now.. First of all, great project and everything.. I have a question and I don't know it was already answered... In the technical specifications you mention USB2 and 100M Lan connection... Will you consider USB3 and 1000M LAN taking into account that it's already available in general?... For large hard drives and high internet connection, the latency of USB2 and 100M maybe will be a problem... Hi CGC Team, hope your fine :-) I have one question regarding the backup capacity. As i remember you said using two plugs will be a perfect backup solution. Now the question: - When I plug two disks via hub, will each drive hold all files? - If not, can you implement a kind of raid configuration into plug, maybe for experience users? I ask myself why I should use a NAS with Raid capabilities when plug can do that. I belive, when you let your software manage it the plug will get magical ;-) All the Best Jan @bobbybobbob In regards to the 1st question I'm 100% sure of the accuracy of my answer, I have seen the CGC guys answer that question multiple times, and I also remembering them answering that hidden files were copied. If you read all the comments, and their answers in conjunction with the questions asked you should be able to find that for yourself as well Apologies for the super-long comment. Let me say again that Plug seems great, useful, and I backed for 2 and plan to use them. I don't think the CGC team has any bad intentions or is trying to mislead anyone. That being said, I think they have communicated unclearly in an attempt to explain things to a "non-geeky" audience. I am somewhat bothered by these statements from the main description page: "The main innovation in Plug is that it manages all of your data for you. Not only the contents of a specific folder." "The Plug app replaces the entire file system of your computers." Your above statements may be literally, technically true, but if Plug in fact stores the file contents of only 5 user folders, the statements are really misleading. "With Plug, your devices work as a group. They all contain exactly the same files. Just like if they were one single, unique device." Another statement that is only technically true. They all contain exactly the same files, but only *some* of the exactly same files, right? "Send documents instantaneously." Maybe I send it instantaneously, but is my huge PowerPoint file going to be available for editing instantenously? I may be wrong, but I don't see how it could if it's not cached locally. "Ever needed to send hundreds of pictures to a friend? With Plug, we invented a technology to transfer files instantly. No matter their size, no matter their number." You don't say transfer "all files" instantly, but you don't say "media files" either. Obviously, it's impossible to transfer any number of files of any size instantaneously. So what does this claim actually mean? Comparing Plug to Dropbox, you say: "There's no dedicated folder where you have to move your files into." And, "There's no dedicated folder where you have to move your files into. All your files are on Plug, from the files on your Desktop to the files in your Movies folder. So you don't need to copy and move your files around anymore : just let them where they always have been, they're already on your other devices." You bold the phrase "All your files" but Plug doesn't store all your files. Also, I usually don't need to "move" files into Dropbox; it's my primary document storage. It is a dedicated folder with sub-folders. How is this different from Plug? Plug stores files in a limited number of folders within a dedicated folder (the User folder). I know there are other differences between Dropbox and Plug, but here you are talking about the folder structure specifically. I think Plug is useful enough to sell itself on its actual functionality. It's not too hard to explain it accurately in a non-geeky way. And you don't want to get killed on product reviews when Plug actually comes out because people think you over-claimed its abilities. On my earlier comment, all props to Kamilah, but since CGC hasn't confirmed some of her answers, and they're not in the product description, can you tell us which of my statements are true, false, or 'don't know yet'? I spent a long time figuring out what I think are the key questions and I'd really appreciate the answers! 1. “With Plug, any files in your My Documents, My Pictures, My Videos, My Music, and My Desktop folders are stored on the hard drive(s) you have connected to Plug.” Kamilah says yes; CGC can you confirm that this means any file you put there, including .exe, hidden files, etc.? 2. “Any files not in these folders stay on your computer’s local hard drive.” CGC, is this determined yet? 3,4 - CGC confirm yes? 5. “If the content of the files on Plug are streamable, you see those files on your device just as fast as if they were on your local hard drive.” @Kamilah, it seems that the way Plug makes your 'content' quickly available on mobile devices or other devices with small memory is to stream video & audio rather than transferring them before playing. But this strategy only works for video and audio, I think. 6, 7, 8, 9 - one reason I want details here is that you are describing Plug in a breezy way that makes it seem as if everything is just like it is on your local computer, which seems impossible. It is important to know how much file transfer over the network will happen or is necessary. In your description of USB2 vs. USB3, you say that you cache the most-used files and sync asychronously back to the Plug. I am less concerned about getting files TO the Plug and more concerned about getting files FROM the Plug. When I want to get a clip from a 2G video file that's on the Plug and I need the whole thing to load into my video editor, how long will this take? I would do this frequently, but I also want to be able to see that video on my other devices at any time - which is why I want Plug. CGC, thanks for addressing these comments! Disregard the second paragraph below! Just read more of the site. The Chromecast app request still applies! +1000 what KMD1237 said! I would buy another one just for the Chromecast app! casting music/movies/etc directly from plug! The other thing I would like to everyone... auto backup from one plug to another and/or auto backup of my computer's hard drive. Looking forward to my first plug! I accidentally posted this question under an earlier update, so forgive the repost but I am curious: Will you make use of the Google Chromecast API so that we can chromecast the app and whatever we are looking at? If I can tack a 2tb drive onto Plug, and then cast anything on it onto an HDMI-enabled tv.. woohoo! Also, can you clarify what video formats will be supported by the apps? Will it play .avi or .dvr-ms files, for example, or only mp4? I have a computer with Windows 8 on. Will it be possible for me to use plug? I of course meant to say "to Plug" instead of "to Drobo". Yes, I would also like to know if the Plug supports Drobo. I'm going (at least hoping to) move my gen 2 Drobo from my media server to Drobo. Does the Plug works with Drobo? Thanks for the explanation on the usb3 and gigabit LAN topic. It makes much more sense now sorry I failed to read the FAQ section. Hopefully seeing as how popular this project is a 2.0 version will come out later, one that can makes more sense in the price to performance ratio. Hi Jonathan, short answer about USB 3 is the way the Plug works means you would see negligible increase in speed but a increase in cost (see the FAQ at the bottom of the home page) Having simple stretch goals is good - it means they can focus on getting the design as is out the door. Adding wifi or USB3 might mean they have to re-design the board which could push it's release date back by months. If they started putting out tech improvement stretch goals I would walk. I have seen too many tech projects promise the earth and fail deliver the basics I don't know how I've could have missed this project for so many days on Kickstarter but this is one of the coolest projects in quite a while! However you really should take a look at the stretch goals and come up with something better. And how come you don't use USB 3.0 instead of USB 2.0? Wouldn't that yield even higher speeds? JL Hi, I have a media player which I use to watch all my movies on my television. I like this device, since it also downloads subtitles for me, and makes a nice library with covers (boxeebox). Since you can't install a plug app on this device, can it read the data from de hardisks connected to plug? You are saying that everything in the "my documents" folder will be available for all my devices. But can I also add other folders? If I have on a E:> drive a download folder for example? Kind regards Erwin @Mattais van den Elsacker I agree that is ideally the direction id like to see too, a complete backup solution that also allows your files to be available anywhere and syncs your organization across the bored. Even as it is though its an extremely useful product to me. When I first asked about email folders shortly after the project launched this was the response I got which makes me hopeful "For now, such folders wouldn't be "plug"-ed, as considered as system files. But this is something that we may change in the future, because as you pointed out, this is useful!" @Kamilah: Ok. I know it's a hard folder to back-up and push over all your devices because it contains a lot of settings for various programs. But it also contains vital data like e-mails, favourites in Chrome,... It would be very interesting if you could just use the plug as a fully automated back-up device. So you would still have your files locally AND they get synchronised to the Plug HDD. With revision history, deleted files on your pc never get deleted on the Plug HDD... Synctoy can work like that, but it's not fully automated, of course. @Will Lathan Open your eyes and you will see clear difference. There is tech specs for this device: <url>#nascomp And please read all information about Plug first. It was clearly said by the CGC team that THE MOST SIGNIFICANT PART of The Plug is the software part and not hardware. Briefly I can tel you differencies: 1. NASU2 can't handle usb hubs and The Plug can 2. NASU2 can handle only FAT32 file system 3. NASU2 is simple NAS i.e. you have MANUALLY move files to it The rest you can find out yourself by thoughtfully reading all available information. my apologies, please disregard my previous comment. Suggestion to the CGC team: please clarify the difference between Plug and the Addonics NAS adapter more clearly. I realize its posted on the page. But its barely two sentences buried under tech-speak and your response to the July 16 comment is now 5 or 6 pages back. @Will see message from July 16. @ Will. They already did. <url>"C:\Users\USER" is stored in Plug... Or is it? What about the Appdata folder? Where your e-mail client stores your e-mail? I would like to add a number 10 to that list, which is a very important issue for me: What if I don't have internet access? What if I take my laptop with me on holiday and I don't have wifi? Will this render my computer "useless" because I can't access my data? I am very excited about this product! I just read the FAQ and all 410 comments currently on this page and I still have some unanswered questions. There is a lot of money on this project and I think it is important to get clear on what Plug does and doesn’t do. While I appreciate the attempt to non-geekify the product description, the comments here make it obvious that, despite your (CGC's) best efforts, it is still not clear exactly what Plug does. Some of your statements are ambiguous and potentially misleading. For example, in the product description you write, “There's no dedicated folder where you have to move your files into. All your files are on Plug, from the files on your Desktop to the files in your Movies folder.” It’s now clear that this is not literally true: ALL of your files are not on Plug, although the ones in your Desktop and Movies folder might be. Can CGC go through these statements and label each “true” or “false”? That will clear a lot of things up. I appreciate Kamilah Carter’s answers but I would like confirmation from the CGC team. 1. “With Plug, any files in your My Documents, My Pictures, My Videos, My Music, and My Desktop folders are stored on the hard drive(s) you have connected to Plug.” 2. “Any files not in these folders stay on your computer’s local hard drive.” 3. “Your local computer stores cached versions of the files on Plug that you use most often, and the cached files are available immediately.” 4. “If you access files on the Plug that aren’t locally cached, Plug sends them to your local hard drive.” 5. “If the content of the files on Plug are streamable, you see those files on your device just as fast as if they were on your local hard drive.” 6. “If you need to access the whole file on Plug in a way that doesn’t allow streaming, Plug compares the locally cached file (if there is one) to the file on Plug, and transfers the differences in the files over your network to your computer.” 7. “This transfer is limited by the bandwidth of your network. Your local network and wifi are so fast that you’ll almost never notice a difference with streamable content or smaller non-streamable files.” 8. “Streaming over 3G will not work as smoothly and may take significantly longer.” 9. “If you open large, non-streamable files on Plug that are not on your local computer at all, then you will have to wait until the network transfers the entire file to your local hard drive. If there are small differences between the file on Plug and the local file, just the differences need to be transferred before you can open the file.” Thank you! iTunes on a mac gets a little weird when managing content stored on a NAS. If you have more than one computer, for example, you have to pick a computer to the be "master" to connect to the iTunes media, otherwise, more than one computer could access the content and it creates a potential corrupt situation. How will Plug work with iTunes? Will you connect an "offline copy" to one computer and point iTunes to use that folder? Or will the virtual folder be robust enough to handle iTunes accessing it as if it's a local drive? Thanks! Jason It would be great if you could add a "pro" version of the device (or whatever you would want to call it) based not on the wanser-r, but on the G400 (by the same company, <url>"pro" version would be a huge hit, even at $200 (or more) per unit. Hi, Will ever be a "pro" version with gigabit ethernet/usb 3? It would be very interesting for companies (like the one I work in) that seeks for having a distributed file repository and a lot of security "needs" (storing a project in the Cloud, even with secure services like DropBox could issue some security concerns sometimes). I would suggest also a little administration interface for an eventual pro version to "split" the space into user accounts with quota limits and a little of reporting. If there will be a "pro" version (even pricier) contact me. Ps: very good project, my compliments. @Matthias I rather suspect that, with what seems to be the current state of the software, logically you would be one-and-a-half users, Matthias@work and Matthias@home, with the need to share some stuff, but not others. I imagine it would be similar for a regular home setup... multiple users, some content is user-specific, and only wants to follow that particular user around, and other stuff that's shared between all users. It may actually be useful to have me@work and me@home as distinct logins before switching to plug, because not having certain content available on a certain machine, but not on others, is kind of exactly what Plug is designed to eliminate. @The CGC Team How would Plug interact with, say, windows live ID, active directory, @mac, open directory, kerberos, etc. Or is it that it cares who's authenticated to plug, as opposed to any specific operating-system authentication mechanism? OK, another consideration: I have a work laptop and a home laptop. Obviously, I don't want all my personal data on my work laptop and vice versa but I would like to attach them both to Plug (for back-up and sync considerations). What would be the best practice for this approach then? (Anyone else starting to feel bad for posting so many annoying questions? :p I really dig the project, already pledged for two Plugs because I believe in it. But I still have some open questions so...) @Prashantha, you could do that in theory but only if your harddrive was big enough. A better solution is having two plugs, and then if anything fails on one it will be recovered from the other Is it possible declare every file/folder of the every device I use on the network where PLUG is present as "offline". If the answer is yes, then assuming only one device fails at a time, there is always one working copy available? Basically, I am trying to visualize storage behind plug as a collection of data from all the devices that is on that network, backed up automatically & made visible to all other devices on that network!!!!!! @Rodney Myers you can make a file or folder available offline and that will create a local copy on your machine @Magnus from what you said I'm guessing it would be good for you to get two plugs. Then if anything fails it is copied over from the intact device. All the syncing and copying will happen in the background, so it's a very low effort backup solution. RAID compatible? yes or no? (Several other people have commented asking if NAS/RAID is compatible, but I did not see an answer to those questions. I understand you must have a lot going on right now, but for my business I need to have everything backed up locally, so a RAID compatible plug would make my life easier, thanks) I would really like more clarification on what *exactly* you mean by "Documents, Music, Videos and Pictures". In some text you seem to mean that the Plug will pull *files by type* from all over the HDD of each connected computer into a central location on my desktop, but in other text you seem to indicate that you are looking at *all files* under certain folders in my home folder. Which is it, or both? Things to consider: I am on a Mac, not a PC, I am a programmer, so I have lots of text files which are not documents and I would rather not have synced, on the other hand, I would love to have some folders of files which are *not* traditional documents (i.e. code) synced especially if I knew now (before I got the plug) where I could put them (say in my ~/Documents/ folder?) to be synced. Basically I am asking: Is plug going to grab all my README.txt files that I don't want synced and ignore all my lovely code repositories which I actually want to sync? @CGC I'm wondering about the revisioning system, which is one of the features I'm most interested in; if a hard drive fails, it will try to rescue the files by pulling them from the cache of devices connected to the plug. is the revisions also cached on the devices? losing all revisions due to a hard drive malfunction would be scary, and I would like them to exist in as many places as possible (without me making a manual copy of the file every day) I've had problems with SVN in the past, and the revision system of e. g. google drive is great, except for the 30 days expiry date (unless you manually go online and save it) thanks Hi guys, Great app, but the device sounds way too expensive regarding what your supplier can do for you: Addonics retails it for $39, (>>> <url>"glow-in-the-dark" Plug in a previous post. Maybe it could become a cool reality? Let's face it, indications are that all colours will be available as this hits $1 million. We're only 25% into the funding period and already at $617k. @TJ Spence ooh I like that idea, or if we don't make it to white mate the green offered to backers can be kickstarter green and if green is offered after it can be a different shade (like a forest green) It would be cool for the earlier backers (Dec 2014) to get some sort of limited edition coloring in addition to the early birds. This project will obviously continue to be a viable player in the multimedia sharing space, so many of us early promoters would like colors than will separate us from the future customers who will have access to a spectrum of device color options. Since the device is comprised of two main pieces of plastic, it would be cool to have a limited edition 1/2 kick-starter green & 1/2 white version. For those of us who don't know tech specs, the aesthetics are important. @Thomas since all the files are stored on plug you can access than at any point whether or not your computer is on Managing what files go where isn't an available feature at least at this point. Plug is meant to manage everything for you in the background. Follow-ups: 2. I want to be able to turn my computer off so that I don't have to leave it on if I want to access my files on a different computer elsewhere. I would still be configuring the Plug initially using a local computer. and 3. Do you try to make it so that all the files within a particular folder are on the same drive, if enough space is available on that drive? Is it possible for me to manage the drives to choose which files are transferred to which hard drives? More questions: 4. If I attach a USB drive directly to my computer, will all those files automatically be transferred to the Plug? Is there an opportunity to turn this feature on or off? 5. This article (<url>"Plugged in", or could files within the same folder be spread across different hard drives? It's great to have different colors as a stretch goals but one stretch goal that I think most of us would want to see are hardware improvements like usb3.0 and gigabit Ethernet. With usb 3.0 becoming standard on most new computers and being backwards compatible with usb 2.0 I don't see why it couldn't be implemented. But I guess hardware revisions cost money but that is why there should be a stretch goal for it. Well I hope you guys could at least consider it even if it delayed things a bit. I'm sure most of us wouldn't mind waiting so long as the experience with the device will become more awesome. @The CGC team, hi, i asked one day ago, for a integration of other network storages into the system (for example a raid system via nfs, ...). Will this be possible? Thanks. @The CGC team, VERY GOOOOOD!! Thanks! The support for BlackBerry 10 would be incredible. @Joshy the plug and harddrives attached to it should stay plugged in at all times. You access files over the Internet. On your own computer this is done in the background and on a different computer you can access through the web app if you have that feature enabled. How to access to the storage remotely? Need to remote access to our home LAN network and keep our storage keep bluging to PLUG? If the storage is usb power, can PLUG supply any power? Thank you ..what about a red color? :-) Hi CGC team. Please make an BlackBerry 10 Client. There are awesome SDKs from BlackBerry. Look at: <url>"mirrored" automatically to the Plug device? Thanks for your help! Hi, 5 days ago I posted two questions. Unfortunately I still don't have a clue how the offline files are organized e.g. on my android phone. Can I see the same files and folders with a file browser app? I don't want to use the plug app to play my synced music. 1.) Are the (offline-)files that are synced to the android phone available in the file structure of the android-system? Ideally I could choose the directory where to store the files on my own. Reason is: I want to continue using my own apps for listening music, watching movies, etc. 2.) To me it's just not yet completely clear how the user can choose what files whether on the PC or on the phone are synced. You write that "all" files are synced and the user doesn't have to care about. But you also say that just my photos, my music, my movies and my documents are synced to plug but no system files. Is it possible to select the files/folders that should be treated by plug? e.g. I just want to keep "D:\MyFiles" in sync and exclude "D:\MyFiles\Movies" because its too big? Would be great if you could clarify these open questions. Regards, Sebastian Im just thinking, does it really light up in blue with the logo, or is that done in post? @Musical_Jinn awesome, it sounds like a great fit to me too. One of the great things about this project is there seems to be so many ways to utilize the device. For me, I have a small laptop that has to be reimaged often to get new software from school so it allows me to bump up storage space, safely back up files, and not have to manage moving so much data on and off my computer. But I've heard tons of other uses as well, from syncing home and work computers, having media accessible on all devices, and what you're talking about doing. And we still don't know what options and features will be available when the finished plugs ship. So exciting! @Kamilah Carter -- Perfectly clear. Thank you so much!! I had a feeling that this would be great for our workflow, and I blindly backed it. But now my hunch has been validated by your words. Thank you so much. Super excited now. @Musical_Jinn I'll do my best to answer your questions. Yes you would be able to both access those files, and wouldn't need to reupload them or anything like that, with the setup you're talking about you'd both have access. As long as both plugs had enough memory plugged in you could put as many and as big files on you want on it. So far your understanding seems spot on. Your 100 GB hard drive won't be an issue. Plug stores all of the files on the hard drives plugged into it (in your set up, each plug would have all the files, so there would be two complete copies which also protects you against drive failure.) Whenever you want to access a file a copy will be cached on your system (stored temporarily) this goes on in the background without you noticing. Whenever you make changes to the file they're saved right away on your computer (very quickly if you have flash memory...) and then plug copies the changes to the plugged hard drives (which is slower) in the background so you can keep editing or work on whatever else you need to do. If you want to access your files when you're not going to be at home or have an Internet connection you can also assign some files or folders to be available offline and a copy will be saved to your computer (changes and edits will still be synced back to plug when you're at home or on the Internet). Basically you access files through your internal wifi when you're at home (or wherever you're keeping your plug) and over the Internet everywhere else. Two plugs mean faster and more secure access, a backup system in case of drive failure, and faster access in to locations (on the internal networks each plug is connected to). At this point all files on plugged computers will be shared. But having multiple users, device specific files, or different sets of files (home vs work) has been discussed a fair bit and definitely sounds like something the CGC team is looking into. Since its a software (vs hardware) update I'm hopefully that any existing devices will be able to utilize it once its released if that type of feature hasn't finished development before the devices ship. Let me know if any parts of my explanation were unclear. @Kamilah Carter - Hey, I sent this in a message earlier, but you seem to be 'the voice of Plug' so I'm sending it out to you: Basically, I'm interested in this product because I work for a podcast that is located in a different state. Currently, we dropbox files for me to edit, then I send them back via dropbox. I found Plug and thought it would work well for our system. They could record the episode, save it to the plug accessed folder and I could then simply access the file, edit it, and then it would be taken care of--no dropbox. No monthly fees. And since Plug is essentially limitless--our large raw audio files would be easy to work with and store. Would this process work with Plug? Or is this not possible. Currently, I'm backing the tier with two plugs, one for me here and the other for the boys in Florida. Also, I have a 100gb flash hard drive as my C drive. Will Plug not clog it up if I'm putting my 2TBs of data on my Plug? It just allows for me to access it? I don't understand how I can put 2TBs on a 100gb hard drive. Or is it all on my Plug? Its hard to wrap my brain around how this tech works. Is there a plan on having the ability to use other drives instead of C: or is that not possible. Lastly, would our Plugs be available for personal files or other work files (if we didn't want to mix podcast work files with personal files)? Like as separate folders that aren't shared? Thanks! Sorry if this was convoluted. This tech is really exciting, but difficult to describe--which is why your help has been/and is greatly appreciated! Will it be possible to use plug with a NAS (existing raid)? @Jan Calloway the reason the first color is so high is that the project already got funded to the tune of 500000 before they managed to implement stretch goals. @dutt yes they should When I have marked a folder for offline usage, will files still be synced when there's a network connection? I agree @Paul Vincent Farrell !! I wish people would just let the team delivery what they promised in a reliable fashion rather than just trying to extract more out of the team. my only complaint is that the first stretch is a little too spaced from your initial goal. 400k or 500k but 600k has to be spent to get a second color choice. Come on CGC, now that you have so many people's pledges these stretch goals aren't good enough. Firstly, there are only 5 colour options, ridiculous. What about people who want Blue, or Orange, or rainbow patterns for example? You should add these. And you should add a glow-in-the-dark option because I might want to see it at night. Add a flashlight too. Voice-activated. Then there's the speed. USB2 is far too slow. You should make it USB3, but also add on Firewire for past compatibility, and Thunderbolt for recent Mac users, and optical-fibre connection for added speed. Hey, why not future-proof it and add USB4 or USB5 too. You should do this. If you get over $1million in pledges, Plug should be wireless. Completely. You should provide small dongles to allow it to communicate with our hard drives. The whole thing should be solar-powered, roof-mountable and with built-in sim card and GPS tracking so we can use it on the go. And you should provide a detachable wind-up dynamo so I can attach it to my bicycle wheel. And then it's so unfair that as an early backer I should have to pay the same as someone else who found out about it a week later. You should now give early backers a discount. These stretch goals request are crazy. You all it like Ford kickstart a model T car and the demand is hi so you want stretch goals to have them add the jetliner option . You will be able to back there next kickstart project that just might have these option you want. At a way higher pledge. Hi, I pledged for one plug (delevery in Decembre). I changed my mind and I whant to buy two plugs. If I change my pledge for two plugs (in second batch) I will receive it only in April. It is possible to buy one plug in second batch but still receive my first plug in December? @Joan Planas Yes I agree it would be a cool feature, I just don't think its part of the current design, because plug is designed to have all the drives used as storage space, and there isn't a lot of control over what is kept on each drive. It is something a few people have mentioned, so I'm sure the CGC team has made a note of it. @Jazzper Lacey, everyone on the kickstarter is getting the deal, just because some people didn't find out about it in the first three days doesn't seem like they should have to pay more. The people who backed earlier are getting their devices quite a bit earlier, so I think we should be grateful for that. I mean we're getting 50% off is it really worth complaining that some people who backed a few days later are getting that same deal. After all they receive all of the money at the same time. @The GCG Team I'd think a DLNA server on the mobile app would be useful, as it would be a fairly compatible way to expose your content to any number of existing applications, rather than requiring modification to the application itself. I would actually suggest that it be a separate app, and the code made available as an example of talking to whatever API you end up exposing on the mobile platform. NEED BETTER STRETCH GOALS. Colors are not good enough. You stated "We will tell you when we'll find something great." You have found something eh at best. AND how come the price is the EXACT same, this does not make sense. The people who are coming in later are getting the same deal as the people who have backed you since day 1. The people who backed you in the beginning dont get any perk? Kinda ridiculous @Kamilah Carter, I undarstand the concept, I wouldn't open up my computer and add or remove storage, but I connect a lot of hard drives to my computer through USB for work and personal stuff, and they don't have to be mixed with my principal storage, but it will be great if this others hard drives can have the same options that Plug give to the principal storage without mix te content, and also keep in my house online for a while. I think is an option that give more powerful ways to use Plug and have a lot of sense in a work environment. For example if someone come with a hard drive that we have to work with the content but not keeped in the principal storage, with Plug we can connect it and then we will have this hard drive or pendrive in all computers at the same time, and if we want we can copy to the principal storage like if I connect the hard drive to the usb port of my computer. I think have a lot of sense and it will be great if you all find how to implement it. Thanks. @Joan Planas at this point hard drives aren't meant to be plugged in and out of plug, just as you wouldn't open up your computer and add or remove storage very often. This was also discussed earlier on in the comments with regards to a hard drive of music that needed to be accessible for djing. If you at interested in the solutions that were generated at that point check out past comments. @james and Sanjay - stretch goals that change the tech means redesigning the board power supply, can it all be fitted into the box, getting all the new bits to talk to each other etc etc etc I won't bother with the fact it would be cost prohibitive or that it would double or more the cost with minimal performance improvements. At best giving additional software features would be good - but only for after the basic product has been released. This all takes time. I personally would back out in a shot if they started offering more widgets and doodaas as I have seen many tech KS promise the earth and then flounder for months after their projected piece of kit. Hello! Good idea! But it will be better if this is possible: I work with video so I have for example one hard drive with all work from one client and then another hard drive with the work of another client, so I have a lot of hard drivers, and I don't need them always connected and sometimes I have to give the hard drive to the client, so I don't want to mix with my principal hard drive, but it will be great if I can connect sometimes one of this hard drive to Plug and view like a hard drive with the same options like sharing, etc. that the principal hard drive have it. Is it possible? Thanks! @Sanjay At least I am not the only one who thinks colors as stretch goals is a bit sad. @Sanjay the FAQ address why USB 3 and various other upgraded components are not being used, but it boils down to the fact that there's very little noticeable improvement for the price, based on the way plug works. The FAQ also addresses the difference between pogo plug and other similar services and plug. Having all my files stored in my house and organized the same way on every device while leaving my storage space intact is a huge draw to me that I don't get with these other services, and I find the price for the offering very fair, Id pay full price if I had come across this in a store as it meets my needs in a way those other products simply don't. Color was a commonly requested addition and I am personally glad that the main focus has stayed on the existing plan so that the devices can be created and shipped on schedule. @Florian Maier you will receive your device much sooner which is the benefit of pledging earlier. All the kickstarter funds are released at the same time so they don't actually get your money first. I'm very glad to be getting my device in the first batch. Way too much marketing blabla so far and i can not believe you made the second batch of the BACKUP batch exactly as expensive as the first one. Get this: I pledged for two of those devices, early! For the level of support and funding the communication from the CGC team leaves too many questions unanswered (which can be seen by the continuous stream of questions) and is disappointing. The lack of higher performance through USB3 and Gigabit which will obsolete the device quickly. Seems like you could use Pogoplug for 2 years for the same price as this device (they are offering a free device) by when the Plug would have its kinks and problems resolved. As Scott points out this seems like a step backward. The stretch goals are bizarre and uninspiring and do not add any functionality or improvements - who needs a different colored plug for something that's going to be hidden away. Will look for version 3 or 4. Good luck. Will access to music and movies (iPhone,ect) be "in-app"? Can I use Siri to play music as requested that is not on my phone? Will Plug interfere with Google/Android's auto-backup feature? If I take photos on my Android phone today, they are uploaded automatically to my G+ account. Will that continue when using Plug? What happens if one of the devices connected to plug is stolen/lost. Will I be able to disconnect access remotely to prevent unauthorized access? Got to ask, what is the difference between your "PLUG" and say Pogoplug Series 4 at $39 Because I have one of these now and it has GigaBit, SATA, USB 3.0, SD slots all over it. Even the Lacie-NAS that has all the same features with iOS apps giving access to all the hard drives plugged into it. I'm using both of these options right now and they do a wonderful job. Drobo just merged with a company to offer the same secure site to site access with push file access just as DropBox does now. Your device is a simple NAS that links to an outside website that manages and pushes the data on request to all the devices you want? What makes your product different then the other 20 out there that do the same, and are available right now? @Eric Fortib There's a video on the main project page of a computer being set up with Plug. It's sort of near the bottom :) is there any videos coming soon ? i wish i could see this gadget running :) @Shahab S. No, there are for than 3800 left You guys need to add more pledge tiers. There's less than 200 left for those who just want a single plug. The only other thing I would be interested in is getting a smart tv to connect to it (so it could become a very basic media centre) but worse case is just to connect a Pi to my tv which I can live with ;-) @paul vincent farrell, totally with you on this :) @ all the people whining and whinging and complaining about "stretch goals" - please think about what you're saying. Why would you even begin to think that just because more people want Plug than expected, the makers suddenly been suddenly gifted with huge leaps forward in technical ability, speed of design and manufacture, and reductions in production costs? Come on, these things are completely unrelated to the popularity of their product. It's as if they had designed a special solar-powered bamboo bicycle and now that the demand is high you all expect them to deliver solar-powered Ferraris instead by the same date and for the same price. I'm excited that they have clearly designed something we all want, can now make more devices for more people as they have more money, and are now able to throw extra funds into developing future generations of the product (or perhaps even putting some clearly well-deserved profits in their pocket). @James Wilson Hey so I'm not entirely sure if I understand what you're saying. The device doesn't require the internet to work now, on your home network it uses your local wifi, and the internet isn't involved at all. Adding a built in server sounds pretty expensive, I don't see how that would be a realistic thing to expected to be added to exisisting timelines. However, like usb3, faster ethernet, different shapes etc. I'm guessing the CGC guys are noting all these suggestions as input for future generations of the device. @Kamilah Sorry I did not elaborate more, it seems as just more colors for stretch goals, is just a bit sad. I was just hoping the stretch goals would be more than that. Just colors does not really motivate me to pledge more, share this kickstarter campaign more. My only suggestion is the same as I have read before. I have not read back through the comments, and he has not made a update saying anything to this affect. but a built in mini HTTP server to control the device on a lan environment to make it not require internet. it would still work like he says, just all the devices would have to be on the local LAN for them to work. Which some networks may want such a thing. @James Wilson I am happy they have chosen stretch goals that are reasonable to complete without adding ot the timeline, and color choice seems to be a popular choice in the comments. I too was keen on the idea of usb3, but with the explanation of its effect on user experience in the FAQ, I don't think it's particularly urgent, especially considering the price. Am I the only one that feels this way, out of any stretch goals he can come up with, it is just changing the color of the plastic casing. Hi Paul - no USB3 support is covered in the FAQ at the bottom of the home page. Short version is it would jack up the costs for no improvement in performance on how the Plug works. Great project guys, just remember to focus on reliability before features - iron out all bugs before shipping please :) Any particular reason for no Gigabit, USB3?? @Nathan McGinn: You're right, but if someone got physical access to your Plug then and I'm sure it can be hacked one way or another. Does disabling the webgui also disable the API? I suggest you block the plug in your router and use a TrueCrypt container for your sensitive files. @bof As I understand the webgui can be disabled. I'm concerned with physical security, which I think is always a valid concern. Saying there are other points that can be attacked isn't an excuse to not consider all potential attacks. @Joshy all of your data is stored on USB hard drives plugged into your plug. When at home you access your data through your internal network and when away from home you access your data through the Internet. The only time the CGC team comes into play is if you access your content from a computer or device that isn't 'plugged' through their online web portal. In this case they relay the encrypted data to you from your plug. This feature can be disabled if you have privacy concerns. @Joshy: The Plug is your private "cloud", the central servers only help you connect with your Plug. still not quite understand the difference btw cloud storage and Plug, Does plug store data locally and require local storage device online when you need to access the data? or Does plug upload data to cloud share storage? @Nathan McGinn: There is no point using TrueCrypt on a device that is always on and connected to the internet. As Herbert pointed out, the weak link is your computers and the webgui. @Herbert: Check out BitTorrent Sync. <url>~11 Mb/s) real speed is 7-8 Mb/s. In the other hand,devices with separate usb and ethernet are giving us pure 11Mb/s speed. 2. What kind of file system will be used? I guess ext4? How does plug handle drive failure? If we use two plugs together, is data effectively mirrored between the two sets of drives connected to both plugs, so that on drive failure (I've a box full of dead drives, so it's not paranoia to expect dead disks), data on the failed drive can be retrieved from the second plug, so that no data is lost? On the mobile device front; for accessing content, as opposed to editing and manipulating it, implementing a DLNA/UPnP server that presents media files would go a long way towards pretending that you have all of your content in your pocket. How will the plug handle soft links inside one of the synced folder, which are a: pointing somewhere inside one of the synced folders b: pointing to somewhere outside? Will the link itself be synced or the link target? For case 'a' syncing the link should pose no problem but 'b' is more problematic: Either duplicated content (especially if multiple links to the same target exist) or risk of broken links and missing files. I'm know Dropbox syncs the link target, so on other computers I get a copy. But the use case is different. I'm excited about this project, it's the first one I've backed. If I had to make 1 feature request, I'd ask for TrueCrypt or some kind of full-disk encryption support. TrueCrypt seems like an ideal option considering it's open-source and easy to use. I mention this because the primary motivation for someone like me backing this is security and privacy, and local security is just as important as network security. So, I will make someone here very happy, as I will give up my very early bird spot. I understand that this will be a godsend product for the urban digital nomad, and Plug is a really cool project in that respect, but after reading up on the last information bits I realize it is not really for me. I'd like to have it to evaluate it, and play around with it, but I probably would not seriously use it or rely on it - and it only makes sense if you use it as your single solution to everything you want to store. The Plug would probably end up in the corner as another 70$-Gadget I don't really use - and so I decided to pass on the opportunity to somebody else who really wants it and has use for it. Why does it not really fit my bill? I need a place to store some files I need available to me everwhere, but I do not need all the files of all my machines everywhere all the time. The concept of storing everything on an external USB-drive that has to be online 24/7 and having constant network access for the plug-concept to function as intended does not really work for me. Also my privacy concerns are not completely satisfied. I need more control of my files to put them in tiers of different states of safety and privacy (in different physical locations, some encrypted, some not, backups and so forth) - the plug-concept somehow contradicts that, as it is meant as a private system for the typical single user with *all* files available on the Plug-System. If an attacker gains access on even one of your machines (e.g. your phone), he will have access to all your files on all machines at once. Never put all your eggs in one basket... regardless on how secure you think the solution is. The neccessary drivers (Plug-apps) on the plugged machines are a potential attacking point, also web access usually opens a plethora of possible weaknesses and breaking points - but as I understood it, this feature can be disabled at least. So, best of luck to CGC and all the backers - I hope the plug makes your life easier and provides the privacy and security you need when it's going on the market. Please, open source all the web backend and the whole project. Because, I would like to setup my own internet relay and not have to depend on you guys for that. Sorry, but I am not very trusting of third parties, one just has to look at all the cozy relationships that tech companies have with the NSA. Please, open source all the web backend and the whole project. Because, I would like to setup my own internet relay and not have to depend on you guys for that. Sorry, but I am not very trusting of third parties, one just has to look at all the cozy relationships that tech companies have with the NSA. Please, open source all the web backend and the whole project. Because, I would like to setup my own internet relay and not have to depend on you guys for that. Sorry, but I am not very trusting of third parties, one just has to look at all the cozy relationships that tech companies have with the NSA. Basic question: I only have one router. How can I use a second Plug for backups? @paul vincent farrell I have the same understanding as you do about this. Plug in as many drives as you need on both and their individual sizes and even configurations don't matter. I'm planning to use that as my backup solution @Ashish Chalke If you did want to use the plug you could plug in a hardrive and copy all those files in the other partition directly to it before you plug it in to plug. When you plug that hard drive into the plug device all those files will show up on your computer again and you can organize them as you like and choose any you want for offline viewing For your second question all the data will be moved to the plug freeing up room for cached files and files you've specified to be viewable offline on your hard drive. (basically the second option you described) @Hristo Apostolov The CGC guys aren't going to be able to access your data, the online time they even relay it is when you use their online interface to access your data from a non plugged computer, in which case it is encrypted. You also can turn that option off. The following is an explination from the FAQ" "(tech) What about Security & Cryptography used behind Plug ? The following is a little techy. The last paragraph sums up. Plug uses asymmetric cryptography. When Plug is installed, the application generates a RSA-2048 pair of keys, identifiable by the user's email, and with a private key protected by the user password. This private key, which is what authenticates a user in the Plug system, is stored in your Plug and your devices. We don't know this key because we don't have your password, so we cannot - us or anyone else - steal your identity. AES is used to encrypt your files, using a key derived from your user key. When you want to access your files from the Web, we'll ask Plug if you're really you: we're just a third-party, and we’ll do the relay. Even there, we won't see any of your data as everything is encrypted. Note that the Web access can be disabled if you don't even want us to be a relay. To sum up, we developed Plug in such way that your Plug is the only one which contains your real identity card. It is impossible, even to us, to steal it. That's another reason why we are decentralized, and why we say Plug is an anti-PRISM solution: we cannot access your data, or provide the access to anyone, because the security is built this way." My computer is plugged into the tv and I am controlling my computer with my phone. @Guy Debord: this has been answered in the FAQ, here is a copy of the answer: "Why didn't you design Plug with USB3 and Gigabit Ethernet (or Thunderbolt, eSata)? We got loads of requests for putting USB3 and Gigabit ethernet in Plug, and we've serioulsy taken them into account. We'd love to do it, because USB3 transfer speed makes everybody dream. And we can't miss a chance to make you happy. However, two thing worry us: 1. First, for a small startup like us -- producing *only* (wooohooo!) 5,000 devices, putting USB3 and Gigabit ethernet would make Plug a -least- 2.5x more expensive than what it is today. You Plug would cost you around $200. In fact, putting USB3 is not just about changing the USB port: it's about redesigning the electronics inside Plug and changing every component inside. It would also make manufacturing far more expensive for us. 2. Second, even if USB3 would make you Plug device faster, we're not sure you'll feel a big enough difference when using our solution. Here are some explanations (let's go a bit technical): When you connect an external USB hard drive directly to your computer, data is written directly on this drive everytime you modify or copy a file on it. So everythime you press "save" when editing a big file, your computer waits for the data to be transferred to your drive. This process was quite slow when using USB2: 480Mbps. USB3 is 5Gbps, or about 10x faster. That's why in this configuration, it makes a lot of sense. However, when you connect your drive to Plug the process is different: To avoid performance problems, we just apply a very simple rule: we keep temporary local copies of the files you use the most in your local drives (if possible). It means that when you ask for a file, your device will check if it doesn't have a temporary local copy of it. This is named "caching", and we do a lot! All these operations are transparent to you, the user. So when you save a file, the data will be temporary stored on the local hard-drive/flash of your device. This is a very fast operation. In fact, the hard drives inside your computer use SATA3 to communicate with your system. SATA3 is 6Gbps: it's 20% faster than USB3! Of course, we *do* need to transfer these files to your Plug afterwards. But this second part is completely asynchronous: it's done in the background, so you won't feel it as a user. It *will* take some time, but as the file is already saved (at the opposite of what happens when you use a regular USB hard-drive), you won't have to wait for the writing to be done: so it doesn't matter that much. Due to the small perceived difference between using USB2 or USB3 in the Plug device, we've opted for a USB2 design. Thanks to this choice, we could make Plug far more affordable. Our philosophy at CGC is to build devices with the best perceived performance as possible. Not to sell you big specifications that would make you pay more without being worth it. Feel free to react. We'd like to hear your arguments." Would you consider a USB3 interface? Most of the new drives have it and usb2 will be obsolete soon. Thanks! BTW, I just got 2 plugs! Hi guys! I am very happy I have discovered your project thanks to the fine guys at the Linux Action Show (LAS), who covered you on their show. I have backed you, but I have a question concerning privacy, which couldn't be answered by your FAQs or descriptions. In your description you say "Nobody in the world can access your data, but you". ***My question is, are you going to be able, theoretically, to access my data?*** Or in other words, how do you point a new remote machine to my plug at home and what data are you storing on your server for that? It is only the location (IP) of my plug, Is it the location and my plug username, or both of them plus my password. In the latest case you will be, apparently, able to access my data. I don't doubt your honesty, I just want to know. Thank you and good luck with the production! I can't wait for my plug! @CGC: Is it possible to have a local setup in which the plug device is not connected to internet but all other devices are connected to Plug thorugh some other device wirelessly (like wifi router without connecting it to internet). @CGC: When you say everything will be synced, would it only be synced if its under "My Documents" "My Pictures" "Desktop" or will it sync any files across partitions e.g. C: or D: etc. (The reason why I ask is my primary data storage is the D partition and rarely use the My Docs folders. Hence the storage space available for My Docs is measly. 200GB on D: will be needed to be squeezed/partially copied in 50 GB My docs.. at least to have it synced to the drive) Which brings the next question: I have around 200GB data on my laptop. If I "plug" my laptop, what happens to those files? Do I still retain a local copy on my drive and a sync copy on the Plugged drive or will all my data move to the plugged drive and free up space my laptop? (I'd like the second option.. and then choose what I want to make available locally.) @Eric Gustafson I work on Macs too (although don't use Time Machine). A couple of thoughts and suggestions. Firstly, from what I understand Time Machine could still be as easy as it ever was, you would simply attach your Time Machine backup drive directly to your computer and it would backup all the data (including everything on the Plugged drives). Of course you could exclude folders as necessary if Time Machine allows you to select them. The alternative is, as mentioned by others, to use 2 Plugs. I just realized how this could be an incredible solution to my constant backup issues. My method has been to back up my main external drives (which have grown over time as I keep upgrading to higher capacity drives) to the older, lower-capacity drives I no longer use. Trying to manually backup a few 2TB drives to a larger number of older, smaller drives is a constant "file-juggling" nightmare. Using 2 plugs in theory seems to completely eliminate this issue, as I could (for example) attach 2x3TB drives to one Plug and 6x1TB drives to the other but both would simply appear to be 6TB of space and would thereby mirror each other perfectly. At least I think that's how it would work. One fact that I am very painfully aware of is external usb drives are very fragile and tend to fail more frequently than internal drives. .. so backing up is a must.. since I use a mac, by default my solution is timemachine .. just trying to fathom how all this works with something like apple's timemachine. Suraj, you are absolutely right. If I would be the NSA I would also create a kickstarter project and try to convince everybody that this project is the perfect anti-PRISM-tool and implement lots of backdoors and route traffic directly to the NSA. So, open source software is basically a must. But I don't think that they can afford to make the SW open source because then you could use basically any similar device and don't have to buy plug. This looks like very great idea. I am definately a backer. I would like to know if there is any plan to open source the code (may be some kind of stretch goal) ? Whatever described as Tech FAQ's looks great. But without open sourcing how one could be assured that there are no backdoors in the software. This is not matter of trust but it would be great if community can review the code and find out any security risks. @paul vincent farrel No problem, it's my pleasure :) @Kamilah Great! That had somehow gone past me. I don't know if you realize how incredibly helpful you are through your comments... thank you. @paul vincent farrell It sounds like this is already a feature. This was in one of CGC's other responses to you. If you say you're going to remove a drive then you're given options to transfer the data as long as there's enough space plugged in. "Removing a drive is not a common operation. It's like removing part of the memory of your devices. So the Plug app provides you with controls that enable to remove drives properly. When you ask Plug to disconnect a drive, it will internally move all the data from this drive to the other drives connected to it." One suggestion I have is for the inevitable dilemma most people will face in future: over time most of us will add more drives to our Plug and currently people are often using 1TB or 2TB drives. But as we add more data, we won't want to end up with a bank of 10x1TB drives! We'll want to make our systems compact again, for example by replacing 3 smaller (1TB) drives with a single larger drive. Or maybe in a couple of years we'll have 5TB drives available. It would be useful if there was a way to mark a drive as being "retired", and Plug would then copy the data from that drive (or drives) onto the new, larger drive. @bof, Kamilah Yeah, I'm seeing the benefit of keeping seperate "carry around" drives for specific types of files which we want to regularly use in different places. For DJing a seperate drive (synced to all the Plugged music files), or could have a Documents+Photos drive (synced with all the Plugged photos/docs). This notion of file syncing in conjunction with Plug suddenly makes most of my previous concerns evaporate. @bof I don't think that drives are meant to be unplugged from plug at this point in time. Did you read the solution that Paul wrote in his last comment? Maybe that would be useful for what you require as well. @Carter: There is many use cases for mirroring. Consider paul who dj's. He could have one master drive and one for dj'ing. I would't wan't my documents and pictures with me on a gig in case of theft. @bof I agree I'd rather lose music then pictures, however I find all my data important enough that I want a complete back up. Right now this means entire system images and harddrives full of continuous and one off backups, hopefully in december I will be replacing all of that with a second plug. I think personally I would prefer the system to be managed in the background then personally managed. I mean, what if I said I wanted all my pictures on a certian drive but it got full, would I then have to delegate a new drive, or shuffle everything around? I'd rather just not worry about it the first place and back up all of my files in case of something like drive failure. @Carter: Usually pictures is more important then music. To protect from HDD failure you could mirror the pictures to a smaler drive. @bof You can use specific drives for back ups if I'm not mistaken. I think the idea is for plug to seemlessly manage everything in the background so that to the user it just works. As long as the drives aren't being disconnected, why does it matter which media is on which drive? @CGC: Why not let us select what drive to be used for what folder? Movie and music archives tend to be huge compared to documents and pictures. While your'e at it please let us mirror folders to drives so we can have a backup of important files. @CGC Thanks for clarifying the way things happen "under the hood". I agree that the way Plug works will probably make it necessary to use a dedicated drive for any work-related use or for drives that need to be disconnected on a regular basis. As you guessed, I have far more music than will fit on my laptop so I definitely need to carry an external drive. But I also use it on my main machine at home and would prefer not to have 2 competing methods. I'd be happy to keep in touch to see if we can come up with a workaround. Off the top of my head I imagine a very simple solution will be: a) duplicate my external "music" drive onto another drive. This will be the "carry around drive" (I'll call it CAD). b) connect the original drive to Plug, along with my other drives (photos, etc) c) use the Plugged data for daily use, letting Plug work its magic. d) when I need to transfer any new music to the CAD, simply connect CAD to any device and use a file sync program (for example Forklift) to sync CAD with the Plugged data. This assumes of course that Forklift (or whatever sync program is used) will correctly replicate the Plugged data as it "appears to be" organized, rather than the actual way it might be organized under the hood. Will such sync programs work with Plug? @CGC, please ensure you do double or triple confirmations (with different messages) when plug is going to format. Single confirmation is still dangerous to people like me that tend to click confirm the wrong OK button faster than what I read. @paul, I agree with your questions and concern. But I wouldn't use something that could seriously jeopardise my livelihood. I have gone thru it before with Android phone wiping my data (do significantly affect my work), harddisk failure that wipe a year's work, upgrade dual boot OS wrongly, just to name a few. If you are very concern, probably you can wait a generation or two later after cnet or engadget done their review. This is KS, so risk is significantly higher than what you used to with general retail store or Amazon. Hence, the discount price to final retail. What I would suggest is after you got your Plug, probably test it out first on something that is not critical. And yes, you still need to do your backup as part of your own personal due dilligence (speaking from bad experiences). You can get 3TB for around 100-200, so alternative backup isn't that costly these days. But compare to some other KS projects, I'm happy with @CGC prompt responses and explaination. I believe there will be some shortcomings when Plug released (e.g. Ouya and Pebbles), but over time they will iron it out. The only thing I'm concern is that, @CGC has a small team, and may not have the adequate resources to tackle simultaneously hardware, delivery, software development within such a short time. So @CGC, please be very mindful of your schedules and your ability to tackle so many orders. @Deepra I agree we shouldn't expect major details from a startup. And with the other products you mention, there are large amounts of information available on the internet to explain, in addition to numerous web forums and so on. I imagine once Plug is available similar resources will emerge. However, and this is especially critical when we are being asked to fund the creation of the product in the first place, simple explanations need to be addressed, and they have not. Everything has been described in a magical childlike way (they even use words like "magic" in the video), great for marketing but short on any kind of technical detail. My questions are not complex in any way at all (in fact most can be answered with a simple Yes or No) but they are absolute deal breakers in term of whether this product will be useable for me and others I know. For example a DJ cannot use Plug if it going to render a drive filled with his or her music unreadable by another machine, by changing the format/naming/arrangement of the files or by moving them to different places. And I have simply asked such a question. Not asking for a full user manual, technical blueprint of the hardware, etc. Just a Yes or No as to whether my filenames will be changed, files moved and so on! I, you (and 5,217 others so far) have pledged real money for this product as it looks quite amazing. But if while it does this amazing stuff it also corrupts the naming system of files in the background then it could cost some of us our jobs. @paul, I wouldn't consider CGC unclear. When I purchased iOS, Linksys routers, Android phones and Win8, I get almost next to nothing on explaination how internally those device works and after sales supports (e.g. how many Android updates I entitle to). A lot I have to learn on my own. Judging by some Fortune500 products that I consume over past decades, CGC explaination is significantly clearer and better. CGC is a startup and the standard of explaination deemed from them shouldn't be higher than established enterprises. Is this cool gadget Windows 8 compatible? @kamilah Thanks again for all your efforts at helping answer everyone's questions. The CGC guys are obviously technical geniuses but it seems not so strong on clear explanations. Whether they're being deliberately vague I'm not sure, as obviously many people have many questions. So referring to what you explained, yes, this much is clear. I get that it will appear as if everything is there in the way we choose. However we still have no idea how the data is ACTUALLY organized on our drives. They say it is "stored in a readable format" but: a) will that be with our original filenames in an identical folder structure? b) will we know which drive our data is on if we have connected a few drives to our plug? c) will we be able to choose on which drive our data is stored? I used the example before of my exclusive "music" drive and exclusive "photos" drive. If I want to take a drive to a friend's house to copy some files manually, can I know that all my photos are still on that one drive, with the same names in the same folders? As I save new photos from an SD card, will they be put where I want them in the folder I want with my existing photos? I mean yes, they may "appear to be" in the right place, but is it possible that Plug will actually store some photos on my original "photos" drive and others on a different drive in whatever way it decides? Similarly with music, when I do a DJ set will all my music be readable on the one drive with the same filenames in the same folders, and will new music I add be stored on this same drive or could that too be arbitrarily spread around on different drives by Plug? @paul vincent farrell I think in order for plug to work as attended all your data needs to be able to fit on it, the idea is all the data is stored on the hard drives connected to plug, even though it appears to be on your computer. The remaining space on your computer's hard drive is used to cache files and store files that you want to be available offline In regards to the 4th part, I think they mean that data will be available from your compute rand appear to be on your computer, just like all your other data. So a few quotes from the FAQ and the questions they don't answer: "The initial contents of your drive will be put in your computers". 1. So if I have 3TB of data on my drive and 500GB hard disk on my computer with 200GB free space, does all the 3TB of data remain on the drive, or is 200GB of it copied to my computer and 2.8TB remains on the drive? "You are free to reorganize these contents as you which in your computer" 2. Does this mean I can create folders etc. as I like? But if that's the case, where is the data? From Q1 above, let's say I create a single folder in my computer and put every file of the 3.3TB into it (the 3TB from the drive and the 300GB already on my computer) does it mean that on my device it appears to be one folder but in reality the data is distributed between my device and the drive? "On your drives, Plug will reorganize your files to replicate the same folder hierarchy as your computers" 3. So Plug will copy the data from my computers to the drives in the original folder hierarchy? But if my 3TB drive is already full of my data, how can it do this? In this case, will the data remain on my computer? "Your files will be stored in readable format, so you can read your data directly from your disks should any problem occur" 4. But this completely contradicts the first sentence "The initial contents of your drive will be put in your computers". If the content has been transferred off the drives onto my computer and then a crash occurs, how is it in any way possible to still read it?? Does the plug support partitions on the hard drive (will be see it as two different drives or one drive with subfolders per partition) and two do you think you can at least put gigabit on the device? Hi CGC Team, I read thru the FAQ, regarding the my document/pictures/videos , does it mean that all my stuff not in that folder will not sync with. i ask this because maybe I an manage the capacity of the Hdd conected in plug. also, if your answer is yes, can you add a widget/gif or status icon or what ever that can show the current free space in the plug. Thanks Fritz I'm still rather curious what happens when you use a smaller drive on the plug than what you already have in your computer.. say a 500gb USB device when your computer has a 2TB disk in it .. obviously 2TB doesn't fit on 500gb .. (lets assume for argument sake you have more than 500gb of the types of files that plug would mirror).. Still this same question... If I disconnect the USB drives and connect them directly into a device which doesn't use Plug, do they appear exactly as they used to, or has the Plug software modified the drive contents (reorganized, reformatted, whatever)? One of my drives is used exclusively for photos. Another exclusively for music. And so on. I have my own folder structures and file organization methodology. If I go to perform a DJ set, I simply take the 2TB "Music" drive with me, and connect to any computer. If Plug is going to rearrange the folder structure and content (in the way for example that iTunes does when it "organizes" a music folder into its own incomprehensible folder structure and naming format) this really is a deal breaker. I understand that I can view and use all of these files on pc and mac such but how is it handled on an ipad or iPhone to watch the videos. I have many different video formats on my system, will the plug app play them all and easily like the avplayer hd app or do I have to convert all my videos, not looking forward to that if I have to. Well if this backs up any set of specific folders, for one thing that is painfully simple to control what goes out on the web and what doesn't. For another it makes it simple to make that set of folders user definable rather than hard coded. @Mark Faddeb the files from my documents, my pictures, my videos, my music and the desktop are the ones that synced, it isn't based on file extensions. The abilities I control what is synced and the support to sync or backup other files may change as development continues, we'll just have to wait and see If the decision is based on the ext of the file it would be nice to know specifically what extensions. There are a whole lot of file types that could be called documents. Not to mention all the "picture" types... @Sebastian Frobisch the files synced are Documents, Music, Pictures, Videos and the Desktop. At this point you can't decide what things to sync, but it looks like they may be working on that in the future. You don't need to worry about space though, as everything will be on the plugged hard drives. Will it feature time-machine support? Hi, seems your solution is just what I was looking for for years. I still have some questions: 1.) Are the (offline-)files that are synced to the android phone available in the file structure of the android-system? Ideally I could choose the directory where to store the files on my own. Reason is: I want to continue using my own apps for listening music, watching movies, etc. 2.) To me it's just not yet completely clear how the user can choose what files whether on the PC or on the phone are synced. You write that "all" files are synced and the user doesn't have to care about. But you also say that just my photos, my music, my movies and my documents are synced to plug but no system files. Is it possible to select the files/folders that should be treated by plug? e.g. I just want to keep "D:\MyFiles" in sync and exclude "D:\MyFiles\Movies" because its too big? Would be great if you could clarify these open questions. Regards, Sebastian CGC Thank you for the reply to my questions! Good to see items like this supported with Linux desktops!. Thanks again! Robert. A good solution to secure data would be to give the ability to lock specific files or folders to not shareable outside your own network. Thanks Andrew, So that must mean that not all folders have to be stored out on the Plug. And if that is true then any issues I have are easily handled. Sensitive materials (and if you know what I'm talking about read "HIPAA") just live on the source computer and don't get shared. @Mark Fadden They remain on your harddrive. Where are your operational files for applications stored. I don't want to run my aps off the plug drives like a citrix server would. @Bill Loewen Yes, unless you specified that those files should be viewable offline while on wifi. @Robert Hercz I'm actually just a very enthusiastic backer. I just followed all the information they released very carefully since I wanted to explain the project to my friends, and am doing my best to help answer questions because I really like the project and understand the CGC guys are overwhelmed with email. My understanding is the only time the CGC servers are involved is when you're accessing you files from online from a device that is not plugged. I don't have a technical grasp beyond their previous explination, so maybe they will be able to elaborate on that further for you. Private messages seem to receive faster responses. This has probably been asked but I couldn't see the answer, With the Plug connected through my S4, if I were to access movies and or larger files, I will of course be changed data usage through my carrier if not connected via wifi.. correct? Thank you! @Kamilah Carter, From your activity I guess you're part of the CGC team and/or that you're hired to fill in and answer questions to the CGC developer team when/if they're too busy. I would appreciate if you could shed some light on the main part of my question regarding the role of the CGC server in keeping the services and data available by matching connections and/or supervising the VPNs. @Dean Lefor Yes, as long as you didn't only just set it up and stuff was still copying over (which im guessing could take a while if you have a lot of data. @luca semprini I would assume that when you were connected again either by internet or on your home network, the file version that was most recently edited would by synced everywhere. However all the versions would show up in version history as well (this is my guess to how they'd avoid conflicted copies like what dropbox does) @Robert Hercz Here is the explination the CGC team gave in the FAQ "The following is a little techy. The last paragraph sums up. Plug uses asymmetric cryptography. When Plug is installed, the application generates a RSA-2048 pair of keys, identifiable by the user's email, and with a private key protected by the user password. This private key, which is what authenticates a user in the Plug system, is stored in your Plug and your devices. We don't know this key because we don't have your password, so we cannot - us or anyone else - steal your identity. AES is used to encrypt your files, using a key derived from your user key. When you want to access your files from the Web, we'll ask Plug if you're really you: we're just a third-party, and we’ll do the relay. Even there, we won't see any of your data as everything is encrypted. Note that the Web access can be disabled if you don't even want us to be a relay. To sum up, we developed Plug in such way that your Plug is the only one which contains your real identity card. It is impossible, even to us, to steal it. That's another reason why we are decentralized, and why we say Plug is an anti-PRISM solution: we cannot access your data, or provide the access to anyone, because the security is built this way." Since the files will be located on the hard drive attached to the plug, can I access the files on a mobile device without having to leave my computer on? Thanks Kamilah! A question about offline files: if I set a file as offline, when I modify that (on a pc/device without internet in that moment) when internet connection come back.. that file will be sync merging offline changing with others potential online changing ? Thanks again @Kamilah Carter, have a look at the Vimeo; the presenter installed the Plug drivers on a WindowsPC, then logged in on www.meet-plug.com with username and password. The Plug device was already tied to that account. Technically there has to be a hub/proxy/magicdevice to tell my laptop/desktop/whatever whatever IP the plug-device is at. And as both tend to have shifting IP-addresses, connections need to go via the CGC server. (which, incidently, also makes the Plug non-Prism proof, as the credentials to access ALL my data would be stored in the CGC servers. And if the NSA knocks on their doors, they too will yield..). @Robert Hercz I think that only applies to if you're using their web app to access data from a computer that isn't connected to plug which is a feature you can allow or dissalow. If you're just using computers and devices that are set up with plug I don't think the CGC server is involved at all. Hi guys, The Plug seems to be a really cool product! I've been reading up on the Comments and FAQ and seen the Vimeo piece and have the following question after learning that the ForgetBox has been shut down: In response to the question "## What happens if CGC dies ?" you answered: "What’s good with Plug is that it’s entirely private and decentralized. So Plug can work independently from any servers, and continue managing your data even if our startup dies (disclosure: we don’t plan anything like that)." The Vimeo part indicate that there is some centralized controller holding the plug's serial number, IP etc and pairing that/those with the user's account and credentials and thus that at least some of the VPN activity and access is controlled via this centralized point. How can I ensure that I will have access to my data if the CGC server for some strange and unforeseen reason or act of God or whatever should be offline? @Rico you can't get a pack of three on this kickstarter so you'd have to get two and make due with that until they're selling them off of kickstarter Hy, did I understand it right? "Two Plugs are enough. But with each Plug you buy, your data gets more secure and also faster to access." When using 3 PLUGS at different houses and backing up the data to the other 2, the transfer-rate to an device connected through the Internet is higher because of using 3 upload connections? This would be a great feature and relativises the slow upload speed a bit. But to buy an 3rd one, how much I have to add for a pack of 3? Thanks for the answers Kamilah Carter .. for the CGC team .. I also forgot to mention there could also be legal reasons why someone may not want to .. or be allowed (legally) to share files across multiple devices (either internal business restrictions or because of things like NDA's or simple terms of use/licensing restrictions) .. so there is certainly some very legitimate precedent for have that "split" .. @luca semprini (2), @shinn, @Martin Redat, @Eric Gustasfson For everyone who asked if you can have some folders that AREN'T synced, or are specific to a certain device, here is a response that the CGC team gave in their first comment in this thread. (Short answer, it's in the works, but not yet) "In some situations, you might want to have different files in two devices. It can be the case if you have a work computer and a personal computer. We're working on solutions so you can split these two "universes", and select whether you want to see your "Pro" files or your "Personal" files on each device." @Daren Han: This isn't a definate answer, but it sounds pretty likely (this comment was made by cgc in another comment response "We do not format your drives, unless they're empty. We try to use their initial format as is. If they're empty or unreadable, we'll format them to Ext4" @luca semprini: 1 - I think you're understanding is pretty good, all of the files (in the personal folders that you listed correctly) from every computer you connect with plug will become accessible from each machine, and will stay organized the way you had them. As for the physical location, once the computers are connected to plug all of the files are copied to the hard drives that are plugged in to plug. The space on each computer or other device is then just used to cache files and store files you want available offline. This is better then keeping the file on the original computer, because the plug is never turned off, so you will have access to your files at all times, where as computers often are. In addition this way everything is centralized and probably faster (computer -> plug -> computer 2 is probably slower than plug -> computer) 3 - I double that its feasable for plug to be able to open every file type or even most types. Photos, videos and music definately will be openable though, and the api and future improvements may make the official app or additional apps able to read other file types. I'd be interested if you could open epubs, pdfs and other ebook formats as well at this point 4 - I like this idea too @shinn I'm not entirely sure if I understand your response so ask me for further clarification if I didn't quite get all of your questions. All your data is stored on hard drives which are connected to plug. While at home, or in the same location as your plug, the information is sent to your devices by your internal wifi (this is not data usage, and is faster than going over the internet). While away from home, you can access your files over the internet but this is all invisible process in the background. You can also specify files to be viewable offline, like we discussed before. Those files are still on the plug, but coppies are also kept on the computer/device that you specified. Your private data is not kept on any server, it is only kept on the harddrives in your house. The only time you need to use Plug's web service is if you are on a computer that isn't 'plugged' (example a computer at a library or a friends house) and you want to access your files. In this case there will be an online login that will allow you to access your files in a web app. However those files are still coming from the plug in your house, not a CGC server. They just relay the information (which is encrypted). If you want more privacy then you can also disable this web service I like to know if plug can handle storage devices formatted in fat32, ntfs and ext3 when plugged together with it through a usb hub? Hi and thanks for this great project! Just some questions to clear my doubts: 1- Plug will be able to create e big unique storage with HDs connected by usb and (if I have one or more computer) with personal folders of all pc with Plug software installed on them. With personal folder I meant: Desktop, Documents, Pictures, Videos, Music, (others?). So if I put a picture on my 1st pc, I can see that picture in 2nd pc Pictures folder. This pic is physically in 1st and on file icon on 2nd I can see Plug "special icon". Right? 2- About folders put in the Plug: can I exclude some subfolder of "personal folders" I said before? Or add some external folder? (ex: Can I put in Plug my C:\Mystuff\ folder?) 3- In smartphone/tablet app I can see every file in the Plug. Ok. But file could be of every types: documents, excel, every kind of video, music... Plug App will be able to play or edit every kind of file? 4- Will be great have a double authentication access in Plug, like dropbox/facebook/google/etc already do. It means: if a new pc or device log in Plug, ask a second code (send by sms/mail/authentication app). Please valuate this for our security and privacy! thank you so much @Kamilah Carter：thanks for your explanations, the online-file can't access without internet or lan is Acceptable( may not comfortable for use), but the point is we still need to login the Plug web service. where are our private data download from? is there any private data send to Plug web service? @John Paul Alog: There aren't stretch goals yet and there isn't a guarantee that there will be even though they are being considered. Here is a part of the FAQ answer on this though you can go look yourself for the complete response: "We’re thinking hard about what would be best for this campaign, but we can't tell you yet if we'll offer stretch goals or not. Our secret is that we don't want to make the production late because of additional goals. We’ll do our best." @Hans, are you saying you have external drives connected to your computer and that their file structure is what you're talking about? If that's the case you could just plug those into plug, though it may require a bit reorganizing initially it doesn't sound like it would take long with the number of folders you have. Sorry if I misunderstod. @Peter W: I don't know for sure but I doubt it since the ethernet port is needed to connect the device. @peter vincent farrel, @Markus K: The desktop folder is also copied, this may be a good thing for us to get clarification, which exact folders are copied. I think the reason that this isn't clear is because they may still be deciding or seeing if additional files would be benificiary. I know for sure program and system files aren't copied at this point. For external drives, I think the best idea is to plug them into plug itself, you can use them as storage, and then all those files are in the system with no hassle. @peter vincent farrel: I don't think your understanding quite how the device works. You're right that allt he files initially on the plug are shared across all devices, but in addition everything from every device you plug into plug is added to those harddrives and accessible across the board. At this point I'm unsure whether you can opt out of syncing some files/foders, but I'm guessing at the least that would be a future added feature since it's been requested a lot. The other thing you mentioned was that the files systems on Macs and PCs is different (not to mention tablets, smartphones etc) it sounds like this is part of the software solution which will know where to place documents equivalently on different operating systems. Even on iPhones I think pictures will show up in the photos app (and possibly video and music show up in the correct space, though I'm not totally sure on that one). with future in app integration to possibly come once an api is released. Is there stretch goals yet? Hi CFC Team i see the point regarding the buildin HTTP Server and the port/proxy issue. But it would be nice for experienced user to have that option . All the Best Jan @Paul/Markus: In Windows 7 I can change the library list of My Documents / My Pictures / My Videos and thus adding other external drives (Documents - Properties - Include a folder). For accessibility I have only one folder to click on but it has one sub folder per drive connected to. Question is if PLUG can support this function? As far as I can tell, this is more or less HSM or a distributed file system. The main difference being that this is a turnkey solution at a consumer-grade price. There are plenty of free DFSes, but they're a pain to get working, and certainly nowhere as easy to use as dropbox; on the other end, I'm fairly sure IBM has a HSM solution that works with windows... but it appears to firmly be in the category at "If you have to ask you can't afford it" Given that l already own a 12 disk Synology box, I'd much prefer to license a virtual appliance, than buy yet another device with its own wall-wart. On the subject of Program Files; would it not work to have a per-computer set of folders, to allow both for different programs being installed, and to allow your Program Files to grow larger than local space allows... for example, installing your entire steam library... @Markus K: I think this is where the CGC team are really miscommunicating, as I have a completely different understanding to you! My understanding was that files that are ALREADY on the external USB drives will be automatically shared between devices, and that one can choose to add whatever is in the "My Documents", "My Music" etc from each device to those files later on. Many people do not use folders like My Pictures, My Music, My Documents. Although they are Windows defaults, on a Mac these folders don't exist! Please, CGC, what's actually happening? Obviously a clear explanation is needed. @paul vincent farrell: I don't think it will work like this. As I understood only files in the My Pictures, My Documents, My Music, My Videos-folders will be synchronized and stored on the hard drive which is connected to plug. When you use a different folder structures or external hard drives which are not related to the above mentioned folders, plug will not know about it. Love the concept, still trying to understand it fully. Question, would it be possible to have the plug accept Ethernet as an input device? I have a 'DROBO' device on my home network that stores everything with dual redundancy, I would just love to have access to it from all devices. @Eric Gustasfson regarding your third question, I'm not sure if they've made that feature yet but I think I remember something about having files that were on your hard drive only, at the least in the works @shinn all the files will be on the plug, you can specify ones that you want to be available offline and those will be stored on your computer as well, the other files will be cached on your hard drive when you access them. As for non plug files vs offline files, an offline file is still stored on your plug, but is also kept on your computer at all times so that you can access it when you're not on your network and dont have internet. A file that is not included in plug would only be on your hard drive. I am not sure if you can specify folders that you dont want included in your plug, but I think it was answered at some point in the comments or faq. @Kamilah Carter: thanks for your explanations. I understand that it "seems" as if all the files are on devices, which is great for my daily use in every way. I have 2 computers and an iPhone. One device has about 100GB free space, another has about 50GB free space. That's all. So in answer to my simple question: "is my data still on my original drives….?". Is anything stored on the physical black box itself (how much?). There are 2 potential dealbreakers for me, in my questions 3. One of my drives is used exclusively for photos. Another exclusively for music. And so on. I have my own folder structures and file organization methodology. If I go to perform a DJ set, I simply take the 2TB "Music" drive with me, and connect to any computer. I need to know whether Plug is going to rearrange or reformat my drives, as I cannot afford to lose the ability to connect my drives to other devices and use them individually. This obviously requires the ability to find any file I want within my folder structure. If Plug is going to rearrange this structure (in the way for example that iTunes does when it "organizes" a music folder into its own incomprehensible folder structure and naming format) then is there a way to bypass this? As i know there will be 3 kind of status in Plug system: 1.Plug on-line files: data send in streaming at background. 2.Plug off-line files: data resident in local hard-drive. 3.non Plug file: the file not add to Plug yet. My question:what is the different with status 2 and 3? when i open a document, what is the procedure in background, i mean what will happen when i edit the same file in two device at the same time? In you reply to R.M., you said people have to use your website to access files from internet, so users can't access their data from internet without your website? i know you promised keep things going or open the source, but make Plug to a standalone device without any centralized service is much better. it prevent you charge me bill every year like other similar services. I have a couple questions 1. what if I have a larger drive in my computer than the size I connect to the plug .. i.e. 3TB internal computer vs 500gb usb on the plug device . 2. Does the plug support Mac OS Extended (Journaled) (aka HFS+) formatted usb drives 3. Can I opt to only have some files on my computer mirrored and other file/directories not replicated to the plug .. there are some files for various reasons (privacy, security, etc) I do not want shared out to my other computers/mobile devices and only want on one device i.e. my computer... so having it blindly automatically mirror all documents is probably not a good idea. -- sorry if some of these have been covered .. trying to go through all 200+ comments is daunting. @paul vincent farrell: In regards to question 1 the files are all stored on the plug but files are cached and can be specified for offline viewing on each machine, so those files would be in both places. However the system works so as it seems to you all your files are on all your devices, and as long as its working as it should then there shouldn't be a noticeable difference between having files on your computers hard drive and having them on the plug, everything happens in the background. So yeah not all your files are on the hard drive of your computer, but it will seem like they are and work like they are which is great if you cant add space to your hard drive and want to synchronize all your devices to boot. And when you access files they're cached on your hard drive. 2. Yes you will need more drives of the same capacity to be able to do a backup, however you would need those drives to back up your data anyways even if you weren't using plug. The only other alternatives I can think of are either not backing up, or backing up in cloud only, which would be very expensive ongoing costs if you have any significant amount of data. So the cost is the drives +plug vs the drives alone (both of which are a lot less then doing a complete cloud back up, plus I think gives more personal piece of mind) and it does all the backing up in the background in addition to further speeding up access to your files and making your system more secure. 3. If you look just a couple messages down I think the CGC guys answered this one. Sounds like they format the drive if it isn't yet, otherwise they use it as is. Either way you should be able to plug it in to your computer and see your files. Hope that helps :) My questions from 2 days ago have been partly answered by these recent explanations/video, but there are some points which have not been clearly explained at all. 1. As far as I can work out from reading all the comments, watching the videos and setup video etc, the files are still only stored in one place, aren't they (i.e. they're still on the drives I attach to my Plug)? You wrote "If you have data on your drives when you connect them to Plug, we'll put this data on the Desktop of your devices, in a folder named like your drive." Not possible. For example, if I connect a USB hub with 4x2TB drives to my Plug, that's 8TB of data. You cannot put this data on my Desktop, because my device only has a 1TB drive in it. So do you just mean "you can access all your data from the Desktop of your devices"? Big difference. Similarly, you keep saying "all your files are exactly the same on all your devices" but this is simply not true. They are not "on" the devices,they are "accessible from" the devices, right? 2. The backup question. You say that backups aren't required and we should just "buy two Plug: they will replicate each other's data". But I use the same example as before. If I have 4x2TB attached to my first Plug, and I then buy a second Plug, it cannot replicate 8TB of data unless I also have 8TB of free space on backup drives (which I assume I have to attach to this second Plug). Unless I have backup drives too, then if any of my drives crash, my data will be lost. 3. One of my original questions regarding changes that Plug makes to the data on my drives: if I disconnect the USB drives and connect them directly into a device which doesn't use Plug, do they appear exactly as they used to, or has the Plug software modified the drive contents (reorganized, reformatted, whatever)? Hi CGC I noticed feedback on Vincent Liu's question of NAS support - in the future - great! My router/network at home has Power over Ethernet (PoE) support which i use to power IPCam and other devices. Will Plug support PoE instead of using the power adapter? Based on the Vimeo I have a question about disk space and installation: if I connect a full 3TB USB disk to plug and link it to a 300Gb laptop which is 50% full - what happens with the file sync? Can I also limit the file sync / access based on my device / user? My iPod touch doesn't need access to my tax files ;-) Hello, I have been following the CGC team's replies and have not yet seen an answer to the questions I posed a few days ago. 1) How are the USB drives formatted (NTFS, EXT4, FAT32, Something proprietary ...)? You mention that the plug is Linux based, If something bad happens to my plug, can I unplug the devices from plug and plug them into one of my Linux desktops, mount them and access the data? 2) Can all of the features of plug be used without your website? IE: can I set up and use a plug to share file behind an airgap? If so will doing this be documented? I think this has sort of been answered, (Yes if I disable web access) but I'm still not clear on when the Website comes into play and if I can use the plug to store my data for multiple PC's on a non-Internet connected network. In addition I have another question: 3) How do I back up the drives connected to my plug? I really don't like putting all of my eggs in one basket, even if it makes them easier to get to from all of my machines. Thank you again for taking the time to answering these questions. Robert USB 3 and Gigabit Ethernet +1 Please add USB 3 and Gigabit Ethernet. Make it future proof. The current dropbox app for smartphones/tablets allows for automatic backup of pictures to dropbox as they are taken. Will the app here have this option? You should also look into contacting some of the major file reader apps, like good reader, to see if you could get this option with them as well. Can you post a Video of an unedited, RAW footage of you using the Plug and ALL its features that is listed in this campaign. Everything on here has been edited for the campaign and it does look very nice, but now it time to prove to us backers its functions in an uncut RAW unedited video. If this cannot be done, please let us know. Most of us are very curious to see a working demo as stated other than the one video list in the campaign. Thanks I want to know more about how does the plug work on different internet speeds & network configurations. I hope that gets covered in the next days. @Markus K. +1 I would prefer 3 things above all: - multi user interface - data encryption on the hard drive itself, not only the traffic - that plug can be operated w/o internet access Gigabit and USB3 can wait for Plug2 (if Plug1 is working properly) Now that you've aced this KS you really need to put out there a faster version of this product. USB3, Giganet, etc are here. Give us the option, maybe as a stretch goal? As a different KS? @Craig Dunn, jep good point this is what i would have asked next ;-) @CGC Team this one will be great :-) Plug 2 must be in several versions, I mean (+/- WiFi, Web-server, USB3/USB2, shapes/colors etc) Can I connect Plug with Synology nas? @Justin: I'm in the same boat you are. Its a good hardware but I would like to bet 3.0 and gigabit so I'm set for the future. I emailed them and asked and here is there response. I hope this helps. Hello David, Thank you for your question! Sorry for the delay, we received hundreds of question, and we take the time to answer them one by one. We try to answer personally every-single-question, so it takes a bit of time. That would be awesome, indeed, but it would have made the device far more expensive for us to produce (and we don't like that - we want it cheap and sexy). Moreover, with Plug, the memory of your devices is used as cache. So this is not really a bottleneck: in most situations, having USB2 instead of USB3 shouldn't really impact the user experience. Also, note that all file operations are done asynchronously, at the opposite of an external USB hard-drive. When you save a file into a USB hard-drive, your application waits for the file to be written, which is slow because of USB. With Plug, when you save a file, it is temporary written on your local memory, in cache. Then, in the background, the file is transferred to your Plug, without you feeling it. So we could say that Plug, even with a 10/100 Eth and USB2, is faster than USB3, because being asynchronous. Plug is a gamechanger in its way: you don't have to look at the same technical properties. Does it answer what you had in mind? Feel free to come back to us if you need more details. Best, As for my two cents: Personally I feel that USB 2.0 is going to be the bottleneck and I've experienced moving large files. There's a reason why I switched to eSata, but the bigger problem appears on the Fast Ethernet. Its 10/100Mbps, whereas USB is 240Mbps (each way which makes the 480Mbps we know). So the fastest we can get the data is at that rate. Caching and related can do many tricks but everything is still physically defined. So it will work in the background, we just won't be aware of how long it will take. @Josh Arnon: I'm not that familiar with pogoplug but the main difference is that pogoplug basically makes your external drive accessible by internet while plug centralizes ALL your files so that you see all of your files on any device. Pogoplug is basically like adding a drive to your computer which you can add files to and then access those files online. Plug is like adding size to the harddrives of all your devices, and centralizing organization, while being otherwise pretty much transparent. Even though both devices add storage through usb enabled harddrives, plug does it cleverly in the background so it looks like all your files are everywhere, not just all those on a specified extra drive. @shinn: Original Data on usb drives will stay on the drives, I'm assuming once data is copied from your computer to the drive the versions remaining on your computer will act as cached files until you need the space for something else unless you specify that they should be available offline. While at home you can access any files over your internal connection, away from home you need an internet connection to access files that aren't enabled to view offline The CGC guys may be able to give you more thorough answers, but I've been explaining to all my friends so I thought I'd give your questions a shot in case you find my answers useful. i have more question to your answer: --- Plug is not a folder like Dropbox or a hard-drive like a NAS. Plug is designed to replace the memory of your devices by itself, so that all your devices will have exactly the same memory, and (by extension) the same content. So it’s like if your PC, your Mac, your smartphone and tablet had all exactly the same “hard-drive”. --- what will happen to my original data?you mentioned about same memory, same hard-drive many times. and you said many times about off-line files, are files readable only in off-line status? what will happen to those files are not set to off-line viewing in my folder? just a symbol link? i don't like the google-drive way, they made many symbol link in Google-Drive folder. I'm not very technical, so I don't quite understand how this is different from something like Pogoplug. Yes, I know that this shares everything and not just folders across devices, but how is sharing all of the content different from sharing all of the folders? That part of the FAQ left me confused and wondering whether this product is really that different from something like Pogoplug after all. Please explain. Actually AirPlay support is very important for me as I will use this for all of my movies and music and use the Bang & Olufsen BeoPlay speakers for that. Also I use a 2048 bit OpenPGP end to end encryption on a VPN so I can watch Netflix and Hulu in Europe. Will there be comparability issues going through two VPNs? Also how much extra lag will this create? Will the iOS app have AirPlay support? Because for music and videos, that would be a must for owners of Apple TV's and AirPlay-enabled speakers. AirPrint would be cool too. Thanks! Nevertheless (and most importantly) f***ing awesome job CGC! - I see this as ground breaking on more than one level so kudos to you guys and the thousands of supporters for setting this in motion. Buzzing. This is my the first time I've backed anything on Kickstarter so I almost feel like I'm not in the most respectable of positions to make suggestions / pass judgements on things but: -Completely agree with Craig Dunn; I'd be very interested in hearing what possibilities can be realistically obtained in terms of the integration of a micro http server. -Also strongly agree with Keith Rome with regards to the commodity case design - perhaps it would be worth addressing this issue on the Plug Kickstarter home page rather than having people reluctant to trawl through the comments page repeat the same question over and over. If you are using a commodity case design, then you should clarify that in your project text or at least in the FAQ. Otherwise, we are left with nothing but assumptions. You specifically describe how your product differs from several other NAS devices (none of which resemble this one), but ignore the one that looks identical to the layperson. You can bet I won't be the last person to raise the question if it doesn't get covered in the project home page. (people rarely read back through all of the comments history) Micro http server sounds like the only stretch goal / add on I would be interested in @CGC - regarding the web access capability being hosted on your servers.... I get that the data is encrypted and whatnot, but why bother with hosting at all? If the goal is decentralization, why not have a micro http server running directly on the Plug so that the web interface is self-hosted? You can still push out upgrades to the Plugs as the web app itself evolves...just a thought. I would simply like to give my point of view : Plug is just revolutionary. We completely change the way we will use our devices : they are just machines to acced to our datas. I don't worry with witch computer I created it : it's here. (Sorry for my poor english). Allez y les gars et surtout brevetez bien tout ça ! @CGC Team if you don't end up wanting to make USB 3.0 and a gigabit line a stretch goal can you at least send out a poll to see who would be interested in it. I know I and I'm sure many others would be willing to wait longer and pay a bit more for USB 3.0 and a gigabit line. Especially since the current device is using pretty old hardware support in terms of USB 2.0 and 100 mb/s Or if your not going to offer if do you plan to in the future? I just don't want to but a USB 2.0 version when I have USB 3.0 supporting hard drives and am capable of sending out 600 mb/s. I have a question, i think it was too behind in the comments now. I have an external drive formatted for MAC. My PC did not recognize it. Using Plug i will be able to use it in my PC and in my MAC?? Thanks for your time!! @James Wilson - That is what I figured, but, at the same time, the CGC folks were treating the Plug as entirely replacing the computer's hard drive. Looks like their most-recent comment here cleared that up though :). One more. If I am recording video with my smartphone is the total size of my video still limited to the max space on my phone? If not then I'm wondering how it works since it won't be able to use my phone then as a cache right? Ah I see you posted just before I did and answered my first question. So no apps. Strange, I thought I saw some confirmation on cmd working. From all I've read the hardware is the easy part (relatively speaking) and I would suggest what we are mostly paying for is the software that pulls the whole package together. Fine by me. I am still curious about two things: 1. How various applications will work. I believe it has been confirmed that cmd would work but I also read something about certain apps that write their own data wouldn't work? what about applications that use the windows registry for example? How about games, any issues? Some clarification on what would work and what doesn't and perhaps how installers will operate would be good. 2. Is initial setup painful? What I mean by that is that I suspect there must be an initial period when you first 'plugin' where all the current files on your devices need to be copied/moved to the 'plugin' external drives. I understand that in the meantime the devices will still operate since they will use the cached version on their own device but I wonder how long typically this initial catch up period takes, i.e. before you would see your existing files from other devices and will newly created/installed files show up immediately during this time? Guys, there is still about 50 days away. Until then, @CGC team can polish up their solution. Just suggestion to @CGC, please just shot a raw video of your demo. Don't jazz it up making viewers suspicious of what is being shown. We don't need another polished marketing video. Raw, simple, down to earth shoot will do (need not be perfect, after all this is a WIP). As for the hardware similarity, I am ok with that. I pledge because of your unified solution not how fancy looking the Plug is. A lot of products on the market are OEM from another products. So, seeing you guys going for it seems logical given you only have couple of months to deliver the final product. And as of now, I hav not seen your kind of unified solution. The closest would be SugarSync and iCloud but limited and expensive cloud storage. @Linoge: From what I understand about this, I did not hear of running applications on this device, just storing data. It would be cool, but at the same time a bit unpractical. Thanks for bringing this product to Kickstarter - looks such a perfect way to eliminate the many syncing issues that take up hours of my time. A few questions I'm not clear about how it works: 1. Is anything changed on our external drives when we attach them to Plug, or does the combination of Plug/Plug software simply act as a "black box" between our devices and the drives? In other words, if we unplug the USB drives and connect them directly into a device at a later date, do they function exactly as they used to, or has the Plug software modified the drive contents (reorganized, reformatted, whatever)? 2. Similar to what someone else asked, if I have 2 Plugs at different places with different drives attached to each, is that all visible from any device so we can (for example) copy files from a drive in one location to a drive in another? 3. How does the version history get stored? Is that stored on the Plug box itself, or on a file accessed by the Plug software on our devices? If the latter, is this file identical on each device we use? And how do we control how much it stores to prevent it becoming bigger and bigger? 4. Our data is still all stored on the actual drives, right, not on the Plug? So we still have to keep using our own regular backup procedures onto backup drives etc.? The video says "Plug backs up everything continuously…" but this is referring to the version history, not actual backup copies of our data, right? 5. There is no limit to the amount of data Plug can handle? I can use a 6-port USB hub and connect a 3TB drive to each port for example? Thanks in advance for answers. So, kind of a stupid question... As I understand things, the Plug will be more-or-less taking the place of your computer's long-term storage, with your computer's onboard hard drive(s) functioning as temporary cache points for data that is really kept on the Plug's drive(s). That sounds great for things like pictures and documents and whatnot else, but how does that work with operating systems and games and the like? Is the operating system programming still kept on the original devices, and when you install new software... where does it go? The Plug's drives, or your computer's? And allow me to echo another question asked previously - is there any capacity for data duplication/backup across multiple hard drives plugged into a Plug? so not only usb3 and gigabit network, now Wifi and bluetooth? the first 2 they responded that would increase the price to somewhere around $200 and now wifi and bluetooth, that might double it again. Nice work! It's future. Only need USB3, WiFi (Bluetooth... hmmm?), rights to directories & users and... better look for gadget's design. The Addonics solution is just a NAS adaptor.. turns usb drives to networked ones, supports SMB/FTP, whereas Plug is offering a UNIFIED file system for devices. Get your files on all devices in the same heirarchy everywhere. That justifies the cost to me.. (Heck, if you just need an SMB server, get an MK808 which retails around 40-49$, runs android, and can be used as a media center, gaming, torrent downloader, smb / ftp / web server etc... and then you'll need plug to store all those files..;) ) By the way, the case is a little bit ... dull?! Are you planning to have an industrial designer take a look at it? To have something sexy, original, not as generic looking? There are a lot of device with reference version on the market for a long long time, no surprising. Plug is sale their solution/app and idea. the Addonics NAS storage is 39.95, you spend 69-39.95 = 29.05 dollars to buy a complete solution on Mac OS/Windows/Linux/iOS/Android/WP(Later), it's very vary cheap if the solution is working good. Keith Rome's discovery is VERY! DISTURBING....... I hope to hear what the CGC Team has to say regarding the Plug and how it looks identical to another device that has been on the market for a long time. I hope this project is not another Kickstarter SCAM. ALL backers, please compare the Plug with Keith Rome's findings and Voice your thoughts out loud before the campaign ends. I might back out of this project. VERY DISTURBING fine.... <url>"non-plugged" computer over a web interface. Here was their actual response: "A web interface is provided so that you can access your files from devices which are not yours. You'll just asked your username and password. The web interface is hosted on our servers, we do a relay between your Plug and you." Just had a thought; Would it be possible to use an "array" of USB flash drives via a USB hub? Low energy & distributed? Apologies; 3. effeminacy = efficiency Im a backer! just a few questions; 1. drives. What happens if you use your plug and one drive, & the drive fails? 2. Can the Plug power a USB hard drive? 3. Does Plug manage the effeminacy of the drive? i.e. would put the drive to sleep if not in use? 4. Is it still possible to accesses files on a "public" computer via browser without Plug assuming that computer is a devise you "own" and synchronising everything on it you don't "own" Thanks! Interesting idea, I pledged for one :) Two questions though, What about error handling? If the plugged drive crashes, what happens to the devices connected to it? What about files that are meant to be device-specific like spotify offline cache? Hi CGC Team, dont worry about the days to go and the available devices. As you already did just add new pledge levels with "late bird - later shipping" announcement. Then it's clear that these bakers will get there plug with the third or fourth or x wave ;-) All The best Jan Early bird $69 slot opening up in 5,4,3,2,1, Now! I'm glad I snagged a device from the first batch! Kudos to you guys for sitting limits and making sure you can ship devices on time, I'm sure that I'm only one of many backers who appreciate that. And it's great news for my friends that at least one more batch is available through the kickstarter. This is the first project I've backed, and it's very exciting :) or possibly two more USB 2.0 ports. Could we at least get some on board cache? How about 32GB I forgot to add the $10.00 Shipping? What's the correct process now? Hmm....looks like this is going to be a soldout. So anyone reading this better grab the last few units. Since, total unit is limited, final fund would be under 400K. That's honestly fantastic! But I want to see it in action. We have over 50 Days, more than enough time for a simple demonstration. Which is a reasonable request. Past success does not guarantee future ones. But if this is shown to work as described ill go push this product myself!! Hi, just a quick note to all "worried" backers and skeptics ... make a google search for "forget box" or just follow this link: <url>"cached" files have been uploaded to the Plug hard drive, will the "cached" files be automatically be deleted? Or it's will stay in the device's hard drive and must be manually be deleted. Thanks! KRIS Interesting to know that the files are actually being "cache" within the device's hard drive 1st, then slowly it gets uploaded to our Plug hard drive. Since its running in the background, will we see a decrease in performance in our computer as some of us have a few applications running at the same time, such as Photoshop, Premiere, Illustrator, and other types of editing softwares. I thought Plug was begging directly access and upload directly without being cached. So it's going through a few extra steps, including the Plug website / hosting / directing. What if your site crashed due to high volume Pluggers using their Plugs at the same time? Interesting to know now more details of how Plug really works. Still a cool project, will continue to read the comments and the updates for the next 55 days. :) Umm this project is going to hit over 1 Million Dollars for sure, it's climbing faster every single day. LA french Angel veille ! TRES Bonne suite. I am a Backup Pack Backer. I am quite worried about the following. In a simple scenario I connect in my Home 2 hard disks with data to PLUG. On a separate building I connect 2 different size hard disks to the second plug. How can I select which HD gets what data? For those that have a web host solution and could use it for storage the following seems to be a nice choice instead of dropbox and the like. Still not ideal. <url>íne Hi I'm a backer and really looking forward to how this pans out. I would like to know if there is any possibility of a software only version. I already run a MAC Mini that hosts a copy of all my files. If I could have a server version of the software on the Mac mini serving the files rather than another hardware device with USB drive, that would be awesome. The mac has local drives and gigabit Ethernet already built in. Hi, thank you for building something I have been looking for for some time now. I hope that you use the extra money from the more than successful kickstarter to implement additional features, such as the following. I hope you will add a feature to exclude selected folders and files from synchronization and only keep a local copy (which, because it is not a cache, must be deleted manually). This has two uses for me, and I assume many others: 1: Keep computer specific versions, for example with configuration information. 2: Not copy generated information, improving the transfer time of files that do need to be synchronized and not waste space on the storage device(s). In particular the second advantage is important to me. I am a software developer, and 90% of my folders is usually build output, which I can build faster than download. Hey there, I read your comment about addressing people privately - but you're going to be answering the same question over and over again with that method. You may want to consider updating the FAQ with the, well, FAQ. That aside, I am curious as to how the plug will deal with existing NAS - is there any update/clarification regarding that? How is this data stored across multiple hard drives? What happens if a drive fails? Is the the data striped in some way? What's with the magical instant file sending, which obviously can't happen. Is it sending a link to the person that goes back inside the users plug network in their house? What's the speed of data transfer? Hello, First off, Looks like an awesome project that you have sepnt a lot of time thinking through. Thank you for offering us the oppertunity to fund and check it out! I have a few questions that I have not seen asked earlier: 1) How are the USB drives formatted (NTFS, EXT4, FAT32, Something proprietary ...)? You mention that the plug is Linux based, If something bad happens to my plug, can I unplug the devices from plug and plug them into one of my Linux desktops, mount them and access the data? 2) Can all of the features of plug be used without your website? IE: can I set up and use a plug to share file behind an airgap? If so will doing this be documented? Thank you for your time in answering these questions. Best of luck, it looks like you have a hit on your hands! Robert Hi CFC Team, dont let the critics make you mad. Keep focussing in what you want to achive. Coressponding is neccessary but dont try to answer questions minutes after they are posted. Best will be to sum up in a regular update. To manage that dedicate the job to one person and create an internal plan on which basis updates will be published. As you noticed there are already negative voices, thats sad. Im a positive person and am sure you will be successful. To calm the people try to post regular small updates. A good question was if one will get a second plug if we double the pledge. Happy to support you. All the best Jan @Deepra Smith Thank you for your considerations about USB3 and GbE! You are perfectly right if internal LAN connections between Plug and users will be unencrypted. But in terms of privacy, LAN connections HAS TO BE ENCRYPTED TOO. If your security would have be penetrated (for example, someone crack your wifi password, he will be able to sniff your data over LAN). For a team of 3 guys working in their garage, this project will change their life and their families future. As a backer of many projects, we all have questions and concerns on a project that we feel we should be heard and answered to. I never like lack of communication, as that has most of the time turn the project upside down after campaign ends. I'm sure they are currently finding out if USB 3.0 & Gig can be done and calculate its cost. As noted, this project was listed for 59 days with a goal of $69,000 and is reaching almost $300,000 in 3 days! and growing.... I'm willing to pay more for USB 3.0 & Gig if they can make it happen, if not then we all will have to wait for version 2 after the campaign ends. My question to the CGC team was.... Can backers from the VERY VERY EARLY BIRD ($59) double their pledge & SH to get double the Plug. For us, that means we would save $10 for every 2 pairs. The combo deal is best for everyone, but not for us VERY VERY EARLY BIRD. So I think we are going to have to take a few steps back and be patience and wait for their responses. They did tell me that, they are here to stay and we will always hear from them even after the campaign ends. That's good to know :) Still wondering, does this require a service to use or can it work as a stand alone device? Agree with Deepra on observations regarding value of considering Gig interfaces. Even if there is solid technical reasoning for keeping to the 10/100 many consumers will want Gig "just because!" @Ivan, probably two scenarios will invalidate your arguments: 1. Multiple USB3.0 external harddrive hook to that single Plug USB2.0. 2. Internal local gigabit LAN network which is multitude faster than VPN through Internet. Why on earth you want to suffer if your local network is blazing fast and NOT connected to Internet? Both gigabit and USB3.0 devices getting very popular by the end of this year. Gigabit due to people upgrading home routers to take advantage of AC wifi coming soon to a lot of mobile devices and SSD and larger/cheaper terabytes harddisk. Plug is coming this Dec and probably retail next mid next year. CGC team need to consider having old tech components when they retail it in 2014. Just mentioned USB2.0 and 10/100mbps are a put off to many consumers before even thinking of giving it a try. As for the cost, I agree it will cost more. Whether it will twice more or not; that is something CGC needs to manage. I believe many will be willing to pay extra for that upgrades. As this project going to break million dollar mark, considering offering upgrade for new tier shouldn't be that costly when your original target is less than 1/10th of final value. USB 3.0 Gigabit ethernet Please, pay attention! 1. The CGC team wrote earlier: "USB3 & Gigabit Ethernet: that would be awesome, indeed, but it would have made the device far more expensive for us to produce (and we don't like that - we want it cheap and sexy). Moreover, with Plug, the memory of your devices is used as cache. So this is not really a bottleneck: in most situations, having USB2 instead of USB3 shouldn't really impact the user experience." So with USB3 + GbE it will cost ~2 times! But let's see if we really need USB3 + GbE! 2. Clarification of hardware: This is small, tiny device with very limited capabilities comparing to normal computers. Transferring data through internet is risky. So, you have to use encryption. It will transfer all your data through VPN (according to creators). But 100 mbit ethernet = 10 MB/s of encrypted data! For those, who doesn't know - It's a VERY VERY CPU resource-eating operation which runs on-the-fly. For 1Gigabit = 100 MB/s we have to use REALLY powerful hardware. Most of typical office computer can't handle it (!!!). And you want it from such a tiny device??? So, we have a bottleneck of 10 mbit/s. Why on Earth do you want USB3 if speed of USB2.0 has a 450 mbit = 56 MB/s. Even if we have overhead and real speed is 1/4,5 of theretical than we have 450/4.5=100 mbit/s=10 MB/s speed. Please, correct me if I wrong. Kris - I am hoping that the limited number of 'rewards' shipping in December is a sign they have mapped out what they can manage - I wouldn't have backed without those caps because I have seen so many tech KS fall victim of their own success (and I will be waiting to see the dates on any new pledge tiers as well). Not offering upgrades to the design as stretch goals is another good sign as it means they feel they have a product they are comfortable they can produce for the money being asked for. There aren't hundreds of non related add ons that have nothing to do with the product and would (presumably) not be something the company regularly deals with (caps, t-shirts etc) so won't be a distraction or cause shipping costs / scheduling issues and the like. Looking at the number of days this KS had at the start (60) makes me feel they weren't expecting this level of funding this soon and so weren't geared up for level of communications coming their way. All in all I don't feel that twitchy about this project. I am not giving up my Drobo. It would be kind of you to address how NAS or other external storage/backing solutions work or synchronise with it. @CGC, I can guess you're being flooded with tons of questions from backers. I doubt you can answer all even if you want to. Some question carries huge implications like USB3 support, or costly to implement. I would suggest you try to answer all of them as best as you can without promising anything while you're recalculating cost and adjustments. At this stage, good PR response is critical even though you probably want to spend time coding. Please a bit more responsive. You already hit more than 350%+ funding goal, we backers expect more communication from you. Just a helpful suggestion: Beef up your PR and Customer Service staff for this campaign. It looks like it could get quite large and with a simple complexity like this it is certain there will be many questions. Of which my own have already been sent. Best of luck! I sent you guys a Message via Contact, but never got a response back. I'm wondering if us backers are giving into this project so easily and pushing its funding goal over 200% and more each day.... Yet no responses back from the creator on certain question that many of us have asked. Only 1 or 2 specific questions has been answered since the project started. If communication with backers are like this now, after the campaign ends, we might never hear from the creator ever again. I like this project, but I'm not sure if they can handle this amount of orders, since they can't seem to manage to take time and answer questions from the people who are funding this project. My last big project I backed that failed to go into production is the "InstaCube" with all $621,094.00 the funding is gone and project is dead. I'm out $349 on that one. Thinking twice about this project, since communication with backers are poor to nothing. A stretch goal and a multi-USB port plug would be great for those like me who have accumulated tons of external USB drives! Seems like an awesome product. Sent a private message regarding Space Monkey and other devices that I was a little unclear with... Not 100% sure if this is for me yet, but its an awesome product and I didn't want to miss out! Add another request for other multiple options - i've got a family who would benefit, and puting it all in a single pledge (for four) would be much simpler... Glad to be on board, it like to add my voice to the call for USB 3 as a stretch... My file sizes are going to make it tough to work effectively over USB 2... Gigabit would also be a nice addition, but not as essential for me. Hi CGC team, Thank you for answering my question. I hope you'll be able to look into the function of syncing only specific app or file types across all flatforms. It will be great to have advanced options for advance users plus I think it would be great to file type specific syncin only in windows even for small business say design studio where plug only syncs cad files or my documents only files just like options in itunes syncing data to idevice. Please look into that approach as well Thanks. Question.. If I pledge $300 can I receive 4 plugs? I already pledged $150 for the 2 plug deal, I'm just wondering if I can double my pledge and receive 4 plugs? Thank you. Also +1 for stretch goals! While I think it's pretty great for some folks that everything will be mirrored from whatever machine they use with Plug, I still think there must be a very transparent way to know what is synced to Plug and other devices is important and having control over these. Right now I'm almost assuming that you might upload like application files to Plug since it's a quote unquote mirror of my desktop vs laptop etc. Also, I may not for example want my movie folder from my desktop to be at the same place as my laptop. This goes with other folders also etc., I'd prefer to set the mapping myself. How are you dealing also with scenarios where folks have varying storage sizes across their devices? Usually a desktop might have a few terabytes of storage while a laptop at best usually will be less than 500GB. +1 to questions about what would happen if the Plug web service goes away or down. Will files/folders from plug be accessible from command-line like cmd.exe or Linux shell (type/cat, nano, vim, etc..) ? Or is seeing/opening synchronized files a Windows Explorer (or similar for Linux) hook/thingy? If I want a backup at home (two external dive with identical info) do I need to plugs or just a USB hub and the two drives? Does this device require subscription to a service to operate? The suggested stretch goals of USB 3 and Gigabit Ethernet are things that I think would greatly enhance this project and I would definitely up my pledge if I saw them added. Hi CFC Team, another question arised while reading the comments and faq again. What file System you are using, will Plug store files in the original format e.g. mac osx numbers or microsoft excel or will you convert it to propritary format? To put it another way round, will Plug format the drive in a specific format or encode files while saved by plug? Can i unplug my USB drive and use it directly with my computer and access all Files? Thanks in advance All the best Jan Is there an option which folder or location is being sync by plug? e.g. Contacts and notes in ios.. Specify which will be sync A correction to your FAQ: you state that Space Monkey is a NAS. It is not. It is in fact a single place to store all your data, with a single view of that data synchronized across all client platforms, accessible from anywhere with an Internet connection. The other characterization in the FAQ seems mostly correct: At Space Monkey we consciously decided against a multi-folder user experience because user testing showed that to cause a lot of confusion, as well as strange and surprising edge cases that tended to cause frustration instead of delight -- especially when managing files cross-platform. There are some corroborating studies on this issue in the literature (multi-folder sync products have been around for decades, but most people didn't adopt them until the experience was simplified). However, we are very interested in seeing what you do here to address those issues, and wish you the best of luck! Would vote for USB3 & Gb Ethernet - file sizes are too large for USB2. Hard drives are now USB3. Like the potential of this - just concerned at this being constrained by the transfer speeds. please add stretch goals :) Usb3 Gb Ethernet Might be an idea Also, if you end up upgrading to a USB3, please let me know. I can up my pledge. Woohoo! It looks like you made your goal and then some! I'm looking forward to getting my two. :-) And another question: Will one plug be enough for two user accounts at home? Stretch goals anyone? ;) Does this support VIRTUAL files similar to MAC OS X So the european backers get theirs shipped from the EU avoiding the taxes? Salut les gars ! les supportrices marseillaises sont inscrites ! on attend décembre avec impatience. Félicitations, Bravo ! Hi, I am one of the numerous backers of this project ! But like so many others I would love to have the answers about the following point - partitionable disk for user - dynamic IP-Addresses and also, I would have more information about how conflicts is manage ? (Example : If I have the same file available off-line on 2 different machines, I make some changes in the two different located file and then I try to push these two files to the main one on my plug ... How does Plug manage this kind of conflict ?) Thanks a lot for yours answers It could be a great idea to fill the FAQ ! :) Hope everything will be going fine and you could manage the enormous demand ! Hmmm, I don't mind to up my pledge if @CGC upgrade USB3 and gigabit. I know having that will cost more, hence I'm willing to chip in the extra. How about creating another reward tier with those upgrades? Maybe you can call it Plug Pro. i don't think Gigabit ethernet could be transfer faster, we know transfer speed depends on cpu speed and storage transfer rate, maybe CGC team can do a test that just upgrade USB2 to USB 3, then we can know which is the bottleneck. Just realised after pledging that the power adapter is 110V/220V. Will there be 100V one? Great project! Still USB 3.0 and Gigabit ethernet would be sweet! Would Love to see this get bumped to usb3 and bump the network speed up. @Chow, DVD rip at 10GB? Looks more like Blueray rip? I do agree USB 2 and 100mbps is slow. How about bumping this ip to USB 3 and gigabit? Since this project is going to hit a very high funding? I'm worried that it would be slow despite the fact that it is on a LAN because the USB is still on a USB2.0 instead of USB3... Most networks now are at Gigabits and this device is still on Mbps... I'm hoping that this could be improved... Imagine a DVDrip movie is around 10GB... at the average speed of 30Mbps would take 45minutes to copy offline in a LAN which can go up to much faster speed... I am a developer and work with a lot of managed datasets that I dont really want "automatically" synced to some external store. Is it easy to configure ahead of time which file types/folders are synced, or exclude whole directories? Are "hidden" files (.*) synced? As many people are asking, what happens if your web service is unavailable or if you go out of business at some time in the future? Can we still configure plugs with new computers, or are we stuck? Are the hard drives connected to the plug formatted with a proprietary file system, or could we in theory disconnect them and read them from a normal computer? Thanks! would it be able to work with services such as IFTTT? the more services it will coraporate with the happier... please make the software as more automated as possible. In light of the recent/not so recent releases on the NSA/CIA/FBI government spying on the World. Can we please get the code for PLUG open sourced? This way we can contribute to the code and help to secure bugs and post fixes. thank you Hi CFC Team, glad I backed the project. Nevertheless I have some questions: 1) How do you handle dynamic IP-Addresses Here in Germany not every person has a static IP-Address. How plug will manage / work with dynamic IP-Addresses? 2) File System Privately I'm using a Mac, not sure the supported file systems didn't list the Mac file system. Will you support it nativly? 3) NAS Storages Would like to use a NAS due to Raid. Will you support that? 4) USB Will you upgrade to USB 3 or 4? A question you don't have to answer is the one regarding the power plug. My excuses didn't read the specs entite, but you alteady mentioned it. Tranks a lot All the best Jan Hello, great project guys ! I have one question though, you tell us that we "own" the device, but can it work forever ? If your service comes to an end enventually, can I still pair my device with computers ? It sure looks like we still have to go through an unknown webservice so synchronise stuff. Will you provide us means to make/deploy our own pairing webservices if you ever happen to disappear as a company ? Sorry if this was already asked. Is the storage space partitionable to different users? Example I set up in my office of 4 people, I don't want everybody's data mixed with everybody elses. can I quarter my storage and assign each quarter to different people, then they have multiple devices accessing their quarter but not accessing the other 3 quarters? Great project guys. I have just backed it but have a question. Have you or will you consider in the future making a USB 3.0 or thunderbolt version? Also is there the option to connect a raid drive setup? Thanks :) @CGC Team, you should also update your FAQ and intro description with those one-to-one replies (if contain new relevant info) Otherwise new backers will keep asking the same questions over and over again. This project will have A LOT of backers. Do try to keep up with your planned schedule. Amazon.com reviews on the PogoPlug are really bad. 2.5 stars the most out if 5. Nevermind about my recent comment with PogoPlug. I thought I saw a $4.99 monthly fee. Guess that is when you use their PogoFamily service. So PogoPlug is very similar to Plug in certain ways, but has USB 3.0 and gigabit. They have 3 different units and only the $99 unit support SATA drives The PogoPlug is a $4.99+ monthly service. The Plug is yours, no monthly fee. From what the video says. Anyone know the difference between Plug and Pogoplug (<url>« Now I WISH they would respond and let us Early Bird backers at the $59 level to double our pledge and get 2 Plugs. » I say PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE. Thank you. This project is going to reach at least $450K - $800K easy. I had backed "the Transporter" project. It's a your own cloud type sharing device. Once I got the unite, it didn't function as what I had plans for it. I wanted a DropBox like feature, but it's not like that at all. So I shipped it back to the creator and got my $165 back. That project also charged for U.S. shipping even though its from and ships from California. Not every new projects will read every single fine Kickstarter print. Remember that every project HAS to be reviewed by Kickstarter and approved by Kickstarter before its set to launched live. So if the Kickstarter team members approve this project with $10 shipping for U.S. backers, then if you feel this project is worth it, then back the project. If not, then just save your $10 and walk away from the project. Nothing against anyone, hey $10 is a lot if money, seriously. The Plug team is new to Kickstarter and in their minds they just wanted to make all backers from the U.S. to the South Pole feel equal. Now since they are base in both countries, they have figured out a distribution method to save cost on shipping and made it equal to all parties across the world. I'm sure after this project or any future projects, they will have learn the right method to crowd-funding and how the community works. Our voices are loud & clear. They are planning on adding new pledge levels with the including $10 shipping to calm the community down. I'm just amazed that this team's hard work has paid off and by creating this technology and giving us people the power of the cloud in our own hands. Can't wait for the campaign to end and manufacturing of the Plug to begin. :) Now I WISH they would respond and let us Early Bird backers at the $59 level to double our pledge and get 2 Plugs. Hi there Plug. I am loving the concept and all the things. I think this is so simple yet so massively new! What I need to ask is the following questions. 1. When I am using Plug on my Android, it may use Mobile data(expensive), or WiFi(free). And sometimes the internet connection speed is also not reliable in my country. Will this be a problem for Plug to perform? 2. And what if I have another low connection internet connected to my internet's house? Will that also be affecting Plug's performance? Thank you. Regards, Evan Hendra Is the Plug functionality dependent on your company's existence? That is, if you ever went out of business is the device useless? FREE shipping is a requirement for Kickstarter US projects (even if the team is in the Europe) to US backers. The project team can decide where to "locate" the project when creating it (for whatever reason, logistics, visibility, customers, shipping, etc.) It's the rules folks, don't get upset that you are from another country and you're funding a US based project. I bought a UK based project and had to pay shipping and the UK people did not. Again, the rules. What if I said everyone in Finland has to pay $10 because my grandmother lives there? Would that be fair? What if you lived in Finland and didn't care, but then I said it's only $10 more, so you should just pay it? What's fair is fair and the rules are the rules. Simple as that! Two important questions in my opinion: 1. Security! -> I feel uneasy if everyone can view ALL of my private files via internet with just a password though his browser. Do you have "two factor authentication" or s.th. similar on your roadmap or can I disable the "browser web access"? (for instance: I have a long master key or TAN list and have to add new devices manually in the preferences, identified by their MAC address or similar so I can ONLY access the data via my iPhone and my macbook and there is physically no way to access it via other sources, even if they have my password, except if I share files). Just a quick thought, I now how difficult this part is. 2. Speed -> If I have two Plugs connected from different locations (for data safety reasons), both Internet connections have an upload speed of 2 Mbit/s adding up to 4 Mbit/s upload speed. The max. download rate if I'm somewhere else (in a cafe for example) is 4 Mbit/s, right? Thanks for the answers. How many people are you working on the project? This project sounds like a huge development effort. Please make it USB 3.0 compatible ! @Cameron, all: Don't forget customs fees and VAT additional to shipping fees. On a budget item on KS (under 30$) I normally pay about the double amount as int. backer than a domestic (US) backer, plus you often have the hassle with customs if the creator has no experience with international shipping and does not provide the expected paperwork (which happens often, as most creators are first timers). Sometimes there is extra trouble if no CE-Sign is present on electronic products for the EU... or the shipment gets lost without tracking number - and this list goes on and on... I don't want to whine, I know what I'm dealing with, but I sure hope that Kickstarter improves in that department. They should offer a service for creators for interational fulfilment, or at least consult them on how to handle this. I wonder why there are no secondary companies popping up like mushrooms to offer their services and experience to creators - regarding the volume of money KS projects create meanwhile. Something like "backerkit international" that handels bulk overseas shipping and local postal delivery professionally for a moderate fee, not exeeding what the creator would have to pay for normal postal services. I'm with Cameron on this, DON'T RUIN THIS PROJECT! IT'S BEEN FUNDED, STOP COMPLAINING! IF YOU KEEP GIVING OUT THEY MIGHT BE FORCED TO REMOVE THE CAMPAIGN AND NONE OF US WILL GET A PLUG! INTERNATIONAL BACKERS HAVE TO PAY TONS OF CHARGES AND SHIPPING FOR EVERY PROJECT! IT'S ONLY $10!!! IF THE SHIPPING CHARGE WAS BUILT INTO THE PRICE I.E. $79, YOU WOULDN'T MIND WOULD YOU? IT MAKES NO DIFFERENCE! JUST PAY THE $10!!! Why are all the USA backers complaining about shipping? You do realise that us international backers have to pay shipping on EVERYTHING on Kickstarter (including projects that are literally in the same town as me, that's Kickstarters rules). We also get charged an 'International Transaction Fee' on EVERY Kickstarter project. So for ONCE USA backers are in the same boat as international backers and all a sudden it's a catastrophe? Sorry if this statement offends anyone, but, GET OVER IT, it's $10... U spend that on your morning coffee each week... It's not like your being asked to pay a FEE to buy an item from another country like we ALWAYS get forced too here on Kickstarter. TL;DR - it's $10 for shipping, get over it! Hi, I forgot to add 10$ for shipping. How can I add them so there won't be shipping problems? Thanks Just one question. Your project sounds very cool... but: I work with HUGE files on my computer. Video editing, indesign files and more. So, I don't want to have everything over the plug. I would like to use the plug only for my private data. I know you want that we don't have a dedicated folder, but can it be optional? I would like to have a dedicated folder just for plug. I hope this is possible. So all my music is on a old Power PC Mac and have been looking for a simple way to stream all my old mixes without leaving my old computer on all the time, could I upload all my content and then turn that computer off and still have it accessible from my other devices? Will we have stickers for those who wasn't fast enough to get the custom devices ? Hi CGC team, have you heard of Filetransporter? <url>"No uploads, no downloads" What is the difference between downloading/opening from any cloud services (not taking in account slow servers, slow internet connection, etc.) and opening file on the computer located outside of the my home network? How long it's gonna take to open 2.5Gig file stored on the Plug drive (not the music or video). Doesn't it say that you can only charge additional shipping to international customers? <url>"the cloud", right? Plug, in essence, just broadcasts your files to all your devices, correct? I'm using Linux as a web developer. We also have a xbmc and a windows8, android phone, ... If you guys need a tester? :) 1. I agree with the USB3 and Gigabit requests. 2. Kickstarter does not allow you to charge for US shipping. It's in the rules, has this changed? 3. Can someone tell me the difference between this and PogoPlug? (seems similar) 4. Why not WiFi and Ethernet? I currently using a Synology nas can i use the storage in there at my plug? Is their a difference in specs between the VERY EARLY BIRD and the CLASSIC reward besides color? We want USB3 and gigabit ethernet! :) Please think about it. Just a clarification: So when I'm at home, connected to my home network, Plug communicates with my devices through the network, but not over the internet, right? (and then obviously has to use the internet when I'm out of the house) Definitely looking forward to this Just ordered my Blue version of Plug ! Can't wait !!! Great work guys same here, didn't find any chance to add 20$ while using amazon paying..?! how can i transfer it for getting it shipped to germany? Same like Benjamin Levaillant I live in Europe, in Germany. I could not find any further information on shipping fees besides the standard amount of 10$. I assume those are actually planned as a shipping fee for US and do not include Europe as well. Please keep us informed about the procedure of shipping the product out of the states, so problems do not occur. Like the other Backers I like the idea and want to support it, keep on the great work! Best regards from Germany! Could Plug be used to host a website? Another question... What happens if you take a picture on your cell phone? It says in the description that it replaces your devices storage with Plug. Where does this picture go? Can you tell Plug to not copy files to other computers, or to tell it to only back up certain files? My wife and I store different things on our computers and I don't want a lot of the things she has on her computer on mine. same issue as David here. I usually get automatically "charged" for postage. But in this case I click on manage my pledge and added 10$ to the pledge money. 69 + 10 = 79 I am also curious about USB 3.0 support + Gb Ethernet. How much would it affect your costst? I backed the project at 69 dollars, went straight to Amazon payments, click click done. No mention of shipping costs, and I live in the Netherlands. I don't mind paying for shipping but I haven't now, because the payment process wouldn't allow me to... Can you tell me if and how the shipping will be paid for? GREAT, now it's time to drop dropbox ! Hi, what about international shipping ? Will the 10$ be enough ? I'd like to know now if you're gonna ask for more later... Also, yeah please futur proof the product, USB 3.0 is a must have nowadays ang Giga Ethernet would be great too. While I'm at it, will owning a Plug means I can start any computer anywhere and in a mater of seconds they would have the same content that I have at home ? Finaly I too was wondering about the mobile device acces, would there be an app for that ? This is something that I've been looking for for a while now. I can now back up all my game saves! I would have liked to see USB 3.0 on it. Great idea guys, hope it gets funded. I too would love USB3/gigabit Ethernet support for future proofing. :) Nice product, USB 3.0 and Gb Ethernet is a must. Please reconsider. Also could you please clarify what would be the shipping for multiple (2+) early bird pledges. Thanks. Hi, I just wanted to set up an ownCloud server on a raspberry pi to get comparable functionality - this seems to be the out-of-the-box version - very reasonably priced. In what respect does your project differ from running an ownCloud? USB3 and gigabit ethernet would be more reasonnable no ? were in 2013 not 2004 ! Anyway, great project, its kind of a NAS but even better ! How does it work for the mobile acces, is it a special Android/iOS app ? Thank you Can you waive the shipping for US domestic? It costs much less than shipping overseas... does the plug support redundant hdd arrays? like if my hdd running plug goes, instead is there a way to back it up to another drive using just one plug? maybe thunderbolt? lol.. gigabit* I second the USB 3.0 movement. With gigabyte internet around the corner, we could utilize the faster speeds very soon. Future proof your device! also, does this support full image backups? can we get USB 3.0? So f*cking cool. I will second Jef's question. I don't care if one is blue and one is black. The fact I can build my own cloud is amazing. I would potentially like to pick up two though at $59 Yes, like @KRIS, I wonder how can I order multiple Plugs at $59 each. Can I just pledge more? Should I add $10 shipping for each? Great invention guys! It rocks. Thanks This is just AWESOME!! :) So since we have to add an additional $10 for Shipping, I went to manage my Early bird pledge at $59 (add $10) and made it to $69 The problem you will encounter is backers not adding the additional $10. I think it's always best to add shipping into your pledge levels, so it's one less work for the backer to do, and less issues after funding. Now I know you have a double pack, but I think us Early birds at $59 (+$10) have a better deal if we just double our pledge levels.