Gen Con is not in the cards for me this year, unfortunately. :-( Absolutely. When the game is ready to ship, I'll be double-checking shipping addresses with everyone individually in order to be sure they receive their rewards. The Kickstarter system doesn't allow me to resubmit another survey, unfortunately—but I can message everyone individually. I hope to run a game or two at Paizo Con and I *want* to attend Gen Con this year, but I'm not 100% sure that's in the cards. I may also make myself available in Seattle near PAX for demos as I didn't get into PAX. That said, I have a friend helping me understand the Google+ hangout stuff and may begin running weekly demos in the near future online. Stay tuned. Addressed: <url>ão. :-) Hey Robby, I admit I've gotten quiet as of late. I tried to address that with today's update. Updates will get loud again—right now we're pushing hard to the finish line. There is no "they" here. There's just me. I have contractors and other help, but this is for all intents and purposes a one man operation. I was sincere in my mea culpa post in September. In fact, I strive to be as sincere as possible always. We gave reasons for launching the AC KS. Do I regret pulling that trigger? Absolutely. I'm not sure where you're seeing me being snippy and defensive. If I've done that, I sincerely apologize. It's difficult to apply emotion to the words you read online. If you never buy anything from my company, Robby, I'll have to live with that but I won't like it. Nothing with this project has gone exactly the way I planned, but if I've learned anything about the hobby industry after all this time it's that things rarely go to plan and it's good to have backup plans. We're on backup #2, I think. ;-) The game progresses. It's coming. If I'd released it "on time" it wouldn't been a pile of garbage. It's not that now. Hang in there, Robby. It's coming. And I mean this as sincerely as I can assure you in written form: my intentions when explaining myself are never to be snippy or defensive and it sincerely bothers me that I may have portrayed myself that way. You folks are why this game is happening. I appreciate it and I respect you (even the very vocal minority). You're going to get the best game I can produce. I promise that. -Josh Update coming on Monday. :-) 60 days of refreshing my screen is finally over. ;-) Thanks again everyone! At least according to the emails I got, you are still just pledged once. :-) Yup, looks like we're going to hit $36k before the end. :-) @Joerg: Right now the official release date is "Spring 2012." Once the project funds, I'll announce a more solid date. @Josh: There will be an open public playtest in January. :-) So yes! Issak, many of your questions I can't exactly answer as it seems less than possible to answer them until a while after the game has been released. I could tell you what I hope all of our planning results in, but what I hope for and what will happen are sometimes two different things. I'm putting together a game that I want to play and by doing so I hope I'm also answering many of the concerns I've heard directly from gamers over the years about what they like and don't like about past and present games. I've been in this industry since 2005--long enough to see some major shifts, to see some large companies go under, and to see some small companies flourish. I was a major part of one of those flourishing small companies, so I have a solid idea how to be successful again. As for overhead and all that: I don't exactly consider a goal $11,000 higher than the last to be "marginally increasing" anything. You'll just have to trust me when I say the business plan, cash flow projections, P&Ls, sales plan, sales goals, and product schedule all tell me that my quotes from printers plus the capital raised from the Kickstarter mean this game will start off successfully. I'm not sure we'll have the quick start adventure ready for the playtest. But each week of the playtest will be specifically targeted toward one aspect of the game in order to keep the information coming back in as focussed as possible. Coming later today. :-) Thanks everyone for your feedback on the logo. :-) Gravity comes from centrifugal force generated by Quantum spinning very rapidly and there are tides, but I'm not ready to say why yet. :-) Double limited edition books for everyone at $35 pledges or higher. ;-) Thanks again, everyone! Hey Brett, I'll give that some thought. The way the backer rewards are set up right now, it'd be complicated. There will be beasts in the core book. :-) The PDF is extra beasts. I hate to say things like, "Well actually we're exploring an option like that" but, well, actually, we're exploring an option like that. :-) I asked for an additional quote from the printer today. Good question Jeremy! If you up your pledge to $500, you will keep the monster design. (I'll edit the new $500 to be more clear.) Correct! With no increase in shipping if you're outside the US (since shipping is free within the US at that pledge level). I have no plans for a color interior. A color cover, yes, but Hugo is shaping the look and feel of the world and that's better captured via his superb black and white art. Should we hit $25k, have no doubt we'll come up with incentives for higher goals. :-) Hey Richard, Yeah, maybe I have a little. :-) Congratulations everyone! We hit the first goal. Now we need to shoot for the second goal of $15,000 where I can give a lot of the folks working on the project a raise. :-) The next goal after that is $25,000 where I double all book rewards and print regular copies to sell into hobby distribution. Thank you so much everyone! I'm putting up a video update here shortly. Paul: I'll have some new backer rewards up tomorrow. Geoff: Thanks so much! I submitted it to their news engine. If you'd like to promote in the appropriate space on their messageboards, I think that would be great. :-) Thank you so much everyone! It's dead Jim. Any news? So, I created a facebook group which might help with this project. I titled it "Quantum Retold". Its a closed group. Just put in a request to join and Ill accept! <url>#crnt&panel1-1 With the recent action around Forking Path and The Doom That Came To Atlantic City, there's maybe a little hope we can get some ourselves. www.consumer.ftc.gov/blog/doomed-false-promises I don't think Josh started out to scam anybody. He had an idea for a terrific game, the skills and experience to develop a manuscript, but nowhere near the business abilities to assemble a team and build a product. When I mentioned "Pirate Den" (another failed project) to some friends, one of them said "Experience as a writer or an editor or a designer counts for nothing. The only experience that counts is as a publisher." I would compare this project to the NRG System by "The Gamesmiths" (Hank Woon and company). That also failed, after repeated bad luck similar to Josh's, but when they realized they couldn't fulfill their promises and deliver a product, they took the financial hit to reimburse all of us as best they could. *That* earned my respect and good will. If the Gamesmiths ever start another KickStarter campaign, I'd be confident that they'll do their best to meet their obligations. Josh, I wish you well, but I join with the rest of your patrons here, disappointed that you value your honor and your own good name so cheaply. And, hey, you might want to take "Quantum RPG" off your LinkedIn profile. It's kind of embarrassing. Never mind my last comment... I did a search through my email and I must have missed it. Here is the response. :( ------ The Consumer Resource Center has completed its informal complaint resolution process regarding the consumer complaint you filed about InfiniteXStudio and Kickstarter and your complaint has been closed accordingly. InfiniteXStudio and Kickstarter did not provide our office with a written response to your complaint as requested. We realize you may not consider this a satisfactory resolution to your complaint; however, the Consumer Resource Center does not have authority to impose resolution of the dispute on either party. We regret that we are unable to provide further assistance to you regarding this complaint. If you would like to pursue the matter further, you may wish to contact a private attorney in your state. Consumer complaints are public records and are available to the public for copying or inspection pursuant to the Washington State Public Records Act, RCW 42.56. ----- So basically he got away with stealing all our money. I contacted the WA AG and had one response that they're looking into it and then nothing. :( Do we know how many people contacted the WA AG? I'm still shocked anytime I bump into this. I've lost more on Kickstarters, so it wasn't a big loss for me. But I've at least always got a finished product... even in PDF form. He really wasted any good will he would ever have with the gaming industry. He'll quite literally never work "in this town" again. And Kickstarter ignoring all the reports is a slap in the face, showing what a shifty group they are underneath it all. Yes Kairam, the project is dead. NEWS? Any news? Use any of it as you see fit. Josh has no legal standing on the use of any of this material by a backer. If he happens to sue a backer for using it he would lose the legal battle and open himself up to a countersuit. Just a quick thought: someone interested in the setting may be interested to take what we have from the beta and port it to MCG's Cypher System. I'm in no position to say how legal public sharing of the result would be, but I think the system would lend itself well to Quantum. Any further developments? does anybody have the link or the pdf for the not finished book - i seem to have misplaced it and would at least cover my losses by reading or using the pdf of the not finished book the links semm to be dead Agreed. We are not investors. Investments are not sold this way and require the seller to be licensed. We gave Joshua Frost our money in good faith in exchange for the promise of a product to be produced in return. That is a contract. And this isn't like a Kickstarter project that doesn't reach goal. In that case, no money changes hands and the promise of product is then nullified. No, this project made more than three times its stated goal and yet here we are. Many of us out a hefty chuck of change and Joshua Frost $42,747 dollars richer. Whether he still has that money or not is irrelevant to the fact that he cheated all of us out of that money. The last time I checked, that level of fraud was a felony. Kickstarter backers aren't investors. The writer of the article is clearly wrong about that. But we are victims when people like Joshua Frost scam us out of our money. Joshua solicited the funds before he formed the LLC. As far as the law is concerned Joshua Frost is the only party in the now defunct Infinite X Studio. Interesting post by someone who has been in the industry for a while <url>’re sued and you’re the only person working for the company, there will be some spill over of liability if your decisions caused the issues. ========== Looks like Joshua could be under the lens even if his LLC has gone..... <url>"story line" Half Pages that got made for the final book and few of those were revealed in the updates of this KS. This sums 65 pieces of art (counting 4 shields as one piece) that cover the amount I was paid for. - I'll retain the IP for: ALL the other pieces NOT listed abode. Many of these pieces were never show in public, and many were show only in the KS updates. None of this artwork show any of the 4 iconics and in general they are all single characters and monsters, plus one scene (with no iconics) and the city map displayed in the Akyrema KS. My intention with these illos is to find them a proper home and get them published elsewhere. As I mentioned before, if Quantum ever gets published as a fan project, I'll be happy to share the illos that I still own by then. I'm not a native english speaker and sometimes what I mean is not what I say, so if you think you see something "odd" in here, please contact me to clear things up, for I won't be showing up in here anymore in order to leave this behind. I'm very sorry that this happen and I'm sorry I was the escape goat for a very uninformative explanation on why this KS failed. If anyone needs to contact me, you'll find my info on my dA account <url>"It ain't happening" and got this response. 'start quote' Hi Scott, Here at Kickstarter HQ, we expect creators to fulfill rewards, offer refunds if they’re unable to complete their project, and communicate with backers at every step along the way. While Kickstarter is the platform for this agreement, we are not a part of it. We do not investigate a project creator’s ability to complete their project, nor do we facilitate refunds or the fulfillment of rewards. While in most cases you’ll find that rewards are delivered as promised, it’s also important to realize that some projects might not fulfill as planned. When you back a project on Kickstarter you enter into an agreement with the project creator, as described in our Terms of Use: <url>’t hesitate to let us know if you have any other questions. 'end quote' I haven't responded at this point, wasn't sure what to say. I filed a complaint with the WA District Attorney. Easy online process and received a prompt confirmation reply back. Even if you pledged $1, please file a complaint--to help support those of us that pledged more. @Christopher Lewis and anyone still reading these comments. I talked to my lawyer he suggested that since Josh admitted that the project was failed and the KS guidelines say product or refund that we should report it to KS. He also said we should point out that Josh admitted the project was over in the last update and that this violates there terms of use. KS should then have to intervene on our behalf do to there own guide lines and seek a satisfactory resolution to the problem. This would not preclude people from outside the US from having there complaint heard. Just a suggestion for another way to move forward. Any hope for a fan completion is also dead in the water. As even official attempts by me and accountant offering to engage in negotiations to buy the rights to the work have been met with silence. At this point I am out of ideas others are welcome to try to get Josh to open a dialog or negotiate with the community he created. If successful in making contact I will help in these endeavors but as of now I have spent to much time on this already so I am done. trouble is I live outside the US so my voice probably won't count for much.... From what I understand in talking to one of the WA state ADA's there were about 12 people who file a complaint with the state DA and of those people only about 3 followed up with a phone call. To the state this doesn't show any need to move forward with legal action on their end as there is no interest by the harmed parties to seek reparations as shown by lack of response. So thats where it is. Anyone have something new? I spoke to one of the claims people today and let her know what the situation was. She also suggested calling the person attached to your particular claims and hinted that if there was enough of a concern and the dollar amount was big enough the state would move to the next level. If you submitted the complaint and received a case number call and insist that the state take action, the squeaky wheel gets the oil. FYI if any of you have Sandra Hatcher as the person handling your claim she's going on vacation starting Monday and won't be back until June 9th so call her ASAP. I suggest as a next step actually calling the Attorney Generals office at 1-800-551-4636. Talk to whom ever is responsible for our complaint and let them know how important it is for them to step up and do something. I also received a notice from the Washington State Attorney General's Office. They are offering informal complaint resolution services by their Consumer Resource Center. This is an informal, voluntary process. Josh has 21 days to respond to the complaint, or they'll close the complaint and offer suggestions on the next phase. I will likely proceed with the next phases since it costs me little to do and I'd like Josh to crawl out of his hole face his backers - unfortunately this may be the only way to get his attention. @Jussi I tend to agree. Gamers probably aren't the safest group to target, considering the broad skillsets found in the community. This may well be true. In which case, I fear he may be headed for a world of hurt. In a group of 580 intellectuals, there will be a bunch who are sufficiently outraged by his actions to want to make an example, sufficiently clever to figure out how to get at you ... and sufficiently vindictive to be both persistent and creative about it. @Jussi He doesn't care. The last update was just smoke. Anyone here have a direct line to Joshua? It seems he hasn't logged onto Kickstarter since the day he posted the update. This may or may not mean that he hasn't read any of the comments here -- and if he hasn't, he is probably unaware that his actions may result in his life getting a lot more screwed up than he may have thought he was bargaining for, unless he takes firm and positive action, tout suite. Since the update, a lot of people have posted information here that would help Joshua understand his position better than he apparently does judging from the update, and suggested many possible things that he may do -- indeed, will have to do -- if he wants to attempt to prevent his circumstances from going to hell in a handbasket. If anyone has a personal connection with him, the greatest service they can do to him at this point is to direct him to read the comments here and -- crucially -- act accordingly! Otherwise, chances are he's headed up shit creek with no paddle, in a leaky canoe. @Trampas. Sorry, but he ignored mine. I got a notice from the Washington State Attorney General's Office. They are offering informal complaint resolution services by their Consumer Resource Center. This is an informal, voluntary process. Josh has 21 days to respond to the complaint, or they'll close the complaint and offer suggestions on the next phase. We will see if anything comes of it. Also want to say thanks to jerry for the gift. @Robby Much thanks to Jerry for the gift. It's a great reminder that most of the people in our hobby aren't like Josh. @Rex That is what I though but can't a judge award the IP to another party as part of litigation? Thanks Robbie for passing along Jerrys message and offer. Thanks for the clarification Text. @Shimbo: No, you don't have legal rights to the IP. The copyright stays with the creator unless the creator sells it to another or if the creation was created as part of a work for hire arrangement. Jerry Grayson, the creator of the Hellas RPG, heard about the debacle here. In a gesture of goodwill for all the backers, he created a coupon for Hellas for free. Here's the link: <url>"Wow, I was completely unaware of any of this until I read this thread. I really feel for the backers and its unfortunate it went down the way it did Makes me feel lucky that I’ve dodged the bullets I have in doing KS. I wonder if I could help any of the Backers by giving them a PDF of any of my games? I know it wouldn’t make up for anything that Joshua did but the backers should get something for trying to believe in something." And then later (with the above link): "I’m not doing it to make up for poor behavior or even exonerate Joshua from his responsibilities but to cap this thing off with a positive taste (I hope) Joshua had a HUGE cache of goodwill aimed in his direction and squandered it. It’s unfortunate and bums me out that stuff like this happens. There are still a lot of little guys like myself who appreciate ever dollar given to me to make my projects happen." I agree with Shimbo. Just letting him get away with it feels wrong to me. Especially after his last update...unbelievable attitude. I'd prefer my money back. But if what Benjamin proposed works, i can accept that. Can i reask - we international backers (as in not-US residents), can we fill out the WA complain form? If so, how does that work? I looked at it but for a lot of entries i have no idea what to put there etc. . Maybe someone who has filled out one can post a screen shot? @Shimbo I believe you are right but that ether legal action must be taken to procure them or Josh must give them up voluntarily. I would also like a Legal opinion on this from the resident lawyer. I believe we as backers have legal right to the IP since we paid for its development. Maybe the resident lawyer can shed some light on who legally owns the IP. @Shimbo Yes I have contacted Josh by phone, on Facebook (both his and InfiniteX's) and throw the Email on InfiniteX. If there is another option I do not know it. Tell me any I missed and I will try that way to. I have not contacted Hugo or Blake Davis directly as they have both basically said they where in the dark. Might try Blake to see if he can get a direct line to Josh. As far as I know Josh is the sole owner of the IP and the guy that did most of the writing but if I am wrong tell me and I will pursue those angles. You are right about the first step making this a fan project. But i can not move forward with that Without ether the IP being put under a CC licence, Josh being an active participant or the rights being passed to someone that is interested in allowing the fan work to begin. Without that I can not even use the name Quantum without infringing copyright. This is the reason why all those fan projects of the past where for the worlds most popular fantasy RPG. Technicality the math and tables can not be copy righted so we could start working on the system I guess but we could not use any of the text or images associated with the world. If youre serious about turning this into a fan project, create a Facebook page and link it here and everywhere else people might see it. Next we need to start mining images and text associated with this game. We then have a base from where we can start. @the_healer if the chapters were done or close to done they would have been posted in the Infinite X developers page. There are a few there but not all. Have you contacted Josh directly? Have you contacted anyone who's had a hand in development directly? Have you filled out the consumer complaint? @Shimbo I don't think that is true since other posted previews show evolution of the work from the time of the bata. Did he over stat what he had accomplished? I would say that is very likely. But even if I am wrong it doesn't change the fact that for those of us that would like to fan complete this project need Josh to change the licence to CC or something like that to do so. As far as precedent is concerned Kickstarter themselves have already set that. This is not the first spectacular flame out. It is not even the first large RPG failure. Go look at the "They Became Flesh" campaign. In that one the writer has continued working in RPG's and even has given talks since about how to create your game. Kickstarter did nothing despite all the filed complaints. I was one of the few that actually got there pledge rewards but because some of us received rewards and others did not but she keep promising them litigation was problematic. In fact this would be a bad test case as Josh has admitted failure something never done by creators. To go further with this we should not have to litigate Kickstarter should do it for us as the contract to be a creator clearly says he must produce the rewards or refund. Actually come to think of it maybe we should be reporting it to Kickstarter as this is a first to my knowledge a creator that admitted the projects over. Now they must enforce there policy and that would be a precedent. Something to think about. Did you know that snake oil may actually have pretty useful medical uses after all?! Would fill in the WA form but not even in the US so not valid :-( I dont think he has anything beyond the beta. Compare update 66 to update 83 and read between the lines on this one. If we let a person slide after essentially squandering $43k because we dont want to hurt them, this sets a precident to other Kickstarter snake oil salesman that they will be allowed to get off scott-free. I get that most of you want to be considerate of Joshs family but at the same time he was never consderate of us. Fill out the WA state AG form and lets see were this goes. I think we need to set a precident to other Kickstarter project founders to think twice about the consequences of failing to deliver. one last option for those who want a printed product we could set up a print on demand with the files throw RPGnow It's not cost prohibitive and just involves editing the files to fit the POD standardized format. Again This is only an option if Josh releases the files to the community but I thought I would get that out there. @Benjamin I fully agree with you. The problem Is still Josh I have reached out to him in every way possibly with offers of help and resources and he just ignores them. If Josh dose not open a dialog with his backers those of us who would like to fan finish this project are stalled. If I may rant a little hear. I have been a small press publisher for 7 years. I work hard to satisfy my fan base and respond as quickly as possible to complaints or suggestions for my products. I have tried to be diplomatic to Josh and friendly but it angers me to no end that he just throw out an idea got a giant community by small pres standers right at the start. Now when he still has people like you, me and others offering solutions or help to finish the project he refuses to respond. @Josh grow up and open a dialog with the community you created. I would honestly pass out if I had half the community you do right here for a project. Its time for you to face the fire and not just make proclamations and run. There is not a small number of us that still want the project. Rant Over. On a more constructive note if we could get josh to at lest release the files as Benjamin suggests I would be willing to donate web space to help coordinated a community effort. I know someone has most likely mentioned it already - but couldn't a PDF of the current Rulebook be shared - as it stands? then if in the future a version0.2 gets funded those that backed get a printed copy then? yes I understand costs will be involved.. I cant see that many of us getting our money back otherwise on the current situation... Okay. So I've stayed out of this until now, because frankly it is all a little depressing. The fact is, I sincerely doubt that legal action is going to do any real good here. Sure people may eventually get some portion of their money back, perhaps all of it, but given Joshua's current financial position, assuming we have an honest portrayal, it is unlikely anyone will see much of their money back anytime soon. All we end up doing is screwing over Joshua's life even more. Call me weird, but me loosing couple of hundred bucks, is not sufficient cause for me to want to really destroy a families lives, and that is what we would likely be doing by suing. I also don't see suing getting us any closer to seeing Quantum as a finished game, and I still want to see that. So here is my proposal. We get together as many of us as we can, and we agree to forgive the debt, on the condition that everything Quantum related is put out under a CC Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International. That way we get to use what there is, in our own hacks of the setting or system as is; we are free to complete what exists there, we are free to do with it, almost as we please. What about moral hazard? Well, frankly, Joshua is already paying the price. Would any of you employ him in a project management position? Back a future project by him? Do you think he will find work in the RPG industry any time soon? Without significant efforts on his part, he will continue to pay the price of this project for years to come. Reputation, it kinda matters. So, lets try, as a group, to do something to turn this around, and make something constructive out of it. Just completed the WA AG complaint form and suggest every other backer do the same. I enjoy Kickstarter and appreciate the creative people that deliver on their great projects which is why I feel we must hold people like Josh accountable for their wrongful deeds. In my opinion its pretty moronic to place blame for project failure on an artist he commissioned himself and failed to manage properly. In any event that is Josh's issue not an issue for the backers. The "LLC is dead" I can walk away free of care line is pure non-sense. The best course of action is to first get the WA AG to take this case up and pending that result decide how to proceed with any civil remedies. Frankly, after reading Josh's update from yesterday I am tempted to pursue this case myself as a pastime. A few months back in PM I offered to help him find a publisher and possibly mitigate his legal liability but received no reply. Josh strikes me as the kind of guy who fails to take sound advice. Sorry guys, I think I wasn't very clear to what I meant: By "originals" I mean the hand-made illustration, which is a letter-size bond paper sheet with a pencil illo, NOT the actual illo digital and it's IP. These are my own and I'm free to sell or give them away, thou that does not iclude and publishing rights. Of course IXS owns all the rights to the artwork it paid for and I'm not comercializing any of it. Some of the art that was not paid for and I'm calling it "fan artwork", because obviously it won't be "official" artwork and it's owned by fans. This is the art that I'll be happy to grant to any future Fan work if it ever get released as such. My apologies for this BIG misunderstanding, I'm not a native speaker and somethimes I don't actually express exatly what I mean. Well stated, @The_Healer. I too had a sick feeling when I read @Hugo's most recent posts. Thank you for your candor. Sorry, but I was writing in anger and forgot to mention that the open source for the digital files is cool of you and will hopefully be useful if a fan project can ever be started. Something I am increasing starting to doubt. It still angers me you would sell the originals to us and I still do not think you are blameless in this projects failing. Wow @Hugo that is dirty Pool sir and shows me the content of your character. Your last post makes me more inclined to believe Josh. I have Ignored Hugo until now not wanting to start a fight but for all you calling Josh a coward and a scam artist. Regardless of how much he protests that Josh could have found another artist the truth is the project was at lest partially sold on the power of his art. Josh also paid Hugo 50% of Hugo's fee up front. Josh is not blame less here as these are both rookery publisher mistakes. A hole book is far to much for most artists but they won't tell you that and all artists will try to bilk you out of as much cash up front as possible knowing it limits your recourse. These two facts limit Joshes ability to look for additional artists as allot of money was already spent on Hugo and a different artists style could upset the backers. Add to this that Josh appears to be very gullible and I am inclined to take his word for it that Hugo strung him along with promises of work never done. Second everyone has the torches and pitch forks out for Josh for taking our money and not delivering a promised product meanwhile Hugo has played the victim and been complemented on his art by the same people even throw he also took our money and did not complete his contract. To top it off he now has the unmitigated gall to return to the community he ripped off and try to sell us the art whose license is dubious at best. Sorry, but this is a classic scam Hugo promised work he never did and took our money. When the project staled he played the victim throwing Josh under the bus before Josh throw him there (both of them are wrong for this). And now he is using that sympathy to bilk more money from us. Yes, Hugo Josh is wrong for blaming you especially when his own graphics prove the writing wasn't done and awaiting art. But you took our money, acted like a victim and are now asking for more cash for work you may not own. This angers me more than Josh acting like a child and passing the buck. Hugo. If any of that "fan art" was actually paid for by Joshua you really should send it to him, to remove any legal mess. If he paid for it it's still his even if the project has failed. Hey guys! from now and on I'll be posting (very little) ONLY as a BACKER. I wanted to tell you that I have a ton of "fan art" (to give it a name) that I own the IP and I'd like to share with you if this project ever goes into fan mode. Stuff like an illo of dragon attacking a ship and a HUGE city map. Some of this art has IP from a defunct company, and in the mean time I figure out what happens to such IP, if we ever use this as fan stuff, we will have to remove the specific bits that could be identified as such (which is very little) to use it without breaking any laws. So! Feel free to contact me if you want to use it in the future. It's very likely that I'll make all of my "fan art" Open Source, which means that almost every one can use it freely. Also, I'll be throwing a "garage sale" this weekend for the original pencil sketches of my "fan art" and the art officially made for this project, including a couple A3 originals of the dragon and ship illo and the city map. I know this art it's kinda jinxed but I hope it has some value for whatever "coolness" they still may have or simply in case you wanted to have a physical piece of RPG history. If you want any further details, you know were to find me ;) (see two post below). Cheers! @ Chris Lewis - yes the text messages I received from Josh were completely covered in his recent update. I don't think I need to elaborate any further so I'm just reposting my comment on update #83 and adding a bit more. I'll keep this as short as I can. First, a big apology to backers who may feel aggravated by my work in here. If anyone needs to contact me for further comments, you can find me on deviantart<url>–reasonable ways an artist can truly wreck an RPG project are: A. If the product was Press-Ready (all written, edited and laid out) and its left waiting for the artwork to be dropped in. -Not the case, as you all are aware on IXS's last post on September 2013, the product was not yet finished, not even 100% written, let alone edited or laid out. B. If a BIG chunk (30% or 50%+) of the funds was used to pay upfront for the artwork, and thus leaving Infinite X Studio without any budget to pay for art from another source and on a dead-set position to demand such artwork from the upfront paid artist. -Not the case either. You are owed the info that less than 5% of the total funds raised on the campaign was actually used to pay for artwork, and that some of the artwork that was delivered was not paid for. C- If there is an exclusivity contract under which only one artist could do the artwork for this game, then rendering Infinite X studio helpless to find another artistic solution, leaving IXS at the mercy of said artist. -We did not have such contract. If I’m missing another important way, please do share. Third, this is my final post as a freelancer hired by IXS, since I just found out that IXS was no more. Thank you guys for the good part of the ride and I hope we all can eventually make of this a positive live and learn experience. Paul, is what Josh told you by text massively different to update 83? Thanks for helping push this along Paul. You were very instrumental in getting this final update from Josh. For those really serious in attempting recovery here is the website for small claims court in WA state. This is mainly for the residents for the state as flying / driving to the place for what is owed is just not cost effective. <url>#83. I think it was poor form on how that update was done Josh. It seems like in the other updates that most of artwork was done. Granted I will say the poster map was a real issue as it is used as promotional item in the rewards section. You have now declared the project dead. See your update #61, I now request a refund for $1,006.00 USD. So if people want to send the complaint go for it. Hey guys, in case yoiu are interested, I just posted a bit in the last Update. I also listed a couple places we you can find me, if you need to. @Mark Sweetman -- that does kind of put the recent update in perspective, doesn't it? I will lay the damn thing out myself if that's what it takes. I, for one, don't care about the art. If the words are done, I'd like them. That's all I've ever wanted. I'd suggest reading update 66: <url>"better perfect than flawed" or "I'll wait years for a perfect product over a product full of mistakes" rather than putting him on the spot. If Josh seriously comes back to this project he needs to be able to communicate like a grown up and take responsibility for this projects failings and make every attempt to try and make things right. Well Josh has a day left from the week I told him I would wait. I will txt him one more time as a reminder later today but monday night (10PM EST) I will share what little I do know. I was hoping he would post by now. <url>"sour" souvenir? I have a ton of artwork lying around that won't get much appreciation anymore and I wouldn't mind giving some of it it away to someone who invested so much in this project... I kinda feel guilty about having promoted Quantum so bad to end up beign left in the dark. We should make t-shirt with "I joined Quantum and all I got was this lousy T-shirt" and wear them with "pride" at Cons :D Josh took a job at dick sporting goods once the cash ran out from what I have gathered from multiple sources. The number I found for him matches the one i posted earlier that was found on his photography website. I believe that Josh is screening calls / txt messages as "assume" financial difficulties have set in. I done the Washington complaint form and kickstarter. Called and txt'ed Josh. At this point I have can do is legal stuff and even as a 1000$ backer I can't justify the cost as I am now a father of three from when this kickstarter occurred. At this point I am writing this off and if and when josh attempts to come out if hiding we will just need to remind him of his past and complain loudly. @Shimbo You are right I have not filled out a complaint with Kickstarter. My primary tactic has been to repeatedly e-mail josh at all known addresses. I have ignored the Kickstarter complaint because my experience on projects where there was much more money and there was more backers has proved that this is a dead end. As Josh is not likely to try to use Kickstarter again there is little they can threaten him with as they seamed unwilling to litigate on there dime. If I am wrong and you got a more positive response from KS tell me and I will consider filling out the complaint. Yes I did call but as the mail box is to a non personalized phone I did not leave a message. Can we confirm that this is still his active number? I do not want to load some poor guys inbox with messages if he is not Josh. I also agree with @Raphael at this point this project has consumed to much of my time and energy. In the grand scheme of things I have lost very little compared to some other flame outs I have been a backer on and will waste no more money and very little more time on this. I will likely send one more volley of e-mail this week and if we can confirm the phone is his or that at least messages sent to it are looked at I may try another call or text. But I think I will just go back to occasionally checking to see if Anything has changed. One last question at some point in the past a backer pointed out that all activity by Josh appeared to stop at once on both Infinite X and his personal pages. The backer had asked if maybe something had happened to Josh. I did not think to hard about it at the time but the last update in Sep did say he was back to regular updates and then radio silence. Do we know if Josh is still active in the biasness? Can we confer nothing bad happened to him that has consumed his life and distracted or prevented him from finishing? Just a question it is just as likely at this point the silence is to avoid backers but I though I would ask. These are all weak excuses. How long does it take to fill out a consumer complaint form or to give the guy a call asking him whats going on? Money is money and a promise is a promise. @Raphael I don't like the "Give your money to a shyster and walk away" approach no matter what the amount. @The_Healer did you fill out the consumer complaint? As far as I know it was myself and one other. Have you tried calling? As far as I know it was myself and one other. You talk a big game but haven't done anything to get this guy to come out of the shadows. You seem to be the resident expert of this stuff but have taken a very hands off "kill him with kindness" approach, its time to put up or shut up. @Shimbo I backed for less than $50. Even reading the comments here and in the forums has taken more time=money than that; actually taking action would even more. Even people who have backed with a couple of hundred dollars need to weigh expected profit vs cost of any action taken. I don't think the numbers favor taking action. So please understand if only a few folks will invest significant time on this issue. @Shimbo don't get me wrong because of my peaceful approach. I am not a fan boy of Josh. In fact I as a small press publisher he falls into a new group of writers that have decided that they know enough about the industry to become publishers apparently without doing any prep work and just starting a Kickstarter. It makes me mad because there flame outs reflect bad on the rest of us and adds to this opinion that small press people don't care about there fans. That said there is very little chance that we will be able to reclaim any money from this debacle. As I stated earlier Kickstarteres terms of use allow a creator to just claim the project is not dead and doge the refund clause. To add to this even is Josh admitted the project was dead (like if the company folded as some earlier posts have implied) as creditors we would only be entitled to be paid back from the assets of the company. Which unless Josh did something horribly wrong when he set up his company is likely an unfinished PDF and some art as the company has no other catalog and likely has no physical assets short of maybe 1 lap top. However, The PDF of Quantum, any art and the trademark are assets granted not likely to have a high value unless another company shows interest in acquiring it. What drew me into this conversation in the first place was a discussion of potential of having the backer community finish the project. This is a real possibility if people where wiling to undergo litigation to secure the rights. Alternately with the rights secured the community could shop the product to other publishers to finish. This will however cost more in legal fees. This is why I was trying to voluntarily get josh to come back as I have no interest in spending more money on this product. I was hoping we could re-engage Josh and possibly as a group finish the project and at least gat a PDF out of this. I was thinking about this lately and we haven't tried a letter writing campaign yet. I have personally emailed Josh about an update at both Infinite X and his Facebook. I did not get a response but maybe if we all fill his inbox with letters all requesting an updated PDF and project status we can draw him out. I called a couple of times yesterday and sent him a text today, no response to any of them. Its sad to see this guy blow through $43K of people's money and only a small handful of people are actually concerned. Of those people an even smaller number are actually willing to do something about it. Txt message was never read. I sent a text message which has yet to be read. I don't expect a refund at this point, but I think we all deserve to know what happened. Why did this project fail? Was it logistics, or delivery? To be honest, writing an RPG is hard work, BUT I don't think its impossible. People do this every day. Small publishers are all over the place producing products like this. They have been since early, early on. Many of those publishers are one person shops. This was my very first kickstarter, and is the only one that hasn't delivered at all. I have had a few not spectacular results, but this is the only one that fell entirely flat. Called and the phone rang and rang the went to a unpersonalized message. I left a message asking for a refund, an updated beta, or a project. I then left my phone number asking him to call me back. I'll try again tomorrow. I encourage other to give him a call as well. Please, do let us know how this phone call goes. Josh expect a call tomorrow around 3:15pm PST. A quick google search for Josh address and phone comes up with this link which he posted himself. Granted it could be out of date. <url>"F"the positive atmosphere and fanboy politeness crap, when someone runs off with your money they are called a thief. He needs to man up and come clean with the backers and make things right, it's the adult thing to do. @Zach can you post a link to his address or post it for the world to see. I would like to write him a very strong worded letter asking for a refund or a product. We have the address he registered his business under and backers local to the Seattle area. Just saying. @Lawrence You are in fact right the official terms of use for KS says we are not investors (all my previous information came from KS peoples official statements at various CON's and that differs from the written statement on the page). I apologize for my misinformation it was a good faith error. However they do also state it is not a pre-order and hear is the rub to backers. The official terms of use state that the creator is only responsible for providing a refund if he can not provide the reward promised at your backing level. They also state that there is no time limit on when they can provide these rewards as est. delivery is just that and not a guarantee. This probably explains why stalled projects like this one or up front ether just disappear or fain constant forwarded movement. Since if you do not admit the project is dead you are protected by the terms of use. @Shimbo You are right I have no way of contacting him and getting a new Bata relies on Josh being a stand up guy which he has not proven to be. I just don't see any forward movement in the alternative of calling him a thief and venting ether (other then to relive stress). My Hope in trying to get people to ask Josh to produce a new Bata is to maybe change the atmosphere in this comment section. Since we know that Josh logs in occasionally I hoped a more positive atmosphere might get him to return and work on the project. I admit it is unlikely but so is recouping our money and I did really like the Bata. So, what can we really do? If we do have lawyers in the backer-pool, can those give us some constructive tips on how to proceed? I really hope that it is not ok in the US to just walk away with peoples money be it an investment or a preorder or whatever. So far, Josh "stole" our money! That surely is punishable, isn't it? Maybe if he is faced with a severe enough penalty he will get his things together. If we just all shut up and go away, he "wins". So let us make it as difficult as we can for him to just take our money and go away. I'm not a resident of the US of A (i live in europe) but if someone knows how i can support our cause to get our money back (or the product we were promised), please let me know. We are not investors. It's a pre-order. We can't be investors, as that would be a violation of securities laws, federal and state. NO PLEDGE YOU MAKE THROUGH KICKSTARTER IS AN INVESTMENT. We are also victims, either of Josh Frost's fraud or incompetence (or both). @The_Healer How do you propose to "call on Josh"? Do you have a phone number? If so I suggest you share it so I can give that thief a piece of my mind. Or maybe you have a Josh signal to flash up in the night, he'll probably ignore that like he has been ignoring everything else. You seem to have some smug notion that Josh will magically reappear and just give us "something". In fact the only person who would have a way to communicate with Josh would be Hugo, so I call on Hugo to give us Josh's phone number so we as investors can call him and demand our money or a product. Josh is a coward and a liar who squandered $42K and is hiding under a rock hoping this all goes away one day and the sad part is most people are content with losing their money. @ED I never said a judgment could not result in the copyright changing hands. In fact I know that can happen. What I said was that Josh did not have to file for Copyright that it is attached when the work is created. As such that Josh currently owns the copyright and would need to sell, voluntarily relinquish, or yes have a judgment remove it for us to use it. I don't know what type of law you practice so you may know more then me as I only know what the copyright lawyers and liability layers at my day job (not as a Publisher but as someone that often deals with copyright and investments) tell me. I will say that you are wrong about us not being investors however. KS plainly states that we are such and there is no guarantee that the products you back will ever be made. This is not a preorder service as most people seem to think. You are a limited liability investor signing the contract when you pledge of I will give you this much support and in return I will receive a payout in the form of rewards when you are successful. KS has been very upfront about this fact but no one seems to pay attention or care about these risks when they pledge. You are in fact right though that even on KS you can't just walk off with peoples money that is fraud. You can however take peoples money and try to produce a project spending the investment in the process and ultimately fail and loose the money. That is the risk of being an investor in a company or product. I will close by saying again that I feel the most productive curse of action would be to call on Josh to release the work to date in ether an updated bata or a semi-finished PDF so that backers get the most up to date version of the game. So somebody get something moving already? As a US lawyer I disagree with just about everything Healer said. A judgement against Josh / company could easily result in the plaintiffs owning the copyright and just about anything else the money was used to produce. We are not investors with Josh you can't simply walk away with people's money -- even on KS. So, did he give any sign of life outside of Kickstarter? Could he have died or something? His facebook fan page was not touched either since September. Well I just the report a project link on Kickstarter but I don't expect much there. Maybe start advertising how projects like shows how little kickstarter protects the donners? Aside from the hand full of people who filed a report with the WA State attorney general and those outside the US, why hasn't anyone else filed a report? If everyone one did the we could get things like a nearly finished PDF and maybe an explanation. I can't believe this guy got away with it; and Kickstarter continues to ignore reports on the project. What Paul said. @Joerg - at this point I doubt there is a penny left. There will be no refunds as Josh has run off and kickstarter staff don't do anything after a project starts. Even if you donated at the higher levels it would be hard to sue and recoup any $$$. So i guess this project is dead? Josh just dropped off the face of the earth with no correspondence whatsoever. I don't think we have to just accept that. How about we file a class action lawsuit? I admit i have no idea how that works in the US, but i'm sure we have some backers who could help. If Josh knows that the project is over, he could at least tell us. And refund us our money. No real harm done. But this behaviour? Not acceptable. "Also I would like to renew my call for Josh to produce an updated PDF with the changes to the system. I have enjoyed the bata and would just like to get as close to the final rules as possible. Ideally I would like a finished PDF of the rules even if it is missing some art." This. I don't believe he stole all 43k. There was work done for sure. Art was done and there was at least 2 staff members at some point. Blake and the lady who was doing the layouts towards the end. The writing , art, and other people labor is worth something to uses the funds we provided. Now how much was used for the game vs not the game? An audit would in question if this was fraud(criminal). I thought stealing close to $43k was a pretty big deal also. It isn't the fact the project failed. That us failed I knew it could happen and that was the risk. What has soured people is the fact Josh has just plain quit and quit the updates. It is a slap to the donors face. You know, I have always viewed kick starter as a calculated gamble. People Come through, sometimes no on our schedules though. I am thinking this project is, unfortunately, dead. It really sucks. But, blowing up will just force Josh away. I have to admit, I had totally forgotten about this project. Who knows, something may eventually give. @The_healer - I think you summed it up pretty good. @Josh - I agreed with The_healer, sent out what you have. At this point I don't care about the missing art or if the layout isn't perfect. I just want the update rule set. Ok so publisher and writer hear to clarify some tings @paul you do not have to file for copyright it is attached to any writing when it is produced. If you file that just tells the government that you have the copyright but it is not required. The strange nature of limited liability backers, which is what we are, also both protects us and Josh. In the case of us we cannot be sued as share holders in the company. However in Josh's case this also means we do not own any part of the company even the work we pledged for and thus Josh would have to sigh over his copyright to allow us to use his work. The Trademark on the name and logo is also similar to copyright but I believe must actively be in use or they expire in a set time unlike copyright which is life +70 before it ends. All this is just US law copyright varies wildly in other countries. I should also point out that as limited liability backers in a product there is very little recourse for us if the backed product never materializes or tanks. I know that people think Kickstarter is different but in truth backing a project is the same as if your friend had a start up and asked you to lone him some money under the terms that he would pay you back when the company starts to turn a profit. If you sign that contract and the company tanks you lose your investment. Short of outright fraud and this is not fraud as he made a good faith effort to produce the product getting as far as the bata there is no way to recoup your losses. Also I would like to renew my call for Josh to produce an updated PDF with the changes to the system. I have enjoyed the bata and would just like to get as close to the final rules as possible. Ideally I would like a finished PDF of the rules even if it is missing some art. Why would we do any of that? Well if Josh has submitted for copyright then this is a done deal unless he sells it <url>"it hasn't failed because I'm still working on it" pro favor? The attorney general needs to see that particular gem. Would love too but I'm one of those unwashed masses so can't :-( If people would just take a few minutes and fill out this form the Washington State Attorney General would bring up some fraud and grand theft charges. I only know of one other person and myself that actually took the time to fill this out. <url>"I will do my best to fulfill my promises, but in case I should fail there would be no refund. The money would have been spent on the project (yes, including my own rent) with nothing left. That is not to say that if I realise it's not going to work early on, partial refunds may happen." Actually, this is how I have always understood Kickstarter, assuming an honest project owner. Of course, it's not really possible to distinguish them from frauds. As a small press publisher myself I know how daunting this process can be. I have allot of patience for those that attempt to make a go of publishing there ideas. I also understand the risks that come with being a financial backer. But what is killing me is that there is apparently a much improved version of the rules out there that I may never see. Even if you can't finish the project as stated an updated Bata document would make me happy. I know I am not the norm but I do hope that this project dose get a finalized PDF even if it can't get printed. Chris Snyder: I don't think experience in the RPG industry counts for much unless you have been on the business end of actually publishing something. The other projects I have backed by individuals that have self-published before Kickstarter existed(MC being one) were hugely successful and on time. I think there is a big disconnect between, 'hey I can write that' and costs to publish said written work. It never seems to be the creative side, but the getting it coherent and on useful paper where it falls down. Given that, I backed this project heavy because I was captured by the idea and Josh's other work. Even at the beginning I was skeptical looking at such a low target to publish something of this size and it should have been a bigger red flag than it was. And I couldn't back the second city book, when it looked like the core book wasn't even breathing hard yet. From my perspective, It seemed like he was trying to raise additional funds to 'get over the hump' so to speak. I am disappointed. As one of the larger backers and a proponent of this project for a long time. I barely check back in on it and I think it might be my first post here. But anyone with access to boards could see that it was at least going to be late with the core rules changes that were going on(for the better). I would at least like to see a 'hey, I failed on this project and underestimated the scope.' kind of message at least. I guess I find the whole KS system disingenuous because it's designed to raise money to help you get a project done, but if it fails, you can't come out and say it failed because then you are obligated to send the money back to the funders which you don't have because you spent it on the project. And it's not like most of these have outside sales to be able to do that. The TOS almost forces Project leads to just 'drop off' and never come back to force actions by the funders(which most won't). Just a few more of my pennies for the fountain. Well...here is the deal. Suing for people outside of WA would be too problematic as one could only sue in small claims. I doubt that anyone would have the patience to coordinate an attempt to bring suit on behalf of all pledgers to meet the minimum jurisdictional threshold. Those pledgers in WA should consider bringing suit in small claims in WA. <url>"don't pledge, unless you're ok with getting scammed" mentality. He's not logged in since September. Kickstarter still doesn't give a darn about that either. That's great advice Josh Blick. This is my first and only Kickstarter and because of this experience I tell anyone thinking about backing a project to think twice. BUT just because a Kickstarter fails it doesn't mean that the backers don't have a legitimate right to complain and demand a refund. You may have backed some stinkers in the past and this might be a regular thing for you to experience failure and loose money on the risk, this doesn't mean that it's OK for the project creator to go silent and walk away with $42,747 of people's hard earned money. Shimbo Slice - I have filled out the paperwork. Well, there really shouldn't be any risk given that something needs to be produced or else a refunds issued. From further down the page: Ryan Jones on Dec 3 Kickstart lays everything out pretty plainly. "Is a creator legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project?Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. (This is what creators see before they launch.) We crafted these terms to create a legal requirement for creators to follow through on their projects, and to give backers a recourse if they don't. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill." Also "Creators have the ability to refund backers through Amazon Payments (for US projects) and Kickstarter (for non-US projects)." I love how you people are all up in arms. Its Kickstarter. If you can't handle the risk then don't pledge. Joshua, are you friendly enough with any game publishers so that one of them might give you a hug and help you sort this out? Send me a PM and I will try and help you. You guys could always fill out this form <url>"Boo" in months, I am afraid the time has come to admit that this project is not moving forward. It's time to refund the pledges. Paul, just stating the likely outcome of a successful civil law suit. Based on the KS Terms of Use and law it appears to me that the strongest claims of backers would be for the IP itself then of course other assets of InfiniteXstudio, etc. No less than 5 projects I have backed are in similar circumstances with backers threatening civil action or initiating criminal charges. I have worked with others to successfully create 2 KS projects with more to follow so I have been following the tax and legal liability aspects of KS pretty closely. Ed, I am just curious but why would Josh lose IP rights anyways? One of Josh's friends needs to get in touch with him and strongly suggest that he sell (give) the game to a publisher who can actually publish the game and deliver to backers. Otherwise he may end up losing the IP rights to the game anyway and suffering much personal financial heartache in a civil suit. If he's smart, and the game is any good, then he should be able to work something out to get the game published and himself off the hook legally and financially. Josh send me a PM and I will try and help you out. We are past the two year mark of project funding. Estimated delivery is April 2012 and that is about to be at the two year mark. I am ok with the lateness of the project for quality but what has bug me the most was lack of comms to the backers. At this point Josh needs to spill the beans on what the issues are. (I think funds and getting stuff to print is an issue but that is an uneducated guess) I have submitted an Washington State Attorney General's Consumer Complaint form because honestly at my pleage level it has lost value due to lack of interest. I had people and friends looking forward to playing but as time moved on interest has waned. I am going to get 8 books one day (Issues 1-8) and no idea what to do with 2-8. I still like the game. I like the concept. Attacking Josh isn't my goal here. But 4 months of no comminication and this late in the project has to be considering a FAILURE by the kickstarter standards. I still think that Josh will come through (some day...) even if only to deliver on his promise and to let Quantum follow the course he set it into with this long and silent wait. I'm still "defending" him because I am and had been at the same position, where I promise stuff and takes me literally years to deliver. My biggest mistake was to take more gigs than I had time to do in proper schedule, a error a repeated for several years... Fortunately, so far 98% of my commissioners are still with me (even those I've taken years to deliver). The key here is communication. I've been trying to contact Josh for a while with no success. I can't say more than that. I won't abandon this project and I still think Josh won't either. I want to think that he's setting his life in order and that he need to focus on that before going back to this project with a clear head and honor his promise. But I've already said all this before. We can do several things here: Approach this situation with legal anger and "hope" for a forced solution. Have some hopeful patience, or jsut continue with plain desinterest. On my part, I'll keep poking Josh until he's ready to continue or to find an alternate solution as many other dropped KS have. As had been said, it took Razor Coast some 3-4 years to materialize (and I had the pleasure of working on it! ;)), So I still hope that Quantum will get resurected. PS: I didn't feel my name was beign dragged through the mud in here... :S This is where Hugo needs to step in and fill that void. He has a direct line to Josh and can communicate the anger and frustration of the backers; Hugo is also a backer. Hugo is the principal artist and it would be in his best interest to see his work see published. I can only guess, but I think that Josh is not able to face his responsibilities regarding this kickstarter at the moment. I guess he is not able to either finish the project and/or has no funds left to print and ship the books. I do not think that he will appear anytime soon and face his responsibilities. We can only hope, that he has some friends an/or family who will eventually contact us 580 backers and tell us the truth about what will happen with this project. Does anybody of you know about the History of the D&D Book "Razor Coast"? The Creator took in lots of pre-orders and then took a stressfull job and the got severe depression. Years later a friend of his took over where he left and offered refunds for everyone who pre-ordered. Better still, Frog God Games realized the project via kickstarter. I am still angry with Josh for not communicating, but maybe he is not able to do it due to some Issues we do not know about. It's dead? It's a learning experience? Bullshit. We paid, he delivers. Product or refund I don't much care, but we're getting something. Wow Paul, how can you justify loosing $1000 to a "learning experience"? I have to admit at this point it doesn't matter as this game is pretty much dead now. I don't like my game rules heavy and filled a good spot for me. Alas getting the finished product does seem unlikely at this moment. I am a 1000$ Backer and other than to say I am disappointed about this result I do not plan to bash Josh. He made mistakes, I hope he learned and we all can move on. Is a creator legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project? Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. (This is what creators see before they launch.) We crafted these terms to create a legal requirement for creators to follow through on their projects, and to give backers a recourse if they don't. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. Last login Sep 29 2013. I can understand that when things go bad and go on longer and longer, it gets more and more difficult. But that is just… wow. Josh as an olive branch I am prepared to offer you any assistance I can (execpt financial and art) to help you along. Please email me and let me know how I can help get this book one step closer to peoples hands P.S. Forgive the spelling and grammer errors below. Right now it is apparent Josh is hiding hoping everything will quiet down and this will all go away. His career in the RPG business has been dealt a serious blow by his own hand, and his reputation as a Kickstarter project developer has been destroyed, again by his own hand. As of this point Josh's lack of communication is tantamount to project abandonment and enough to warrant calling this project a failure (i.e. not able or willing to deliver as promised) requiring a refund by Kickstraters own terms; it is also coming up on four months (over 90 days) with ZERO communication from Josh. At last communication Josh practically admitted that he ran out of the initial investment money to the point where he needed to get a job. Is this to fulfill his obligation to his backers, take care of his family (His wife was unemployed as well, not sure if she found work yet, again due to Josh's lack of communication)? Josh also admitted that Coleen was essentially working on the layout pro bono and that he was having issues with the art, whether it be Hugo's fault for that or not was vague, but he was looking to other sources (maybe pro bono as well). In previous posts Josh had mentioned other people as working with him on the project, but has not mentioned them sense. At this point Josh needs to man-up and come clean about whats going on, right now the only ones sticking up for him are the sycophants who are so desperately trying to hold on to Josh's dream. My conjecture is pure speculation and could be easily cleared up with a simple communication from Josh; even if it is to tell me to STFU. That being said, as an adult Joshua Frost you need to make every faithful attempt to fulfill your financial obligation to your backers and ask for forgiveness. I'm pretty certain that you are reading every single post, and as an adult you need to communicate like a gown up what is going on rather than hiding in the shadows waiting for everything to go away. You are financially liable for all $42,747 and are legally bound to deliver what you promised or give it all back. This money was not given to you out of charity but to help you see your dream become a reality. Josh be a man and come clean. Hugo Solis as the primary artist for the Quantum Role Playing Game and a backer you have a part in this as well. In an attempt to prevent your name from getting dragged through the mud any more than it already has it is in your best interest and the interest of seeing you work published that you should use your direct line to Josh and urge him to come out of hiding and come clean to this projects supporters. "I think his BIG mistake is subscribing to the notion that he didn't need a schedule" ---- His biggest mistake is believing that he had to start a full fledged business to publish this book. I have experience in self publishing, including what it takes to get a book formatted and so forth. He put the cart before the horse, he spent money he didn't have that didn't go toward the goal of getting the game published. Hence, he has no business, we have no communication, and will never see the game. Even if he gets the game out, his credibility is ruined and this will be a novel item that will wind up sitting on shelves or being put in the trash. There wont be any material to follow it with so what's the point. He needs to just come right out and say he can't do it and just get it over with. I really don't care anymore if I get his product or my money back. In truth, I feel sorry for the guy for not having the wisdom to properly consult others in making this happen. Again, his biggest mistake was in believing his 42k in funding created a case to setup a full fledged business. That wasn't the case at all and he should have been able to figure that out in the first place. So, at this point in the lifecycle of Quantum RPG and Infinite X Studio, is it fair to say that this vaporware RPG has become depreciated by the combination of Numenera + Strange, both from Monte Cook Games? It seems that whatever sci-fi based role-playing Josh had planned in Quantum has been adequately fulfilled by Monte and crew, especially in light of all the positive attention Numenera has been receiving since it's release. What incentive does Josh have at this point to release Quantum, other than a sense of obligation to the backers who paid for this project? And I question how strong of an obligation this is for Josh, given the lack of any communication regarding Quantum or real life issues that have caused the catastrophic setbacks with Quantum? Much like Nick Logue's Razor Coast, the only way I see Quantum becoming a real product is if Josh cuts his losses and finds another RPG company to pick up the scattered pieces and put it back together for production/distribution. I suspect, however, that is a very unlikely scenario, again due to Numenera and Strange. Thus, much like the owner who slowly loses hope that the runaway dog will return, I suspect we will eventually accept the fact that this dog is never to return and eventually wax poetic about the one that got away: Quantum RPG. I think his BIG mistake is subscribing to the notion that he didn't need a schedule, and he'd release it "when it was perfect". That is asinine, and is usually reason #1 that projects fail. Mistake #2 has been inconsistent, unrealistic and (sometimes) outright untruthful communication. Not communicating is certainly an issue (and the current one), but so is setting unrealistic expectations, promising things not delivered, and outright lies. When backing, I thought Josh was a better person than he has demonstrated. Live and learn. Its funny reading all of these excuses for a man who can't give a quick update for himself. The lack of communication has only made things worse. Speaking 100% as a backer (which I am too), I don't think Josh "doesn't care" for his project or its backers. I think his one BIG mistake is the lack of communication with his backers. Right now I suppose he's trying to get his life back on tracks with his new job and then follow with this project's obligations, after all, I think we'd all put our family's well beign first. I'm do believe that he will honor his obligations to this project even if it takes another year... (which I hope it doesn't!), thou by then maybe most of us will lose most interest on it, and I'm pretty sure he's aware of it, so I suppose that he must be taking care of his family which would be the one thing more important than this. This is the way I think and feel about this, mostly because I've been (am!) in this kind of situations and is terribly stressing to have people after you because you owe them work, specially when you WANT to fullfil your duties to them AND keep your family afloat. My own personal two cents There has been one Kickstarter that folded from another company. From what I read from September's update the book should be close to done. I would like a more recent update. I don't see that as "obvious." Josh hasn't updated. That's the truth. The reasons for that, and in particular whether he "cares" or not are up to each of us to judge. (He may be overwhelmed and stressed. That's different from not caring about any of us.) . If Josh has been working on this project over the last couple months, I'd like to know. If Colleen's been working on layout, I'd like to know. If there's something that we can do to help him get out of Writer's Block or some other unhealthy mind-space, I'd like to know. To cite a similar situation from a couple years' ago, Razor Coast eventually came to publication, but it needed Nic Logue to get through a bad spot, and he needed help getting there. If the ideal is to pile on Josh, party on. If the ideal is to get through this towards a successful KickStarter, I want to know what the current situation is, and what needs to happen. What exactly are you hoping for Chris? It should be obvious by now that Josh doesn't care about this project and cares even less for its backers. Have you filled this out yet? <url>’s Office. Consumer complaints provide valuable information that our office uses to identify patterns of unfair or deceptive trade practices that may warrant enforcement of the Consumer Protection Act. The complaint you submitted to our office regarding Kickstarter was reviewed and determined to be appropriate for the informal complaint resolution services offered by our Consumer Resource Center and has been assigned to me for processing. This is an informal, voluntary process. Our office acts as a neutral party to facilitate communication between consumers and businesses to assist in resolving the complaint. We are prohibited by Washington State law from providing legal advice or representing either party. Following is information about our informal complaint resolution process. Informal Complaint Resolution Process The process takes approximately 4-6 weeks to complete. A copy of your complaint is sent to the business(es) with a request to provide our office with a response within 21 calendar days. If a response is received, you will be notified and a copy of the response will be provided to you. If our office has not received a response from the business(es) within 14 calendar days, a courtesy reminder will be sent to the business(es) reminding them that their response is due within the next 7 calendar days. If the business(es) do not respond to our request, our office cannot compel the business(es) to respond. If the business does not respond or does not resolve your complaint to your satisfaction If the business(es) do not respond, or your complaint is not resolved through our informal complaint resolution service, your complaint will be closed. However, you will be notified of additional options and resources that may be available to assist you in the event you wish to pursue the matter further.] It might not be much but it is something. I encourage everyone to fill out this form no matter how much you've lost. <url>"nearly completed" project to finish and go to print. The time and money invested in this project has been squandered and misappropriated to the point where even if the book is finished there won't be enough money to print it at the promised levels. The lack of solid communication has shown that this project has been abandoned. Some people may be out a dollar and some may be out thousands of dollars, all put into a product that was supposed to be finished in April of 2012 and then Summer of 2012, and then who knows from there. All of these empty promises, lack of communication, and poor stewardship of others money is disrespectful to investors and is enough to warrant legal action. I encourage all backers who backed this project at any level to visit <url>"regular" updates, only to go quiet again? This time he hasn't even logged into Kickstarter in over 2 months. Is it ... the failure to keep his promises? That all his estimates are total crap? That there has been virtually no progress since summer? Is it ... the fact that nearly a year ago he claimed he was still "willing and able" to deliver this project, rebuffing requests for refunds, publicly wagging his fingers at the two backers who wanted refunds. (Funny that, seems there are more of us now. Perhaps us early naysayers were simply prophetic.) I'm honestly curious why anyone would have any faith in Josh. I get that he's not at Far West or Anvils and Axes ... yet. But he's most certainly on the way. What makes him different than either of those? I believe that Joshua is still committed to making a good faith attempt to finish this and that it isn't a scam. It has become apparent that it's not running as smoothly as he would have hoped and that things have gone wrong. That being said even based off his last update I think he still intends to make the attempt to deliver the product. That being said, he really does need to communicate with the backers. Even if it's delayed some communication will give everyone more faith in the project than just ignoring things, as long as he doesn't make ridiculous promises (see Far West for a project where the promises are getting beyond a joke.) Darren, thanks for sharing the link. I hope it doesn't come to legal action, but I agree about January 1st being over the line. The silence and empty promises on Josh's part are extremely disrespectful to the people who funded his project. Obviously Josh isn't taking this seriously and in a childish way is trying to back out of his obligation to produce a product that has been bought and paid for by quite a lot of people. The questions that need to be answered are 1) Will there be money to fulfill the obligation of sending backers at minimum 2 hardcover books? 2) If not how will Josh refund the money to backers, which he is obligated to do if he can't complete this project? 3)How will failure to deliver stretch goals work in terms of refunds? 4) Why hasn't Josh offered refunds to those who have asked? 5) Why on Earth would someone so behind on delivering a product solicit a follow up project, before the first is even delivered? 6) Is this some sort of Ponzi scheme? I personally plan on filing a complaint with the state of Washington come January 1st 2014 if sufficient progress hasn't been made. I encourage others to do so as well. I have posted a link in the comments of update 82 from 2 months ago. Kickstart lays everything out pretty plainly. "Is a creator legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project?Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. (This is what creators see before they launch.) We crafted these terms to create a legal requirement for creators to follow through on their projects, and to give backers a recourse if they don't. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill." Also "Creators have the ability to refund backers through Amazon Payments (for US projects) and Kickstarter (for non-US projects)." Happy two months since the last time Josh logged in! Also, Happy Day-After-Thanksgiving. Hopefully no one got crushed in a crowd or shot at a Walmart or anything. On another note, I love the "Kickstarter is a investment" fairy tale. What a load of crap. While some Kickstarters are more patronage than anything else (I backed a local store opening its brick and mortar location, for example), I treat most projects in the gaming space as storefronts - because that is exactly how their creators treat them. Duh. Kickstarter is not an investment. You aren't investing. They aren't allowed to sell investments in this manner. It would be illegal. What you did as a backer is pay money in exchange for the promise of the delivery of a product. That's a contract. The risk is that Joshua Frost will breach the contract. It certainly seems at this point that he has. You have the legal right to get your money back or demand delivery of the item. Joshua just knows that you aren't likely to pursue that legal right because it would cost more than the item you pre-purchased. That's how Kickstarter scams work, folks! Kickstarter is an investment in a potential future. It's just like any other business investment. Sometimes you win, and win big, other times you lose. We should only be spending on a KickStarter what we are willing to lose. Too many people treat this like a pre-order system which it is not. I would love to see Quantum ship, but I have many doubts at this point. Am I sad and frustrated? Sure. Am I giving up on kickstarter? No way. It's always a risk, one that has paid off in full many times on other projects. This was one of my first projects I've backed and since then I've learned a lot. Best wishes to Josh and the other team members involved in this game. I hope someday that it will release. If not then it's not the end of the world. Hi, Hugo. Thanks for checking in. I'm still looking forward to this product. I'm sure you and Josh want the albatross off your back. Can you give us any insight about what has to happen, in order for those goals to be met? Lou A. got the manuscript for "Razor Coast" back on its feet. I'm imagining that something similar could happen with the Quantum RPG? I come in here at least once a week to check on "the mood", I haven't abandoned this project neither as a fan nor as an artist. I'm not involved beyond my contract as an artist and for obvious reasons I can only speak as a fan, and I still holding to the idea that this project will get finished, there's too much money and effort pour into it to be abbandoned. @Daniel: I do want to goad Josh. I come here to vent some of my anger for this kickstarter failure. That's what I'd like to think, Raphael. This still has more than the ability to be a success for Infinite X Studio. With Turkey Day coming up, all we can do is hope that the hours not spent on writing KS updates or comments went into finishing the book "in time". @Daniel - I wasn't crass with you. I was serious. Everyone was all kissy and nice with Josh early on, and obviously that didn't work out. So, what do you suggest? Josh's deadlines just like his promises mean nothing anymore. It even seems as though Hugo has quit the project without finishing his share. I'm sure there are still the sycophants that will wait until the end of the Earth for this game to come out because it "means a quality product". For those people, I've got some magic beans for you to invest in. I'm in this to see how the train wreck clears up. And being crass with Josh (who isn't even reading this) and now me, somehow is ok? I totally relate with you on feeling betrayed. I'm in that same boat after all this time. But getting pissed isn't going to help the issue. His last update stated that he planned to have it out of his hands by Thanksgiving. If we don't see it by January 1st, there may be a desire to file a business complaint with WA state, as that's happened with projects in *much* worse state than this one, which I backed. I don't feel bad about losing my $35 to this enough to pursue any financial action. However, I see that there's so many who have lost considerably more. That wouldn't settle well with me. Josh hasn't responded to anyone for what - 2 months? What do you suggest, then? A Christmas card? Flowers? A singing telegram? I totally understand Kristian's sentiment. No one should have to "goad" him into posting, but Josh apparently doesn't even have the moral fortitude to address his backers anymore. Kristian, if someone left me a message like that; I wouldn't respond to them either. Of course Josh has been way too silent for my taste... but goading him into talking isn't going to work. Let's face it: We will never see the final book in PDF or print. We will never see a single Dollar refund. We probably won't see an comment from Josh. Or am I wrong Josh? There's another similar, but much smaller kickstarter that went south recently; and the backers starting filing business complaints with the users home state. If this goes that way, Kickstarter would have to get involved with the process; as I'm sure most people used Amazon Payments to back the project. Well not to sure if we will ever see any thing from this but all my other kickstarters have worked out very well a pity about as originally it look a good concept. I wouldn't say Kickstarter ripoff, but rather, a complete mismanagement of funds couple with misrepresentation. This was the second of 4 and is the reason why I am no longer participating in Kickstarter. This project has a special place in my heart as my first Kickstarter rip-off. First of many. Since Josh isn't bothering to pop in here anymore (maybe he's given up on this, too?), here's a gem from the Archives. Exactly one year ago, Josh posted this: "At this point I have no idea what to say. The book is in progress. You have my apologies that it's late. There's nothing more to add than what I did above and what I said below. I appreciate that some of you feel like you paid for a book and got a beta PDF, but you're getting a book—when it's finished. The day I send the files off to the printer is the day I'll give everyone a release date." One year exactly. Pretty funny in retrospect, actually. :) He hasn't bothered to log into Kickstarter for a month. I'm deeply saddened by his choice to take this route. Shameful how our money was squandered with nothing but a PDF Beta to show for it. If I was the person who pledged $2500 I would have called a lawyer months ago. I don't know what you're expecting here. Josh hasn't logged in since his last update a month ago, when he said "I'm back to frequent updates again and I'm sorry for the lack of updates." Ummm ... what? I don't know why you'd be taking him at his word anymore. He might be a nice guy in real life, and he might be a good writer (I thought so - thats why I backed this), but as a project creator and a trustworthy source of information ... [shrug] This was the first project I backed on Kickstarter. Thankfully, the seven other ones that I have afterwards have all completed and I have received the product or actually is in shipment. I just want to get this project in hopes I can sell it to get my money back. I pledged the $42 level and I should be getting double. From one of the last updates I remember reading, it sounded like he was out of money and has to work multiple jobs to get by and was trying to find time to still work on this project. But, if he is out of money, how can he fulfil the rewards to anyone if he does finish the project? From Kickstarter site- "Who is responsible for fulfilling the promises of a project?It is the responsibility of the project creator to fulfill the promises of their project. Kickstarter reviews projects to ensure they do not violate the project guidelines, however Kickstarter does not investigate a creator's ability to complete their project. Creators are encouraged to share links to any websites that show work related to the project, or past projects. It's up to them to make the case for their project and their ability to complete it. Because projects are usually funded by the friends, fans, and communities around its creator, there are powerful social forces that keep creators accountable. The web is an excellent resource for learning about someone’s prior experience. If someone has no demonstrable prior history of doing something like their project, or is unwilling to share information, backers should consider that when weighing a pledge. If something sounds too good to be true, it very well may be." Almost a month since the last update with not a word about how this book is coming along. On the off chance that this book actually sees the light of day, I just hope he gives us the courtesy of a heads up before this thing is finished and ready to ship so those of us who have changed addresses can update our shipping information. Heh, Quantum getting special notice at RPG.net in their "Failstarter" thread: <url>"One & Done" kind of guy in the RPG industry. I got into the Kickstarter because of his previous work. If you requested a refund, well that's an entirely different animal. I have every reason to believe that he's still working on it and that we'll actually see the books. I just wish I knew what has taken so long, when he had a headstart on so many other Science Fiction or Science Fantasy rpg supplements that either released, or will be out quite soon. Yeah, Joao. Sheesh. I mean, it's not like you paid money or anything. It's not like Josh has stopped updating regularly or anything (again). Its not like the project is around 18 months late (from the initial date) or 12 months late (from the "revised" date). Its not like you were denied a refund because Josh claims (despite all evidence to the contrary) that he's "willing and able" to provide the product he promised. Or maybe it is all that, and it isn't like we're ever actually gonna see this book. C'mon Josh Be a sport n give us an update! Kind of surprised he didn't pop in at least once this month. I was overly impatient about a year ago because I really wanted to play. That passed and it seemed like we were getting pretty straightforward updates. We're closing in on two years here since funding came in. I'm falling back into "what exactly has he been doing" mode. Josh, if you read these; you were ahead of the curve in Science Fantasy with Quantum, man. Now other projects that started AFTER you are already out, printed and in stores. I hope you and Quantum get going again, man. There was such promise in the system. I'd hate to see it fade before even being released. Geez, João, tone it done. There is absolutely nothing to gain from harrassing the guy here. From all I've read, I for one have every confidence that we will receive a well-made book (or two, for that matter). I don't know how Josh funds himself (job? --> delay inevitable) but I believe that this project matters to him. Will I still care when I receive Quantum, or will I just keep playing Numenera to satisfy my Science Fantasy wants? Don't know. We'll see then. Numenera sure sets a high bar; too bad, you had the headstart! I received my Trailblazer Teralogue three years after funding. Razor Coast took four. I'm not writing this off yet. Wow just realised we funded this 20 months ago! That's crazy. I have written off my pledge as I really don't believe we will get Quantum. Unless it `leaps` up from the grave. Hello!!! Knock knock, is anybody there? Where's my delayed and never to be played RPG book? Mr. Frost, please? Last update from Mr. Frost: "Breaking Bad Silence Bla bla bla, bla bla bla. I hope to put up a larger update next week showing some rules changes implemented during my work this last month. bla bla bla bla bla bla Next week I want to preview the new Archer along with possible builds. This will serve to both preview the rules changes and show off the new Archer." So, it's quite clear now (and again) that Mr. Frost simply does not respect his own schedule and commitments. I'm really tired of this Kickstarter... Some months ago I asked for a refund and all I got was a stupid update telling the backers to have patience, that KS only encourages refunds if the project surely will not happen. I don't believe this project will ever come to exist. But it seems I'm one of the only ones to believe so... If this project is delivered, I'll be getting two hardcover books and a map. I'll keep one of the books just to remind myself of this mess and never again to enter this sort of KS, but I'll probably just ritually destroy the other to vent my rage. Should I send you a copy of my will so you will know who to sent Quantum to when it's ready? Sorry, wrong link: <url>"side note", there's a lot of negative buzz going on here: [link]<url>"Will you be changing addresses between now and May? If so, please let me know here so I'm aware and can re-ask for your address when the Quantum Roleplaying Game releases. No Submitted: on December 30, 2011." Between December 2011 and May 2012 I did not change address, but I did change after that. Will another survey be submitted? That's awesome! Josh -- Will you be demoing QUANTUM at any conventions this summer? I'd like to point out that while Josh certainly went through a time that he didn't handle communicating with backers or forum fans well; he's been making regular updates here. Right now, I'm actually very happy now with both the quality and quantity of updates here. That's much more than some other Projects which I'm backing have been doing. Two great examples of how it could have went: I'm having to deal with one project misusing pledges on a different project (and their personal lifestyle); and another refusing to ship books that have been done for three months. I'm not defending Quantum or anything. However, I do think perspective's important. There's no point in feeling cheated when he's showing good will. Yes, the project's totally late. However, it's still being worked on, still being updated and at least now... every week we're getting closer and closer to a release. You bother because back in 2011 the creator made you believe in this project and now you feel cheated... because you put your money here and you got NADA in return so far... Just like I bother. It's all we can do. Who knows anymore. At this rate we won't see any final product until late 2015, if we're lucky. I don't even know why I still bother checking up on this project anymore. @Darren, are you talking about the missing Monday Update from last week, or the one from today that's likely to appear after Wednesday (I wish), showing that the book we backed in the end of 2011 is still more than 40% incomplete? How about that Monday Update? No updates this Monday (Friday)? I have to agree with João, it would be nice to get an update on the rough %age of the writing and artwork completed, even if not an ETA on the finished book. It would be really interesting to know how is the game progressing... It's good that we're getting updates, but they seem so lackluster in terms of contents. It's not that I do not like Hugo Solis' drawings, because I really do! But these updates just show that Hugo Solis is working and not Joshua Frost. Is Joshua Frost working? The update about the space program and interstellar exploration in the reald world was cool, Josh. Thank you. How's the game progressing? What's on deck for the next pass through development? It's Thursday and we don't have an update. Everything okay? Patience is a virtue. We'll all get what's coming to us eventually. :) All this energy, all this focus, all this attention to the comments board when we had none in the recent past, a brand new update in the middle of the week, full of content, full of analysis. Okay, so no refund to me, but at least I know I stoked up a fire... that was worth it. ;-) I really don't understand the issue here. Creating a game from scratch takes time, getting the text, the layout and the printing takes time. Producing the art takes time. If you don't have the stomach to wait an indeterminate period of time, why are you here on Kickstarter? If you don't have the stomach to get nothing back because the project fails, why are you here on Kickstarter? Hello Joshua, Can we discuss a way to refund some of your backers that are not interested in the project anymore, please? Thanks! João Flávio Well as I mentioned before, this has gone beyond the realms of me being remotely interested anymore. I asked for a refund & get zero response on here on via messaging Josh, nice going mate! Now the forums are down too... Great customer service..lol I've backed 28 projects..this is by far the worst for all the worst reasons Hehe, good one Chris, maybe I should do the same. Okay, thanks. Let´s wait and hope. João, Josh has promised it as quickly as possible, and he's learned not to promise a release date. It will come as soon as it can, and it will be super-awesome. (Having said that, it *is* in my will, as to which heir will receive my copy, should I pass from this world before the book ships.) The big question is, when will we get the book? Infinite X forums down, and the guaranteed Monday update moved to Tuesday still isn't up on Wednesday. This is a good sign right? I'm starting to look forward to Quantum Mondays These new Paradigms sound fun and the idea of an immortal automaton is interesting to say the least. Good update. Thank you for the update Josh! I look forward to Monday. Yep, if you stop the updates it sudenly looks like vaporware. Below are already some who ask for a refund. I really can not understand why thos project managers stop to communicate with the backers. I know my address has changed between now and the time the survey was sent. I'm sure others have as well, can we at least get a confirmation that a new survey will be sent to update this information when the delivery is near? I don't think KS has garnered a poor reputation, but it certainly has facilitated projects from people who probably wouldn't otherwise have been able to get projects funded and off the ground - likely because of scheduling and communication issues. :) My big issues, though, are with promises unmet. They Might Be Flesh has been like that (and worse). Until yesterday, the Mongoose KS was like that. (On IndieGoGo, consider most LotFP projects.) This one is certainly in that camp. Not even necessarily promises of product, but consider this: "Updates will get loud again." - November 12th. There have been, what - 2 updates since then? 1 per month? That is hardly "loud". Contrast to late projects that have been fully transparent - Better Angels, Tentacles and Eyeballs or Tales of a Fallen Empire (as examples). Go look at their updates and comments sections. I'm totally willing to give them passes, because they've been consistently engaged with their backers, which demonstrates (to me) that, you know, they care about their backers. And that is exactly the reason why Kickstarter has garnered such a negative reputation in gaming circles: 1) Project is waaaay to late 2) NO COMMUNICATION WITH THE BACKERS Josh, from your long experience you should now that communication is the most important thing! That is no way to treat us. And don't tell us some apologies about sickness, artists/frelancers leaving in a critical moment or some other often heard BS. Just tell us when this project will be finished and we will receive the book(s) or come clean and tell us this project won't be finished and refund the cash. Any chance at some sort of update? Would be nice to know how things are going. Well any sort of reply would be good! Even the forum has died it seems 8( @darren benford-brown, exactly the same happened to me... I never really looked into the beta files or whatever and my interest in the content and book simply disappeared... When this KS ended I was really excited, but that was more than one year ago... Any word on anything? Joshua I would like a refund please. My interest in the game has totally waned I'm afraid & it would only gather dust on a shelf now. I pledged at the $47 level international. This project is getting long in the tooth. Joshua, we rellay need some meaningful updates with some estimates when we will receive the book. Sooo..... progress? Hello Joshua. I was wondering if you could refund me my total pledge amount, please? Thank you in advance! Regards @Josh Blick. I know this isn't a store. A store has customers who get a product as soon as they give their money. We are not customers; we are INVESTORS. We are limited investors, and as such we expect a return on our investment. The expected and promised return is the product(s) listed at the reward level at which we pledged. We all saw our money disappear over a year ago and in return we have yet to see any indication as to when we will finally see a return on the investment we made. No, I will not stop using Kickstarter, because it has produced some of the best new products and works I have seen in a long time. However, I will continue to worry when I invest in a product, see my money taken, and then fail to see any real indication down the line that what I invested in is coming to fruition or when. Really silent... I woudn't call it loud ;-) It made some noise, but then it was silent again. Maybe it is for the best, maybe it is because the content is almost done... We can only hope. When will the updates get loud again? It might be asinine but it's the truth. Projects will be late. This is a brand new IP that is designed by one person. It doesn't matter if it's one year late I'll take a polished product over a piece of garbage. Quantum was the first thing I backed here on KS. Since then I've backed 40 other projects. Just about every single one has been late. So what they launched a second KS, it was a business decision. It failed to pan out so now they're changing the plan on what to do. But again, I reiterate...if you're going to worry don't use kickstarter. This is not a store. If your interested in the project just follow it and get the product when it releases. If you do that then there is no cause to worry. Well, to be honest, I just couldn't in good faith support a second project while this one was still outstanding. @Josh Blick - that is an asinine sentiment. When a project is (way) late like this, transparency is the key. I've noticed a number of projects that get later and later ... and quieter and quieter. Sadly, Frost & Co have fallen into this trap, and in fact have gotten fairly defensive and snippy, despite their mea culpa/move the cheese post in September (months after their project was due). Plus they launched a second KS before even fulfilling the first! I certainly pay attention to details like that and file them away for future use, and this will most certainly be the only time I support a project by these guys - and I've supported some 35+ projects. (And likely, unless Quantum really blows my socks off, won't ever buy anything from them, either.) Even for crowdfunding, customer service and PR matter. A lot. Okay, so we won't ask about the timeline or a delivery estimate anymore... But it would be nice to know how much of the final content is already done... 40%? 60%? How many chapters are ready? If you're worried then stop using kickstarter. Any news? No updates since September 27. Starting to get a little (read: a lot) worried here. So did the Beta get released as planned on the 15th? Great to see an update! Looking forward to the Beta! I really like what I have seen so far...but I'm pretty concerned that there is no longer a schedule, and a significant lack of communication. I would greatly prefer to have a schedule and have it missed than have no schedule at all. I think everyone is being patient and is willing to wait to make sure the product is the best it can be. Any further news? I understand a massive project like does take time, but I'm a little nervous that we haven't had any further updates since May. Even a short progress report would be welcome. I am really excited about Quantum and can't wait to bring it to my group. Further news? Sorry for being impatient. I Backed you because you have a great idea. I would rather wait for what you know is a finished beta, something you are happy with. I am patient brother Any updates? Any news? I wish I could have ponied up the extra $1500 for the box set as well. So when is the beta version supposed to be released? Congrats for the new logo. Let the epicness ensue Just picked up a used copy of Heroes Unlimited. Teaching my girlfriend how to play tabletop so shes ready for this when it releases. Cant wait! Cant wait to get a chance to look more into this and do some playtesting! Thank you Josh for creating a system that looks to be so amazing. here we go. I will be the first to ask...Are you done yet? ;-P woooooooo!!! Sad Panda. I tried changing my payment method and it removed my pledge :( I've re-pledged of course but I am really confused and hope I didn't manage to sign myself up twice. Funds came in early...Im now a $250 backer. Woot! Man I wish I could fork up another 1500 for the boxset but alas I can't do it. tic toc tic toc! Wish I could contribute more so I could be part of the dev boards.... The counter changed from days to hours! ALMOST TIME! Merry christmas everyone Super awesome to see that a person is taking a Boxed Set home! :D Im pretty stoked about this project and happy I backed it. Can't wait for the playtest. Santa's going to bring us a map. Woot!!! 36k$ reached. Next milestone? :) DING DING DING I's say maybe tomorrow :) So, waht's the next goal? :D From Josh Blick's post 3 days ago "Just need $1422 and 13 days left". At the time of writing, there are 10 days left and we need $532. Infinite X just gained $890 in 3 days O_o Decided to bump my pledge up to the next lvl. I really want that fancy map! Only $580 to go now. Also as to the prefab idea, I know if this system is half as awesome as it looks like it is going to be that I will have people wanting me to run it and I mostly use prefabs because of my work constraints and not really having time to do my own anymore unfortunately. So I would definately be in for buying prefabs, possibly even on a monthly subscription style like was mentioned. P.S. First time I have ever backed on kickstarter, never been a project that looked worth it to me before. Cant wait to see it Joshua. Just bumped up my pledge by $10 which I think is a good price for a fancy map. At this point, if every backer added just $1.30 to their pledge, we pass $36k for sure Just need $1422 and 13 days left. Just need about $100/day. Pass the word people! 15 days to go! Time to push it up :D My first pledge ever to kickstarter or other similar funding-sites. This sounds really cool. And as i'm a total map-addict, i really hope we reach the 36000$ . I posted something on my fb account, hopefully some of my rpg-friends will chip in ;) Looking forward to the game! Any idea when the pdf will go out to us pledgers? Or is the april delivery estimate for the pdf, and not the printed book? Well, I stumbled onto kickstarter somehow and this is the first thing I backed. Im not a very big tabletop player what-so-ever. Ive only played for a total of 10hrs. The games I played were D&D and Heroes Unlimited. With that being said I can say that Im very excited to try this game out. Ive been looking to get into some tabletop games (even purchased ~3kpts worth in WH40k from a friend). Ill be pushing some of my friends this to help reach that $36k goal! I do have a question. I live in Tacoma. Is there a way I can get into the playtesting? 18 days left... plenty of time to meet the $36000 goal. What's the goal after that? I'm have to agree with Josh on the "marginal" goal increase. Considering that the original goal was 13k, we've come a long way. I don't know what the Income Statement for Infinite X is going to look like, but I for one am in for the long haul. I'm definitely not a new player, but this is the first time in a long time that I've been interested in a system that wasn't 3.5 D&D. Josh, I hope that everything goes the way you're hoping. I'm looking forward to Quantum and everything else that we may see from Infinite X. I hope I'm not a worry wart here. Having seen the P20 project not get off its feet and the e20 System Evolved being more than a year in delay I'm hoping that we're not reaching for the stars. I trust Josh here, but Super Genius is an awesome company too. While their goal was higher and e20 a lot lower - are those factors that seem likely to help the overall health of the system? Is the system likely to be recognized well enough to pull in enough new and existing players? Is the system merely going to be a cannibalization of the industry or will it likely bring in new - non-PF/DD/M:tG type of players? I don't work at a game store - but one of things that I do see is that people that buy new games (and collect old ones) really aren't different. We'd still spend the money - it just makes a difference in the middle of which company makes a book and gets paid. Unless we're able to get total newbies into the hobby I worry about our future. Is the book going to be cool enough that I'll take it with me to the bar while I'm at an event? The SR4E 20Ann cover looks cool enough to attract a comment or two and has. What things are looked at when planning for the long term health of the company and its system? For the record, Butterfrog is a sweet selling point for art. That and I hope we make the next goal for the map. That reminds me - how can increasing your overhead with adding in a second book and potentially a map while only marginally increasing the need for backers? Thanks and I do hope my fears are unfounded. I'm up for a $5 sub for adventures. The logo is a bit off in my mind as well, I was unsure of the title until I read the title of the Kickstarter. Will we get an introductory adventure for play testing? I would like to have something that would run my players through all the aspects of the system so I could give the most complete feedback possible. Huzzah! Monday video? I want adventures. Also, I like the logo just fine. For the adventure subscription, I'm sure you could do both... Get a base of 100 people, but also make them for sale individually at a slightly higher price for everyone else. I agree with Kairam about the logo. I think it was a good logo to get the project started, but it does not hold up to the game's potential. Do not get me wrong. I understand all the thought that must have gone into it. I can see how the sphere is there and the electrons send the message that it is a sci-fi game while the castle and sword let you know that it is also a fantasy game. However, I think it is a little convoluted. I like the "Quantum" title that appears on the sphere schematics/map better. The writing looks elder and at the same time somewhat tech. Think about the possibility of changing the logo. Please improve the Quantum logo. It's a bit confusing and not appropriate to (not as good as) the ideas of the setting. I like the monthly adventure idea for $5. That ain't much for a short PDF adventure. Dominic, too bad a solid sphere can't do this. Even if it did, every point inside would essentially tumble, i.e. exert centripetal forces *horizontally*. People would fly around. So if "gravity" comes from spinning, you are right: you get lighter when going towards the poles. A monthly subscription is not for me as I don't expect to play Quantum that much. A shop were you can buy PDF/ePub adventures for 5$ (?) each would be great. I understand that this makes creating an adventure a risk, though. Maybe you can---after a successful lunch---create another kickstarter for an adventure package, delivered in the way that suits you best? I'd definitely be interested in an adventure subscription as you described it. How many backers would be interested in a monthly Quantum adventure subscription for around 5 dollars? Josh has said on the Infinite forums that he would need at least 100 subscribers to make it worth it. I know I would love to have a new adventure or two every month to just sit down and run. With work and family I pretty much only run published adventures now. Everyone who would be interested in the subscription make your voices heard either here or over on the Infinite forums. We have to let Josh know there are enough of us wanting it for him to push forward with the idea. Thanks! Theory that could most propably be invalidate by a specialist (or not so specialist), but that sound kind of logic in my own mind: In space, if you give a slow push on the dyson shell to make in turn on it's North-South axis, a light gravity will take place in the inside, but none on the North pole and the South pole. After, if you give a strong push on the East-West axis, the dyson shell will have two rotations axis and four poles. The gravity will be spread with more uniformity, except with a slight difference on the poles. Two of these "poles" (East-West) will not be fixed and will pass through the planet, causing two moving points of lower gravity and causing tides. To have 4 points of low gravity, you give another push on the dyson shell in another angle to have 3-axis rotation. With these 3 axis, it would be possible that 2 poles cross each others (or come near each other), causing higher tides. An picture is always more clear: <url>~5 euro for a basic set. So although there are a number of dice sizes, you only need 1 of each to start playing and all RPG hobby stores will sell the 7 dice sets - so it won't be difficult at all for people to pick up :) Looks great, looking forward to sifting through the hardcover! I am concerned about the number of different dice you'll need. Coming from a system that only uses d20 and d6 and knowing lots that use only d6, I think that a game that needs as many denominations as yours might be hard to play with beginners as they won't have all those dice and/or are not likely to buy a lot of dice before knowing the game. Note that D&D is not as ubiquitous in Germany as it is in the States, so I would not assume anybody to own all that dice even if they played RPG before. So let me make a proposal out of this concern: Can you add a "master table" that works with less sorts of dice, approximating the original stochastics? Maybe add special dice to your shipments as further overfunding rewards? I'l like to buy a normal print version of the game as well.. can you add an option for that please.. Extra beasst = extra juicy! Totally worth it. The BIG Boxed Set will have it printed in color ;) Is the 20 page pdf the only way to get monsters when the game comes out? Will there be monsters in the core book? I wish I could contribute more... but the times are what they are. I really wanted to show some kind of support for this since you guys are good/cool peoples that I dig. Let's not jinx it... but maybe at 50k, we'll see a full-on map of the world as a fold out poster in the book.... I kid, I kid. Or do I? Great idea, I'm in. Lets see 25k! less than 3k remaining! That's a good idea Bryan, and I thik not too difficult to execute :) If each backer can convince one person to contribute 20 dollars we'll have it no problem. Past 20k and counting...Double books rewards appear in the horizon! :) Wow! Almost up to 20K. :) I'm keeping my fingers crossed for the 25K goal. Hm, I'm interested in upping my pledge to $500 for the comp list. Does it really include all the other rewards, though? I know it says so, but the $320 level doesn't include Nation Design, saying it's sold out, so it's odd to me that other rewards would include it still. Currently, I'm signed up for the $250 Monster Design reward, and I'm mostly wondering if I'll lose that by increasing my pledge. Just thought I'd ask to clarify. From what I've seen of the (admittedly incredible) art, I agree that it is particularly striking in b&w. So I take the color thing back!!! Great update today, btw. Very interested in playing this system. I think I've been stuck in d20land for too long. if you pledged 200 and 25k would be reached would get 4 books? Ones of these days my color will be better than my B&W!!! :shakefist: Video update today! Re: Geoff Skinner While incentives beyond the $25k goal would be welcome, full colour art is not something I'd be interested in seeing in this project. Hugo is a great artist, but black and white is by far his strongest work. He has clearly already started to shape the look of quantum, and that look for me at least is black and white. So colour art isn't something I'd want. I'm inclined to agree with Geoff; no reason to stop at $25k. I'm talking to a few other backers who are interested in making a contribution (hopefully a big one), but they're waiting for the video from Josh on Monday to see how the game system works before they'll commit to anything. I'm hoping the video brings in a lot of backers who are on the fence waiting for more info. RE: Blake's update: You're not the only one who's giddy. The opportunities that you guys are providing to backers, to help contribute to the development, is huge. It's become a communal project. I've never been involved in something like this, and I'm very excited about it. I too am hitting the refresh button constantly to see how "our" project is coming along. Looking forward to hitting the $25k goal, and any other goal you guys can come up with beyond that. At this rate, you may want to start thinking about goals beyond 25k :). Color artwork perhaps? Congrats on the Pay Raise guys! Here's towards $25K! I only wish I could have got in on one of the design-a-country backer spots! Want to see more details on the Quantum Boxed Set? Check the IXS Quantum forumsin here: <url>