Hi John! All the folks below you had the same problem you have - you never filled out your backer survey. We sent out some update reminders for folks to do this. Because of this, we never had any shipping information for you. Feel free to drop us a line at bitbangerlabs@gmail with your shipping information and we'll get you your reward ASAP. Hey Nicole! Our apologies to you and anyone else outside of the USA who is still waiting on their Remee to arrive. We've talked ourselves blue in the face with the USPS about their unusually slow delivery times through December. It looks like some of the stragglers are finally arriving, so it is our sincere hope that everyone will be sorted shortly. Hey Robert! Looks like you never made it into our backer database because you didn't fill out your backer survey - Kickstarter would have sent you some messages on this in May and June. Because of this we have neither shipping info nor choice of color from you. There's a few other folks in the same boat - We'll be updating soon with more info on this and some additional info on configuring, etc. In the meantime, the best thing to do is fill out your backer survey, which is the most efficient way to get your info to us. Sorry for the confusion! (We did it this way so that Remee is set it and forget it - if you have settings you like, all you have to do is turn it on, put it on, and lay down) Hey Bryan! Good news, your Remee is fine. That "Sleep Fade" only happens after Remee hasn't received any input for 10 seconds - Remee is going to sleep with you. All button input should take place prior. Every time you press the button the 10 seconds resets, so you don't have to squeeze in. Turn on your Remee, select your brightness, and then either go to sleep (for regular mode), press and hold the button (for nap mode) or press and hold twice as long for programming mode. Hey Patrick! We'll email you directly - sounds like you possibly got a bad unit. Our apologies! Egads, Cecil. We're looking into this immediately. Nice sleuthing, McG. Hey everyone! Greetings from hurricane-pounded New York. We are not shipping yet, but we're in daily (really, hourly) contact with our suppliers and we're working on getting Remee in our hand ASAP. We're not talking about a major delay here - we're on the verge, but we're hesitant to make another prediction because we can't be sure exactly which day we'll have them. We'll update as soon as we know more. We're doing absolutely everything in our power to get Remee delivered to us as soon as possible. Hey everyone! Update coming tonight or tomorrow! Hey folks! Fair point, Malcolm - but it's more an issue of waiting until we have something definitive to say. We're hoping to update next week when we'll have a better idea of where everything sits. Thank you, everyone, for your patience! Sounds like everyone wants an update! We are literally taking our first breath of the last two weeks today. We'll update sometime soon. Thanks, everyone, for your patience while we run around with our hair on fire, making sure Remee is as awesome as possible. Hey Paul...I'd try contacting Amazon. We can only search by transaction ID. maybe it was a dream? I backed remee way back when. I got my device years ago. Today, a new remee just showed up addressed to me at my office. I have no idea why or how... What's the deal? Trash These were basically worthless. Tried them for a month or so. Never noticed the lights. blah blah blah. I totally forgot I backed this project. I never got mine. This is the now the third Kickstarter project to fail me :-( My insomnia has been particularly nasty since a little before my Remee came in, so I never got around to trying it in earnest. I sure hope I can get myself sleeping properly again so I can give it a go! This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Never got mine and don't care at this point given all the comments. Will not back any future "brainchilds" from these jokers --- Duncan Frazier and Steve McGuigan. After so many months of trying this thing, I've concluded that this product really doesn't work and I would like to get a refund. Do the inventors even look at these comments anymore? Still waiting on mine. I never received mine :( how do I get a refund or get my mask? I couldn't find any support info on kickstarter... An email address or phone number would be greatly appreciated. This user's account has been deleted. Am I the only one who still hasn't received their Remee? uncomfortable, very expensive and absolutely no effekt after 4 month of use! a bearly notice the red lights with closed eyes when I am awake and have nerver noticed them in my drems. the mask hurts my nose and because it is cut to low at my nose, it is pushed upwards during night, that the lights are out of my field of view. also the 3 lights are to wide apart, so it doesn't really matter what pattern is chosen, you usually anyway can't see all lamps. probably would have been better arranging the lights in an triangle. this would have also helped, if the mask slips upwards during night. I emailed them twice since November when it shipped about how my Remee was stolen from my apartment mail box along with other small packages belinging to other tenantsin my apartment building. I still haven't a response or any type of awknowlegement about this. I figured this might help with my nightmares about being in Afghanistan, instead of using pills. I guess i'll never be able to know now. All i ask for is a Remee mask or my money back. I feel the same way as Jason. I tried it out for a few weeks and realized it did nothing. Now it's sitting in a drawer by my bed. Just another sub par kickstarter product. I wanted to return the product. I felt it was uncomfortable compared to other eye masks I've worn. It doesn't detect REM but rather has a series of lights set on a timer. You have to play around and try to gauge when you think you'll be in REM and set the lights to go off at that time. I sent four emails over the period of three months about returning the product and go no response at all. Gave up and sold it on ebay for $50. Great video on Lucid Dreaming <url>"dream journal". This is where we write anything we remember about any dreams we have as soon as we wake up. We are basically training the brain to allow us to become better at recalling our dreams. Perhaps the Remee mask should come with a beginners guide to lucid dreaming. Anyways...I know that lucid dreaming takes practice, so keep at it. Just received mine. The tracking number changed to local one so the initial number still showing some US location. Will test-drive the mask during the holidays. Russia, Moscow Has anyone been successful with this? I'm looking at all of the comments and not one Lucid dream has occurred using the mask. I have used mine and did not notice he lights even coming on even though I'm a light sleeper. Started thinking it was a problem with the mask but it appears everything is working. I thought the product actually sensed REM sleep instead it appears to be basically a LED timer. Someone please advise on better setting if you have been successful with them. Nearly a month still and I've no response to my e-mail/messages (sent every few weeks). Bleh My Remee seems to have been stuck in New York for a month now. Hopefully Bitbanger Labs does an update soon. Confirmation from Germany. Got my Remee yesterday. First test drive ... err sleep this weekend. regarding programming problems: turn your screen's brightness to max and it will work. An a MacBook I had to hold the brightness-up key the whole time as it lowered brightness automatically when on battery. For me that worked. Got it, finally! Gonna try this the next night. :) hey bitbanger labs, i just received my remee and was really happy until i found out that the second led was defect. I couldn't find any support link on your site, so had to write a support request here. (sorry if inappropriate post) I found it out while making the brightness setting, it doesn't glow unless i slightly bend it. There is definitely something mechanical to it. Should i send it back, if so where? Thank you. I've come to the conclusion that the middle of summer is not the best time to be starting to use a sleep mask. I'll probably leave it until it starts cooling down again... Still not a single response to my email sent to bitbanger labs nor some kind of notification about the delay. my remee was shipped on Nov 19 and i haven't received it. what's going on? i wonder....... :( Still nothing in here Finland. Last activity by USPS was 26.11, but I hope it's just christmas traffic which is the cause of delay. Thank you guys! I get my Remee today!!! Starting to make lucid dream from tonite!! My Remee was shipped on the 23rd and I still haven't received it. I'm starting to fear that I never will... :( Is there any assistance you guys can provide? @ Charles Bruni I'm from Germany and I've received mine about a week ago ... @jeremy. lol, yah my eyes are hot and sweaty as well. They should have left the padding out of the bottom areas of the mask. It doesn't breathe well. Though the mask seems to fit well and is fairly comfy to sleep with. Haven't had any lucid dreams. Its been like 7 nights. Tried some different "initial times" ,"patterns" and "brightness" but still nothing. A number of times Ive woken up and then seconds later the light came one. Will keep trying. i agree that the LEDs are a half inch too high in the mask comment #666 the customization does work, I can confirm that, but damn i didn't think eyes could actually sweat. that's the only problem i've been having with it. has anyone had a lucid dream with remee yet? I am having the same issue...the lights are above my eye level I have not noticed any red lights during sleep yet. I will keep working at it. I use an iphone app called sleep cycle which measures the quality of sleep and also measures what times you reach REM stage of sleep , which is the dreaming stage...its a cool app...here is the link....im not affiliated with them in any way <url>"I don't think I saw any light nor have been woke up by it ?", then I adjust Remee and notice the lights are on the level of my eyebrows. I have however no problem to keep Remee on my face all night like other here =p But, really, in order to have the lights in front of my eyes I feel I must wear Remee too low, almost on my nose. Maybe it's our faces that are wrong ;) Or maybe we'll find a good way to wear it. Anyway, I've been a lucid dreamer years ago, I had a lucid dream at least once a weak for more than a year. Then it stopped, even if I was still checking reality often and thinking about it. Until I discouraged... but with Remee back, I find myself thinking of being lucid just before sleeping (and, I admit, a lot during day, carrying the wooden coin that smells fantastic by the way =p) and also when I wake up and feel the mask. And this night I dreamt I was checking reality by trying to fly. And I started flying. It did not make me lucid, I was just thinking "well, good, I fly, good test this one". But it's a great progress and I'm confident I'll be lucid soon ;) Anyone else feeling the lights are lighting their eyebrows ? Best part about Remee is it is a sleep mask. I am sleeping far later in the morning on weekends, which is great. I've never used one before. I'm not getting lucid dreams, but wake up now and then to the lights flashing. Falls off now and then, but mostly stays on. All in all I'm a satisfied supporter! Bjoern: Ignore the tracking - mine still shows Jamaica NY despite receiving it a week ago in Australia. USPS, if you can't be bothered doing tracking right, don't do it at all. Going to have to reprogram it - default setting wakes me up! :) @Kyle Same deal. The pressure feeling in between my eyebrows was horrible the first night and I must of tossed Remee on the ground sometime in the night. I adjusted it and then it was too loose - ground again. Got a decent fit now, but Remee slipped down onto my ears and the band was digging in - woke me up enough that I remember tossing it off and rubbing my ears. Finally, I have a good fit and no ear gouging, but I still wake up with it on the floor. I have woken up with the lights going off and assume it's too bright and I rip it off, but it's on the lowest setting. I guess I'll have to play with it to get a non annoying pattern, but at least it's more comfortable now. How can i get a replacement? LED number two in the brightness settings doesn't work. I've had remee for two weeks now. All the other LEDs flash when turning it on except that one. In the brightness settings it doesn't turn on either. Congratulations! I haven't received my Remee yet. What do I need to do inorder to receive one. Happy Holidays to all of you at the Bitbanger Labs. -Hazel @pwkno, I have the same exact issue. I wear it, fall asleep, and when I wake up its on the pillow next to me. The only two things I can think of is that I am just taking it off in my sleep cause I naturally wanna roll over onto my face, or the lights are too bright and are irritating me when they go off so I take it off. I am a deep sleeper so I have no idea which of these it could be. I will just have to play with it until I get used to wearing it I suppose :P @ Eugene Zheng Yong Sheng Thanks alot man...I will keep trying to make this work...I am excited @Bjoern Gaiser Im from Germany too and i have the same "problem". Either its in the custom office or somewhere lost. This Tracking is really shit. @ Koorosh 1)You have to turn remee on with every use and turn it off ( to conserve battery) when you wake up. 2) That is correct 3) Remee has a default setting and will work as it (but after 3.5hrs if i am not wrong) by then you are in deep slumber. Hey everyone...I have received my Remee and have worn the mask for the last 3 nights but have gotten no notion of the red lights at all. I want to know if I am doing it right Here are my questions: 1) Do we have to use the "ON" switch button with every use. Do I have to turn the switch to "OFF" when not in use (in the morning when I wake up)? 2) After I turn the switch to "ON".....I then choose the brightness and then leave the mask as it is. Is it ready for use right now? Meaning do I put on the mask at this point? Or do I have to do something else for it to work 3) Is Remee already come with default settings...I have not programmed it....Will the mask still work, even though I have not programmed it.? I would appreciate any help I watched the video posted in the last update....and it said..."at this point remee is going to sleep and so should you"...I just didnt understand if it mean the mask was ready for use or not Peace @Bjoern No, you don't have to be worry. I picked up mine yesterday and USPS still says it's in NY :-) I dunno why Bitbanger Labs didn't think about this, but why not make an area in their website where you could post your "dreams". Every dream you had with Remee. I think that would be mega cool. Remee arrived! (Sydney, Australia) Whats the best settings for most people? (standard will do?) Using IE and tried various settings but unable to get remee blinker to work. I got my REMEE shipping confirmation (to Germany) 16 days ago. Since 12 days USPS tracking keeps telling me my parcel is at the sort facility in Jamaica, NY. Do I have to worry? thx. Remee touch down safely in Sunny Singapore! I keep taking my Remee off in my sleep. When I wake up, I find that it is next to me or on the floor. Short of taping it to my head, does anyone have any ideas on how to keep it on? This has been going on since I received it a little more than a week ago. so I've been experimenting with Remee for almost a week now and last night I had my most complete, most notable dream. It was a lucid dream except I wasn't completely sure it was a dream yet- I was in a passenger plane crash in the middle of a city. All sounds in the plane stopped and then it started to nose dive almost straight down. I literally thought about how I was going to die and there was nothing I could really do about it.. and it was so LOUD. the wing on my side got ripped apart/sheared off by a skyscraper on the way down and then everything was SO loud that I guess it woke me up. basically I experienced how I would feel if I died in a plane crash in the middle of a city as if it were real. I've never been so scared in my life. Remee, you are an intense device. I have had very positive and extremely neutral boring experiences thus far as well! But really, woah. @Maxim, had the same problem, just change the brightness of your monitor and it works! Just got mine in the mail! So excited to use it this weekend! Thanks, y'all 幸久へ 私は日本語が少し話せます。私にメールを送って（7eagle14にgmail.com）。私が参考にしようとするでしょう。 Is there a "factory reset" option? I used the website to alter the blink rate and now Remee automatically shuts off after a few moments. I would rather it be slightly inconvenient as opposed to broken. Is there a forum where we can go to ask these technical questions? I have been trying to update my Remee for whole day and doesn't work... In programming mode lights blink the same way as on the screen, but at the end it just stays there waiting for input. It doesn't restart. and still will blink if you point it on white or black areas It'd be a good idea to put the pdf of the instruction up on the bitbanger or remee website. Dunno how, but I lost my start guide:( I remember how to customize a bit, but not everything. Is it possible to get it emailed or something? Remee arrived at Japan today. :) Thank you... But I am stupid, and ashamed. I think that I can easily use Remee. I cannot understand "quick start guide". Remee does not work for me. Is there the website that explained how to use Remee? Thank you for your help. PS to the last. USPS still shows it in Jamaica, NY on Nov 23. 6 months is a good effort for a device like this, well done, guys. @Aussie Edward Johnstone: yes, received mine yesterday (Canberra) Tried it last night, I think I need to turn brightness down, as it woke me up. Then again, it was a late night, and I set it to nap. One suggestion for future versions of the product. The straps kinda hurt my ears so maybe you could put little sliding foam ear cushions on the straps. I have mine set at 2x "Sweep Left" patterns every 25 minutes at 25% brightness, starting after 3-4 hours of sleep (depending on how much sleep I plan to get), so the lights don't last long and after getting lucid they won't appear again for quite a while. Those settings are what work for me. Got it, like it ! It woke me up once, the other nights nothing happened, but it's a good start, just needs some tuning But, is there any chance to see a way to do Reality check with the mask button ? I mean shows lights if you press it during sleep mod ? Heard it's something really important, and might be easier to remember than other reality check And also stop blinking it we're lucid and are afraid to wake up because lights doesn't stop ? I pretty much nailed the right settings for my Remee now. Last night I was having a boring dream about washing dishes, when lights started appearing in the air in front of me. They were white instead of red, because of my my brain messing with their appereance but still, it was the remee. I didn't realize them as a dream sign and continued doing my nightly dishes, so the next thing now that my settings are right is to train to recognize them in-dream. Overall I'm pretty satisfied with how it works, the Remee gives you the sign/chance, and it is up for the user to learn to use that chance. anyone in Australia received their mask ? Forgot to thank Bitbanger Labs, nice job guys! Have well reveice mine in Switzerland, going to try it in a few minutes ! Good night to everyone ;) AstralWanderer: As all the configuration is done by javascript in the web page, you can simply download the configuration page (I successfully tried both IE and HTTrack) to get the offline copy. The downloader will likely miss the images with the blinking patterns whose names are generated by the javascript so to get full experience you might need to download them manually. Pretty unhappy with the fact that mine shipped to my old address and not the updated address as promised. Mine shipped to my old address instead of the new one I provided... I am currently out of country so internet's hard to get.. so some stranger in my old apartment is probably fiddling around with my unit right now :\ So, these just came out and I got mine quickly, and lost it even quicker. My mom visited and brought her puppy and it totally destroyed it. She didn't even tell me about it. I just found it this morning tucked away. I guess she was hoping I wouldn't find it. I'd been looking for it for a while as well. This is so depressing and infuriating. :( This user's account has been deleted. Got mine here in Denmark, thanks for marking it with a low value and as a gift, so I didn't get ripped off in customs :) There was no tab on my battery, but minor issue off course. Everything else seems to be working, just programmed it and tested my settings with the use of "double click". Though the manual should have mentioned, that if the mask is in "sleep mode", then you can't change modes and you have to turn off and on. Testing out tonight. Received mine yesterday (like Dan Phillips, my USPS tracking still had it in NY). Not experimented too much with it yet but it does seem that you have no way to change settings once the Remee has done it's "goodnight" sequence aside from switching it off and on. This means having to use that power switch more than necessary - undesirable since it seems designed for occasional rather than regular use. There needs to be another way to "wake up" a Remee so that settings can be changed after its first minute. Also there needs to be a way to configure Remee using a standalone (offline) program - relying on a webpage (that could disappear tomorrow) is not a good way to ensure a long product life. I still got no shipping notification although I ordered just a black one and I did fill out that survey back in May. Could you please check? I think I wore it too tight last night, my face was hurting halfway through the night and in the morning xD I had a hard time sleeping simply because of the foreign nature of the mask on my face. I think that caused me to miss all of the Signals. But after I woke up, I turned it on nap mode and went back to sleep. I saw the lights vaguely when I was in the beginning of the dream but it pulled me out of the dream. I just gotta work with it till its right for me I suppose. I just received my extra remee (custom backer) but it is not the NASA styled one like mentioned in the email. No complaints here, just want to make sure I am on the right list and will receive my custom when it is ready. Otherwise, thanks for the great service. Got my Remee last week. I wanted to wait and see it work before I wrote any comment. Well I have programmed it to fit my sleep style and it all went pretty easy. It is very comfortable to wear while sleeping and it is made very well, This mask is built to last. When I wake up in the morning I do remember my dreams and when I look back at them I do notice that I saw the lights It's just that when it happens I have to train myself to recognize that its there to remind me that I am in a dream. But I do see it. Got a shipping notification and the tracking number shows delivered on USPS's website, but my Remee isn't here. My neighbors haven't seen it either. Please help! I got my Remee today (Norway)! Seems like everything is working just as it should. Nice quick start guide. Can't wait to try it tonight and eventually be reviewing it some day. :) Still no shipping notice. Just received my Remee in the UK! For those who haven't received theirs yet and are watching the tracking, take no notice of it, mine still claims it is in New York, so you'll probably get it before it moves again. Looking forward to experimenting with Remee over the next few days and weeks, and hopefully at some point experiencing lucid dreaming again (I've only ever had it happen once, so I know it can happen)! Mine arrived today. Programming worked fine, everything looks as it should. Build quality is high, it's comfortable on the face. Shall put it on tonight. Woot! Got my Remee but it didn't come with any instructions!! Can someone help me out with a link or pdf of the instructions? Thanks! The coin smells incredible! Aaaaand… YAY, REMEE IS HERE! Gotta try "her" out tonight! :) Scratch my last comment. Just figured that it's quite sensitive to light (duh!). Turned off the lights in the room, exposed the sensor to the light of the screen prior to entering the programming mode and now it's a-OK. Got my Remee and have been trying to program it. When I press "Update Remee", I can see that the settings are being read by the light sensor (same patterns flash on the LEDs). But once the update process is done, the 2 leftmost LEDs stay on. As per the manual the lights should sweep and Remee should reset itself. This is not happening. When I wait it eventually goes back to showing the brightness level and goes to sleep. When I double click to check if the settings were applied, they still show the old settings. Any pointers? Got my Remee today! Programmed it with ease, just had to make sure the lights were held directly on the screen so that they read entirely. Ran the test cycle by double pressing the button and everything seems good. My only concern is that I guess I have thick eyelids, seeing as the brightest setting isn't as bright as I had expected. But more so than that is that the mask kind of assumes my eyes are further apart than they are? I do not believe my eyes are unnaturally close together (hahahaha) but the flashing patterns are too wide and my vision is not wide enough to pick them up entirely. Testing it now, results to come. Still havent received a confirmation email. Has anyone else in Australia received anything? @Andres - The lights will go off after 4 seconds of holding down the button (to signify nap mode), then the brightness level will be shown until the total 10 seconds have elapsed, at which points the lights will go off again. Once those last lights go off, be ready with your settings so that you can hold it up to the screen with the light sensors on each box and press "Update Remee!". As far as I understand it, you need to wait the full 10 seconds (so just ignore whatever light patterns occur in the interim). To check that at least your patterns were saved, turn Remee off and then back on, and then double-click the button and it will show you what pattern will be displayed at night. Received mine without Battery Tab. Recieved instuctions and the Black (dark gray really) Remee mask operational. So far I used it twice, but my unconscious self, decided it doesn't like sleep masks that much and I wake up with it off. The first time was in nap mode, which seemed to work at first, though my mind is a little hazy on the recall. Dammit, gotta work on the dream recall a little more. Though for now, I will try to get my body acquainted to sleep with a mask. Second Day: I am not sure if it worked, because I only slept around 4 hours, so it kinda woke me up more than anything. Lol, I guess if all else fails, I can use this as an alam. My ears did not like the sensation, because when I took it off they were aching. I guess it will need to take some more getting use to. Might turn down light sensitivity to 1, because it woke me up on 2 Review so far Pros: -Soft and very light -Seems like it will work -Cheaper than any lucid dreamer on the market Cons: -Will require adjusting to work in everyone's layer two REM or else it will just wake you up. -Colors seem off -The strap could be more comfortable -A bit flimsy, not sure if I can lie on my stomach with this. Meh, you do most of your lucid dreaming on your back anyways. Well keep posted as I go. For now, seems like a decent investment, even though it does require bit of work. Just managed to program it! Seems the trick is that you need to expose the light sensors BEFORE holding the button for 10 seconds. You know it's working because one or two lights on the left stay on after the rapid blinking. hm... Seems several people are having issues as well. Time to read over the comments... @John, came back here precisely looking for the same thing. I'm having issues programming my remee and was wondering if there was a forum to discuss it... The manual says to hold the button for "10 full seconds", but then also "until the leftmost two lights blinks rapidly", which happens in 5 seconds. Either way, I am not able to successfully program it, since it doesn't respond at all to the blinking screen. Anyone else having this issue? Does USPS even track outside of the US? As many has said; it stops tracking at the airport. @Stefan V when did you get your order confirmation? I got it the 23rd and I'm still waiting for it to come to Norway. Received mine the day before Thanksgiving.. Thanks! Is there a forum anyone has started for dealing with Remee? After a week I'm finally sleeping through the night with it but could use some help on achieving lucidity. Used to do it many, many years ago without help. I'm a little concerned about the switch on the top, it seems awful flimsy to last very long with repeated on/off switches every night and morning. Hope I'm just being paranoid. Mine arrieved yesterday here in Sweden. :) mine's been at "Processed through USPS Sort Facility" since the 24th (international order to finland) pretty sure usps just sucks at tracking is the USPS Track and Confirm reliable? It says its on the NY Airport since 6 days?!? dafuq? Dear Remee team, we're on the 28th and I have no news about the shipping. I was a little skeptical about this at first, having never experienced true lucidity. The first night with it was a bit uncomfortable, but that is likely due to me never having used a sleep mask before. Today was my second day with Remee, so I decided to take a nap to test it. After holding the button a few seconds, the lights pulsed to show it was on "nap mode". The nap was around three hours and I woke up the first time the lights came on. Once I was soundly napping though, I did experience a lucid dream. Considering that was my second use, this looks to be a promising product! Keep up the good work, Remee Team! Unfortunately I received the wrong color so I haven't been able to test mine! Awaiting return directions So it looks like your mailing directions didn't work as intended. I double checked my email to make sure that I had sent the correct address for mailing however it seems my Remee was still sent to the previous address. If anyone else is missing their Remee after requesting a change of address via email to Bitbanger check the first address you listed as it's probably sitting there. (kinda pissed off about this since it's on the other side of the Country and now I have to have it shipped again so I actually get it). I received my Remee yesterday and almost peed my pants waiting for it to be dark and time to go to bed! So after my first night, here's my experience: 1) Like many, no battery tab. Perhaps they pulled them to make sure they were working before shipping (I appreciate that and couldn't care less about it.) 2) Two small annoyances: Having the mask on my face (something I'm not used to) interrupted my sleep all night. I know this is just an acclimation period and I'll get over that. The other, MORE ANNOYING thing, is the velcro attachment on the straps. It's positioned directly at the back of your head, and makes an uncomfortable lump. Additionally, the velcro grabs your hair. Dunno, maybe just me, but I'm planning on re-sewing a new strap on that attaches on the side, and maybe something other than velcro. 3) I didn't experience any light patterns all night, although I DID dream. I had it set on low, So this morning, I went online and re-programmed the settings and patterns. Unlike several of you, I didn't have any issues programming. Once however, I had one of the light sensors accidentally covered up. Make sure both are exposed when you flip it around to the screen. After holding the button for a FULL 10 seconds (first going through the 4-second nap flashing on the left side (keep holding) until you see the SECOND left-side RAPID flash, THEN flip it around to the screen and click UPDATE.) Once it starts, it seemed to alternate flash two LED's on the left, then one LED on the right as the black/white boxed flashed, and kept repeating until done. It seemed to tell me that it was done with a sweep of all LED's, then stayed on the brightness setting (two LED's) on the right. The only proviso is to be sure both light sensors are exposed. Good job guys. I hope I achieve the magical lucid dream sometime soon! Hey guys! Thank you so much for a great kickstarter campaign. The mail man just dropped of my Remee (Danish resident here)! Cannot wait to try it out :) Congrats guys! Hi! I pledged on 04/30/2012 and I have no shipping notification yet. Is that normal? Thanks! I just would like to say I got mine in the mail today. Notice some people's battery didn't have the tab on it. I'll tell you for feedback purposes that mine didn't either, but really I couldn't care less. It still powers on, and I've still got it successfully programmed. Congratulations on taking your idea and making it a real thing! I like that you are giving other lucid dreaming masks a run for their money. Think you might eventually try to make more lucid dreaming products, or other products in general? @Kyle I received shipping confirmation on the 20th, but it didn't ship until the 23rd. Holiday shipping and USPS closed on Sundays greatly take into account extra shipping time, sorry :(. Just got mine today. Like some of the others, my Remee didn't have a plastic tab on the battery. The battery still works though, and the mask and instructions seem to be some quality stuff. I'm quite impressed with how the flexibility of the board turned out. On a small note, the colour of the mask was a bit off (I selected black and it came out in a more graphite looking grey, although I have no issues with the difference), but other then that everything seemed to work great. Looking forward to testing it out tonight. @Eliana Thanks! With your info and trying a few more times, I was successfully able to program mine. I must've had too much ambient light in the room when I was trying earlier. Mine came today as well. Nice build quality, comfortable to wear, blocks out all light (so at the very least it is a nice sleep mask). Been so close to lucidity in the best couple of months, hopefully Remee will get me the rest of the way there. I'll post back in a month or so with my progress. Thank you to everyone at Bitbanger Labs! Mine arrived today as well. I'm very impressed with the quality so far and have already programmed it, can't wait to use it, keep up the good work! This user's account has been deleted. I have waited so long for this! I finally got it today and i am excited to start using it. I want to see if it really works. I received my Remee this afternoon. Seems to be working fine. Looking forward to giving it a try this evening. Lol, never mind I am just too frustrated, works perfectly. Goddamn I waited so long for his! How long on average is it taking you guys to receive your Remee? 5 days have transpired since my email notifying me that mine was on the way. So, I finally received my remee. Beautiful device I had paid good money for but it seems like it isn't working correctly. I turn it on and it the initial 'hello' light pattern is seen, yet when I press the selection button the brightness doesn't change and the lights do not indicate a change. What the hell... :( Hey bit banger guys! Just want to say that I just got my remee and it is awesome! It works properly and I'm excited. But this Remee is not red, it's orange. It's a Colorado bricklayers orange. I'm going to let it slide because you're undergoing a heroic effort to bring your first product to market, but make sure your fabric people are sending red to people who ordered red. Remee is out for delivery! I'm really excited to go to sleep tonight. Quick question, are you guys going to set up a forum on your website? It looks like a fellow Kickstarter started one already but if you guys plan on hosting a forum then I'll wait for that. Just got mine. Upon opening it I noticed the logo was diagonal but after a little massaging it straightened up. Now to sleep and try it out. :) finally got my remee. so far it seems pretty cool but the Black is definitely not Black. It's not even close, it's grey. Backer survey filled out. @Keith I think that when you hold down the selection button for 10 seconds, the two lights on the left are only supposed to be on briefly, and I think that the brightness level is also supposed to be indicated between the lights after 4 seconds and the lights after 10 seconds. If you were setting it to nap mode, you would want to see and set the brightness, and until it realizes you mean programming (after the full 10 seconds), it shows the brightness level on the right. To program, first go to the website and set up the options the way you want it. Then turn Remee on and hold the button down for 10 seconds. Once the lights turn off, hold the sensors up to the screen with one on each box and press "Update Remee!" on the screen (you may need to click a few times). If you're having trouble, double check that the color side is facing the screen and that one light sensor is on each box, as close as possible. To check that it has your pattern choices, turn Remee off and then back on, and once it finishes saying hello and displays the brightness, double-click the selection button and it should show you your chosen patterns. I live in eastern Canada, only one time zone from Bitbanger Labs. I note that many people have received their Remees and many more have received shipping notices. I have not received a shipping notice yet. Is this to be expected in some cases? To further clarify the LED behavior I see when trying to program mine: 1) Turn Remee on. It does the left-to-right sweep -> Hello 2) The brightness LEDs remain lit on the right side, 1 to 3 depending on the brightness setting. I can toggle this without any problem. 3) Now I start holding down the selection button, intending to program it from the web site. 4) In a moment, the three left LEDs start to cycle, which is what it should do when it thinks I want to put it in to nap mode. They then go off. 5) **Now the brightless LEDs on the right side come back on; same settings they were in step 2** They then go off. 6) After another moment, the 2 leftmost LEDs come on only for a moment, indicating that I want to update. However, they then quickly go off. Now the mask is completely dark, even while still holding the selection button down. The printed instructions don't mention the right side of the mask lighting up, from step 5, when going in to programming mode. I'm curious about how others have managed to program their Remee. With mine, holding the selection button down within 10 seconds of turning the mask on will properly cycle through the LEDs. Once the cycle completes, the two flashing LEDs on the left side - to indicate programming mode - only blink rapidly very briefly. Then, none of the LEDs are on. I'm not sure if those lights are supposed to remain on until programming begins, or what..? Suffice to say I haven't managed to program mine yet. I just wanted to let you know I've created a forum for Remee users to join and discuss their experiences, and general lucid talk in general. Check it out, add your suggestions! <url>"how-to" video within the Remee programming page itself, along with an FAQ with further details not covered in the included instruction sheet? We've managed to get it to program on two occasions, but easily only succeeded once for every 30-to-40 failures. We've tried many combinations of screen brightness, room brightness, even scaling the size of the page (zoom) in the hopes of achieving an easier target. Got mine today. Like everyone else states, there was no plastic barrier tab to pull for the battery. Unit turns on fine and does its little LED light dance okay. However, nothing happens when I press the selection button on the outside of the mask. No lights appear and I can't seem to access any options. I wasn't planning on entering the settings manually anyways so I don't mind of the front button does not work. I was going to just use the online settings tool. Haven't tried it yet though. I'm crossing my fingers... Received mine today. It's light and elegant, the lights work as intended, and programming was easy and smooth. I was a little disappointed that mine also did not have a little tab on the battery because I was worried the battery had drained out as it seems to have for others, and when I first turned it on, it didn't respond properly to the selection button. However, when I turned it off and on again, it behaved normally. So if you have a problem, take a deep breath, and just try turning it on and off before assuming it doesn't work. Anyway, thank you Bitbanger Labs! I can't wait to go to sleep tonight! Disregard my last message. I got it to turn on and it works perfectly! I got my Remee yesterday and was really excited to use it, but unfortunately I can't get it to turn on. I see no tab to pull from the battery like it says on the instructions and when I slide the power switch nothing happens. Is the battery dead? If so what kind of battery should I get to replace it? Got my Remee today! Thanks guys :) @Hoder Mine got updated yesterday, I'm now in the same boat as many people with "Electronic Shipping Information Recieved", which I'm fine with. I am in Canada so I can only speak for here, but I would hope that you will also have yours updated as well before final delivery. @Tech Yeah same issue here. The UPS site says my tracking number can't be tracked via a website. "Delivery status information is not available for your item via this web site. A return receipt after mailing may be available through your local Post Office. " Guess we just have to wait and see when it appears. @Joseph That's good to know. I'm in California and my tracking number from the 18th hasn't seen any movement yet. Issue regarding programming: I flashed the settings and the Remee replicated the on-screen flashes with 2 LEDs, but I didn't get the full LED sweep (indicating success) or right-most blink (indicating failure) mentioned in the sheet. Did the settings go through, or should I keep trying? I received my Remee this afternoon, and I'm really looking forward to trying it tonight. Also, as an FYI for other backers, I got my shipping notice back on the 18th, with USPS's tracking info just saying "Electronic Shipping Info Received", then nothing more, until this morning when my local USPS office put in a bunch of notices (arrival, sort and out for delivery). I'm in the pacific northwest, and with the holiday, I'd say the shipping was pretty quick at 4 working days to get here from the other side of the continent. Replacing the battery is supposed too be a piece of cake Got it and programmed here are my settings if anyone wants <url>"delivered" mine to my address without the apartment number so I have no clue where they left it... oh well :( @David The instructions tell you were the switch is to turn it on. The top seam on the mask is Velcro. Got mine, found no plastic bit to pull out, and unfortunately I can't get anything to happen. I think the battery might be dead. Just opened up the box for my blue Remee! I'll have to read up on it later and actually figure out how to program and use it but so far I'm already pleased between the light packaging, the ease of putting on/adjusting the mask, the detailed instructions, and the inception-style coin included! I'll have to post again after using it for a little bit but for now I'm very happy to have backed this project! Received today. Wondering why the red isn't red but rather a rusty brown? That should have been a no brainer to accomplish. Also concerned that the largest board components like battery and chip are placed across the bridge of the nose where the most bending of the mask occurs? The flex circuit in that area is also under a lot of strain because of the close proximity of the two backer pieces. This is scary from a reliability standpoint. Doubt any strain gauge testing was done here. mine just came in! just to be sure, I sleep face down, is this bad for the mask? Finally got a shipping notice! Just got mine & boy am I glad the headband is stretchy :D It's important to note that USPS really calls this tracking "Delivery Confirmation" and not "Tracking" for a reason. I wouldn't get too concerned if your package appears stagnant as they really don't always scan the way UPS does at every single corner. I wouldn't at all be surprised if a postal worker saw a whole truck load of Remee boxes, looked at his scanner and decided to go lunch while they were loaded on the next truck and sent on their way. Some of you may get lucky and get lots of tracking details, others may only see it scanned once or twice before delivery. That has been my personal experience with USPS delivery confirmation. Curious if any intl. backers are able to see tracking. I realize it takes a bit to update but the note on mine says it can't be tracked via website. I'm wondering if any users outside the US can see. In any case, I'm just glad it's. on its way. MELATONIN... I'm interested in doing a few "controlled" tests, comparing the results of a normal 6-8hr sleep cycle, one with Remee, and one with Remee while on a higher-than-average dose of Melatonin. Anyone curious to get involved, please contact me at <email> Yep. Or at least what I have seen. My first night settings are here <url>"sleep fade", in order to use the button I have to turn the mask off and back on, correct? @Patrick & Bitbanger, it seems I'm having the same issue. Received the unit and opened it up to find no plastic battery barrier. Unit lights up initially, and if I try using the button before the "sleep fade", I am able to at least change brightness levels. But if I try accessing anything after the sleep fade (I think 8 seconds?), it seems like nothing happens--regardless if I hold or press the button. Its as if they read every comment O_O?!! No, like it turns on but when I click the button to see its levels or try to program it, no lights come on and I'm unable to program it. :( Received my Remee, cannot wait to go to sleep tonight!!! One question, is there a walk-through/recommended setting for the configuration page? @Patrick - Have you programmed it? www.sleepwithremee.com/program Are Remees still getting shipped as I still didn't get my notirication Same issue as Cecil, Miranda, and Roger G. I received my shipment notification with tracking on 11/18 and that I should the Remee in 2-3 days however it still shows "Electronic Shipping Info Received". Just like Cecil and Miranda I received the shipping notification on the 18th. I just called my local post office to see if they had any additional information and they too confirmed it appears to just be sitting in Brooklyn. I imagine they may be a little overwhelmed with 5K Remees to ship in addition to all the other items. Anxious to finally get it in my hands. Happy Thanksgiving to all. Quick question, am I going to have to wait longer for mine if I ordered the custom remee? @matt - you had what's called a false awakening. Its where you're still dreaming but you feel like you just woke up. You can solve this by doing reality checks, (I.e. poking your finger through your hand, or looking in a mirror) every morning the moment you wake up. Then you cant be tricked by your own mind. Best of luck :) Yeah still waiting for my shipping notice too :( Patrick it idles for about 4 hours to make sure you get to sleep before it starts flashing the lights. Hi, I'm a bit disappointed as I didn't receive my notification. Can you please give me information ? Thanks in advance. Eric Cecil, I got my shipping notification the 18th and my status is still "Electronic Shipping Info Received" I have yet to even receive the shipping notification? Whats taking so long? Got mine today. It looks beautiful and it's super comfortable. Unfortunately, I don't think it works. I turn it on and the lights flash fine, but nothing else seems to be working. Clicking the button, or holding it, or anything, brings the lights back on to show me its status. I'm not sure if the battery is just almost dead (it didn't have the protective paper in it), or if I was just unlucky and got a broken piece. I will get a new battery tomorrow and see if that fixes the problem. My Remee "shipped" on the 17th, and I was due to receive it today (the 20th). I didn't receive it, so I checked the USPS tracker and as far as I can tell it's been sitting in Brooklyn the entire time, status of "Shipment Accepted." Anyone else with this problem? Got my remee. I'm impressed with the machine work and the mounting of the Atmel chip. Well done Bitbanger. I'm excited to try it tonight. Will post results as I am planning to experiment with settings. I'll be keeping a log and sharing links! I got my Remee today! So far what impresses me most is how comfortable it is. You really can't tell that you're wearing a piece of hardware at all. It's just a nice, soft, very flexible sleep mask. The straps may take a little getting used to but I think I've already figured out some tweaks to make it fit just right on my oddly shaped head :) I'm looking forward to going to bed... Pics? Got mine today and haven't tried it out yet so I can't attest to its functionality, but after opening the box, I am a bit disappointed. I was expecting something sleek and cool but remee looks a bit too big and the quality is OK, but for $100 I am disappointed. The worst part is the color for me though. I was going to get blue or black but felt that they were too typical and liked the red they showed as a picture. The red I received though is more of a blurry patterned orange/burgundy Remember that if it wakes you up, the settings are probably too bright. Use the web app to lower the brightness of the LEDs to prevent them from waking you up - ideally it should be bright enough to appear in your dreams but dim enough not to wake you up. Just woke up (4AM) to the flashing LEDs. Right before I woke up I became aware of the dream, or at least thought I did. I really thought the remee might go off at any second so tried to reset the settings (still not actually awake yet), I tried to wake up and went to look outside my window; it was sunny and bright. I kept thinking it failed but next thing I new I really did woke up to the LEDs flashing. When I looked at my clock, it was 4AM. This might take some getting used to. I'll need to test it for a few more weeks. This user's account has been deleted. Hoping to see a conformation email soon! My Remee has arrived! The build and packaging quality are exceptional, the blue is classy, and the quickstart guide is great! Thank you so much! Got my shipment email - woo! <url>"Hey everyone! Sorry for the long silence. We haven't been dipping our toes into the facebook page for the last couple weeks because we've simply been too busy trying to finalize everything. We're getting caught up on communications now. The other reason was simply wanting to make sure everything was in line before we made any more announcements. The good news is we're getting ready to begin shipping this week. As everyone knows, we need to ship to Kickstarter folks first, - but we're confident in our fulfillment process and quite sure we'll be caught up in no time. Everyone will receive a shipping notification as your Remee hits the mail. We're posting a short update to Kickstarter tonight with some images and stuff, we'll post a link here when that's done. If you've sent us an email in the past few days and haven't received an answer, we're getting caught up there, too. Thanks for your patience, and sorry you haven't heard from us in a little while!" If you see Steve McGuigan Facebook page, he had posted 6 things there since the end of October. Although nothing in the past week. @Ori their last update was a week and a half ago, on October 31st (see the comment section on the last update page) in which they said Remee should be delivered to them any day now You think they got held up due to Sandy? Not saying I expected it to be here right away, but not a single update for almost a month... Something seems off to me. I'm jonesing! I had a dream about my Remee! Excellent comment, Mr Casey. You should probably change your first name to Zen and your last name to Master to reflect your infinite patience. All the people that complain that a 4+ month delay is unacceptable must be "morons"... because... every kickstarter project that gets funded gets delayed by at least 4 months, right? Honestly I don't care anymore if this gets delayed another 10 years, I have no faith in it showing up or working at this point. I HOPE that it does, but oh well. IF it does work then my first venture will be to team up with Mike Senger on his LED quest Hey hey, how's everyone doin? I had a crazy dream last night then awoke to remove my Remee mask and dry the sweat off my face because of how intense it was. I then stepped off my bed, threw some pants on and ran out the door to jump on a golden unicorn that took me to a land filled with naked women and cotton candy! As I was soaring through the air with one hand controlling the reigns of my unicorn, the other full of cotton candy, and a craning my neck to attempt to see past the 3 nude women sprawled all over my glorious steed I heard a loud crash and I felt a rush of anger because it was then that I realized that, " OBVIOUSLY the Remee doesn't exist and is merely a product of mysticism. Blew my chance and recognizing the dream and having a lucid one... damn. Most of us aren't complaining that this isn't running like Amazon. We're frustrated with the lack of updates. 30 seconds of their time, to let the 6500+ people that invested in this project, know what is going on doesn't seem like a lot to ask. Another day, another batch of morons that think KS is a store. Matthew Gibbons, you're awesome. BitBanger's comments can be found at <url>"estimated" but it should still bear some relation to reality) and given the number of past dates given that have slipped (most recently the 31st October update which suggested a maximum of 7 days for customs/shipping) we *should* be seeing more regular updates on the situation - even if it is bad/no news like "Customs have looked at our KS page and think we're selling hallucinogenics - Remee has to go to their drugs labs to get the all-clear...". Have they taken the delivery addresses yet? I forgot, and I've just moved house... my guess is that they got these from the supplier and there is a major issue, like all the PCBs are put in backwards so the LEDs flash on the front of the mask, and they are trying to find a way to break it to us. Jeff G....thanks for showing where the updates are. Bitbanger......glad you all weathered the storm! If you could maybe send an email to your backers every few weeks it would be awesome and very much appreciated. Have a great week. Jeff Gerltz, you are the man!! They have been posting updates but have posted them in the "Update" section under "Comments." The last two updates/comments by them: Oct 29th - "Hey everyone! Greetings from hurricane-pounded New York. We are not shipping yet, but we're in daily (really, hourly) contact with our suppliers and we're working on getting Remee in our hand ASAP. We're not talking about a major delay here - we're on the verge, but we're hesitant to make another prediction because we can't be sure exactly which day we'll have them. We'll update as soon as we know more. We're doing absolutely everything in our power to get Remee delivered to us as soon as possible." Newest comment... Oct 31 - "Thanks, everyone, for the well-wishes. We're fine here - thought the lab was going to flood, but we lucked out. Joseph O'Connor - a thousand times yes. We assure you that all the production ambiguity is past and Remee is at our fingertips - the only uncertainty left is shipping and customs times - is it going to take 2 days to ship and 2 days in customs, or 4 days to ship and 3 days in customs, etc. That's why we're hesitant to say exactly which day would be our first ship day. But no matter how you slice it, it's right around the corner." I'm surprised they didn't send out a major emailed update but I'm glad I found some new news. I agree with Matthew. I understand that things happen, weather delays, production delays. Nothing is certain for a brand new product like this. What I want is some kind of bi-weekly/monthly update. Even if it is a simple "Hey still waiting on word from the manufactures!" Anything would be better than the silence we have been getting.... "Where's the update"? Probably underwater right now. Jesus people, they were just in the middle of a natural disaster, cut a little slack. My only complaint is that I have to check the comments to find out what is going on. Why not post an update? i don't care about a date, i'd just like to hear where they are in the process, are the first orders still in production? sitting in a warehouse in china? on their way across the ocean? making their way through customs? delivered to their shipping center? we don't need another deadline, just keep us informed of where you're at I guess assuming Bitbanger Labs were announcing deadlines pretty much out of the blue is a little speculating ;) My best personnal guess (and speculating also) would be that their mistake if there was one, was to believe all their suppliers shipping promises, and make a deadline out of those dates. Hopefully we'll see the end of it soon ! @Vinsssounet: There wouldn't be delays if they really knew what they were doing. I'm not saying they aren't getting it out as fast as possible, just that they don't really have a grasp on the timeline situation and never did. They've been constantly pushing into the unknown and blurting out release dates without actually knowing where they're at in production. They've allegedly been at the very tail end of production for roughly a month now, I don't believe for a second that that was ever true. They failed that final October 26 deadline 3 days before Hurricane Sandy became a problem. I'm fine with them now because they finally learned to stop promising people release dates. However, if they set even one more deadline and fail that, I vow to spend my first lucid dream cramming 100,000 LEDs straight up their asses, writing it down in a journal, and then figuring out how to do the same in real life. The last comment covers a lot of answers : "we're hesitant to make another prediction because we can't be sure exactly which day we'll have them. We'll update as soon as we know more. We're doing absolutely everything in our power to get Remee delivered to us as soon as possible." It's pretty clear and trasparent to me. Some people need to realize not only do things like that happen and are natural ; but when backing a Kickstarter project, you did agreed to a set a rules that specifies you the risks. Delays are everywhere. Videogames get delayed. Movies get delayed. It's alright. The only difference is here, you gave money in advance. Which is the whole point of the website, but does not transform somehow a project in a super-entity able to prevent all unpredictable stuff. Wherever the money comes from, production can meet an issue. And getting around it creates a delay. This sounds simple enough to me for anyone to understand. Grow some consideration ! The delays are far less annoying than the lack of updates. Come on guys be considerate, things happen, especially to start ups and I really don't think that Sandy helped at all. If you wanna blame someone blame Sandy and he decision to flood all of New York and cut power to it. Sucks! 90% of them on Kickstarter never make their deadline to deliver. Always delays when you try to improve it after you set urself a standard. Never am I going to back a project. Wish they had an option to " UNBACK" or get your money back. I am in collaboration with Sportsbook dot com to see if we can get Remee on their site so that I can start placing bets with regards to the over/under for how many more delays we will see. I might as well start making money off this ordeal. Any news on shipping date?? Hahahaha I'm not butthurt xD I just like to be kept up to date on products I've bought or invested in. Hi guys, glad to hear you survived the superstorm nightmare out there. The pictures and videos on the news have just been unreal. Stay well! I just want to clarify that the reason we all feel so anxious about remee, is that we like the concept and just cant wait to get our hands and eyes on it. But besides this I'm sure that the guys have done a great job and they are doing their best and deliver asap. Hope everything is OK. Two things: 1. Calm the hell down, they're going to ship the masks out. 2. Kickstarter is not a store. Kyle, stop being butthurt. Yes Kit. I could. @Kit: Don't be a dick, you know what he meant, it's an entirely common way of phrasing that concept. @Kyle: What do you mean you "could care less"? That doesn't make sense. Are you saying that you could care less than you already do? This user's account has been deleted. Thanks for the update, but more importantly, stay safe! Thank you for the update! Can't wait to get my Remee! Hey guys, thanks for the update! Hope the storm's not too horrifying! Jeez, people get super uppity about these projects. How many updates per day would make you feel better about a delay? I'm guessing there's no answer to that, so rather than constantly update about delays, they're probably sorting out the problems. You didn't purchase a product, you invested in an idea. You'll get it when it's finished. Considering I live in New York I would love to the the address of Bitbanger Labs just so that I can go and the can hand-deliver it to me. Honestly this is just ridiculous; can you guys update even with once sentance saying "Sorry for the delay, (include some details about the delay)" and boom, make your 6,557 customers happy! On another note can you guys email your address to any New York City customers so that we can go and pick up our masks? Yeah, its the 29th and still nobody has heard anything about the shipping... I really could care less what your Bitbanger excuse is, its invalid. When you have 6,557 people handing money to you, you better be keeping them up to date on what the hell is going on. Otherwise you are simply being irresponsible and rude. I'm sure the production is very tedious and you guys have a lot going on right now, but like others have said, it takes the same time to write a quick update about whats going on as the time it takes to brush your teeth. @Price: I agree that they've been really good about communication so far, but really just a quick comment in here or something saying something either way would be nice. I guess having an awesome product is a double-edged sword. In the start-up world, most choose investors that aren't just "dumb money" but instead have relevant industry experience and can offer some wisdom. The crowd sourcing model brings in a lot of passionate customers, who don't have enough experience to understand delays. Bitbanger has been good about bringing us up to date about delays so far, and remember this delay was over batteries- so I think no news is good news. Thanks guys! I think getting all protective is totally bs. We deserve updates and when we are promised something the least they can do is let us know what is going wrong. It cant be a shop because if it was so we wouldn't pay for something we have never seen. So everyone of us is doing a favor to these designers, creators and inventors. We are helping them set up a company guys we are not just buying a product. peace There could be a hurricane delay now. @Orkel: They don't really need to write an article, just drop a line saying they're sorting out shipments and the final update will be soon. I don't want them to do that because they will probably fuck up any further estimates they provide us with. They're probably too busy preparing the thousands of masks for shipping to write an article here this weekend. Kickstarter isn't an online shop afterall, there's no set time limit for them to send us the product (other than if they make one themselves). I wouldn't be angry even if they shipped them in 2013. Because that's Kickstarter. Guys at Bitbanger Labs please make an update and tell us whats going on with the shipping. Welp, it's the 28th now. Any word on if things are going to plan? I would almost think to ask for a new estimate on shipping dates, but maybe you wouldn't be doing yourself any favours by setting further dates. Just ship it when it's done, don't give us anymore estimates, I think most of us just give up. Does anyone know how long the shipping will take once its shipped? This user's account has been deleted. @Mike Senger I guess he also lives in the future, far enough in the the future at least :-) @Gregory Ponce: You got the mask? A little hard to believe, I would think they would have been eager to make that final update telling people it's finally being shipped off. I got mine :D @Mike Senger yes I live in both today and tomorrow and I get a little confused sometimes @Thomas Watson: Are you from the future? It's the 26th (in aus), hopefully I wake up tomorrow with an update saying the remees have flown the coop. If not, keep up the good work and as Daniel tan said, KCCO! Yeah everyone needs to just relax. It will come eventually. It will be worth the wait. I really have high hopes for this device actually working for me. I use to have the REM-Dreamer but it didn't really perform that well. Plus it only had two low powered LED's and was a bulky little mask. I was thinking of combining Remee with my "Sleep Cycle" app on my iPhone. I don't know if any of you know about Sleep Cycle but this app monitors when your in REM sleep and only wakes you up when your in a Non-REM cycle. Enabling you to awaken more refreshed and energized. I think it will be a useful too that will work well with Remee. I sure hope I get a Lucid Dream one day soon. I've gotten close but not all the way. I can see how amazing the experience would be though. What a cool way to experience nightly adventures and learn more about your inner self!!! @BitBanger Labs: KCCO !!! When you back a project on kickstarter you should expect delays. Do you people come on here every day and just look for updates? I for one have completely forgotten that i'd even backed this project and wont think about it again until it comes in the mail. You people spent $80 on this and are crying about the delays like you've spent your entire life savings on it. Chill the F%ck out! @Matt - you funded a highly experimental untested start-up company. They're working with new tech, new factories, and new manufacturing processes. This is not exactly a trip down to ikea, is what I'm saying. What the fuck did you expect? I've ordered a bunch of shit from kickstarter, and the kinds of delays Remee is having are not at all unusual. Just today, I received two products which I funded around the same time as Remee, and which were also scheduled to ship in summer. Here they are: <url>"gofu*kyourself" and "WeGotYourMoneyHaHa". As for anyone telling people to stop complaining-- 1 or 2 delays is disappointing but understandable, 4-5 delays is not something that is oh-so "normal", "typical", or "everyday" like everyone keeps trying to spout off about. Go get a job at Taco-Bell and delay a customers order 4 times--tell me what happens. Actually, to everyone who is complaining about people complaining, how about you go to work tomorrow and delay something of equal weight as this 4+ times and just keep making up some excuse that sounds semi-plausible, then tell me how it worked out. It's so commonplace that I am sure it wont be a big deal at all!! @Dbit; Thank you for being a voice of reason. I'm a little bummed I don't have Remee yet, but I understand why. I know that bring a new product into the world doesn't happen at the drop of a hat. I do have one criticism; I think the Bitbanger guys should have chosen their words differently, to leave it more open. As many of us have made clear, we just want to hear the truth, and maybe get a glimpse of what's going on... rather than being given a date. I don't think the Bitbangers did anything wrong at all, but I think they could have kept some people more content and confident by doing this. To the people who are worried we've been ripped off... we've got pictures of the product. More importantly, if we were being ripped off, why would they still be updating us? They would have no reason to post here beyond the period in which we could get a refund from PayPal or Amazon Payments or whatever we used. That's only like 30 days if I remember correctly. So I'm not worried about that. We were given a specific (and not obscure) reason for the delay: the batteries. I have confidence that we will all have our Remee's well before the end of the world on Dec 21 ;) To be fair I just read some more comments and I can see that there have been a good amount of supportive understanding people as well. It seems the negative voices just tend to ring louder. Sorry for the tone of my previous post, I just needed to vent! :) There have been a handful of nice, well informed comments from people who get kickstarter, manufacturing, and what it means to support a project IN DEVELOPMENT. But a lot of the whiners and complainers here kind of depress me. I've never liked how people rail against the youth of today as the 'entitlement' generation, but I'm beginning to sympathize with their argument after some of the posts over the past few months. This is kickSTARTER people, it's here to offer you a chance to support a project from START to FINISH. If you want a product without production and development delays then wait till a product is RETAIL!!! The point of kickstarter is to help fund a project from the beginning. This means that you support it as a concept and are willing to take the ride with the company to see it through. All the people that feel they've been ripped off, scammed, etc. PLEASE don't support anymore kickstarter projects, really, because you just don't get the concept. Sorry to be negative guys, it's just really depressing to see peoples reactions and I can only imagine it's adding majorly to your (bitbanger) own stresses. Hopefully you're cool cats and can let it roll off your shoulders. I for one appreciate your work. I'm not trying to be a kiss a*s here, I just can't imagine these comments are at all helpful to the process or to your sanity in trying to bring this to market. Cheers everybody else who's been patient, understanding, and supportive! wow another delay...you guys really know how to keep a deadline. If you don't know when it will be ready for shipment it's ok, I rather hear that then get another "likely candidate" that probably will end up being delayed once again because of some kind of obscure production problem. Has anyone received their wooden coin, which was also promised to those of us that pledged $5, and up? I have not received mine, but it was stated the coins would be sent out by now. "The 26th is the most likely candidate." October? November? December? I honestly don't care, just asking since you sent me an email update. I would rather just have an update saying something went wrong (again) and we can't give you a definitive date at this time and to please continue to be patient. I'm not angry at all and pretty much forgotten this project I backed. I'm doing pretty well with nightly lucid dreaming without this device, but I thought it would have been a cool thing to try. Good luck with this project. I hope you get it completed, and if you do, I would suggest you sell the rights to it and let someone else deal with the manufacturing headaches. I really feel a little bad for the guys at Bitbanger Labs. They have to deal with around 6 thousand people, and then with production issues on their side they get to deal with almost 6 thousand angry people! They have to be as frustrated as we are with this. And if you honestly think that they are total frauds then look at the 8 projects they've backed.... what kind've fraud backs 8 other projects on this website? So nice to read these comments and see that I'm not alone in believing I've bought $80 worth of well-worded and decidedly deceptive emails. Color me skeptic, but my guess is that 'Bitbanger' is enjoying their free cash haul in a non-extradition island nation. Is the 19th still a viable shipping date? Getting excited to try this bad boy out, though I'm hoping for a quick word from the devs. I would say that being 3 days away, we're just about at the point where we should know whether they're shipping on the 19th or not. Doesn't even have to be a formal update, just drop a line here in the comments section. I'm very excited to try this product out, I'm an amateur lucid dreamer that stumbled across the ability a few years ago. Although I now have excellent dream recall, becoming lucid while dreaming is still hit or miss. Hopefully we'll have an update soon on the when these will actually ship...? I'm surprised no one has commented in the last few days. The last estimate date we were given is rapidly approaching. Will we be getting another update soon? I hope to hear some good news, and thanks to Steve and Duncan for all the hard work I'm sure they've been doing. I had a lucid dream myself last night, and I pretty much never do. Hopefully I'll have the mask soon to help. Please shoot us a quick update. You don't need to have a long post with pics (though that is nice) just a quick few sentences to let us know the latest--whether its still on schedule or not--would be great. @Kristina Just email them <email>, they'll take care of it I had a Lucid dream last night ! I was sitting in my office and my wife walked in carrying a small package. "Honey a package came for you" she said. Looking up I asked "Could you open it for me please." without thought I went back to my work. A few minutes passed and she handed me what appeared to be a sleeping mask. immediately bells went off in my head. OMG its my Remee! The long anticipated moment had arrived at last! Not wanting to waste a moment I told my wife I was going to take a nap and to please make sure no one disturbed me for the next hour. Hands shaking i read the enclosed directions, placed the device over my eyes and drifted off. I was sitting in my office and my wife walked in carrying a small package....... Hey you guys! Really looking forward to this! One quick question: you've collected shipping addresses already, yes? If so, I've just moved, so how can I change that? Thanks :) As most of us are probably getting really excited to see this hardware on our doorsteps in the next two weeks or so, an update or even a quick comment would be much appreciated. I’m on the edge of my seat for this, and I’m holding my breath that the release date stays where it is. Help us all breath easy haha. what I want to do when Remee comes... (if you start having strange lucid dreams about Samuel L. Jackson, don't blame me!) <url>"It's on its way!" post (: don't listen to the people whining. Yes, it's super late from when you quoted that shipping date to be. But again, I'd rather a finished project, than a rushed product. Haters gonna Hate. The website lists an October 2012 delivery date, is that still a reasonable expectation? Sean Callaghan: (From Kickstarter's terms of use) "The Estimated Delivery Date listed on each reward is not a promise to fulfill by that date, but is merely an estimate of when the Project Creator hopes to fulfill by." And "Kickstarter does not offer refunds. A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward." Of what I know, Bitbanger Labs is in contact with factories that create REMEE, and is therefore neither unwilling or unable to fulfill the reward. Has the money already been taken from my account for this backing ? , and if so, can I get a refund ? Surely there is some legal disclaimer whereby if I haven't got the product in a said amount of time I am entitled to a full refund ! This is becoming a joke now, Update please? This is unbelievable, I was so excited to use this over the summer in July.... MAJOR delay and not enough updates.... read the entirety of a post BEFORE commenting. Post stated, "reasonable amount" of time. that term is also used as a legal term and IS referenced many times to support the claim on a CAS REGARDLESS if it is a prototype project. Take your time and make it right. I'd be much more dissapointed getting a piece of junk quickly. With that said, I am hopeful to get it by the end of this month. Let me just say that I believe it's a fair assessment to say that the fact of the matter is that the reality of the situation is that at the end of the day it is what it is. hey.. where is my order??? I'm excited... I expected it in July..., thx Also if you are looking for what to do once you finally go lucid here is the entire gambit of the Astral Plane. <url>"It is currently available to pre-order for October 2012 delivery." Welcome to Kickstarter, Thomas. Waaayyyyyyy overdue. If I ordered the remee will I be getting a coin too? It seems unfair not to. This user's account has been deleted. Has anyone who backed something lower than the actually Remee received their prize yet? I backed just a coin. I'm not trying to rush anything, but I want to be sure it wasn't lost in the mail or something. @Bishop All you were pointing out is that you like to be a dick to people for no apparent reason. Apparently saying people should chill is enough for you to go all junior Internet detective on them I guess? I'd say we both probably need to chill out. @Geof Aberhart All I was pointing out is that you ranted on the Pebble board, but when people rant over on the Remee board, you tell them to "chill out". WTH is all I'm saying. As for me being as ass hole?? Fuck you. @Bishop: Just because I think Pebble are doing a shit-terrible job of communicating anything of substance doesn't mean I think they're a scam. I'm confident they'll deliver, and that they'll deliver a good product, I just don't expect they'll deliver until well into 2013. Bitbanger have been way more detailed about where they're at and what they're doing than Pebble have. That was my point. But feel free to be a snarky asshole again if it helps you sleep better. Also I really hope someone launches a class action suit - it'd be hilarious to watch as it gets shot down in flames. Nice one Dan! Lord only knows what the illuminati are whispering into the remee's sub routine API as we speak. Class action lawsuit? Because a prototype dream mask you supported on kickstarter is experiencing a couple months of production delays? C'mon now... Hope everything's going well guys! Dan. I've lucid dreamed and I'm not a zombie. I'm actually a Ron Paul supporter. Now stop actin so cray. Srsly <url>"reasonable" amount of time, than they would be looking at a class action suit. It's not a threat by any means, just reality in the business world. However, I myself, will continue to have faith in the company, until further notice demands all financial backers, such as myself to "show their hand". I agree with JohnBen, This is going on a bit. Dear Duncan and Steve, Thank you for all of your updates. I backed this not even knowing about Remee (great idea) or even what kickstarter was. I just took a chance and I'm glad I did. It's hard work when you have an idea; it's not that easy; good luck. What's important is that you believe in your product...Barbara "Spoiler Alert: Christmas Time 2014" There, fixed it for you, Garrett Specifics: LED order fulfillment delays. Why is this a big deal? People need to chillax. It's not like you're going to get your remee and throw it on and instantly fly around as master of the universe (well, this can happen the 1st time due to heightened expectation). Lucid dreaming still takes time and work. Time and work you could be putting in now in advance so that you can make better use of the remee when it arrives! I dunno, this is my first kickstarter project and I haven't felt any anxiety or trouble over the way things have been handled, but I guess that's just me. Regardless, now you have your specifics. Spoiler Alert: Christmas Time I don't think I'm alone when I say that I'm losing faith your company. For me, it isn't about the delay in production, for I can understand that unforeseen circumstances can delay things. I would certainly rather wait a little longer to receive a superior product than to jump the gun on something that isn't quite finished. What bothers me is that you do not seem to feel any obligation or responsibility to communicate with those who have invested in your company. 6,557 people believed in your product, your vision and your company and have given you over half a million dollars. I don't think it is unreasonable to say that you OWE it to us to keep us in the loop. If there is a problem that requires more time, that's fine, but instead of continue to push things back without any more explanation than "production delays", perhaps you could explain to us what some of the specific problems are, so that we can better understand the situation. It feels like you are running us through a bunch of smoke and mirrors, without providing us with any real information. I would rather hear, "there is a major problem with the circuit and we have to redesign the entire thing which is going to another year" than "one more month...one more month..." as nothing seems to arrive. You seemed to alleviate many of my concerns when you acknowledged your lack of customer relations and agreed to provide "weekly (or more frequent) updates". It seems like another false promise, when two days ago you spoke of an update coming that night, or first thing in the morning. That has yet to happen. I understand that things go wrong, and perhaps you are walking on eggshells not to reveal a serious problem with the product, but I would have a lot more respect for your company if you were simply honest and courteous to your investors, who have given up no small sum of cash to help make your dream a reality. Instead of ignoring us, tell us what the problem is, and as promised, please provide more updates, even if they are just about tips of lucid dreaming. We are very excited to receive the product and anxious about the very real concern that is it never going to happen, so I encourage you to do a better job about keeping us in the loop. If you can't give us Remee, please just give us updates, a picture, information, an explanation, something..... @Geof How is Pebble doing a worse job of it? I would say they're managing it better than bitbanger... they let you know 2 months before the estimated delivery that it's going to be delayed, rather than 2 days before the end of the month. Personally, if I wanted to lose my mind over the date, I'd be losing it over remee, because they didn't say it wasn't going to ship in July, until the end of July. @ Bitbanger Love you, very excited for my Remee! "Geof Aberhart on August 9 Anyone who thinks this feels like a scam because it might be a couple of months late doesn't understand Kickstarter, hasn't been paying attention to the updates, and should chill the hell out." You should take your own advice. I took a look at your backings and you're just as impatient with the Pebble. LOL. Got a lot of nerve pal. I guess I don't understand Kickstarter. Haven't received any of items I backed this year. Anyone who thinks this feels like a scam because it might be a couple of months late doesn't understand Kickstarter, hasn't been paying attention to the updates, and should chill the hell out. At least they've been up-front about it all. Look at something like the Pebble watch if you want an example of a project where the team is doing pretty much the exact opposite. Now if things get pushed back again in September, THEN you can start worrying. @Matthew Yee, No one has gotten their Remee yet. They said "we're aiming to ship in September!". Hello, update has thrown me off, did the project ship and I just didn't receive it yet? @Dbit: Thanks for the explanation. As most people do not understand, most of the kickstarter projects are done by new companies with great ideas that need supports from the internet community. As a pledger, we get better involvement with the outcome of the projects. One of the other benefit of being a supporter is that we get better price than when these products hit mass markets. But we have to realize that being a new products they will be faced with little bumps and delays as they try their best to hit the deadline. This is just how kickstarter projects will be. Basically, pledging a kickstarter project is like giving money to fund a project from maybe your brother in law, sister, friend. Because you are interested in the project that they've pitched, you put your money and faith in that project. So most of the time, these products that you are interested in, has not been built yet. They probably have a prototype of the final products, but they still need to finalize it before mass production. IMO, bitbanger has been upfront with everything that's going on and they try their best to meet the deadline. Being a pledger for pebble watch, I am a little frustrated that because of overwhelming demand, they had to push the deadline a few months than they had expected. But I know that the overwhelming demand was beyond their control and they had to find a new manufacturing company that can handle the enormous size of the orders. So for those of you who are new to kickstarter, you need to have a low expectation on the delivery date. Just keep reading on the updates. If you expect these kickstarter products to deliver early or on time, you are just fooling yourself, especially when the projects are as complex as Remee. If you cry scam or feeling betrayed, you should've just wait until this product hit the market. @World, the neurodreamer is a completely different product. I love light and sound machines but there are plenty of available options out there that are programmable and flexible to your needs not to mention won't heat up your head 10 degrees warmer. They are not however the same thing as a light cued lucid dreaming mask. To everybody crying foul, scam, getting impatient etc., the guys have been very upfront about there being some production snags and slight delays. This is a huge undertaking and it's not really surprising considering the number of units involved. Bitbanger have been keeping us updated when pertinent information is available and showing us some of their progress. I don't know what more you really want. I fear that this is (and I mean no offense by this) partly due to the fact that lucid dreaming does attract a lot of younger people (I was 14 when I got interested, 35 now) who are open to dreams, but who also have not developed a ton of patience (life kind of forces that on you over time...) or business experience. As for the business side of things there are numerous unexpected contingencies that can arise everyday that cause you to make changes, course correct, or solve a new problem. This all just comes with the territory and it's x10 when you're involved in prototyping and manufacturing. So honestly people a 2 month delay is really NOTHING in the scheme of this kind of undertaking. So please just be patient. And as for the people claiming it's a scam, really... please... I want to be nice here but that's just impolite and dishonest, but can definitely be excused if you're a teenager. I mean when you're a teenager everything's a conspiracy and a scam and the man trying to oppress you :P (not that some of that stuff isn't true!). I also fell scammed its just going to work by time and the chance of it to work when you are in your REM sleep are really low i wish i could get my money back now This user's account has been deleted. Bummer...I was looking forward to it. In the meantime maybe you can try natural techniques. How to lucid dream without machines: <url>"late July." leave 'em alone. This user's account has been deleted. I'm going to be moving soon, and since the original ship date was estimated as July, I too will need to be able to change the shipping address if its delayed much longer... I, too, would like to change the delivery address if possible. I have the same question as Maxim Fedotov: how can I change the "ship to" address? While you are waiting, you could post some images. I am interested to see more of the prototypes if you do not mind putting them out here as a update like in update #5 This user's account has been deleted. @Bitbanger: glad to hear to haven't got stuck in the limbo. A short comment, just like this one, is enough :) any updates? will the shipping date stay the same? its only a matter of minutes to post something here, ven if you are all busy getting this project ready Any updates on when we can expect to see it: ) I'm sure you're working hard on getting this out... Hmm a official update would be nice :) Is this shipping in late July? The guys in charge of this don't look at this comment section but they read and respond to the messages sent directly to them using the link near the top of this page. It's still early July and sleepwithremee.com says August, but that date is for the people who pre-order on that site and Kickstarter's will probably get it before then, this is how most projects work. For example with the pebble watch, Kickstarter's get it approximately Sep 2012 and people who pre order on their site at least 4 months later early 2013. Update? I thought this was suppose to ship out early july.... nvm i figured it out i forgot how do we check? i ordered the mask long ago +__+ i dont see it on amazon? What website is that? Their website says they'll be shipping in August. It makes sense since their production was held back when they decided to switch to a higher-quality manufacturer. If it's going to last a year/years longer than originally, then I don't mind waiting another month at all. also, will it be by trackable post I am wondering the same, Ireland here Hey, I was just wondering when an international backer (like me in the UK) would receive their Remee. I know that you start shipping late July but how long would it take to reach overseas? Hey, I was just wondering when an international backer (like me in the UK) would receive their Remee. I know that you start shipping late July but how long would it take to reach overseas? I was wondering if I can change the delivery address now For all of those that are asking about shipping, check out the FAQ. On the 19th they state Remee is expected to ship in 'Late July' Please remember that in addition to everything that goes along with manufacturing, the guys at Bitbanger are also setting up the business end of all this in a matter of a couple of months, something that can realistically often take a year or more. Be patient! Hoping to affiliate with Remee in our Spiritual Technology department, was curious to when someone would be getting back to us, sent a direct email to your lab. Hope to talk to someone soon. <url>"Your response." Click that and it should show you the survey that you sent. @mtoltec - I don't know the answer because I didn't choose that option and therefore haven't paid attention to anything related to it. However, if you want to contact Bitbanger Labs, at the top of this page, under where it says "Remee - The REM....," the line under has a blue "send message" link. Anyone know the answer to my question (below)? I remember seeing an email address to send it to in the survey, but I didn't note it down, and now that I completed the survey I can't get to that text where it showed the email address! @Ross - are you sure that the reward KS thinks you selected is for a mask? Check on the right of this page and look to see where the green "YOU SELECTED" badge is. Where do I send my custom image to (email?) for my custom mask, and in what format should I send the file? thanks! So, I received my survey a while ago, I believe it was May 29th and it didn't allow me to choose a colour to my remee, it didn't really even have a survey except the acceptance of the reward (wooden coin). I was just wondering if I could get some insight if this was normal or if I'm missing something. Thanks, Ross Was going to say "has Internet sales written all over it, not mass market retail material", as much as I wish this weren't the case. I have to agree with the below poster. I voted numerous times for Remee, but the truth is Lucid Dreamers are a long tail market if I've ever seen one. This product is perfect for online sales, communities, and things like kickstarter, but I seriously doubt ( I hesitate to use the word 'know') that this product would probably do very poorly in a mass market retail space where people generally don't think of dreams as more than a passing fascination a couple mornings a year, and have mostly never heard of Lucid Dreaming. And can you imagine the returns on this thing from people who thought you could just slip it on and have instant 'inception' experiences or supermodel sex? The device services a geographically spread out niche market. It has 'internet I have to disagree. I love the idea behind Remee, but that's because I'm already familiar with lucid dreaming. Most people have no idea what it is, which would make it a poor fit for a brick and mortar store. I would say that both Nesl and Hickies has more potential in the general marketplace - everyone wears shoes, and everyone can relate to stuff cluttering up their desks. Remee is a fantastic niche product, which makes Kickstarter a good starting point, and I don't think it will suffer from not being sold in stores. It might have done better than expected, but I can't blame the Brookstone people for going with a safer choice. pwkno, Well, "the potential for success in the marketplace" should have been pretty clear by the amount of backers each of the products have. The fine print for the contest says that "the winner will be selected based on the following criteria (the "Winner Criteria"): (1) number of votes received in Round 3 as compared to the other Finalists (33 1/3%); (2) the potential for success in the marketplace, as compared to the other Finalists (33 1/3%); and (3) the potential for success specifically at Brookstone® retail stores and on Brookstone.com, (33 1/3%)." So the votes did not count for everything. Maybe Brookstone thinks that Nesl will sell better than Remee. Fucking Nesl cheated consipracy. the nesl dudes must have cut em up and divided each of em nesls into zombies. Lul on my last vote it was Remee, Hickies, and nothing else was close- now it's nesl, hickies, remee? pretty weird. I was thinking the same, Kamil. Nesl's amount of backers is about 12.8% of what Remee has. Maybe people didn't vote? I would believe that at least a thousand of remee's backers would vote every day. How could nesl win with only 843 backers and barely getting over its goal when remee has 6557 backers and the 1000% of its goal something doesnt seem right Last I looked a couple days ago remee was way in the lead. That does sound sketchy. Internet votes are so easy to buy. Remee in bbc news: <url>"announce" (translation: not necessarily start selling) a Nova Dreamer 2 in July. I guess they looked at your kickstarter and saw dollars to be made. Disgusting. Keep voting guys! %35! So...when will the survey take place? I'm very excited and anxious to use my new Remee! Please, when will we be receiving them? (For those of us who backed up enough for one...) that's automatically picking up REM*** Is there a chance of picking up REM in the (hopefully near) future, like zeo does? I can't believe Nesl is now tied with this Remee. I don't even understand the usefulness of Nesl, let alone think it an ingenious invention Just voted again after receiving you email. Best of luck! This is a cool product, keep up the good work! Good luck with the Brookstone contest! I've been voting every day and the last stat showed that hickies thing for shoes getting closer. Movies are not the real thing. Forget tokens. They may have dramatic value for the movie but most dreams are boring strange but boring. Part of the trick will be to improve them. Unless this is magic it will still take effort to make work. This is simply a device that does not detect REM but assumes it will happen X hours into sleep. There is the cost savings. Maybe if this does not work for you try sound, as in set your watch alarm to count down for four hours. Never worked for me but maybe for you. Maybe because very few dreams have sounds. For being programmable and tested and such the price is quite reasonable but not magic. For some people it will work the first time but likely not again without practice. This cue might not work for everyone, it is simply a cue that has been reported to work. You have to start some place. This is a new way to sleep. It will take time to learn. I was charged on 5/22 also. Excited! Ok, turns out my Amazon account was on hold so the charge couldn't go through. It's fixed now, but the charge was never made, so I can't reconfirm it. Is it possible for you guys to recharge me? Is there another way I can pay you guys for it? Remee has 51% of the votes as of 11:20PM, May 23rd! Keep it up! My acct was charged 5/22. Hey guys, can you use a lucid dream token as a reality check (like inception) or does that not work? Thanks. I still can't make the payment - when I click the link kickstarter gives me, I see a completely blank list of payments. Any help? I recently watched the documentary "What are dreams?" by Nova and it uncovered a recently discovered fact: we NOT ONLY dream during REM sleep. This means that Remee is actually superior to its competitors in the sense that it will help you become lucid in both REM and non-REM dreams! Go Remee! Reset was planned, now only 6 ppl to divide, but hmm, not really sure we'll win now :( "but if we win we're going to add some extra stuff in for our kickstarter backers " Even if, extra stuff or more color choice would have been nice Looks like they reset the votes in the contest! We must get Remee back up to the top: <url>"register (Insert credit card name here)" All right! I just got charged :D Can't wait for the survey! Keep up the good work I just got charged! Cant wait for the survey and finished product! :D Cheers from Sweden! so... when is the survey? :D Um... I bought a pre-paid credit card worth 100 and it said that my transaction failed.... I just checked... all the money is still on that card -.-' What he hell... I bought the 80 deal with the 15 fr shipping... somehow amazon can't get 95 dollars out of a 100 dollar card...? Help :( I can't wait! Congrats! Congrats on your funding! I can't wait to get my new Remee! Looking forward to my future dreams. #Member of the Tex Murphy backers# Paid in full!!! Your bank account must look BALLIN right now hahaha! Congrats guys, now let's see these ship a month early!! Just got the note about being charged. Can't wait till I can fly... :) Just got charged, can't wait until I get it! Charged! :) I received the amazon payment confirmation just now Can't wait to try my sleep out with this. I still havn't been charged by amazon either :/ Hey Guys!!! You're getting some international press! Congratulations!<url>#7 email that explained if you happened to forget the international shipping charges, you can pay the additional $15 directly to Stephen McGuigan through Paypal just as another option for those who are in the same situation..Cheers @ Travis, there is a option where you can fill out the "95" $ with your number block. When I made my pledge of 80 dollars i didn´t see the option for the additional 15 for international shipping.. does anyone know if the shipping charge will be added later when the masks are sent out? how will that work? i did recieved an email confirming that i had purchased a mask.. happy lucid dreaming folks! Not charged... When we should get the survey mail? For a frequent lucid dreamer, my problem is recognizing that I'm dreaming. I always ask myself "Is this a dream?" and I fail to recognize it as such. This mask is going to be so freakingly awesome once I can program myself to recognize it. I'm just beginning to be able to control my surroundings and sometimes the people that appear. Try taking half a 200mg nicotine pill just before napping. this is for those who can fall asleep within 10 - 20 mins. You will get one hell of a vivid dream, lucid or not. Plus, when you wake up, you feel really refreshed :) I also backed the Zboard and the money was charged a week later. But they said it would be up to a week for it to come off the card. So I'm not sure about these. I've not been charged either... whats going on? Reporting same problem... Guys, what's happening? Or it's just a lucid dream I see now? :) Yes, I have not been charged too. same here, not charged yet I haven't been charged either. This is unusual - normally Kickstarter collects the money immediately. vv same problem has anyone else not been charged yet? @ Emma - they're going to send out a survey with questions like shipping address and color. how do you choose a color? Congratulations, Bitbanger Labs! I'm very excited to try Remee. The amount of new backers during the last day was incredible. SURPRISE! Well done, half a million. :0 :0 :0 :0 :0 THATS REMEETASTIC! World-: I haven't been charged yet Congratulations :D waiting for the survey This user's account has been deleted. Great job guys. Congratulations and thank you for making this possible! ♥♥ I am in the same situation like Ernani is. Can I still manage the pledge to add the international shipping cost? Let me know! Got my $80 with 2 minutes left!! Congrats on the successful funding! Great to see another idea on it's way to success. I pledged U$80 instead of U$95 (U$15 for international shipping). What shoud I do now? It's too late to change the value? Can I donate the other U$15 apart? Congrats! Now give me my REMEE!! ;-p I'm just so happy I found out about this project in time as I'm always the last to find out about anything! CONGRATS TO BITBANGERS LABS :D <3 Congratulations, Bitbanger Labs! You did it! (Not like that was much of a question after the first few days) Yesss 5 seconds! Yay! :D Well this is certainly a thing that is getting funded in a couple minutes Lets hit 600k in 23 mins :D also..... EVERYONE dont forget to vote every day until May 29th for the Brookstone competition! <url>"Reality Checks". (Of course a dream log/diary, as said before, is very important in order to recall dreams). I had my first LD within a week after I started doing RCs. Anyway what I wanted to say was: START NOW AND DO NOT WAIT FOR THE MASK. It wont magically make you lucid if you dont have experience. (Even the skilled dreamers need some time and practise to realize the flashing lights in dreams) Sorry, for the long comment, it just bothers me that mostly half of the backers think this is a 100% chance to become lucid every night... There is an awesome site @ dreamstudies.org for lucid dreaming and related topics. Ryan is awesome in his work in dreams. Also he interviewed on a podcast @ iamubermensch.com where he talks about lucid dreaming. To Jacob, I'd say just do research online, so much info out there!! The things that helped me become lucid after many failed nights was: writing a dream log (or/and diary) After I did my log, I was lucid the same night. WBTB technique works a treat for me, great for newbies. Also, reality checks are an important thing for me, I'm always doing it...Be aware of your own awareness. Being uber aware in your waking life makes me have LD more. There are so many webistes online =D 60 hours to go.... o.O :) Books that helped me: Exploring the World of Lucid Dreaming / Advanced Lucid Dreaming - The Power of Supplements / William Bulhman's 2 books - astralinfo.org / Multidimensionalman.com / the forum Dreamviews.com Had never heard of Lucid dreaming before stumbling onto Remee! Sounds freaking AWESOME so I just ordered my own :D , can't wait to try it for myself! Me and my brother are going nuts thinking of what a guy could do in a lucid dream :P Any suggested reading or tips for starting trying to Lucid dream? I'm going to have to say around 6,500-7,000 backers before the countdown comes to an end. GO remee! Wow! This is pretty amazing. I keep doing regular checks on this site to see the progress (as well as reality checks :P ) Does anyone think they'll get to 6000 + backers, 6500, 7000 backers? :O BOOM 500 GRAND! Remee definitely works. We made a version of it in house and it works like a charm. We are preparing for it's release Much more comfortable than our mock up... We are preparing by releasing A lucid Reality... <url>"How to get out of a lucid dream and possible risks" has been discussed already. But what about the other way round? Once in a while you have one of these really bizarre days, where strange things happen to you, like you bump into favourite band, who asks you for the way to the venue of their gig today and then invites you to join them for rehearsal. Stuff like this, where you ask yourself every five minutes whether you are awake or dreaming. How do you verify that you are not in a lucid dream but real life? @david b. you pick out the color after the funding period, they should send out a survey. @carla L. you add the international fee right now. lets say you want the normal remee, you would pay 95$ instead of the 80$ so just go to "manage your pledge" and sort it out, and when you get the survey just point out that the extra 15$ is for the international fee hope that answers some questions Angelia so sad about the nightmares I hope these put smiles on your face! I am in awe, what an awesome idea, so proud to simply support this idea and can't wait to attempt the lucid dream.cheers! And Happy Mother Day to all When I pay for the freight internationally? Can’t wait until July when I have this bad boy ;) Everyone, we need to practice as much as we can and improve on our waking awareness, lucid skills and prepare our minds until we have Remee! :') I'm 19 in a couple of days but found out about Lucid dreaming when I was 15 so I know the work and dedication needed. I hope when Remee is up and running, there is a site where there are forums/chat rooms where Remee users can come together and talk about our experiences and share advice. LDing isn't just fun. It's an Art, it’s an experience which can be compared to no other "earthly" one, a personal journey into our minds and far beyond :') HAPPY DREAMING EVERONE! Lots of love <3 More than 5000 backers! Well done Ummmm when do i get to select the color for the mask? Can't wait!! dose this actually work? i guess i will find out when i get mien :P I really, really hope this works. I have NEVER experienced a lucid dream. Not once! This is probably because well, besides that I'm dreaming, I kinda just accept things as they come. Not good for realizing things are dreams. For the past few years I've had nothing but nightmares, so I'm hoping dreaming can become something enjoyable once more with this device. I'm a member of dreamviews.com , and I've had a few lucid dreams over the past year, but it is difficult to keep a consistent schedule of reality checks and WILD attempts with a busy work/college life. Backed $80 because I think one of these masks will make things much easier. My gf isn't as into the whole concept of lucid dreaming so I didn't get the twofer after asking, but I don't mind sharing if all of the sudden she thinks it's awesome. If you go out and buy a lucid dreaming book carefully read the description first because most of them are the same rehashed version of information you can find in other books or online for free. Becoming lucid is a serous hobby, but one has to understand the underlying concept of why a person has them. It's all about understanding logic, getting a different perspective on lucid dreaming that'll make you say "aha, I get it now", then lucid dreaming will become much, much easier. Remember, you can't consciously get more of what you perceive the mind lacks. Our imagination.... feeds our minds. I'm day away From my completion of A Lucid Reality, it's a book based on thousands of hours of nothing but lucid dream testing by me and my team at Brown Marketing. I have at minimum 4 lucid dreams per week. I've had weeks where I've had one every day but that's a balancing act. In the book I go over why people have problems lucid dreaming, new ideas about lucid dreaming and even new methods. I lucid dream so much that it's literally a second life to where I'm familiar with my dream guides. I love lucid dreaming and can't wait to share how easy it is. My company backed this Remee device because not only is it a great inclusion to the lucid dreaming world but also because we are using a similar idea that's a bit more manual than this product. Our similar manual method makes lucidity insanely easy. But now that Remee is coming this will definitely help those of you who are struggling significantly. We would call Remee the 3rd step process. Lucidity is much, much easier than most think. To check out my up coming book in which I also mention the the Bitbanger Labs go to <url>"Hey, red lights is Remee, this is a dream", you will already be lucid. Reality checks are done in a non-lucid environment out of habit, in order to make you realize you're dreaming. Doing a reality check after realizing the Remee lights (and becoming lucid) is recommended though. It will help stabilize the dream and lucidity so you won't slip unconscious as easily as you would without doing it. Would you need to do a reality check (like for normal lucid dreaming) once you see red lights, or would the red lights act as your reality check? Since the remee does not yet have the ability to detect rem sleep, I wonder if using a device such as the Zeo sleep manager to determine your sleep cycle info would be helpful in fine tuning the remee cues to ones rem sleep. Please make some sort of guidebook for lucid dreaming, it would be useful. You guys who developed this are brilliant. I've been studying, researching, and experimenting with dreams for awhile now and keeping a dream journal and such, so when I learned about the remee I was very excited, of course. I can't wait to get one, and thank you so much to the geniuses who made the remee a reality. I'm playing around with a mobile app that allows you to conveniently write your dream journal from your iPhone. Possibly even share your story in a tumblr dream blog fashion. (dream journals are fundamental to lucid dreaming) Does this sound interesting? If yes, how would you like it to work? If no, please let me know why :) Thanks Twitter: @JonasNielsen I agree with Zhou Yeran. A small guidebook for lucid dreaming would be great to have along with the Remee REMEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! @Dbit, thanks dude. You've been a great help. @Dbit : Thanks for the info ;) I know what to do then, follow your advice that is haha! Even with Remee lucid dreaming still requires lots of practice. How about including a guidebook/training log with each Remee to help people master lucid dreaming with this device? Just a thought. ;D @Nick, apparently after the funding date you'll be sent a questionnaire where you will enter things like the color you want nd your preferred shipping address. Possibly a weird question??? Are they going to deliver it to my billing address????? @Michael: I haven't personally read it, although I've spoken with many others who have. The book you mention is a shrunk down version with just the techniques, but none of the fleshing out of the research. I've heard it has a few updates and anecdotes, which means I'll probably buy it as I'm a huge Laberge fan, but in general it's consider a shrunk down version of EWOLD stripped of anything but the techniques. EWOLD is such an amazing book which will radically inform anyone interested on dreams, not just on lucid dreaming, but on dream research in general. Since Laberge's time at Standford there have been some interesting developments in dream research, in trying to understand non-rem dreams, the relationship between cortical activation and dreaming as opposed to just rem as an indicator, and things of this nature, but there really hasn't been a tremendous amount of lucid dream research such as that which was done by Laberge. The EWOLD book still represents the largest collection of information on the subject to date. As I understand it, the book you mention was boiled down for people who just want the techniques. In my experience the information surrounding the techniques in EWOLD helps strengthen the ability to become lucid and understand dream mechanics in more detail. Plus, it's a great easy read. I still consider it one of my life's most enjoyable reads! For what it's worth! : ) @ dbit: The book you mention from Laberge is from '94, one of his more recent books is ""Lucid Dreaming: A Concise Guide to Awakening in Your Dreams and in Your Life"". This one is from 2009. Have you read this one too? The below is an excerpt from EWOLD about the now out of production DreamLight mask. It describes how the lights may come through in dreams and what signs to be looking/training for: incorporations of the light are much like dreamsigns. We all fail several times nightly to realize that we are dreaming, despite the inevitable occurrence of impossibly anomalous events that could only occur in dreams. This is not because we have psychological blocks against becoming lucid, but because we have not sufficiently prepared ourselves to recognize dreamsigns. When prepared to notice events that could be caused by the flashing lights of the DreamLight, dreamers can be remarkably astute in noticing the light and using it to become lucid: I am in a tour group sitting in a theater watching a film when the screen goes dark and then red in an abstract geometric pattern and I realize that it is the DreamLight and I am dreaming. The light stimulus appears in dreams in many ways. DreamLight users have reported five distinct types of incorporation: • Unchanged incorporations—The light appears in the dream as it does when the DreamLight wearer is awake. For example: “I saw a flashing light like the stimulus when I'm awake.” • Incorporations as dream imagery—The light becomes part of the dream imagery. For example: “I noticed the room lights flashing.” • Incorporations as light superimposed on dream scene— The light enters the dream as uniform illumination that does not seem to come from a source in the dream imagery. For example: “Two flashes of light filled my field of vision.” • Incorporation as a pattern superimposed on scene--The light causes the dreamer to see brilliant patterns, sometimes geometric or “psychedelic.” For example: “I see a beautiful pattern in gold and yellow with di-amonds within one another.” • Incorporation as pulsation in the dream scene—Instead of seeing the light, the dreamer seems to see only the fluctuation caused by the flashing. For example: “I noticed a vague flickering in the environment.” Someone earlier suggested that its helpful to start reality testing now, ahead of time, whenever we encounter strange light phenomenon. People without a rudimentary understanding of the mechanics of lucid dreaming should start reading up and studying now. The mask won't do the work for you. Rather it provides a steady and reliable cue with which to recognize tha you may be dreaming. But becoming more conscious of your dreams, generating intent, increasing recall and thus memory activation in the dream state, this stuff is up to you. So for the newcomers, start studying up! Recommended starting point: Stephen Laberge's book "Exploring the World of Lucid Dreaming". This is the man who scientifically established and verified the existence of lucid dreaming. @Jared, I understand your concerns with the mask and let me tell you that these blinking red lights are unique. You've probably read that this method has been used in lab studies (making the person realize they are in a dream through light exposure), and the reason why its so effective is because it doesn't look like anything you would experience in real life, it isn't like staring at a red LED. When you are dreaming and you do "sense" these red lights they'll appear out of nowhere and they will appear in a sequence that you can easily identify. The point is that your brain never experiences a phenomena such as sudden faint red dots blinking through your line of vision seemingly out of thin air. Its almost sci-fi robot overlord esque no? Hehe, anyway that is why it is so effective but you are right, it takes more than the mask to lucid dream, it'll vary from person to person. I am stunned and excited you guys got almost 10x the amount for which you asked. That is simply astounding! It really shows you touched on a market that was ripe for the picking. Your competition must be so mad right now because you have essentially democratized the LD experience. Great job and I can't wait to experience it for myself. I will dream about being into Diablo III, that comes out on 15th May :D:D:D Yup, it doesn't do all the work for you <url>"lets" you take control of your dreams so much as it's designed to make it much easier for YOU to take control of your dreams. - Lucid dreaming is a real thing, but from what I understand this isn't a mask that manages to guarantee you'll lucid dream so much as it blinks well-positioned red lights over your eyes as you sleep which you'll have to make sure you train your mind to respond to even when dreaming. As in, associate blinking red lights with reality-check behaviour, like every time you see blinking red lights in real life make sure to question if you're dreaming and to test if you can fly or something, so that when red lights assault you in your dreams you'll become aware of your dream. - That's my understanding anyway. Perhaps it's different for a few people though, like some lighter sleepers might instantly recognize any form of actual stimulus (the red lights) as foreign and realise they're in a dream. Though you'll have to tweak the settings a bit to get the lights at the right level of intensity I think, so that you notice them if you're a deep sleeper and so they don't wake you up if you're a light sleeper. - Anybody, correct me if I'm wrong though! I'm not trying to rain on anybody's parade, I just don't want people to be disappointed if they don't get what they thought they were going to! =O - - Incidentally, with the update that everybody will get coins now, does that include $5 pledges that previously were US backers only? I just heard about this now, I have to say it really blows my mind. I never thought there even was a device that could alter dreams let alone let you take control of your dreams. This project sounds really awesome since you guys are making the ultimate device, it's built for comfort, easy use, and being affordable. It's even cooler seeing how much support this project has gotten, far beyond the goal. Featured you on: www.IDEASY.org If you ever have more projects with an edge one is able to create an account and tell the story :) And once you get answers, reply here :D For most of you asking specific questions and not getting answers, click the send message link that is right under the Remee title and send them a direct message. They are usually pretty quick to respond to those but don't seem to be visiting this comment thread very often. Hello! I noticed on your video the PCB has some I/O pinholes. Will the version with flexible circuitry keep these? Maybe you could have most of the board be flexible and then through a ribbon have a little hard board on the side with the I/O? Have you given any thought as to integrating this with a device like Zeo so you can know when REM starts? You guys have plans for us to be able to program the Remee via a website. Will it be possible via an app on an ipod/iPad or Android? Or as a downloadable program? I don't have internet access 24/7, and I can see myself trying a different setting when I am already in bed or after waking in the middle of the night. Please look into it, thanks. Excellent work fellas. I'm glad to see someone broke the marketing obstacle that has blocked lucid dreaming devices for a long time. The social network will let you reach those early adapters and hopefully those same people will reach out to their network of potential oneironauts. Since this lacks REM-detection, I would greatly stress to buyers that the WBTB method is what would work best with a timed delay of stimuli that is most likely to active during REM-4 or REM-5. I look forward to seeing what becomes of this. Maybe it's just the "spark" that the oneironaut community needs to go mainstream..... This is awesome. I already practiced lucid dreaming and I love it. I was only able to lucid dream about 1-3 day out of the week. I got to the point when I was recording every dream through sleeping cycles. Then I lost it. Schedule got too busy, couldn't concentrate anymore. Now I am back to once a month, kinda sucks. I hoping this might help with my dream recall too. It sucks only being able to remember the start of your lucid dream. I have my hopes up for you guys, can't wait to try this thingy out! With the amount of backers the only thing I am worried about is quality control =/. It doesn't detect rem. that would involve more systems and sensors which in turn create more bulk and expense. This system will have a very customizable and programmable system of delays, cues, and modes (via a web interface) to optimize your chances of triggering during rem. if you use one of the many other sleep mapping technologies out there to determine your rem patterns you can program the remee to target your personal rem periods more effectively. How does it tell when you are in REM sleep? You'll get to choose on May 18 or soon after Just pledged, so STOKED for this. I've been working on this for almost a year now and only occasionaly become lucid. How do we get to pick our color? i didn't see an option... @John Luker They won't receive a penny until the campaign's end. Around two weeks after that, even, I'm told. So their being busy, however true that is, can't have anything to do with the goal being blown past. I was only comparing with other projects (many of which have also blown well past their initial goal), anyway. ^^ I am ready to give Remee a go! Talked about Lucid dreaming a long time ago with some friends but lost track of the idea more or less in the years after, but Remee awakened it again. In my case I always have very Vivid and very strange or surreal dreams even (must lay off the Sci fi and Fantasy books/games/movies maybe!), but I never recodnize the fact that it's a dream. Remee sounds very promising, kicking in when I'm allready fast asleep with my own programmable sequence that I made fully conscious in waking state. Very curious if that would the one thing to turn me Lucid in dreamland. In for the space twofer option :P I was reading through the description and going to ask for a nap mode but there already is one. Great! @Atarun: With 22 days to go they've already hit 8X their goal. I'd imagine they are pretty busy. At least I hope they are. Of all projects I'm following, this one has the fewest updates... :'( Thanks Dbit, i'm on it. Will hopefully hear back soon. Right now i only had 1 real lucid dream experience and since then i feel like that guy from Star Trek 7 who wants to get back into the Nexus. @Thomas, I have died more than once in my dreams with no real life trauma afterwards. In the dreams there was some sort of after-life. Maybe it isn't possible to dream you are dead and gone. Certain physiology studies suggest that "seeing is believing" to the brain during any mental state. If the brain perceives something with great clarity or intensity, it will believe that it is real, even when asleep. - Wikipedia. With the quote above from wiki, would we be affected if we died in the dream because our brain decides so? Zachary, why don't you send that question to the bitbanger guys using the 'send message' link above, and post the answer you receive on here. They seem to be pretty quick at responding to direct messages, but don't seem to be very active here in the comments section. I'd like to know the answer to this as well. Bit of a query: How durable is your prototype? I tend to move around a bit in my sleep and so does my wife, I am worried I will roll over and just snap the fragile innards. -Very excited to fund and try out this product. From what I understood you'll receive a survey on may 18th or shortly after, where you'll have to give infos, address, colour... Also you're not charged yet, so you still got 26 days to decide, as international buyers, you select 80 Pledge but write 95$ So I made my 80 dollar donation, how exactly is this going to work? I haven't seen any method of selecting which colour I want, or even a statement regarding the extra 15 dollars I will have to pay for shipping. Am I supposed to just wait for it to come out before I get to choose, will the 15 dollars just be automatically taken from my card or something? I really wish there was some clarification on the matter. Losphel - I just read that some JME can be photosensitive, so I'd double check and make sure that you were specifically checked for this condition, although again, the stimulus is probably too short and weak to trigger an episode. But, I'd just err on the safe side. Thanks for the reply Dbit. Much appreciated. I am diagnosed juvenile myocolonic epilepsy which is not photosensitive. I've contacted Bitbanger, so hopefully I'll get some clarifications from them. Ps I'm not photosensitive and use a light and sound machine regularly, although these devices which do present constant and regular light flashing throughout a full session, do come with warnings for epileptics. You should message the bitbanger guys directly for an answer about this. Without being a medical doctor, but someone who has had seizures, there's always a risk for epileptics from flashing lights, but it would help if you knew if your epilepsy was photosensitive or not. This may have been determined by the neurological exam which diagnosed your epilepsy. I your epilepsy is not triggered by photic stimulation you'll probably be ok, although again, I'm not a doctor. Even photosensitive epileptics often need to be presented with a regular unchanging repetitive stimulus for some time to evoke a seizure. My guess is that this stimulus is too short and weak to trigger an episode. As far as Lucid Dreming, very well balanced people have been practicing various levels of control for thousands of years (monks doing dream yoga) with no negative health results. Laberge's wok at Stanford has shown no negative side effect from Luis dreaming or dream control. The large majority of your drems will still be normal dreaming. Kickstarter has always been about making dreams into reality; I guess this time, it's almost literally! On a serious note though, I do wonder how safe it is to use. There are so many variables involved. For example, I have epilepsy and so my brain patterns are probably different, especially since I take tablets to control it. How would that affect me? Also, will being able to control your dreams affect either physical or mental health (negatively or positively?) Can we determine when we want to terminate a dream and how will it affect the passage of time, since dreams last different lengths? Then there are other conditions such as sleep apnea. Would it be safe for those people who suffer from it? Likewise with those who have a tendency to sleepwalk. I understand that those are a lot of questions, but I think it's important that comprehensive information is given in regards to health and safety of the Dreaming Mask (especially when putting it on the market in the future) and not just the effectiveness of it. Congratulations on all the work you've done so far and keep dreaming! I used to have an old Super Nova Dreamer, the Stephen LaBerge created version of this product. It takes a lot of practice to use this sort of system, but it definitely works over time. Ok, I just gotta ask. Would you be able to do Neil Gaiman's Sandman on a custom one? He's just seems spot on for this. @Alok Choudhary You will recieve an email around the 18th of may, with I think a survey (so you would be able to choose then). I have chosen space exploration remee ($100) but how to select design of my choice ? anyone clue ? just got the space age editions (: thanks guys, I cant wait to build a Go-Cart with my ex landlord! @jonagpa <url>"Sleep Cycle", you just put your phone under your sheet.. Works like a charm. Hi guys, has anyone heard of 'FitBit'? It's a little pedometer that also tracks your sleep, in a rough, slightly impractical way. Basically it tracks your movement while you're in bed (motion will cause a spike). It may be possible to use the data picked up from the unit and transfer it to a personal Remee account that creates an 'average' pattern for your sleep to make the light timer more accurate over time. What could be cool is if the mask could later communicate directly with the fitbit device and once movement is tracked (after allowing time for you to fall asleep of course..) it triggers the lights to start up. The remee does not have any sensor apparatus for tracking anything, nor an input/storage medium for this data. The design of remee has been made to be sleek, comfortable, and affordable. Maybe at some point they'll build. 'remee deluxe' but in general you're talking bout a more bulky and expensive device. Part of the Idea of remee was to create a simple lucid dreaming mask that could be brought to the masses in an affordable way. I like the idea of tracking sleep. I wonder what is the best way to do this with out adding more hardware to the Remee? maybe you can use a similar method to the programming of the remee but in reverse. make the remee flash its lights and the phone via an app interpret the light flashes as data. you would have to manually do it daily, which will be inconvenient but you wont change the design of the remee. this will keep the delivery date the same and no additional cost other than app development. Could be really great if Remee can be used also for tracking sleep! So that the system will be able to record information about sleep like start-end of rem phases and so on... Adding a Bluetooth transmitter in it, it can be connected to any Android device and it helps to track sleeps, to modify configurations... @Seth Hoch they should send out a survey once everything is ready asking for your information like address, what color you want, ect. I'd like ta bring up robsonlpds's question. When do we chose what color? When the project is funded? This is the first project on here that I've ever backed, very much looking forward to recieving this product! @IceCreamPirate: 1) We are not talking large numbers, but we are talking about something like 2,000 remees. This breaks down to 2,000 masks and 12,000 LEDs. In business these are tiny numbers where the smallest unit of sale is 10,000 or even 100,000 items. Therefore many wholesellers will not even have any interest in doing business with the guys. 2) Discounts are not linear but are given when passing a certain point, e.g. ordering 1,000,000 items. With tiny orders you will not pass many discount points. 3) The production process will not be highly automated, but mainly manual work. So you cannot just speed up the machine to increase output per hour and by it divide your fix costs over far more units, which subsequently brings the price per unit down (which allows the producer to give a discount). When the production time per remee consists of mainly manual work it does not matter if you produce ten or a thousand units. Time per unit will not come down much. 4) A larger than expected order number might even have the opposite effect. Large order numbers will stretch the logistics. Buying more parts at once means you have to store far more boxes somewhere in your workshop (space is limited), get the correct configurations produced (that is the various designs), and in the end get all the remees with the correct design shipped to their respective buyers, not to mention to get the packages right for people who ordered more than one. e.g. one day they might produce red remees and one day blacks and have to store the reds until the black is ready to put both in one package... Packaging material itself is bulky, as well. In order to get that many remees produced in short time they might have to hire an additional worker, who also needs a workplace. This all might require to rent additional storage or shop-space. @olaf Typically you get a discount the more volume you order. I would be really surprised if the cost per unit didn't come down because of the volume of parts they are ordering. I would like to hear your reasoning why larger volume does not decrease costs. Can all the electronic components be removed so that the mask can be washed? Had to join kickstarter for this project. I've been intrigued by lucid dreaming ever since watching Waking Life a few years ago. Excited to try the Remee! @Al Calavicci I didn't really practice much to be lucid yet, but all I can say, there must be something real behind all this ! I suggest you check this forum <url>{sorry for my english, i'm from brazil} @Nick (from the FAQ at the bottom of the project home) What about batteries? How long will they last? Are they replaceable? Remee was designed to use virtually no power unless the lights are actually flashing. Because of this it can run for a number of months one a single, tiny 3V coin cell battery. The battery is inexpensive and can be replaced easily via a pocket in the mask. Does it run off of bateries? Or does one need to charge it? So how do we know that it works? Obviously it is a great idea but the video never really said you guys used it. I wish it came with headphones Why not dream with your eyes open? <url>#1337 now that's LEET LOL. Hey Question! sleepwithremee.com. . Will the site be available once the remee has shipped? @Damien: Just because they get more backers does not mean that the production costs per unit are coming down. Well, since they are getting way more backers and funds than planned, and that there is still 40 days to go, I think they could consider it (or give a discount on it if you buy a mask), maybe not yet, but in a weeks or two, who knows @Roger: Also if you think about it, when the mask is available after the fund date, its going to be $95, so if you pledge the extra $15 now its almost like getting it for free. @Roger: I messaged the guys the day it came out and the answer is no. You don't get the journal. The journal is actually costly for them to make. So if you want it you pledge thee extra $15. =] This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. @Roger Lee: So if I get the 10-bundle, i get the others too, so I have 13? noo, kickstarter definitively doesnt work that way :D This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Does the $80 give you the remee AND the dream journal? Will Remee ship earlier than July since it was funded so quickly? <url>#1000! Btw, I built something like this back in around 1995 or 1996... It connected to a parallel port on a 386... My issue back then was no laptop or pc by the bed lol, but it was fun to build. Wanted to be the 1000th to invest but couldn't wait any longer. I'm never experienced lucid dreaming yet, read about it few month ago, but 2 days ago found this project and think I'm all into it. I'm aware the device won't do the job for me, but it could help. Would be nice to get REM Sensor even if not a must have, still a good thing. Just hope customs won't add too much tax for this =s Just joined kickstarter to invest in this project, I hope the best for the creators! I don't really think REM sensor is needed. Sure, it would make a gadget more "advanced", but there is not much practical need for it. It would just drain battery faster while not playing any significant part in the performance. Adjusting the proper brightness of LEDs so you don't see them while in deep sleep phase should do just fine. I've got a similar alarm clock which wakes me up in the morning during REM (easier to wake up while feeling better). It does not have any fancy sensors, just a proper volume of the signal which you don't hear if not in REM phase. Works like a charm. By the way, i joined kickstarter and became a backer just for this project. It is so awesome. This user's account has been deleted. I have been into lucid dreaming for a while now and I think that this project is incredible. Backed with 80$. Can't wait to try it. hopefully this works well , i've placed my order ! So excited to be able to lucid dream about using all the other kickstarter projects i couldn't afford. Thank you for making my life twice as long! I would also like to know what it would take to get 2 Remee! Whats the best method to get 2 -- or 2 custom ones? New pledge levels needed, wait until pledge time or just change the amount and sort it out later? from reddit.. "Since it appears the project will have more funding than needed, consider adding a REM sensor. The original Lucidity NovaDreamer mask had an infrared sensor that would attempt to detect when REM sleep was happening, and trigger the LEDs at that time. It would also store a log of when REM happened, and with the (expensive, clunky) computer interface these could be loaded into a computer. There was also a button to shut off the LEDs." is this possible? But seriously people on dreamviews have been talking about making a mask like this for years but no one has been able to make it a reality. Kickstarter truly is amazing This is going to be amazing. Saw this and you've compelled me to sign up for not only Remee but Kickstarter as well. Good luck on the rest of the project! If we throw you an extra $5 can we get the wooden coin? Thanks for simplifying a neat toy/useful tool in a cost effective way! For us fans of Arduino out here, do you have any plans for expansion/hackability that might allow an IR sensor (to detect eye movements) to be added in some way? I've only been able to lucid dream maybe 2-3 times in my life. Holy crap if this thing even remotely works, I'm lining up my sleeping pills and taking some pto from work! That is of course until The Dark Knigh Rises comes out in July. But then I'll just be able to dream that "I'M BATMAN!" Any chance that with the extra funds you could add an IR REM detector so it knows when to flash? I know it's asking a lot since the prototypes already work, but it may be something to consider. When I was a kid I used to lucid dream every night. I would do nothing but fly around the Earth and and race up canyons between mountains. As I got older, the ability to control my dreams was lost to me. This project gives me hope that myself and others may experience the joy I once did. I can't afford the $80 pledge for a Remee right now but take my $5, I hope it helps. Hmm... you can "manage your pledge" and increase the amount manually. You should probably message them at some point and tell them you want a coin too! That's what I'm doing... hoping for the best (and a coin). This user's account has been deleted. It looks like we won't get the smaller rewards, but I'm just going to donate another $5 so I can get a coin! Will the $80 backers also get the previous rewards? Just pledged $80 and was wondering if you could post some successful lucid dream stories that the prototype yielded. How often are you having lucid dreams with the prototype? what does it look like in your dreams? How long is the ideal time to set the light timer for you? etc. Thanks and looking forward to trying mine out! This user's account has been deleted. I'm OK, I've got my spinning totem! I researched lucid dreaming in high school seven years ago and have been patrolling the one rem sleep mask I knew about at the time since then. It went out of production and I could never find one on eBay so this was an instant backing for me. Holy crap! I think this was just funded over night! Looked at 2 minutes before I had to leave work and checked this morning. Was fully funded. I'm in for $80! Hope your product gets released soon. Cheers! Hackerz are democratizing the world one gadget at a time. This one is 147 euros: <url>"Waking Life" back in high school. That was about 10 years ago and since then I've stopped practicing making myself become lucid. Haven't had a lucid dream in a really long time. This definitely rekindled my interest. You had me @ bistro with Ellen Page. Shut up and take my money! Also, best of luck with the project!