To any that come to this comment section. To my records all of these have shipped. If you haven't received it for some reason please DM me or email at <email> and we'll get it taken care of. Kyung, I've sent you a DM for confirmation and details. Thanks so much. Bruce, check my PM to you when you can. Got hung up with the shipping label somehow. @rocksmasher, I sent over a reply to your DM. all others should be in process or finished. Thank you!!! @all - As per my update earlier this month all pieces are now in place and processing starts at the Hong Kong location this week. For real. I have scrambled in every way I know to get to this point of completing all international pledges, including selling rights to the U.S. based market to get the funds to finish Kickstarter. Any units sold there are outside my hands, and purposed to enable me to get all remaining back-orders out. I don't have control over refunds at this point since the budget negotiated is just for shipping expenses, but will do what I can. Kickstarter is a platform aimed at helping ideas and concepts to market. The international nature of shipping is something that I grossly misjudged and obviously stalled out on. There are a handful of orders to Sweden and Germany that were attempted nearly a year and a half ago which were returned due to customs inspection. Exactly why is something that I still don't know. I'm hoping that shipping out of the Hong Kong location with more processing documentation in place resolves that. Many of you have confirmed your current address with me. I will reach out to any that I am not sure of to make sure we don't just ship to limbo. This milestone is very bittersweet. I'm extremely happy and relieved to finally finish this delivery, but I am truly sorry for the long, long wait and frustration warranted. It's been an unbelievably long time. So many startup challenges have nearly put me under and probably should have. But I believe in what I set out to do and can't rest until I deliver. It will take me a handful of days to carefully work with the warehouse there to make sure everything goes smoothly. You should start seeing private messages or emails from me over the course of this week and next. They will take 2-3 days to process and provide tracking numbers once the shipment has been verified. You should see automatic emails for this but I will work to oversee it and send out them manually as well. Thank you so very, very much. Aaron @all - I haven't given up. I've been wanting to truly confirm information and knowledge of when fulfillment will commence and finish. It's finally come. And for real. Release of product and funding will happen on the 26th of June, one month away. We will start fulfilling immediately out of Hong Kong. Since even more lapse has occurred, I need to confirm addresses again. I will be contacting each unfulfilled pledge, but feel free to message me, or send an email to <email>. Thank you again. And again. And again. So sorry for the near-eternal delays. Aaron @all - It's been beyond a gut-wrenching start-up roller coaster trying to get this done. I've tried every which way to complete the pledges. And finally have one that will work. It's a combination of deals that I've made both in the U.S. and with the factory abroad. The inventory to fulfill your pledge, being an international one, was moved into Hong Kong and was locked down in the factory there with higher cost demands to release than originally priced. So the budget for that AND shipping was compromised. That now has been negotiated in conjunction with this U.S. based inventory that has begun marketing to the US domestic market. I actually don't own that inventory and have used the leverage of giving up general control of that to accommodate moving the product out of Hong Kong. It's a 3-way angle to get you guys taken care of, which has been my consuming desire. It's why most start-ups fail. And I have about 75 international pledges that I WILL fulfill. These were from the combination of Indiegogo and Kickstarter campaigns. The trouble started when shipping costs came in double for most locations that ever collected for. This was unseen and my fault. International shipping is unbelievably expensive. I'm finally almost there for real. I'm still on the factory's clock for the release and funding to engage those Hong Kong orders but I'm still pushing as much as I can. I've been hit by every strange angle dealing across the world with different business practices and added customs and this border "war" going on, which made China very wary and protective. This will get done. And as soon as I possibly can. The broken record is that I'm horribly sorry it's taken this long. And I truly appreciate your support and patience. Aaron @David, all. I have been able to make a deal with a factor and the factory American affiliate that will start marketing in the States, as well as release the international product that is in the Hong Kong fulfillment center. Shipping commences as soon as all the paperwork is complete next week. I'm pushing all of the pieces hard to get this all done and get SHOTBOX back on track. More to come on this, but it's finally real action. @all - I am still here. I will get these delivered. Product is now fully in a Hong Kong warehouse. I'm still dealing with the factory releasing them to be shipped. They are demanding more money than originally priced. I'm needing all that is saved to go toward shipping, rather than them. I am close to resolution and will get these shipped as soon as I can. My ongoing apologies for the extreme delay. This eats at me every waking (and sleeping) moment and I wish it to be complete more than anything. It WILL get done. The deal has been struck and product will start moving from the China location to Hong Kong next week. Since this that been so long coming I want to connect with each of you to confirm your current address. I'll be sending individual messages, but feel free to DM me or email me at <email> the full address, including a phone number since the carrier often requires that. This is a great relief and I look forward very much to fulfilling your product. Thank you!!! I have been progressively dealing with the factory on more and more issues. The product is there, but they now aren't releasing it for the price points that we worked with them before, even though the product is done and on their floor. It's significantly increased. It's turned somewhat political with all of their other international clients and products as well. They won't admit that it has to do with the tariffs and such but it sure feels that way. This is crazy, but each day I literally feel that I will have better news. I meet with their U.S. representative this week and I have now found an agent that will resolve this on the ground directly with them in China. I truly have expected this to totally be fulfilled by now. If I can't reach terms with them within the next two weeks, I will literally donate plasma and blood to add enough in the escrow to issue refunds. As it is right now there is only projected shipping costs in there based on the Hong Kong fulfillment. As the broken record turns but I will get this done. Aaron I am still on this and WILL get it done. Still dealing with difficulties at the factory getting the product released. Any refund requests will be considered once shipping has finished. Again apologies. I will update as soon as I have more conclusive information. The carrier prep team and pre-customs, it turns out, finally cleared the magnet issue. We had to make an adjustment to every packaged up bundle :( Things are back in motion with freight calculations and scheduling. I'm hoping for a pickup by end of next week. I am also actually booked to head over in two weeks and finally be on the floor again so I'll be able to be on hand to see this all the way through. @All - yes, on the list. Hong Kong customs is processing the safety paperwork on the tiny little magnets placed here and there in the box. Apparently, it's a big deal. A Hong Kong thing. Maddening and expecting clearance each day. @Chnuebli. Yes, you are on the list. Our earlier attempt to get your pledge was kicked back to the U.S. with German customs. I'm working with this new carrier to avoid that this time. Thanks Christina. Finally. I received full confirmation this morning that product is released at the factory and being packaged for pickup by week's end. I'm awaiting some photos and then will post an update. I've really wanted to know for sure that it's happening. Otherwise, it's just the same old thing of sorry's and excuses. You're sick of hearing them. I'm sick of giving them. And I'm the first one that can't believe how long it's taken. I'm excited to finally be able to get them out the door. Tracking numbers will follow. RE any refund requests, I'll consider all of those when all other Pledges have been sent. Shipping costs still vary all over the place and I need to see where it all lands. @all - I sound like a broken record: apologies, excuses, reasons, delays and frustrating answers galore. And this post just extending those again, at least for the remaining international pledges. As with the spirit of startups and Kickstarter ventures my journey has been extremely difficult with all the imaginable and unimagined challenges. However, and against overall odds I am still fully alive and kicking. I'm still stuck at the factory working on getting everything released to Hong Kong. I still expect positive news literally every day, day by day. I WILL get your pledge delivered. I have never NOT delivered in my entreprenurial career. I have secured travel plans inside of the next three weeks to the factory to oversee the completion and fulfillment and deal with other issues there that influence the future of SHOTBOX. I am positive all will be resolved. So the broken record continues with all of the aforementioned elements, but some new positive traction. By not delivering your pledge yet I dishonor your trust in me and no doubt have burned plenty of bridges, but I will complete this campaign. My gratitude and thanks continue. Aaron @all - Remaining international orders are being shipped from Hong Kong. The inventory for these orders is at the factory in mainland China. I've had a very unforeseen string of complications getting the product out of China and across the border and am still waiting for news that it is released. I'm embarrassed and very sorry for all of this. One batch came across and was shipped, but encountered many returns that just can't happen. I found a new service but now can't get the inventory released. It is literally a day-to-day process and I have been constantly awaiting word. My continued apologies for the delay. I will consider any refund requests after all product has been shipped. I remain very grateful to all of you. I'm still on this guys. We got pinched into Chinese New Year. It feels that all I do is come up with excuses, which is tiring and frustrating for all of you. Just know that I'm still on this till the end. I just have to ship these last international ones straight from the factory and keep hitting difficulties there. I wish I could be onsite and work with the people directly. I appreciate the money offer @Post. That's not the issue as much as making sure they are coming out of HongKong for the overall budget for the locations left. @all - I've private messaged directly. @all below - We're at varying stages in the midst of all of the orders in process, but you all should have received order updates and/or tracking emails at this point. Please email me directly at <email> if you haven't. Thank you! @all - All of you have either gotten out the door now, or are in the processing stage. Be looking for tracking emails. PM if you have any specific questions. Thanks so much for sticking with this. Hey guys, @Sylvain - Your's will be out of the Hong Kong center. Look for tracking emails within 2 weeks. @hoikan - I private messaged you to confirm your address. @Jean - Yours in processing. You should have gotten some shipping emails already, or will soon. @robert - Yours was still in the Canada queue and will be out the door this week. @Jason, Mark - Europe will be complete by end of next week. @Ross - Still working the New Zealand orders to come out of Hong Kong. I was hoping to get an update on that by this weekend but haven't yet. It should be also be by the end of next week, but may leak into the following. @Peggy - Canada will be finished within this next week. I have you in the queue. @Jean - No comments have been deleted. It's not possible with the Kickstarter interface anyways, but I would never do that. Nor have I deleted any from any other platform. Thanks for all the support. All: Please see the most recent Update. <url>"de Dois" as the last name. Please email me direct at <email> and we can dig deeper. @Marc and Don Jose I have the warehouse looking into both. @Jennifer We're trying to flow with backer count number. Yours is on track by end of next week. @pascal I'm trying to get all of the EU moved to a distribution center that will ship from there. It will help on the customs charges as well. But I will look at where the regular flow is in comparison. @Russell @Josh @Rebecca @Suarse All of your's are on track to ship out by the middle to end of next week. You will start to get some processing and tracking emails. Thank so much! @ Stephen. We're well into the 300's now. You're at 393 and it should go out this week. @ Karizza. I have you at 760. If all goes well enough it will be by the end of next week. You'll see some email updates as we enter you into the processing software at the warehouse. Gotcha. I'll check with the source to make sure. @RetromanIE The power adapter ranges from 100-240V and will work in any AC/DC plug. I've used them in a handful of battery packs as long as the plug is correct. (GoalZero, OmniCharge) If the power is weaker, the lights might not emit as bright is all. I'm concerned about the scuff marks and drop potential. Could you send some photos of them to me at <email>. The original count for the magnets was 8. Perhaps even that is more than plenty but you also can use them on the floor for quick document positioning or holding edges down. They can act as guides for placement. I just wanted to make sure there was enough for any potential creativity. :) @ Fred Thanks so much for the encouragement. It means a lot. @Marc I emailed it over. @Stefanie Your concerns are respected and warranted, but we're making good progress. The actual backer count finished at 1028. I have no idea why Kickstarter lists it at 978. Sort of odd :) We are into the 300's as far as backer count shipments and I expect to be finished within 3 weeks with U.S. orders and 3-4 with international. I can assure you that my commitment to this is 100%. RE 3rd parties. It compares very differently. The products sold by them aren't the same bundle configuration or availability, nor even close to the lower overall pricing of Kickstarter. The Kickstarter campaign was to develop improvements into the earlier versions of the SHOTBOX and introduce the PANELS and Prints. So you're getting the best and newest. So to confirm your question for a specific date, it will be within 3 weeks, hopefully sooner. @ Michael. They are going out today. Thanks! @ Marc - We actually got yours out the door a few days ago, before the weekend. You should have gotten a tracking number email. It says it's in transit now. Please let me know if you didn't get that and I'll message or email it to you. @ Kim - Thanks for the info and lead on Transporteca. I've made contact with them to see and compare. @ Michael - It should have been in the same pocket as the SideShot. They're black as well, so a bit tricky to see. Check one last time in that pocket as well as any of the others, if you could. If not, we'll get some sent out of my office right away. @All Please know I'm fully engaged and making progress. @Jean, you're in a country that seems to get hit with heavier customs receiving charges. Any ideas on minimizing that as we prepare the forms? It seems that different regions do different things. You can message me direct or email at <email> as well. @Susan - You're backer #261. I'd estimate around 2 more weeks based on our pace. @jojoessk - #664. Around 3-4 weeks with potential for a bit longer due to the international paperwork. Thanks guys. The Coolest Cooler we are not :) Hello all, Thank you for all of the comments. Not sure all that I can say without some level of negative reaction, but for everyone's sake I won't sugar coat it. I still take full responsibility and all comments are deserved. If the product were in everyone's hands, these discussions wouldn't exist. In any and all perspective I am still on this 100% and will continue to do so until delivered. It is with me day and night. To give enough realistic cushion, I am still 4-5 weeks away from full completion. I hope sooner. In the previous update stating 30%. That was how many we'd submitted into the shipping system. I found out after that they just simply weren't going out. That's when we hit roadblocks, even looking for other services. But that would just make the delay worse. To date, we have shipped out the door around 25% of all answered Backerkit surveys, though in more random order than planned. I am indeed getting more promised ship time next week and beyond. That number will grow, though I don't know yet what the daily count will be exactly. I will consider any request for a refund but I just simply ask for more time, deserved or not. All comments on the funding survey noted and appreciated. I obviously was premature in that direction. Again, thank you. Aaron @All We're plugging away and making progress. I'll get another update done tomorrow. @Marc, input noted and understood. @Dion Any luck with the cable? @Kelley I'm getting yours processed. It will go out by Wednesday this week. Much apologies for the delays. @Kim Thanks so much for the great words. <3 Hey guys. I'll answer back to front. I need to also post another update with deeper details, but here's specific to your questions. @ Thomas - This shipped yesterday. Message me if you don't see tracking number emails. @ Tammy - You're on the hot list now. Shipped by tomorrow. @ Priscilla - The bundles don't compare. Your KS Whole Enchilada for $199+$15 includes the Full Panel and Prints Set (plus cable), which add another $105 full retail. Mamella is only selling the Deluxe Bundle which matches up to the Shotbox website cost. I've made sure the KS deal is always best. @Leland - I've moved yours to the hot list as well. We're still processing through at the pace the warehouse can do, but we're far from done yet. So when we hear from one of you guys directly, we'll bump it upto what we can. Maybe this is a bit unorthodox but just trying to accommodate needs. @Elizabeth - Extremely good point. Utah orders are easier and only take a day. I know many have been fulfilled already. I'm going to scrub the list for the remainder and prioritize them forward. You're now on the Hot List as well. Also see the comment above regarding the Mamella listing. @Eric Thanks so much for the awesome encouragement and endorsement. And for working with me. @Dion: We'll get a cable on its way. Not sure why and just silly. As well as the base panel. So it looked like it was dropped first, and then boxed? Sheesh. So sorry. Would you mind emailing me a picture so I can show the packing guys. Looks like I have more training to do. :( (<email>) @Bob S.: those look great! Update here: @Priscilla, Janine, Mark - Yours move out today. I've had to get aggressive with the warehouse which isn't so much my nature but there were just too many outside difficulties with them that were affecting us. #kimseungmo I sent the number to your email. Thanks guys. @Dion Andrea is correct. Let me know if the cable doesn't come too. @Shaun The tripod is coming from a different location and is in process. @Janine You're more than right. We announced it, but I didn't realize that my web team was continuing to send out newsletters. My focus has been very much on KS and backer fulfillment. I will make sure it stays that way and we back off any general marketing. @Andrea It looks it was not inserted when it was assembled. We will send it out. @Don Jose In the works :) @Jacquiline Is the cord working there for you? It should be just checking. @Hyer, Sandi We're catching up. I got yours into the system and moved up. Thank you! @Andrea, Shauna Dang, the order got scrambled in Backerkit. I've gotten your's going as well as fixed the random sequence. We're backed up at the warehouse but I've flagged these to move first. I hope today or Monday at the latest. Sorry for that. Much thanks. @Marc I'm not sure how many full days it will take to get there, or what the border takes but I'd think we'd have it there by early April. @Michelle I emailed you directly to confirm you address. @Don Jose, Ann, Lisa We've started shipping last week, but the fulfillment center is backed up. I've made sure yours are in there and moved them up. @Ann I show the deluxe case in your Backerkit survey and have made sure it's in the order. @ Austen. Message me directly or email me at <email> with confirmation of your address. I will make sure we have the right one in the system. @Jacqueline My Hong Kong service has gotten uncomfortably inattentive. I am going to fulfil Hong Kong and vicinity orders straight out of the Dongguan factory. I am expecting this within the next few days. Apologies. @Audrey Posted an update yesterday: <url>". It's made large enough to shoot through without hindrance even if the lens itself is larger than that. I'm working on a "DSLR Donut" that will hold the camera in place, positioned straight down. But in the meantime you could simply rest the camera against the hole manually and get good shots. An 18mm lens usually spans to a bit over 12" from that height. @Jacqueline Please clarify a little. There aren't any discount codes on Kickstarter, to my knowledge. Did you hear of something like that? @Jacqueline They are 14.25 x 12.25. Wide enough to cover the width of the box, then tall enough to fill any top and bottom needs. @Andrea: Great feedback. Thank you! @ Jacqueline Ziegler: the power adapter handles up to 220v. You'll just need to use a local plug adapter. @ Jacqueline Ziegler: you can easily use 12x12 and other paper. They will just be smaller than the official Prints. @ Ann Rein: good suggestions. Question: in future packs would you prefer a variety of different art or central around a theme? @Lindsey Great idea. It's pretty certain we'll continue down the line of printing more sets. So the better the campaign and interest grow the better! It's already gotten us well to the point of pushing for more. @Melissa Also a great idea. I added one to the mix. Very likely we'll do a themed set of holidays or events or patriotic theme, etc..., so this input it awesome. @Retro We'll keep trying. @Ron This is great feedback and so true about Amazon. I'm not sure what I'll find with my faux leather backdrops, but definitely doable as part of the Prints lineup. @Retro I would LOVE that source for shipping. Do you by chance have a contact there? Going straight to FEDEX without a bulk account is a very expensive story. I'm piggy backing already a service that does much larger volume that I'm already taking advantage of to get to where I'm at. I'm simply trying NOT to lose money on shipping, and will actually still go in the hole on it. I'm a small business without the leverage of big ones. I don't know who you'd ordered from but they are most likely in a better position than I. I appreciate your support and patience with this. @Retro Totally understood. We're getting hit more by overall size rather than weight. They take both into account and then stick the package into a specific category. The total package is only around 13 pounds. We definitely don't try to make any profit on the shipping, but I understand it's a hefty price. @Retroman I wish we didn't need to place that so high, but international shipping actually averages even higher than that. We worked very hard on reducing it from our first campaign but we'll actually go in the hole with most foreign packages. Where is it that you live? @Andrew - I'm looking into a plug set, but haven't worked it out yet. The power adapter itself is fine. It's just the different plugs. @arnaud Yes indeed. While we take the angle of what you can do with mobile cameras, the SHOTBOX works great with DSLR and compact. From the front side in you could easily use a small tabletop tripod, and you can even use a large camera straight down through the top holes as well. The key is to get the right, balanced lighting which is accomplished within the box itself...ready to be taken advantage of with any camera whatsoever. Thanks everyone! @Shaun - We're on track for November, but we've put December in case there's stuff we can't control. @ Mark - Our power adapter handles 100-240V input so it should work as in in your country. You'd just need to pick up a local plug adapter depending on where you're at. Hello, I'm backer 495 and still waiting for my shotbox. Whre can I update my shipping adress? Moved last month. Hello, I backed this project with 265.- USD. I havent got any product. Please issue a refund to me. People seem to be receiving theirs but I haven't heard anything since your last update in August. Are you shipping to Canada yet? Hello, I’m backer #609...been waiting over three years. May I ask when I will receive my perks please? Still no show Aaron. What’s going on? actually got mine last monday !! havnt opened it due to he fact im not sure im gonna use it. had to buy alternative due to the delay. I am from Australia and I got mine on Monday this week. Thanks for the efforts getting it shipped. Cheers Still waiting in switzerland. Some informations? will mine be shipped soon ? or refunded ? wow good for u I got mine a few weeks ago in Denmark. Everything looks great! Got mine today! Hi, can i check when will mine be delivered? Hi, got mine yesterday received in Victoria, Australia today - you came through! thanks! Thank you for keeping on fightning for the project :) Yup, I received mine a few days ago. Totally unexpected. Thank you Aaron for pulling through even though it was such a long wait. I got my Shotbox today too! I wasn't at home (in Singapore) and totally wasn't expecting it. Like the previous commenter, Aaron emailed me two days ago to ask me to look out for the shipping details. So imagine the pleasant surprise when the courier called me. It functions well and I can't wait to take shots of items to be sold on Carousell (Singapore's version of Craigslist)! "There is hope!" Dear all, I was contacted by Aaron 2 days ago to inform me that shipping was proceeding and I should receive a tracking email soon. I never received any tracking e-mail (as far as I can tell), but surprise surprise: today my Shotbox was delivered in Singapore (sent from Hong-Kong). It was totally unexpected but a good surprise. The Shotbox works as advertised, except that the "light selector" on the front of the Shotbox (Left LED, Both LED, Right LED) doesn't fully work (when on position right, both LED stripes are still "on" instead of only the Right LED). I paid for some add-on ("Prints 12-Pack - Core Textured"), but these were missing from my delivery. @Aaron: I would like to thank you for following up on that issue and for actually delivering on your promises: my wife is finally going to receive her Christmas 2016 present ... Side joke apart, this is a sincere "Thank You": I have seen many kickstarter projects where the project creator "disappear" after a while, so I appreciate the efforts (and I hope you will be able to solve my issues). For everybody else who is waiting for their reward, I wish all of you to receive it very soon. Cheers, how many here hasnt got there stuff is it possible to work together and sue ? eather shotbox or/and kickstarter ? Anyone has legal experience ?? OK thats shitty ill contact our consumer organisation and check possibilitys to sue. Hey Frederik, I've tested the different possibilities to get your money back. Unfortunately, Kickstarter doesn't provide the kind of return policy that makes it possible, nor do they respond to the reporting of this products creator having violated the Terms of Service required for delivery. I realize that it's a company that depends on funds in order to function, but at this point, we're past what's reasonable. I've asked for money back over 1 year ago and since then there's been radio silence. The creator of Shotbox hasn't made any real updates for the campaign since 2018, but only write updates in comments such as he did below. I've spoken to my bank and the woman I spoke with their told me to go to the police and file a report against them as well as contact my country's consumer organization to file a report through that. Platforms such as Kickstarter and Indigogo has a failure rate of 1 out of 10, but in this case, it isn't a matter of failure. Their (Shotbox) refusal to give refunds to us stuck in waiting is abhorrent and Kickstarter shouldn't ever allow them to come back here ever again. u dont send our paid orders but sell <url>’t selling elsewhere and also fundraising for more projects when you haven’t completed this one. Also no offer of a refund just endless excuses. I have done a few kickstarters and never had one as bad as this. I don't care anymore!!!! I want my money back!!! If you send your product to me I'm going to have to pay a ton of extra money for import and taxes with nobody to take them off my hands. GIVE ME MY MONEY BACK!!! It's not worth it anymore. Their newest version is sold cheaper on their store than what I pledged 2 1/2 years ago. Still no refund. Thank you for your reply. I have yet to receive my refund :( I hear that many people are happy with the product, but I'm past that now. I ordered 3 x the whole enchilada. They backers I did it with are long gone and I'm now standing as a student with an incredible loss. I just want my money back. Also I just found out that this was funded by even more people on IndieGoGo prior to their Kickstarter campaign (1,173 backers). Around 2100 backers across both platforms. Over $400K worth of backing/pledging. The IndieGoGo campaign also has backers who never received their items, even if it was created before this one. <url>#/ Can someone explain to me how they have been able to sell on Amazon, their own store and other places as well, but somehow they can't fulfill our pledges or return our money? :) Same. I have written again and again. No refund, no shotbox. I only want the refund now. They owe me $729 dollars :) I've asked for a refund on multiple occasions. But received none. I payed them $729 for the Whole Enchilada deluxe edition with 3 of the 2.0 projects. If I got my money back now I could buy 3 of their 3.0 shotboxes and still have money left to spare. This is not ok. The backers I signed up with are long gone and I'm now standing to make a loss of money and have zero people to give these to. So not ok. We will get no refund!!! I asked 5 times for a refund, I got no money, no feedback, nothing. I FEEL CHEATED 😡 I am being patient with your delay but you are now promoting shotbox 3.0 in your newsletter this morning 3rd April 2019. I think you now owe the rest of shotbox 2.0 backers a reason... @creator I've been patient, however I don't have my reward and promises from you have not been kept. Therefore, I am requesting a full refund. As the rest says. No shotbox and no refund here. Hi, I haven't got any notice about shipping my package to Luxembourg. No tracking number, nothing. Thanks in advance for an update ! Aaron , you asked for my adress 14 November Still no shippment Can i now pleese get my money back ? Never received my shotbox Ho hum, lots of talk but no one has ever contacted me about the shipping product nor a tracking number. When will I receive my Shitbox?? It's so sad to see all of you folks are still waiting on this. I've backed two Shotbox projects. I will certainly consider this before backing another. I am starting to think that this is some source of the scam now as many people still do not get the product and nothing from the one who got it either. Nothing. Nothing at all. Even after you emailed me personally with a statement saying "These are coming out of Hong Kong so should be no trouble with the timeframe for Christmas." Considering the circumstances, I've been very polite up until now. No more excuses. Refund now. This is very frustrating. Have been nothing but patient, yet have no reward. It's time to deliver or refund. What is the actual reason for the delays? still waiting can we get our money back now ... Still waiting. Time to make good on promises. Nothing so far... Still no update since October.... ? Update please Any updates yet? I haven't heard from creator nor received any tracking notifications. Still no box in the Netherlands. This is stretching way beyond that I'm comfortable with. I got mine the end of May 2017; I had the deluxe early bird package delivered in the US. After using it twice the lights went out. I had to unplug it and plug it back in to get the lights back on, It hasn't done it again but I haven't used it much either because like I said, it's really only good for small items. It's annoying also that the box caves in at the bottom on the sides and you can't fix that. Overall it was not worth the investment. 👍 Hi Aaron, just wanna say that I've backed many projects and whenever they work with China factories, delays inevitably happen. I guess the factories usually overpromise and underdeliver. Having said that, I fully understand this and will wait for it. I know there are people who are mad about the delays, but I'd like you to know that there is at least one who isn't. =) Hang in there! @creator thanks for the update. Hopefully we will have a positive result for shipping in the next two weeks. Please refund my money immediately. I am tired of all the promises to ship. It has been two years! Please let me know what happens!! Hi, I haven't got any notice about shipping my package to Luxembourg. No tracking number, nothing. Thanks in advance for an update ! Aaron, I'm still waiting for mine too. Where is it? Please refund my money immediately. Its my 3rd request and no feedback or reaction from you! I am tired of all the promises to ship. It has been two years! Please let me know what happens!! @creator time for an update. What is going on? If you can't be certain it is shipping in the next week, I would like to request a refund. Thank you Jennifer. Hoping I can get a refund, but things are going so slow :S How long did you have to wait for yours? Not worth the money spent. Works ok for small objects, but Foldio does it better. If you can get a refund, do it. I would never recommend this to anyone. oops. just sent you an email before i saw this. I'm glad you're still trying to keep us in the loop. I want my Shotbox, not a refund =( can you let us know what difficulties you're facing at the moment? thanks for the update - I personally would find frequent updates reassuring at this stage. 2 years and I'm still waiting. Thanks @creator. Please keep us in the loop for new ETA or updates. I'm still looking forward to getting this. Actually the difference is less than that. But still a loss -_- What I payed in kroner back then: 5051 DDK What I payed in Dollars: 729 Dollars What 729 Dollars are worth now in DDK: 4,682.92 DDK 5051 - 4,682.92 = 368 DDK Amounting to: 57.3146 USD But if I start taking into account stuff like how many times I had to tell one of the backers that the order was coming and the stress this have given me. Then Yeah... this was a super bad experience. 500 kr = 77.8227 USD loss. If anyone was curious. Great, even if you guys refund me I will have lost 500 kroner and 2 years of waiting time because the dollar has been devaluated that much. Well, this was a lovely experience. Nothing. If a refund is possible, then I want it. This has taken too long. I'm pretty sure I left a message a while ago. It seems it's been removed? I ordered the whole Enchilada kit x 3 and both the people I backed with have dropped out (Since it's been almost 2 years since I backed this) leaving me with a giant bill alone and 2 extra ShotBoxes. I have not heard anything from you people and I'm completely baffled by this. It's not ok. Any word yet? I really have tried to be patient and I do want the reward, but obviously something has gone wrong here. @creator what's happening? Are we ever receiving what we pledged for? I am a patient person, but after two years waiting, I feel like I really regret funding this project. Many similar and better products are now on the market for way better prices. However I hope we can finally receive what we pledged for or, even better, a refund for it. Please refund my money immediately. I am tired of all the promises to ship. It has been two years!!! [Notes "be respectful and considerate"] This has gone beyond a joke. Pretty please with sugar on top, issue my refund immediately. I think you've heard enough reasons for a refund. Now that I'm seeing more and more products popping up in the market with local plugs, improved light conditions, different sizes and more portable construction I would also like to have a refund... During this time period the copycats made many improvements while we're still waiting for an outdated shot box 2.0... Has anybody received any kind of update or shipping notice since the last announcement from the project manager? I have not received anything yet. Please issue me a REFUND. I am begging you. It has been 2 years already. As I have communicated to you, my circumstances have changed. I am no longer in photography and will not be able to make use of it because of my medical condition. I need the money more for my medicine. Please... Thanks. 👍 Hello, i'm backer #495 from Austria. Will I get my Shotbox soon? Best regards Thanks for the update. Fingers crossed that the wheels keep turning. Shall we change my address when it’s a problem with the german one I have one in Switzerland? I haven't seen any tracking numbers yet. Am I still on the list to send to? Thanks for the 8 July update - I haven’t received a tracking number can you please check that I’m in that last international batch? For those of you that have apparently been waiting seemingly forever, I just want to tell you from somebody that was lucky enough to have gotten mine a long time ago (I live in Texas), that I think you will be really happy when it finally arrives. I don't know if you think it will have been worth the wait, but I think you might. This really is a very cool product and I know a lot of time, sweat, energy, love & probably some heartache have gone into it. I am able to take very nice pics to put on Ebay or Etsy for sale or just to show things off that I've made. My only regret is that the bottle cap crafts that I make using a dome shaped glass bead get just a little too much glare to show up well n the photos I've taken in the Shotbox. Everything else has come out great! So, I just wanted to offer a little encouragement to validate that your patience will have been worth it when you do finally get it! (In my humble opinion of course) Disclaimer: I have no relationship with this company other than being a happy customer. Christina in Dallas End of June now.... :( please send us the product as you told me Nov 17 mine is already on the way but still isn’t here. Can you please check if there was a mistake and I will get it now? @Creator - I see you are actively backing other Kickstarter projects (since I follow you on KS). It’s been almost two months since your last post informing these folks about their products. How about giving these folks and update? Aaron, what happens whit your Shotbox 2.0. I asked about REFUND on 2nd april 18 and unfortunately NO FEEDBACK or further informations. Aswell here in the comments no news about the project. ...17 month over the delivery promise! I've stopped getting email replies about shipping now, which is a concern. Can we have an update please? Thanks. How do I get a refund? I pledged and was excited about this project, however the things I was doing - and therefore needing this for - I'm no longer doing. It has been nearly two years after all. I would like a refund please - how do I get this? Still waiting for delivery in Australia. What's going on mate? Is this coming or not? Hey, I get that things are complicated, more complicated than expected. A (super) late delivery is okay, I knew there was a risk with the product not making the expected delivery date. However, I don't get that since February I don't even get replies on my emails anymore. I am quite patient, but I need to at least see some updates and better communication! Hi, there is still no sign on my panel add-on kits, can you please provide an update? Thanks Been promised new delivery dates repeatedly but unfortunately NOTHING has been received to this Japan buyer either as we are in MAY 2018 now.... Foldio! Move on from this **** and spend your coin on Foldio. So much better than this ****! Please provide info for shipping to Netherlands ? Still nothing received. Still no Delivery to the Netherlands. Getting a little bit annoyed. Two and a half years ago you accepted my $214 US payment. I still have nothing to show for it. There's a word for that. It's called "theft". Refund my money immediately or I will begin legal proceedings... What you've done is wrong - you have the chance to make it right. As other backers I want a refund immediatly. You are a lier At a total loss at this point and writing this off as a bad kickstarter campaign. Hope you don't plan on doing any more crowd funding projects as you won't be getting any support from me. The last update 2 months ago indicated shipping would resume within a week; is there an estimate for when shipping is expected for Australia please? Enough is enough. I have been very polite and understanding up until this point. I would like my refund processed ASAP. Please get in touch with me to confirm as soon as this is done. Still waiting in Tasmania. I see you are still soliciting for more sales on indiegogo while many people are still waiting for the original delivery. You have received nearly half a million dollars for this project over the two sites, with about 1100 backers. Time to show where the money has gone, with invoices, statements etc. Time also for you to stop selling a product you can't deliver. The last email update was two months ago. This is not some $10 project where people can afford to write off the money. Time for a deadline or refund. Would appreciate update on expected delivery dates to Sydney, Australia please. Hi team, any update on delivery dates to Sydney, Australia? Hi I am very patient. Delay is okay. What is NOT ok is, that you promised my delivery in a PM several times last year as „end of the week“. Then we had to change my address because life is happening in more than a year, now I am still waiting, did my address change put me on the very end of the line? Thanks for the update... i have still not recived the product Yesterday i understood that i proberly wont se the product i paid for. so i paid for another product Better specs less then 24 hours - i got tracking info <url>’ve had many issues with international shipping, but the fact that we’re into March now and your last email suggests a December 2017 delivery is just not something I can accept. Please refund the full amount of $214 (US) to me ASAP. I have sent you a PM on Kickstarter as well as an email with this request... All the best for your future endeavours. Porl DeVille Hello supporters! After almost a year, my shoutbox was finally launched - but was detained at the customs office. The supplied AC adapter carries a fake "CE" mark, i. this actually has no "CE" seal and was therefore classified as a forgery. Also, the whole box was rejected, so that I could only refuse to accept. I then repeatedly wrote to Aaron, who initially promised me a refund. That was many weeks ago. It leaves me standing in the rain now. I have no box and no more money. It is a single disappointment. A pity. Hi, are there any updates? Unfortunately I also haven't received any further updates on my order. Best regards Hi, still waiting on delivery in Brisbane, Australia. Any updates? Foldio. Yeah baby! Hi Aaron I was just after an update, I can only imagine that it must be getting frustrating for you but after so many 'almost there' updates from yourself I was hoping you could perhaps you could post numbers for completed/remaining a couple of times a month and perhaps a speculative timeline for completion, I suspect at this point many people like myself would just be happy seeing progress being made, as @Post said the lack of updates and the private replies creates an appearance of a lack of transparency. Still looking forward to getting my hands on a Shotbox. Kind regards Derek. Can you send me a DM too? Didn‘t received my SHOTBOX too. Any news? as still waiting for my shotbox? @Aaron, it's already a month past the last update and I feel the transparency in your communication is drying up and shipping issues are repeating itself. I'm not sure why this happens but it doesn't feel right. Please be open and clear on your situation. What is the problem, what is the current action, the next step if needed and what is the estimated timeline. That type of clarification would increase/restore the positive view on this amazing campaign. If money is the issue, please remember I was willing to pay extra to fix the shipping cost issue. Six weeks ago I got an email " out the door or in the processing stage..." . Its now mid Feb and still nothing. Can you please contact me and advise me when I will receive my shot box. I use my ShotBox all the time! It's worth the wait! It's a fantastic product! Hi Aaron, send you an email last week. Did you receive because I didn't get a reply? Thanks Nothing in my inbox or spam folder. Have emailed you. Still no news on sweden delivery ? Hello, any news for Europe? End of november 2017 the last information was "We're making progress. European pledges are going out and will be complete by end of next week." Until now I didn't get any information about shipping. I'm backer #495, pls send me the status from my pledge. Backer #271 finally got an "Order Confirmation" email for my UK order. It comes from a shotbox email address, check your spam just in case. 20th Dec..." out the door or in the processing stage..." 10th Jan...No email with tracking number. We have all been patient, now its getting really irritating. This needs to be tidied up, yeah Im sure you have made a great product.... but, the service is dreadful. received my shotbox just before christmas, had to pay a £27 import duty, and needed to purchase a uk/us plug adaptor to use the box, which i got today... all seems to work fine, thank you I am backer #483 in Australia and *STILL* waiting for my shotbox. I have been patient, however this is getting to be ridiculous. Please send me an update. Still waiting on my shotbox in Tokyo. Any news? Hi there! I'm still waiting patiently for my box, but I've moved! Would you be able to send me a PM to update my address please? Thank you! I don't think you've shipped my box out yet right, because I haven't gotten any tracking email. Hope there's time and it's not too much hassle for you! Any update for Australian backers? Hiya, not wishing to stress, just want to check if you know whereabouts my box is/if it has been posted? Thank you and Merry Christmas! //Charlotte I know it's been a way bigger order than you guys anticipated. I hope my boxes (plural as I order 3 x the whole enchilada set). I'll most likely be stuck with 1 of the sets extra because the friend who joined me in backing probably doesn't want hers anymore as it's been over a year since she agreed. I hope my bfs boss still wants hers for a 1 year old delayed christmas gift. Or I'll have to refund the money she wired me and I'll be stuck having to peddle 2 items to people for less than I payed. Such a lovely experience. Hello, any update on Europe front? Anyone else from Italy had his/her product yet? In the last update they stated "European pledges are going out and will be complete by end of next week." It was the 29th of November, I'd like to know if there is any more delay. Thanks, Hi, backer from Poland still not received the product. Is it coming or is it time for refund? Still waiting for any shipment confirmation to Europe ... :( Hi! I'm backer #449, located in Germany. Can you tell me anything about the status of my order? THX Dear Aaron, Thanks for the follow-up, glad to hear that things are moving for us in Asia, hoping it will reach us before Christmas. Cheers. Hi I'm vancouver canada. Should I have already recieved my lightbox? Because I have been patiently waiting. Glad to hear that apparently European orders will be going out soon... Sadly it's a year too late for me and I already had to spend extra money (in addition to my money you've had for over a year) on another solution as I got weary of all the false promises already done. I look forward to it arriving and giving it a honest review - also documenting the reality behind being one of your customers Hi i left a comment here and send two emails that have not been answered. So I will just c&p my last comment again, hope to hear from you soon thanks. 'Got my shotbox a few months ago (thanks) but didn't open it until today, i got the full set but i dont seem to see the earth magnets for the backgrounds? Or the fabric mesh bag? Is that normal? Thanks' Good Morning Aaron, Any update on shipping to Singapore? Will we receive a shipping notice by email (so far I have not). Cheers Another 2 weeks have passed. Any news? Those "about 30" European orders still not sent? Hi, How are you going with shipping to New Zealand? Any news on UK delivery of my Early Bird Deluxe shipment? Thanks "I will commit a weekly update to each of the remaining Backers with exactly where it is all at." It's been a further 2 weeks. Any news? Whoa- comments are being deleted! Thanks for proving what I said right. A genuine business person would face up to what is going on and not delete comments pointing out their inconsistencies and failings. Wonder how long this will stay up... Just wondering if anything shipped to Canada yet? I have not heard anything and now am very worried. prantz1960 By far one of the FEW kickstarters that have come through. The shot box and panels are wonderful and Aaron has kept us up to date every step of the way. The product is amazing and I am so proud to be a backer! Hi I received my Shotbox and being using it for a while. I have pledged a few projects on Kickstarter and Indiegogo, and yes quite a number of them are practically a scam! But not Shotbox, Aaron is one of the best project creator that I encountered so far, he is still trying his best to fulfill the order despite the huge difficulties that he is facing with the logistics while many project owner that I pledged previously will just brush you off in such situation..... I operate online business, and international logistic can really bite a chunk out of you if you are not careful. To those who are still waiting for your Shotbox, it is worth the wait. The build quality of this product is great! And, the accessories is all with good quality. I sincerely hope you will receive your Shotbox soon, and I am sure Aaron is working hard on it. ps. I am not in anyway related or working for Aaron, I am just sharing my experience with this project. Still waiting for this here in the UK. Any news? hi aaron, backer 180 here, any news on delivery times for the uk? Hello Aaron, what happened to the tracking information you promised a few weeks ago? Please give us an update. ... I know the change of me getting an answer is slim and of me seeing the Dropbox the next year possibly too. I bought the whole enchilada and the people who went together with me to buy it are starting to lose their patience. Can it really be the case that I will be stuck with 2 extra shot boxes looking at a loss because you guys are so late with your delivery? Sincerely backer 868. Aaron! It also brings nothing, simply delete a comment. Take care of your commitment! On Facebook, you're already celebrating for an amount we've done. <url>#483 btw Any updates on shipping to Australia. I'm still......... Waiting to hear something. Any update on shipping to Italy? Backer #583 UK Backer #958 Any news? It's almost a year since I ordered, and it's already overdue by like 9 months. Just seems like we're constantly being fobbed off with excuses and delays. From your last message, it sounds like we "Should" see tracking emails within the next 3 days, but I'm not holding my breath. Got my shotbox a few months ago (thanks) but didn't open it until today, i got the full set but i dont seem to see the earth magnets for the backgrounds? Or the fabric mesh bag? Is that normal? Thanks Any update on shipping to Australia? Backer #233 UK Backer #227, wondering when to expect shipment notification? :) now there is copies to be bought for a fraction of the price and i still havnt recieved mine Backer to 280 here and am still PATIENTLY waiting for my shotbox:/ Any update? My backer number is 163 and i still haven't received mine yet. :( Hello there. I'm backer 386. When I should expect the item to be delivered? Cheers, Hi, I am backer 189. You told me on 4 june that my order will ship the following week. Till now, I have yet to receive anything. You wrote me this 4 weeks ago: "@Chnuebli - Yours is in the same geographic batch as Italy and will be out the door inside of 2 weeks." Backer #390 (!) I did not receive mine... Thank you for getting in touch! Like I said, both my wife and I have really liked the Shotbox, so it was upsetting when the issue occurred. Hello, First off, I want to say I received my shotbox, and love the product. However, I have encountered an issue where the lights will no longer power on. At best, they will flash on and then off immediately. I have attempted to contact someone via the customer support email, your facebook page, as well as the telephone number on the shotbox website, but have had no response as of yet. It would be fantastic to speak to someone in regards to this issue, considering I had the product only a couple months before a failure occurred. I really do like the product, would like to continue using it, so I hope that one of these venues catches the eye of someone who can help. Thanks Hi; I read a comment from someone whose post I cannot find now; she said her lights stopped working after a couple of hours. I had the same problem; I was doing time-lapse photos of flowers opening, and the lights would go out after a while. I would have to turn it off and on again. It happened every single time I tried to leave it on and walk away for a few hours. Was it designed to turn itself off after a while? Thanks; love it otherwise. Well thought out, well-made; such a shame you had so many production issues, but you'll be able to afford yourself a nice, long vacation when all this red tape is cleared up... rock on, dude. Hi, I'm Backer Nr 292 from Luxembourg (Europe). Not received yet. What is your estimation of a delivery date? Hi, I'm a backer from Scotland. Not yet received, will we get shipment confirmations and tracking info? I'd just like to know if it's still on its way or if I possibly missed it - I did change my address in backerkit at one point. Backer 592. Not received. Thanks. Hi - backer 126 from the Netherlands. Am I still in the queue? Hi - are you able to tell me if my shotbox is one of the few yet to be sent? Not received as yet. Hey Everyone! I literally just wanted to say that I did receive my Shotbox about three weeks ago but just opened it today. Everything that you've seen in the video and everything that was promised of the product is true. I started having my doubts after the promised time frame for delivery continued to slip. And slip. I just wanted to come on here and say that I am excited for the product, it does live up to the promises and it wasn't vaporware. I really hope that he is able to find the means to make this a profitable and less stressful venture. Good luck to everyone still waiting! And thank you, Aaron, for creating a great product. Hello Aaron, Great to hear that "We are down to about 100 international orders to process" and "If you are a U.S. Backer and haven't received your box yet, please let me know or if you are international and just want to check in to make sure it's still in the queue." I expect you to receive quite a few inquiries. Can you clarify what is the process for international order? I mean: for the people who have been processed, are we suppose to have received a shipping notice? FYI: I have not, so I assume I have not been processed yet. Cheers, Hi, Backer #483 from Australia. Just wondering if it is possible to get a status update on my specific order? Many thanks UK Backer #227, wondering when to expect shipment? :) Any idea when I will receive mine in the uK? Backer #958 Thank you Backer # 1020 in Canada here and I WANT MY SHOT BOX!!! Having said that, I do have to thank you for being in regular contact with your backers and responding quickly to queries. Kudos to you. Some other projects (that I have backed ie Rendegade 3D pen!!!) could learn a lot from you in communicating with backers. It goes a long way when things don't go exactly according to plan. Can't wait to get my hands on this and congrats! Hi, when are you shipping to the UK? This is really dragging out. Im in New Zealand, when will I receive mine. Any information on when you are shipping to Japan? I have not received any shipping email/updates. Backer #390 Still waiting... I'm in Italy and didn't receive it yet. :( not sure what backer number i am, however i am in Brisbane, Australia. Any word on shipping over here? Hello, I'm backer #524 from Canada, any word on shipping? Received my ShotBox Today!! Thank you! Aaron, for all the help. The quality is impressive! Can't wait to try it out with my product!! I am a happy camper. I'm backer 834 from Canada. Any update for shipping? Hi, I just wanted to give some information about the high duty which some people have to pay. Based on multiple pledged I did over the last few years I can give some insight which might help. This situation is for The Netherlands, however I expect it to be the same all over Europe. When items are shipped to the EU we have to pay duty and tax (rates differ between countries). To make these calculations it is important customs know what the product value is (invoice) and also what the shippingcost are. If shippingcost are not put on the form, the importing shipping company (DHL for example) will calculate the tax based on their regular fee. For example if I pay $30 for shipping, but the documentation does not state the shippingcost I paid. DHL will charge tax over $189, which is their regular rate for a 14 pound package from the US to The Netherlands. So please don't forget to also declare what we paid for shipping. Hi I am backer 367, i haven't got information on my shipping. please update me Thank you We got our early edition quite a while ago. It is very cool & well thought out. Got it so my sweetie could photo his thingiverse makes. Works great! Hi. This is Terry, backer 193. I have not received any email with the shipping info. Can you check please? Thanks. Got all my items the other day and unpacked it today. All I have to say is bravo Shotbox!!! The features and quality are higher than I thought it was going to be. It all worked great, from the hanging backdrops to the custom prints to everything fitting into the deluxe bag as designed. The lighting options are fantastic and well thought out. I do wish the slideshot lights were connected to the dimmer (or had its own) switch but with the other lights on the dimmer I don't think it'll make that big of a difference. No more hanging sheets over my desk and monitor to create a backdrop for pictures of items I'm selling online. It took a little extra time but all turned out great in the end. :-) Hi This is Rita Jarrett- Just read the most recent email saying that all us orders are shipped. I have not received any email with shipping info as of yet. Please up date. Thanks I have not received my order yet and noticed that you said the US was complete. Please verify. thks Hello. I'm a backer from Switzerland and i still haven't received the shotbox. Any news on the future arrival of my product Hi there! Ich back #437. Is there any word when the Shot Box will arrive in Germany? Have not yet heard anything. Just got mine today and it is totally worth the wait. I can't wait to play with it more this weekend. Thanks so much! I received mine today, as promised. I can not tell you how excited I am. I make pens and other trinkets and I have never been happy with the photos I have been taking. They were just ok. But right off the bat I am making great, make that GREAT photos of my work. I can not imagine what Aaron had to go through the past year. But I will tell you this thing is impressive. With a capital I. Thank you for an awesome product. When will I receive my ShotBox ? I am backer 468 and have not received mine. I was contacted about six weeks ago confirming my order but I don't have it. Would you please check on my order. I too have not received any e-mails or texts concerning the processing of my pledge reward. I am backer number 726. Thanks... SHOTBOX: Sent you a private message. Received your update today. I appreciate all of the effort you've put into keeping us backers abreast of your progress. I've received no processing E-mails to date and am curious about the status of my Shotbox. If it's of help, I am backer #947. I am backer #607 Where is my shot box? Pls update the status. We have being very patient but is already 2 months, there is still no sign of it.... Boo for Fedex! $20.27 in customs for Canada just for the accessories :(. Hopefully the new shipping company does a better job and I won't get dinged again for customs. Received mine today and I am beyond thrilled! Excellent construction quality, everything works just fine and I have already taken some great shots with it. I did get the wired shutter release though it doesn't seem to work with Camera+ on the iPhone. I don't care, though. I'm especially delighted at how almost everything (except the backdrops, and maybe I didn't try hard) fit in the carrying case! Thanks! Hi Received my Shotbox here in the UK on 31st May, just had a look on your campaign page and noticed at $150,000 we would all get a 1 wired smart device shutter release cable, was this removed as a stretch goal in an update because I've had a look for it and I have not received one with my pledge? got an email saying my order shipped on 5/29, checked the tracking info and FedEx says they delivered it on 5/30 to someone in Richland, WA. I am in NC and I do not have my order. When will I get my order? any status update for back #389? Thank you. Hi Aaron, I am backer #189 based in Singapore. Still have yet to receive any notifications. @Aaron I sent you a message. Shotbox... It's been 2 months since I received notice that mine has been shipped but up to now I still have not received it. Hi there, sorry I'm sure you're getting a tonne of similar messages. I'm backer #329 and I don't have a tracking number or anything. I find the whole thing a little amusing as I am in Hong Kong, and it seems like the shipment is being shipped to the US then back to HK? Anyways, please confirm mine is being sent as I note in the comments that you're 'well into the 300's'. Thanks!!! Same situation as Melissa Sparks.... email for processing on April 26, and nothing since. The website shows no updates on shipping or processing. How close are you to completing your US orders? Will I receive a tracking number? Thanks! I have an email that says my order was picked up for processing on April 26th. What is the status of that order as it shows that nothing has been shipped or processes any further. I'm backer 883 and haven't gotten any emails yet. Hi Aaron, I'm backer #939, and I received a notice that my order was being prepared for shipment (with "Order #2017" on the subject line, weird) on May 6th. As of today, I have had no other information sent to me. BackerKit says that my order has shipped, but I have no other shipping confirmation, no tracking number, nothing. Can you please tell me if my package has shipped, and when so I can figure an ETA. Thanks. Hi Aaron, the address in CA and last name is correct. Do we have an ETA on the delivery arrival if it was shipped on the 10th? Thank you so much, I'm excited to receive my shotbox. Hi there, just looking for an update please? Thanks! Hello, any update please? Thank you! :) Hello I am backer 517 I cannot remember if I received or sent back a survey with shipping information. Can you please advise and as appropriate send a link to the survey? Thank you thank you for the update, but Switzerland is not a part of EU and customs will be significantly different...best regards, Pascal I am backer 428. When is my order set to go out? There is no rhyme or reason that I can see to how orders are being sent out. It seems like if I say something here, mine will be sent out sooner rather than later? Please let me know Hello, I'm backer 435. Any information about delivery to Switzerland ? Hi Aaron, I am backer #36 but haven't received any info or tracking Nr yet. Am I not in the first 300 that have been sent out already? I received a notice that mine has been shipped last March 29. Its already May 11 and I have not received anything. It has never taken me this long to receive anything from U.S. I guess mine has been lost in the mail. Did you get insurance for the package when you sent it? Thank you for the update, I look forward to it :) Thank you for the update! I put it on my calendar! Hi, I'm backer #919. Any update or ETA regarding shipping? Best,Romain I'm backer 181, have not received my Shotbox or received a tracking number yet can you let me know when shipping is due? Hi, I'm backer number 235, based in New Zealand. I still haven't received any shipment confirmation or product. Can you confirm this has been sent? Any idea on mine? I've been on vacation for a few weeks, so don't know if it arrived yet, but it would be awesome to get home this weekend to see my box! Hope mine will be among those 300, keep up the good work team! Hello, I'd like to ask if my order has gone out now? I'm worried with the delay, my friend (who ordered the same time as me) has already received confirmation that his was on the way. No update on mine :( Please help. Today is Saturday, April 29th, 2017, and I have yet to receive my order, or even the shipping information, despite having my ordered accepted and shipped out the week of the 10th. I feel I have been more than patient, and understanding, in respect to all manufacturing and shipping delays. However, enough is enough. It should not take weeks to have something of this size shipped to Las Vegas, Nevada. Is it coming or not? I will send those pics to you. But I more wanted to know the volts/watts/amps needed to power the lights so I can integrate a battery and not use the psu. Also, can the creator advise of the power requirements? I'd like to use a battery pack and plug it in the back in place of the psu. Got my shotbox. Only done a quick few tests but so far its very good. There are a few scuffs and marks on it though, so maybe keep an eye on manufacturing and quality control. It looks like it was dropped. A question, why so many magnets? I mean, i love magnets :) but why 12? Am i missing some use for them apart from using 2 to hold up the backdrops? Hi Arron, I haven't received a tracking number. I have scoured my spam folder too (its overzealous with "FedEx" but I can't see any tracking number. I'd be grateful if you could resend it. I must apologise for the tardy reply, I'm in the process of moving home. (My shot box is being delivered my work address) Aaron, I owe you an apology. I'm sorry for jumping the gun and being impatient. I received my Shotbox 2.0 and I'm very impressed with the quality, the packaging and the overall thought behind the design. Ive not utilized it yet, but I unpacked it, assembled it disassembled it and repacked it in the soft case. This is a quality piece of photographic gear. I still need to workout how to use the prints properly, but I'm sure I'll figure it out. I'm impressed and didn't think I would be. I'm only sorry that the delays caused myself, and others, to get upset and have doubts. Again, you have my apologies, Aaron @ Michael. They are going out today. Thanks! No... thank YOU for such a fine professional tool! I am backer number 984 out of 978 (not sure how that works but anyway), am I ever going to receive my Shotbox? Will it be December of next year? I read in another comment that these are already being sold by 3rd parties. How is that possible when most of the people who gave you the money to have them made in the first place haven't received them yet? That is shady and it makes me not want to have anything to do with you or your products in the future. I'm used to being taken advantage of by large corporations but to have it done so shamelessly by an individual that I was trying to help just feels like a kick in the teeth. Please be respectful and considerate and respond to this comment with a specific date that I can expect my Shotbox to arrive. I doubled checked and couldn't find the glare shields. @ Michael - It should have been in the same pocket as the SideShot. They're black as well, so a bit tricky to see. Check one last time in that pocket as well as any of the others, if you could. If not, we'll get some sent out of my office right away. I doubled checked and couldn't find them. Right now I'm prepared to pay more to have a guaranteed April shipping date. And for the record I raised the Coolest Cooler comment - I was a backer of that too, I am pleased to say I did finally get my Cooler after 3 years and 3 months. I was hoping Shotbox2.0 would be duffest seen as Aaron had taken Shotbox (1) to market so had some experience with the process. #Igotfooledagain. I received my unit yesterday and was very impressed. Extremely fine product for the price! I do have one small issue... the two Glare Shields were not included. Other than that, the product was worth the wait, and then some! @SHOTBOX This service might be of interest <url>“We want to make it easier for small businesses to do international trade, and more interesting for freight forwarders to serve them” Found them referenced in my read up on EORI number For EU residents: If you got a VAT number the procedure is apparently the following: Get import (and export registered) by getting an EORI number Delivery address on parcel should include EORI number Invoice should be plastic sealed on the outside (for inspection) With an EORI number you net tax will be ZERO, with the right accounting. e.g. For UK, start here <url>£70.77 between VAT, duty and Parcelforces charge for "admin". Sadly our import value thresholds are so low there's not much you can do to stop the charges, unless it's shipped from another EU country, or unless the sender blatantly lies about the value on the paperwork. First time Kickstarter backer. Last time Shotbox 2.0 backer! The update is uninformative, crass and full of hyperbole but no facts about actual delivery of the product. I was happy to wait patiently for the product but now I'm not so sure. It's already months late (and to be honest now too late for what I had planned to use it for but I was happy to continue as I wanted to support it) and your updates have included no serious timeline of delivery to let us know if we will see the product any time soon. To not give actual pinned down dates and information but to spend over half of the update paving the way for a request for more money does not feel me with hope or any expectation that I'll ever see this Aaron, I'm backer 237, that puts me before Susan. Get mine to me before the end of the month or please issue the refund. Aaron, im backer 237. When my order will ship to me? I do not receive them. Hi Aaron, I appreciate your detailed updates, and I'm trying my best not to be the squeaky wheel. But those that are squeaky seem to be the ones who are getting the shipments! (Unless they're the first ones to back the product, than that's understandable.) I don't mind waiting, but I really wish the backer numbers didn't get all mixed up...and really hope that it's not by alphabetical order. I still have faith that my order will be sent...but after reading a comment about the Coolest Cooler, it's starting to dim a bit... Hello Aaron, Can we have a more precise update? I mean the last one was long but contained very little regarding progress (where you are and how much is left to be done). On March 21st, you wrote: "We've gotten about 30% of orders processed so far, but have now been able to pick up more steam and are getting in the flow. We're averaging 50-75 a day so ..." Which translate into: "We processed 300 orders, we still have 650 orders to process. We are currently processing about 50 orders per day (worst case scenario), so it should be done within 15 working days (or about 3 weeks including week-ends) or around mid-April." And obviously the worst-case scenario is not happening (so it was not the worst case scenario). Like many people, I don't mind waiting for my order to be fulfilled (although the shotbox 2.0 was my wife's Christmas present), but I am having an issue (and I suspect I am not alone) when the product is being sold by 3rd parties before all backers have received theirs. This is just wrong, you are sending the message "next time, don't take the risk of funding me, just wait until it hit retail, you will receive it quicker (even if it is a slightly different configuration)." Hi Aaron, my biggest concern is that this campaign is going the way of Coolest Cooler, where backers have waited over 3 years for their product, they ran out of money before fulfilling all backers, so started selling on Amazon to generate more money. They tried a seeding round, but with threats of class action etc. No one was really interested. My advice would be, deliver all hard products pronto! Have positive feed back from backers, not a negative social media campaign against you. Then raise seed capital/angel investors for further growth. Some place like <url>— I put the white floor in but no other backdrops or anything. Glasswork is notoriously hard to photograph and even with these quick cellphone shots (Nexus 6P) and minor edits for exposure, I'm really happy with the results and looking forward to improving my workflow with it. Thanks again for a real Kickstarter success, Aaron. I found my AC adapter. There really aren't any brand markings — it's probably a good idea to take a Sharpie marker and write Shotbox on it immediately. Mine has that now and is safely tucked inside its orange box. I have a favor to ask of anyone who has also received theirs. I thought I put the AC adapter with the Shotbox, but, well, here I am starting to set it up for the first time and it isn't over there... and I have lots of generic AC adapters. None of the ones I've tried fit. Is there any chance someone who has one handy can describe it, especially the label? Any brand name that's on it plus maybe a description... like is the plug part a curved longer box, a more squared-off shorter box, that sort of thing. I'd really appreciate it! :\ I was just wondering if you knew what sort of time-scale the delays at the fulfilment center are? I got the order confirmation email last Friday, but there's no dispatch or tracking information. i want my tracking number ~ @Aaron Thank you for addressing my concerns. I don't mind the delays and, in fact, expect them with KS campaigns, but I assume I'm getting my rewards before the general public. When should I expect to receive this? I'm in CA. @Andrea - Thanks for pointing that out. I missed it in the comments. I bought a tripod and I don't see it listed. @Dion - I have the exact same situation, original KS backer who only pledged for panels this time. I did receive the stretch goal magnets, but not the shutter cable (see below; Aaron says it will get sent out). Your mileage may, of course, vary and your shipment be complete. Question: I backed the original Shotbox so for this KS campaign I backed for the panels only. My items were shipped today but I don't see the stretch goals included in the shipping list. Are they included? Anticipation... @Creator - I'm a bit concerned as I'm still waiting to receive my panels & art but I've received several emails since the 3rd of March that they're available to purchase from the Shotbox online store. Shouldn't you be fulfilling all your KS and Indiegogo pre-orders BEFORE selling/shipping to the general public? Is there any news yet on weather or not the shutter update cable will work with the new Iphone 7 if an adapter is used? Hard to believe nobody has an iphone these days. I guess hopefully soon I'll be able to answer my own question. Yes the cord is working. I got a US-NZ plug adaptor for it. Everything is working great! I'm glad you took the time to get good quality and didn't rush it! Thanks for the heads-up, Bob. I rechecked the crumpled paper and didn't find anything. I echo Lisa and Jacqueline... this is pretty great! Very, very nice work, Aaron — can't wait to bring this to the glass studio where I book time to show it off and hopefully help sell a couple. FWIW, the white shutter cable was in in a small crinkly plastic ziplock bag next to the black bag with the magnets, in the shipping packaging rather than the Shotbox box. There's crumpled paper in the shipping packaging, so you'll want to make sure you don't accidentally throw anything away. The legendary power cord is in a bright orange box that's easy to spot inside the Shotbox brown cardboard box. It's nice to see that people are getting their orders specially the International orders. Hopefully mine gets shipped soon. I haven't received any notification, keeping my fingers crossed. Never mind my last question, I just saw the answer in the FAQ! I just received mine and it's even better than I thought! Wow! Definitely worth the wait and the trouble. Everything is so great quality! And most of my questions were answered in the leaflets that came with it. Except for one: we've got 220V here in New Zealand, can I plug it without any problems? Hi Aaron, Just a note to let you know mine arrived today. I am super impressed with the quality of everything! It was very easy to set up and I was shooting test shots within minutes. This is exactly what I was hoping to find for all my online listings. Well done Team Shotbox!! Thanks so much for all your hard work. It just arrived! The panels look great. But, per the third stretch goal, weren't all backers supposed to receive that shutter release cable? It's nowhere in the box. It just arrived! The panels look great. My tracking number says it's out for delivery today! I kinda thought I would have had mine by now since I only live 50 miles from the delivery address. Any idea when I will get mine in Ogden? If it heps, Sandi, the FedEx phone app told me that it picked up my package and moved the expected delivery from Thursday to Wednesday. Hello, has anyone in US gotten a Shotbox yet? I also got a confirmation email. Don't know if it applies here, but shipping at this stage often is more about the combination of items than the backer number order... it's horribly slow to custom-pack different orders in sequence rather than putting together all the orders that got this combination of items, then all the orders that got a different combination, and so on. My notification is via FedEx, so if you install the app on a mobile device and register, you'll get notifications every step of the way. Just got an order confirmation email. Shipping details to follow once it ships. Shauna, I'm backer #1 (also US) and nothing here either as of this morning. According to the email update I received, the panels arrived March 4. I am listed as backer #2 on the kickstarter site and yet still no panels. Any time frame as to when my panels will arrive? It is a US order. Any updates on shipping? I've been visiting family for the past two weeks so I changed my address to theirs - I leave to go back home Sunday so I'm just wondering if I should change my address back? Thanks! Hi Aaron, I was wondering if there is an update on the international shipping (to the United Kingdom specifically). I'm backer #770 so I appreciate i'm near the back of the queue, but I'm due to move home early April. Not sure if I should change my address? Or should I leave it as the current one? That's great news! Thanks for the update. I'm so excited to get my Shotbox set up so I can get all my EBay and Etsy listings pretty-fied. You're gonna make my listing efforts so much easier! Any updates on the International shipping? When will you start shipping the International orders? I backed the Panels add on, that gets me the Kickstarter choice panels, I believe - I also paid for the case and I see nothing anywhere about that in my account. Can you please verify? Any updates on shipping for the US? Thanks! Hello, trying to reach someone about an address change! I am moving at the end of March and am worried about the time frame of this shipment. When can I expect to receive mine? I'm getting a bit impatient now. It's already March tomorrow. @shotbox is the update relating to the Hong Kong (international) orders? Any update on when these will be delivered? Already over 2 months over due.... Thanks, Shotbox, for letting us know. I've been waiting impatiently in New Zealand! @SHOTBOX thank you for the update. Hi, any update on international shipment to New Zealand? Any updates for the International orders? Sounds good! Thanks for the update! Any news or updates? Hi. Any news on the international shipments? Now that payment just got processed, when can we expect delivery? Thanks for the quick reply! The last update said the surveys be coming that day. I haven't seen a survey yet. When will they be sent? When should we be expecting the ship dates? Don't forget to ship all the stretch goal add-ons! Sounds like a win-win. Thanks for confirming! Thank you for your reply! Aaron, I may have zoned out a little, and would love a quick reality check... when you mention that the new KS Choice Print Set includes the original 8 plus the stretch 4, are the additional stretch 4 the solid-color backdrops, or are they additional prints? (I added a set of 4 backdrops to my pledge via the survey, but if they're being included anyway, I should go back and change that before everything's locked. But if that set is now 12 patterned prints, I'm good. Thanks!) I received my survey today. I didn't see anything there about the "stretch goal" items. Should this mention which 4 additional panels are included? The shutter release cable? i wanted to purchase more backgrounds but don't want to buy what I am already receiving! Thank you for your help What does the fabric mesh carrying tote look like? Will we be getting this before Christmas? Is there an update on when the surveys are going to be sent out? Printable holiday card would be great! Totally looking forward to getting my Shotbox in the mail so that I can start using it to take awesome photos of my products (Haven't seen a backer kit survey yet, hopefully they go out soon) Have the surveys gone out yet? Is shipping still on track for dec delivery? @Creator - Any updates on the shutter cable compatibility with the Iphone 7? How do I contact you guys privately? Can't remember, did you already collect shipping addresses? If yes, how do I change it? Thanks! Could you please confirm if Shipping cost has been charged or will this occur closer to delivery? Thanks @Creator - Thanks for looking into this. @Shotbox - Concerning the shutter cable. Do you know if the cable will operate with the Iphone 7 plus, using the adapter that was included with the phone? @SHOTBOX thanks, I could'n pay even after they opened the slot for me so I just paid via paypal. I also sent you the e-mail and kindly ask you to confirm you got everything. Thanks! So did we make it last stretch goal of the shutter cable? I know we hit 180K but there is no official acknowledgement of reaching it? Hey there, Quick question: My pledge could not be made because my credit card institute declared the source insecure. I will have to have them manually declare it safe for a certain time frame and can retry then. Did you have any prior trouble with the payment? Does anyone else have this problem? Thanks! <url>"Mmmmm, donut.") How wide is the hole in the top center? It's hard to tell, but I'm not sure it's large enough for a DSLR lens -- according to the tech specs on the Nikon site, my Nikon lenses range from 3.1 to 3.5 inches in diameter. Also, do you know the focal length that would best cover the full view from corner to corner? Thanks! How do I add a discount code? What dimensions are the official prints? Can we use 12x12 scrap booking printed pages as backdrops or only those offered in the 12 pack? We've got 220V here in New Zealand, will I need a 110 to 220V converter? To continue my previous comment - which is to say that I would be more likely to buy a pack of backdrops that have something in common that appeals to me, and would probably not buy a more random assortment that has only one or two things I would use. I love the idea of a holiday/seasonal pack! Other designs I'd like would be more fabric type designs, like burlap and linen (though I can also see the appeal of patterned fabrics), and maybe some less abstract designs, like vintage maps. Regarding variety in future packs - I can see it both ways, but I think I prefer themed packs. I think about when I buy packs of scrapbook paper and how there's always stuff in a pack I won't use, but that I also try not to buy a pack just for one or two designs I like. Regarding the covers we voted for, there's an awful lot of wood planks, how about some more sand, more plants, mosses, ferns, nature. Bark, trees, leaves. Take care, Ann Any chance for an American Flag as a print? Will there be any options on prints? As in, will we only have one package option to choose from (The top 12 prints) or is there a chance we can have various options of 12. Like maybe 3 or 4 packages of 12 different prints each, then we could even buy more than one set if that works for us? Because that would be awesome! @SHOTBOX Well it was just sent via fedex from the projector screen company(silver ticket). But yes they probably have some deal/contract with them. As a seller on Amazon, anything other than a pure white background is of no use to me. I would love the option of swapping out the colored / printed backgrounds for additional white backgrounds: Bright, gloss white, reflective white plastic, lustre finish white, and matte white would be extremely helpful. Perhaps you can achieve this and offer this as a survey option? Well, I had a 100 inch metal projector screen sent to me from the US a month or two ago via FedEx(US to Europe tracked 48 hour). That was a heavy and large item and it cost just a few dollars more than the shipping for this. It's just something to keep in mind as I'm sure a lot of backers have been stung before like myself with kickstarter projects upping the postage costs to help with profits (not saying thats whats happening here). I know I almost didnt go through with the pledge when the shipping costs came up. I think 35-40 is a more realistic shipping cost for this, still high but not so painful :) Well I get heavier items sent to me from a lot of places for a lot less. I want this Shotbox, but if anything will make me cancel the pledge it'd be the shipping fees at the moment. $65 shipping, ouch!! Anyway you can reduce this a bit as it seems excessive? Hi Shotbox team, Hello from India. Good Luck with the Project. Please deliver and don't disappoint like many other stuck projects on KS. Opted for the Deluxe and can't wait to take some pictures :) Looks like your backers are spread across the globe. Any chance you can upgrade your power adapter to include a set of international plugs? I like the innovation, but even the best smartphone camera cannot beat a DSLR or a hybrid camera in term of image quality. Are you planning support for this kind of camera in the future? I like the innovation but as good as the best smartphone camera can be, they do not beat a DSLR or hybrid camera in term of quality. Are you planning support for DSLR, compact or hybrid camera in the future? Glad to see the kickstarter up and running, and I can't wait to get my shotbox! I was just wondering if there will be an choice of power cables for international backers? Excited to see you back on Kickstarter--I love my Shotbox, and the panels and new backgrounds will be a great addition to my current setup. I'm behind you 100%! I'm very happy you brought this back! When will be we receiving our orders? So glad you guys are doing this again. Love the new panels!! Backed just for those! Woohoo, first backer!