@zappe: The SMB/FTP/"Home Connect" feature absolutely is in alpha (as we mentioned when we announced it), and we've been spending a lot of time in hardening other aspects of the product so we haven't had a chance to put the "polish" on that feature just yet. However, if you have problems with anything else, please by all means contact us at <email> and we'd love to investigate for you! @Aron: As with all other Kickstarter projects, we're always going to be working on new projects and new things to put out. Like a shark, companies die if they stop swimming! But we're absolutely still developing for the core Space Monkey product; it may not seem like it, because (as an example) new apps can't be put out until they're finished so it can take a while to see months and months of hard work as a user, but the team is still working hard. But, as far as "a prototype"-- definitely not. You still have what we're currently producing, marketing (it's what you can buy at spacemonkey.com today!), and developing software for! :) Hey guys! I'm sorry to have left all of you hanging; our public relations definitely isn't as active as you guys would like, and I'm sorry about that! While some things with our acquisition have been very smooth, other things have been slightly bumpy, so let me explain: The recent delays in support are due to support being handed off from me (Jessica, the one you guys have all been talking to for the last year) to a couple of wonderful customer care folks here at Vivint. As the product scales, we needed a lot more help, and they have stepped up in learning the product and answering folks. However, we have slightly changed the method for handling tickets, and one or two have fallen through the cracks for time periods that we do not find acceptable. We are working to remedy this and make these delays not happen anymore, so do know that we are incredibly sorry and working to make this not happen to you or any other customer in the future. For Heri, we actually are still innovating! However, with a new "real" parent company, those product innovations will likely not be coming through the Kickstarter channel, but rather as more of a "Here's a new, fully formed product, that you can order today and receive in a week!" kind of announcement. Or, so I assume, we may announce a month or so prior that it will be available in a few months, but we don't plan on having products be crowd-funded in the future. Not because you guys haven't been patient and wonderful, but we'd rather just have a more instant gratification for future products. :) Also, just as a super-minor shout out our parent company (Vivint) is actually a home security and automation company-- they have the camera thing in the bag. But their involvement in that kind of thing definitely has us thinking of how we can integrate into those types of products! @Bernie: A few months ago the app had a bug where it would sync data to the device, but then somehow the files didn't get linked into the filesystem properly, and so the app thought it had synced the file properly and delete it, and then the device would find unlinked files and think they were marked for deletion and delete them, and thus the files ended up lost. We've since fixed that problem and have been able to link the cases of limited data loss to that issue, but it's definitely unfortunate when it happens! That's why we're currently still in beta; we're doing our best to fix every bug so that data loss of any kind never happens, but you guys are our first users and at the time of this bug we'd only launched on such a large scale for a few months-- so, of course I'm very sorry if those albums were lost to this bug, but we're working hard to make sure that never happens again. If they were lost to this bug in the first place; it's possible that they just gave you a temporary error for some reason. We'd love to know how it turns out! You can also let us know at <email> if you'd like a quicker response, though we try to check in here as much as we can! @Matteo: You're one of our international 2TB backers; unfortunately, those devices are still delayed; you can contact us at <email> and we can give you more information and some options. @Bernie: We've had users stream music and such before without much issue; "pinning" it so it's local is a work-around, but your service should serve the music up quickly enough to truly stream it. If you contact us at <email> we can take a closer look to see what's happening. @Balazs: We're currently working to make network upload throughput more efficient, though of course the time will still depend on how much data you're uploading and your available upload speeds (which sounds like it isn't too much of an issue for you, awesome!). You also have to remember that your device has to check the health of all of your files on the network, and the more you store the longer that can take... but the improvements we're currently working on should help that, also. However, all of that uploading and repair checking at once can take up a lot of your device's time, so it can cause other interactions to slow. Hopefully that will improve with the fixes we're doing, but for now we recommend "pinning" any files you want to play or use a lot for optimal streaming, especially since you have a lot of local space. 1) Our recent acquisition has complicated that a little in that we now have a lot of other people to run things like that through and collecting money for the upgrade is something that we probably have to do differently, so sorting all of that out is taking us a little time. We do still plan on offering it, and I'm sure we will do so before the international accounts come up for renewal, so as to not cause you guys to pay more than you have to for yearly service if you plan to upgrade to own. 2) Streaming support is the next big feature we plan to release, but features aren't ready until they're ready and it was a lot of back-end work to pipe through. Still, we're getting close to releasing v1 of our streaming capabilities, with improvements and more functionality to follow. 3) Well, we promised "accelerated" development, which is the case. We now have more resources to grow our team and make Space Monkey better, faster. However, teams don't grow and gain knowledge of our entire product overnight! :) @Gio: You can go to beta.spacemonkey.com and log in with the email address you use for Kickstarter. If you need to reset (or just get) your password, you can go to beta.spacemonkey.com/forgot_password . Anyway, you can update your address for your account there! @BR: I responded to your message, but I will also respond here: All devices have shipped with the exception of the 2TB devices and a small amount of 1TB devices that had shipping exceptions (like yours). If you are a 1TB backer and have not received your device, please send us an email at <email> so we can sort out what happened with your shipment! @Aron: I'm very sorry you're not satisfied, but we're not overly sure what update you want. Do you have a specific question you want answered? @Jean-Marc, Fred: I apologize!! We've been a little behind due to the announcement email that went out a few days ago. You both are in the same situation; you're international 2TB backers, which we're still figuring out the best/fastest way to fulfill your rewards. We should have an update for you guys very soon. Sorry for the delay! Status update, there you are! :) We needed to get all of the ducks in a row before we could announce the acquisition, but we're excited about it! @Greg, Andrew: I have not heard about any plans at all to phase out Space Monkey, though I've heard of several plans and exciting things they want to accomplish with us! So, for you backers, it just means that we'll have even more resources and awesome, talented folks to help us make the product better and more awesome for you! Vivint, itself, is a pretty young, enthusiastic company-- and while I can't speak for them officially, of course, they definitely seem very excited to have Space Monkey on board, both the team and the product! Even our company colors already match up. ;) @Nick: I'm sorry you feel so strongly about the ToS; they're really pretty standard among hardware companies. You actually have even less protections under Kickstarter (for example, the new terms provide for a one-year warranty, whereas nothing on Kickstarter mentioned a warranty of any kind). However, you have the right to feel however you feel, of course! Anyway, we definitely still want to provide a purchase option and will be doing so; we've been a little delayed due to other concerns but I'll remind the guys who make these decisions to get that moving for you all. Manuel is right about being able to restrict the bandwidth of your device; you can restrict it all the way down to 300kbps up and down within the preferences in your desktop app. @Manuel: Thank you for being helpful with using your own experience to help other users, that's awesome! :D @Trip: We definitely would have let everyone know of the speed issues with iPhoto if we knew that it would definitely be one; we weren't fully developed as a product at the start of the Kickstarter campaign. We're being as honest as we can now that our product has launched and we're getting reports of this being an issue. @David: All 1TB device rewards should have shipped, with some minor exceptions. We'll be in touch via email (look for an email from <email>) about your case in specific; I suspect I know what happened regarding your shipment, and how to rectify it. @Trip: I'm glad you've had good luck with external drives before, but I'm just quoting Apple, there. And, as Manuel mentioned (and was right on the money about, actually, thanks Manuel!), iPhoto CAN work with Space Monkey-- but it's slow, for the reasons he mentioned, and may have some risks involved, as mentioned by Apple. @Johan: Did you send it to support@? We never received it if so, sorry about that! Anyway, we're considering making it so users can relocate their cache, but there's no ETA on that feature being implemented. DLNA support will likely come much sooner. @Fred: Multiple accounts is something we definitely want to do, but we have some other big things to get done, first. Still, it's on the road map and we definitely plan to offer it, hopefully soon! @Jean-Marc, Matteo, Nigel, Swamys, any other 2TB backers: The 2TB devices have not yet shipped. We were waiting on a few software changes that were necessary in order to make the 2TB devices work properly (understand the additional space, etc). In testing those changes, we came upon a couple of other issues that are now being corrected. Essentially, we still intend to ship the 2TB devices, but it could take a little longer to finish all of the necessary testing/coding iterations, because we don't want to ship a product knowing that it won't work properly! If you have any further questions or would like to ask for a refund, please contact us at <email> and we'll answer those concerns right away. @Trip: Refund concerns need to go through <email> -- though, specifically for iPhoto, Apple advises not to store actual iPhoto libraries on external drives/devices: <url>"show package," and moving those photos over. I think they're called "masters" or something similar when you click show package. @Soeren: I understand your concerns, and all of the issues you pointed out are on the road map (in fact, some are being actively worked on at the moment). In the mean time, if you have questions about your account and the expiration date, you can contact us at <email> and we'd be happy to tell you the dates we have in your account for you. I can only speak very generally on a lot of your questions, but I think generally the Space Monkey network is working as expected especially considering the relative newness of the product-- aka, there's still a lot of things we want to improve! I don't know that we have a hardened, release-ready road map, but multi-user and SMBA/DLNA support are DEFINITELY on it. @Tobias: Well, there's one reason behind that specific case: currently, your phone is actually not communicating over the LAN, even if that's where it's connected! Silly, yes, and we're currently working on fixing that, so you should see a speed up there, soon. ("Soon" is a relative thing, of course; as with everything, it needs to be finished, tested, iterated, etc. But it's coming!) @Whitecat: Thank you! :) We're happy that you're enjoying it! @DW: Sorry for the shipping being a little painful, but I'm glad you got it and were able to get it working! Thank you for the feedback. :) @Balazs: Thank you for all of the feedback, also! As you have run into, there's a lot of improvements we can still make regarding the service, and we definitely want to do so! I'll forward your feedback on the the engineering team so they know. :) @Artur: We definitely still plan on offering another upgrade path for you international folks, we're just giving you a few weeks to try out the product so that you have as much time with your Space Monkey as possible before making that decision. @Sam: Of course! No worries at all, we all have hard days. I'm glad we could make at least this part of it a little better. @Robin: These features are definitely still in process! With all of the new international devices shipping we have a lot going on, but I'll look into getting the powers-that-be to make another update regarding our upcoming features. :) @Gijs: Thank you for contacting us at support@ about this! To keep it on top, any user who has a technical issue, PLEASE contact us at <email> for the fastest resolution of your issue. Please include your account email (likely the same one as your KS account) and the HWID from the bottom of your device. @Balazs: We wanted to give you guys the chance to use your Monkeys so you would know for sure if you wanted to upgrade or not, but we still plan on offering an upgrade path in the coming weeks once you've had some time to play with the service! As I mentioned to Robin, I'm going to see if we can't get a feature-related update out sometime soon. However, we're definitely still working on the features we've mentioned in prior updates, especially DLNA/SMBA support! @Steven: As Marc mentioned, please contact us at <email> about this, and please include a receipt or proof of payment for how much you paid in duties charges, and we'll get it straightened out for you. @Marc: You're awesome, thank you for helping out around here and for all of the support! :) @Nick: We've been in touch regarding your support question, thank you for emailing us! We're waiting a couple of weeks for everyone to try their devices out and get a good feel for the service, but we do plan on making an upgrade offer available to the international folks. @Sam: We mentioned in a previous comment that we directed our shippers to bill any customs charges back to our account, but if that wasn't done please contact us directly at <email> along with the receipt or paperwork you got showing the bill for the customs charges and we'll figure out what happened. @Well, all! As you probably can see, we're shipping international device as quickly as we can manage. It's the great ship-off, everybody! I'm excited to hear that most of you are receiving them and enjoying them! However, if you have support requests, PLEASE email them to <email> Due to the volume of requests we are receiving due to this large shipment, we probably will not respond here very quickly, and typically we'll just tell you to email us there, anyway! Please make sure you either message us from the email account your Space Monkey is linked to or specify the proper email address for expediency. If you haven't been able to link your device with your account yet, then please specify the HWID (from the bottom of the device). This will help expedite your request so we can get you online faster! If you just have feedback you want to share with your fellow backers, then of course continue posting here. :) But once again, any support requests or reports of things not working properly, please send to <email> @Matthew: Answering your support@ request about this; to summarize what was said there, there's currently a very-alpha version of the Linux client. @Daniel: Your device is probably already on the way, but if you don't receive it within a business week, send us a message at <email> and I'll check into your shipment specifically for you. @Robert, Chu: Yay! :D We're really excited, too! We think you'll love them. :) @Thang, Three Axis: As you probably can see, the UK devices just got shipped out yesterday, and the rest of the European backers will be after that, and then the rest of the international devices soon after that. Fulfillment has begun for all countries, we're just doing them one at a time, but you should get shipping confirmation fairly soon! As far as shipping routes: shipping from the US ended up being the fastest way to get your devices to you, because they needed some minor repackaging that could only be done in our office, first. However, we have instructed UPS (our shipper) to bill any customs or duties charges back to our account. @Ayalon: Thank you for contacting us at support@, we'll handle your inquiry there! :) @Court: We'll be happy to help you with any refund/return inquiries at <email> @Jean-Marc: Similarly, if you are no longer happy with having backed us, you can also contact us at <email> and we can try to help you with any concerns or give you a refund if that's what you would prefer. @Matthew: The UK devices are coming soon, don't worry! :) The wait is nearly over! @Philippe: It is true that we're still completing the Canada/Mexico orders, but most should have been sent by now. I went ahead and checked into yours and got it on the list to be shipped asap, so you should get a tracking number within the next couple of business days confirming that it has shipped. Any Canada/Mexico backers who have not received a tracking number or a device, please feel free to contact us here via PM or email us at <email> and we'll check into your device's shipping status for you. @Johan: We're still on target to meet the timelines we've outlined in the last couple of updates. They'll be coming soon! We haven't finalized our plan regarding the actual path of shipment, but we'll have that worked out soon, as well. We're going to try to avoid import taxes for you guys if we can! @Marc, that's fantastic to hear! @Matteo, not much longer now. @Nathan, and really anyone who has asked for a refund in the last 30 days-ish: We have recently hit a stall with issuing refunds because the person who handles that issue has been out of the office. It was not simply being busy, and we never implied that; this person has come down with an extended and unavoidable illness, but is still working when able. Refund issues are much slower to be processed as a result, and we deeply apologize for that, but he is absolutely going to get to your refunds as soon as humanly possible, and we must ask for your patience until then. @Soeren: Oh, sorry! That was a miss-type on my part. They're going to begin shipping before mid-June, but I'm not sure if they'll be at your door by then; it depends on shipping times and how long it takes them to get through customs and such. @Terry: We responded to your similar email, but essentially, we're only taking immediate orders for domestic (US) shipments at this time. We have not and will not take orders from a country until we have completed fulfillment of the Kickstarter rewards for that country. @Chris: As the new update says, we're still on track to begin shipments in mid-June to UK/EU Kickstarter backers. @Matthew, we just posted a new update yesterday. We're still on track for the International delivery schedule discussed in update #16. @Marcus: If you're in Canada and haven't received your device, please contact us at <email> @CJ: Thanks for the review and kind words! We're happy you're having a good experience, and it's about to get better with a new speed boost we're currently rolling out. Regarding the auto-sleep suspension thing... sadly, we can't really control what the phone decides to allow us to upload once we're in the background. There's probably improvements to be made there, though, and we'll try to find them! Oops, *back from the original/still working disk to a new, replacement disk. :) @Matthew: Two-factor redundancy has its own failure cases, because if one drive fails you're now back to having a single drive with your files while you work to copy the data back to the original disk. This is why Space Monkey currently allows for 20 failures, as well as the failure of your original copy. And a local drive that you can reach from the internet is not cloud storage and does not provide the same flexibility as cloud storage. However, I am glad that you have found a solution that works for you, and wish you well with it in the future. As I said, we'll be here if you ever change your mind. @Antonio: We're sorry we couldn't meet your expectations, but we'll be here if you change your mind about not wanting a cloud storage solution. For our other European customers, we definitely regret the delays we've had but we are still on track to deliver in mid-June as our last update mentioned-- so we thank you for your patience, and the wait is almost over! @SECURIFI: Oh, sorry about that! Give it a try now; you may need to restart your browser or clear your browser history if the old version is cached, but it should download the correct file, now. @Nicolas: Our latest update goes into what's going on with international deliveries and such: <url>"That puts us at a target of around mid-June to fulfill United Kingdom and European Kickstarter orders. Other countries outside of Europe should start to see units soon thereafter." @Johan: We're working on some cool things that we want to get finished for update number 17, but for now regarding international shipping, we're still on target for mid-June! @Diane: It's still going out, slowly but surely! If you haven't received a shipping notification already, then you should get one in the coming days. @Matthew: We're still on target for what our update said! @Y. Chung: We got it, and we had been looking into it, I was just bad about letting you know our progress, sorry about that! We're still looking, your case is puzzling! @Peppe: Thank you, and to you! @Dave: Nothing new since update #16; we're still expecting EU/UK shipping to begin by mid-June. @Peppe: Thank you for contacting us via support@ about your refund request. @Francis/Omri: The latest update: <url>"Delivery of units to international customers depends on regulatory approvals, and may be delayed past the estimated dates listed in the Rewards section." I know that is little consolation, and we're working hard on getting units to you. We *do* value our International backers highly, and we *do* have a plan to make this right by you. If there were any way for us to have put units in your hands already, you'd have them right now. I know you must be tired of us thanking you for your patience, but that's all we can do right now. We are exploring several options for getting your rewards to you, but can't commit to any of them until we gather a bit more information. Even though we haven't shipped units outside of North America yet, some users have snuck them out themselves. There are currently Space Monkeys running on 5 of the 7 continents, and they appear to be working well, so hopefully that boosts your confidence that yours will work when it arrives. Hey guys! So, we do have a bit of new information to share: We've started shipping to Canada! And Mexico should be soon to follow. We're still gathering information so we can give an update regarding the other international waves, but we're making progress! Hello all International Backers! We have not forgotten you. In fact, there's not a day that goes by at Space Monkey HQ where you aren't discussed. We are acutely aware that we are late getting units to you, and are extremely grateful for your patience in delivering. Unfortunately, it's going to be at least until next week before we have solid plans to share -- we've been waiting on some news from some of our internal partners regarding dates in order to accurately project how this will impact you. As always, we stand behind our campaign and will refund if you are tired of waiting. We do plan on making this right by those who stick with us, making this wait worth your while. More news on that will be coming soon too. Again, sorry for the lack of news. One of the reasons we've not sent out the next update yet is because we are awaiting clarity of schedule. We know this is frustrating. It's frustrating for us too. But you are not forgotten, and we love having you on board. Hopefully the chance for you to get the product Internationally long before others in your countries will be able -- and at a steep discount -- will partly make up for the frustration. @Dave: We don't monitor the forums overly well (it's a community forum basically, so we're in and out) but we did get your email and have been looking into it, the engineer doing so just never touched base to let you know that was happening, sorry about that! @Johan: We don't have a delivery date yet, or more than I've said below that I know of that's ready for public release. But, I'll touch base with the people who communicate with the factory and see if there's anything new to be known and see if we can't update you international folks about it. @All Users: Kickstarter is currently malfunctioning and not allowing us to respond to PM's, though I can apparently still respond here. I'm unsure if this is a temporary glitch or what's going on, but if you want a response from us, please email <email> and DO NOT PM us here on KS. @Dmitry: There will definitely be another upgrade option for international folks when they receive their device. @Balazs: Oh! I wasn't the one who typed that post up, so I didn't realize that the report being finished was mentioned. It is the latest update, though. We're not delaying production intentionally, but producing units in a busy factory in China takes more than a phone call. :) I know we have reserved various times for production runs with the factory, and I know there's one coming up, I just don't know the exact date. @Greg: For a US 2TB unit? They're coming soon! In fact, I think we might be starting the shipment of those today... @Rosely: Glad we could make you happy, and thanks! @Axel: I'm so sorry, I didn't get any of those! Did you ever email <email>? That's by far the best monitored of our various communication sources. If we didn't get it from there, then I apologize, the support ticketing service must have hiccuped and skipped yours. :( I just put your unit in for shipment with the warehouse though, so you should get an email in the next couple of business days with a new tracking number. I'm sorry for the confusion! We're going to single-handedly keep USPS afloat. Mail all the things! :) @International folks: We don't have a ton of new information for you guys, but I will say-- the CE testing is done, yay! We got the report back, which means we can now officially produce CE-stamped units that won't get rejected at the European border (or wherever else CE-stamps are accepted). Manufacturing of the CE-stamped units should begin fairly soon. @Rosely, check has been put in the mail -- sorry for the delay! @Felipe: Contact us at <email> for any refund questions. Hi Niko, letting users delete their keys from their central account is technically pretty easy to implement, but making sure users understand the consequences of pressing that button involves messaging in several places across the software stack, including all clients, so its one of those coordinated changes that we just have to plan for carefully. Hopefully soon! All, warranty agreement has been finalized. Device will come with at least 1 year of protection. @Balazs, don't worry! We'll give you a great deal. But we also want to be fair to those international backers who have already upgraded, without even trying the service out yet. @CJ, sorry its going so slow for you. Performance improvement is one of our top priorities at the moment. Keep in mind, however, that most cloud services range from speeds of 250kbps up to 1mbps, so transferring 232.6GB to a traditional service could take you several months. *Still*, we have lots of room for improvement here, and are targeting a couple of days - max - for a transfer of that size. @Niko, please keep in mind that unless you can audit a company's datacenter code, claims of zero-knowledge can't be confirmed; even if you assume that their system is zero-knowledge today with no security holes or flaws, it doesn't mean that in the future some nefarious entity can't compel them to build in backdoors to the software you install on your own computer. We continue to believe the Space Monkey model is better in this regard; the datacenter is in your house. We will provide customer-controlled key management soon. @George, you should have received an email today with details about upgrade offer for International backers. @Y.Chung: It's coming, don't worry! @Rosely: Sorry, we're a little slower on processing things due to the holidays; I see that it was received by the shipping facility, so we'll be processing a refund for you soon. @Mirana: You can use the web client (<url>"Complete Cloud storage subscription service" 2) the Kickstarter FAQ (<url>"Q: What if i cancel my susbscription? A: We'll give you a pro-rated refund on your subscription once the device is sent back." 3) the reward levels themselves, in particular, the $349 level which is the only one that included device ownership, "Purchase the Space Monkey device +3years of the subscription (for yours to keep)." 4) numerous discussions in this forum and in the update post forums, e.g., back on Aug 12 we posted "BTW, we're still considering an upfront purchase model without monthly subscription (as well as a way for backers to convert to such a plan)," on Apr 30, "the purchase-outright option comes with a 3-yr subscription, after which you would need to renew," and answers to users asking questions like "I am still unaware of what are the advantages of continually paying a subscription and never owning the device versus paying for it initially." We're very sorry if you purchased a subscription thinking it was something else, and will be glad to work individually with you to try to make this right (please email support@). But we all should also remember that Kickstarter is a crowdfunding platform. As a backer, you are investing in an idea, a partner in helping that idea come to life. As a backer, you get early input into the project, and early access to a reward associated with the project. That input has been incredibly valuable to us -- it's one of the CORE REASONS we have moved to an upfront purchase model going forward. We wanted to include you in this change if it was appealing to you. If it is not appealing to you, we're happy to keep you on your current plan. @Mirana and @Hector, great points. Good catch on the 18-vs.-19 months -- we will honor the extra free month all KS backers get. We agree that ideally users should have a chance to try it before committing to the upgrade. The clock on service doesn't start until you have plugged in your device, or had it in your possession for at least 30 days. I think you'll both be happy with our warranty when we unveil it. @Jason C, yes -- we have that ready to go minus the backend plan changes and landing pages. 2TB tier, $209 tier, and $349 (which already own the device) tier will be getting unique offers over the next week or so. @Sylvain, we're in the process of sweetening the upgrade offering, I think you'll be happier with what we're doing. We're also almost through the process with Counsel on terms and warranty, and think you'll be happy with what will be there -- thanks for your patience as we firm all this up! @Scott, we'll be sorry to see you go, but are happy to process a refund due to the misunderstanding. Please email us directly at <email> for handling. REGARDING UPGRADES TO OWNERSHIP Thanks for the candid feedback everyone: the upgrade path is optional. If you prefer the lease model, you are free to stick with it -- nothing has changed on the original rewards you selected *unless* you choose to change. Regarding the concern that the upgrade path doesn't provide enough incentive to switch for certain tiers of reward levels: We hear you. We are working on fixing this for everyone. You will receive emails shortly. REGARDING QUESTIONS ABOUT SUBSCRIPTION VS UPFRONT PURCHASE @Scott and others with questions about subscription vs. ownership: We believed we were being very clear on the original subscription model: device comes with your subscription, and as long as your subscription remains current, the device stays with you. For example, see the Kickstarter FAQ under "What happens if I cancel my subscription?", or note that we added an option to purchase the device upfront part way through the campaign (the $349 level, update #1 discussed this). There were many questions about the subscription model early on in the campaign in this exact forum, and if you scroll back you'll see our responses have been consistent. *However*, if you did not understand the subscription nature of the offering when you backed, that is on us -- it is ultimately our responsibility to make sure this is super clear. If you would like to discuss individually in further detail, we're happy to do that either via Kickstarter messaging or <email> @Moosa, @Giulherme, @Hector, thanks for the input on this, great things for us to consider. We will be getting you more details on warranty as soon as we have all the pieces pinned down -- waiting on some work legwork from legal and our suppliers on how component manufacturer warranties affect things. @Cyril: I answered you via email, but as a summary for anyone else with the same question: the Kickstarter pricing plan was a lease model, not a purchase model. Thus, your "ownership" of the device ended when the subscription did, via the Kickstarter model. @Moosa: That's a good point and one we'll think over. If it breaks and is in the warranty period, we will fix it. Otherwise, you cannot repair it yourself; you will need to either purchase a new device or (something we're currently thinking about) ship it back for repair, or something along those lines. An extended warranty is a good idea! I'll suggest that up-stream. @Hector: As I mentioned, whether we offer some kind of "refurbishment" process (whether that be by sending it back or at a user's home) or not is something that we're considering and we'll give details on when we've worked it out! :) Hey guys, you've made some valid points re: the warranty (especially regarding for international usage, I'm sure the lawyers would love to read up on those cases), and I've forwarded your thoughts on to the person who talks to the lawyers and we'll see what comes from that. Regarding replacing your own hard drive, @Soeren is right in that there is software pre-loaded on the drive and restrictions coming from that. It could be the case that you had a hard drive failure and a perfectly functioning Monkey otherwise, or vice versa, which is where the thought of sending it in for refurbishment came in. But, once again, that's something we haven't explored well, yet, because it wasn't an issue under the lease model. @Soeren: Correct; with lease, we replace if the device dies. And actually, if the hard drive dies, you have to get a whole new Monkey; we do not enable users to replace their own hardware. However, there could potentially end up being an option to ship the Monkey back and get us to "refurbish" it for you for less cost, but this isn't an option we've explored much, yet. Essentially, you break "even" if your Monkey lasts a little more than two years. ($199 + $49 = $248, vs $120 + $120 = $240). If your hard drive lasts three years as you mentioned is your typical average, then you definitely start saving money. Essentially, we're making it so the people whose drives live for greater than two years no longer subsidize the people whose drives last for less than two years, and that's where you see the savings. We still need final clearance from the lawyers for the device's warranty period, but it's looking to be around 90 days. Power consumption's official answer: About 7-8 Watts. @ Folks asking about power consumption: I've got a question in to the hardware guy, but the answer is, "not much." We got low power consumption hardware for everything, so it doesn't take much. I'll give you a more exact answer when he gets back to me! For unbias reviews, you will have to wait until your fellow users provide those. I think any reviews from us are biased by definition! :) @ Guilherme: In theory, you will be able to flash it back to being a standard external drive. In fact, under that circumstance you will be able to use the entire 2TB! That functionality is not currently enabled, but is something we're starting to look into with the new purchase option becoming a thing! @ Hector: Starting to ship! It's definitely going to be finished by end of year (as will wave E and whatever US backers are in wave F). @Hector: Done! "The HDD never spins down, because we don't want to be parking the heads and starting/stopping the motor all the time. Those are the things that wear hard drives out. Turning the HDD on and off all the time would wear it out quicker than having it on all the time. And our power supply and filtering is good stuff, so no worries there." Evidently, most NAS devices never spin down, either. Alright everyone, first things first, if you ever have a specific support request regarding your device, the best thing to do is first go to support.spacemonkey.com and see if anything there helps, and then e-mail us directly at <email> . Support@ is monitored the best out of all of our communication avenues, so you'll get the fastest response there. Onwards! @Y.Chung: Awesome! You're very welcome, we hope you love it! @Daniel: The last update regarding international orders was this one: "CE testing has wrapped up. Reporting and documentation requirements are still being finalized, but it looks like we will soon be ready to start manufacturing units for international backers. We'll let you know if we hit any snags on the way to international fulfillment, and will update with firmer schedule details as soon as possible." We have nothing further to add right now, but we'll definitely let you and all of our international customers know as soon as we do! @CJ: I love wall of texts (And that's no sarcasm!), the more feedback, the better! I'm making notes of various things that you found that were bugs and/or feature requests to pass on to the team, but glad that you seem overall happy! I'll address questions in-line here, though. -There is currently no way to add privacy settings and such, but we're currently working on shared/"team" folders which should have read-only and read-write sharing (if not right away, then definitely soon after implementation). This way you can have a family photo folder, share it as read-only with everybody, and you're off to the races. (Though I think there will be limits on how many people one folder can be shared with-- we'd love for user input on what those limits should be!) - There's currently no way to rename, but I don't think you'll need to. If your family gets SM devices, they couldn't be logged into the client at the same time as you, so you will only ever have one device "connected" to any given user account at any given time. - @Justin answered the question about the lights perfectly, thanks! - The USB port is for Space Monkey-official-internal diagnostics only. - Power consumption was a very big factor for us when designing the hardware, so we're glad you appreciate it! - Make sure you wait until it's fully synced to the network before "pulling the pug"! You can view the progress (essentially, be notified of completion) by going to alpha.spacemonkey.com and looking for the icon in the lower-right corner below your file system listing. It'll either be a rotating orange icon that shows progress, or a green checkmark to show completion. - Mobile clients operate over the internet, yes. This includes the web client. - If you look at the "speaking Space Monkey" guide, you'll also notice that the blue rocketship icons actually mean that it's backed up to your local device. The "initial transfer" most people experience is really just it copying into a local cache. We're going to make a support site that explains this better and says everything that happens. The only way to check about network/"cloud" status is that icon I mentioned earlier on alpha.spacemonkey.com - The way we spread the wealth is basically by randomly choosing 40 best buddies for your data and sending it that way. Getting into it more than that is probably proprietary, but suffice to say we've got methods. :) - I assume with this filename prefix thing, you mean... automatic photo uploads via mobile? Whoo! I think I got all of it! :) Thanks for all of this, I'm sure it'll help other users, too! @Cryil: I answered more fully via PM when you messaged me, but suffice to say "no"; currently you cannot attach two devices to one account. This is something we expect to have enabled fairly soon, but even when it is enabled, it will just add to the existing storage for your account and will likely not even be treated like a separate "Monkey" by your clients and accounts at all. @Justin: Currently, everything you see from your desktop client pertains to the sync'ing between your computer and the device (other than bandwidth settings). The spark thing is not standard at all, but the devices have been through all of the safety testing and such necessary to be sold in the US. Definitely let us know if that sparking thing persists or get worse (though don't unplug your device until your data has transferred!). As I mentioned, a lot of your files aren't "sync'd" to the device, yet. They aren't on the device unless and until they have the blue rocketship icon. You can go up and read some of the stuff I said to CJ in regards to the initial transfer just being to cache; this is a confusion for a lot of users and definitely something we need to explain the steps of in a support document. @Y. Chung: Hey! We've sent an inquiry into the shipping fulfillment company about it, as they sent us an invalid tracking number so we can't look into it, ourselves. We're waiting to pester them further because of the holiday, but we'll let you know as soon as we hear back! @Raam: Thank you! We're glad you like it. :) @Sylvain: I'm not the country guy, so I'm not 100% sure, but I know he said there were some other things. @Sylain: We're definitely working on it! But F is an international wave, so your shipment isn't dependent on the US waves' shipping speeds at all, but rather our international certification's progress assuming your country accepts CE certification. But, that's also proceeding nicely! @CJ: Sorry! It's the only way to be sure it's getting to the right place, especially around the holidays when porch-theft becomes more common. @Justin: Mentioned from support@, but done! :) @Jacob: Thank you! We wanted our users to feel like they were getting something special, and we're glad you enjoyed it! I think you'll enjoy the service just as much. @Nathan: Glad you got it sorted out! If you have other tech-support related questions, you may want to e-mail <email> since we're more active about monitoring that. @Wayne/Nathan: Nathan is exactly right; 2TB is the entire drive capacity. @Cyril: Awesome! :) We're excited for you to get to use it! @Brian: I went ahead and added you to our Linux alpha testing request list. So, as soon as we have something we can share with everybody, we'll shoot you an e-mail! @Rodrigo: Yes; sadly, we're lagging behind on sending an update to the 2TB backers, as you can probably see from prior updates, below. The 2TB drives are on a separate manufacturing schedule than the 1TB drives, so we need to send a separate update and will hopefully do so soon. @Brian: While one of our long term goals is to offer audibility of our clients and the ability to have users directly inspect what is happening with their files, we are not currently in a position to offer source tarballs, and will probably just be shipping binaries for the near-term foreseeable future. Additionally, while our current client does not need to run as root, it does need access and permissions for /dev/fuse on Linux systems which is not always standard. Supporting a different client architecture for bulk import is under consideration but not scheduled. @Hector: Our first and second days were actually very busy ones; someone could have backed two hours later than someone else and they'd be hundreds of backers behind in the schedule. I'm not sure whether your survey response time had any impact on your backer number, but it doesn't seem like it since there are a lot of people behind you that answered their surveys before you did. Not sure if that helps or not! That's right, folks! We're starting wave C roll out! I know we're sure excited to finally get these Monkeys into everybody's hands! @Denny: Believe me, I'm definitely working on it. The folks who have final clearance on bigger stuff that gets sent out officially are currently out of the office, but I'll work on making sure it's high on their checklist for when they get back! @Brian: Yes, we are definitely planning on doing something like this. In fact, this is how we plan to support SMB and DLNA when we finally get to those features. They will be backed by a CLI daemon running on the node, and I suppose there's no harm in letting people run the daemon themselves. No current estimate for when this will arrive yet, though. @Justin: We have to work out the details on that, so nothing official yet, but we'll be sending out an e-mail if/when we figure those details out! I know, guys. A lot of promised e-mails. They are coming, though! Half of the e-mails are actually written, our head decision makers are just out making other awesome things happen for Space Monkey, right now. :) @Nick: Whoops, posted before finishing! Laptop keyboards. :) Anyway, we're completing the final testing this month. This update: <url>~90GB on there. @Nick: We're completing the final testing @Nathan: Ahhh, data caps. Well then, definitely using your office would be the best plan for you, and it shouldn't cause any problems. @Thomas, William: I absolutely agree, and I've been pushing to get something out to you 2TB guys. I will push harder as soon as I'm back in the office on Monday! :) @Nathan: That shouldn't cause any problems at all. Though, what CJ suggests is also a perfectly valid option and one I suspect a lot of users may find works for them. :) @Ary: Since you're a 2TB customer, you're in the 2TB wave! You should've received an e-mail about your assignment to whatever address Kickstarter provided to us. The 2TB devices are on a different production schedule, so they will be shipped separately from the 1TB devices. @Peppe, we definitely still view local protocol support as super important and are chomping at the bit to finish it up ourselves, but support will likely not appear until early next year. We'll send out a roadmap update again soon. Thanks! @Nick: We're trying to do better, so thank you for the encouragement! It's glad to know that it's making life easier for you guys. We cannot condone shipment of US devices outside of the country, as they are not certified for any other country's customs requirements. However, we can change folks into US waves if they would like to change their devices into gifts for a US customer, and if that customer then decides to take their device with them when they visit overseas (with every intent to return it to the US, of course), it should work just about anywhere they take it if they swap in the right power cable. :) @CJ: Thank you! Doing something great for our users is part of what inspires us to work hard every day, so we really love the encouraging words! You're right when you say the waves are our current priority, but we're thinking of what we want to do regarding what types of subscriptions to make available, or maybe even outright purchase... we're not sure yet, but we're trying to come up with something we think will continue to give everyone a great value in cloud storage! @Jacklyn: Thank you for contacting us via support@; I've responded to your inquiry, there. :) @Soeren: Our pleasure! We definitely want to make sure you get it, so please do! Fingers crossed that the mail man didn't drop it in the ocean on the way across or something. @Ferit: You are part of wave E! You should've gotten a wave assignment e-mail a couple of weeks ago, to whatever e-mail you used to sign up on Kickstarter. @Soeren: Yours was mailed on the October 9th. I'm not sure how long things typically take to ship from the US, for you; does a month sound like it's taking too long? @Susan: You should have received a wave e-mail; it was sent to the address from your kickstarter account. However, you are wave C, which is the first non-Utah wave. @Kevin: We actually already have an internal map! I'll have to see if we can't make it publicly accessible, somewhere. @Justin: Not really, no. Dropbox and such do quick scans of your files before you upload, but they can just route it through "the cloud." However, in order to do something similar with Space Monkey, we would have to either eat up some of the space on your device with anti-viral software, or we would have to send your unencrypted files somewhere for scanning. Neither is ideal. So, your Space Monkey relies on you for the anti-virus. (Though, it should be noted that because the files are encrypted and broken up, a "sick" Space Monkey cannot spread their virus throughout the network.) @Haitham: We don't have any dates for any of the waves, yet, beyond that we will be shipping wave C in December at the earliest. Once again, we don't expect extended delays between waves, but we don't have more concrete dates for any of the waves at this time. @Haitham: We have not, yet. Did you receive your wave e-mail? Wave C won't be shipping until December, at the earliest. So, subsequent waves will not be shipping until some time after that (though, for clarity, we aren't expecting there to be six month delays between waves or anything crazy like that). @Hector: You filled out your survey after the deadline, and thus after we did our data import for our accounts system. So, I've added your address into the accounts and you should be getting a wave assignment e-mail sometime soon! Sorry for any inconvenience, and let me know at <email> if you don't get it in a week or two or if you have any other questions. @Nick: We were already kicking around the idea of having a little tracker to trace where the ship the devices were on was, etcetc, and we'll look into that in the future. However, right now we don't really have a better answer than "we'll start shipping wave C by December at the earliest." For Wave H folks, and other international backers, we have an even foggier plan because it all depends on how long it takes us to meet your country's custom requirements. We would literally be picking a date from the air for our international backers without having more solid information, and that wouldn't be fair or useful to you guys. The good news is, we'll have an update e-mail for the international backers by the end of the month that will hopefully give you guys a little more of the information we've gathered. However, with all of that said, perhaps we'll get something like that together once we can give rough dates. For now, just know "after December," but once December rolls around maybe we'll be able to put some kind of guesstimate calendar together for everybody. I'll pitch the idea to the team. @Elias: We're currently running testing towards completing some of our international requirements, and we're hoping to have more concrete information with which to update our international buyers by the end of the month. Hey guys; wave J has not begun shipping, so it has definitely not finished shipping. :) We won't begin shipping waves C and beyond until the beginning of December at the earliest. (And Wave J, being an international wave, will be dependent on how long it takes us to meet the customs requirements of your particular country.) @Mia: Oh, sorry about any confusion! That link expires upon a change of password, so you will need to manually log in at <url>"C:\Documents and Settings\username\My Documents" would become "My Documents" in the root of the Space Monkey file tree. But which "My Documents" is that? Where did it come from? Would most users be able to remember? Of course there are a number of ways you can imagine to fix this problem, but almost all of them are worse than just simplifying the experience. Which brings us to: - Multi-folder-sync is a potential usability disaster when dealing with multiple computers. Suppose you have a "My Documents" folder on your laptop, your desktop, and your work computer. Which one is which if I select all of them for sync in Space Monkey? Should they be merged (with all the associated pitfalls and confusions that merging will introduce)? Should they be named after the computer of origin? What about if I also have a Mac, which uses a "Documents" folder. And maybe an Ubuntu laptop which also has a "Documents", but one that is likely quite different than that on Windows or OSX? Other? If you usertest each of these potential solutions, you find quickly that they add an incredible amount of cognitive weight for users to deal with. Not only do people struggle to understand it in the first place, but they have to apply that mental energy every time they use the product. File sync products have been around for decades now. Most of them have been disasters, both from a usability perspective, and from a market success perspective. The single-folder model is relatively recent. Those products that have enjoyed the greatest success employ the single-folder model. Those that have chosen the multi-folder model have generally faltered or been forgotten. This isn't to say that there aren't benefits to the multi-folder approach; there are. Multi-folder sync might make sense to people using a product like Space Monkey from a single computer, or if they wanted to use it solely as a backup system. We don't believe that is the majority of users. And, if users really want to use Space Monkey just to backup a bunch of folders in various places on their filesystem, they are welcome to point third party backup software (like Time Machine) to Space Monkey (more support for this scenario is coming). It's not impossible to think that someone could come up with a solution that makes multi-folder sync work in face of the above challenges; we just haven't seen anyone successfully crack that nut yet. We have consciously chosen to prefer simplicity over complexity whenever it makes sense to do so. At the end of the day, people don't want to use a product like Space Monkey so that they can geek out on file management. They want to use it to solve a pain that they are feeling. We believe the single-folder approach solves those pains best. But that's not to say that the matter is settled. We continue to rely heavily on user testing to help us figure out the path forward. Regarding command line support, yes you can script up actions to move files in and out of Space Monkey. This doesn't require specific support -- Space Monkey integrates with your host filesystem, so moving and copying uses the commands already present on your system. @Aron: Thank you! :) We're trying our best to be better about communication, and I'm glad to hear we're succeeding! And I'll make sure we send out updates on the CE testing and what our international customers can expect as soon as we know anything for sure about those tests, which should be by the end of this month. @Nick Martin: I responded to your initial identical comment on the most recent update, so I'll go ahead and copy my response here in case you didn't get the change to see it. I'm sorry that you are displeased and feel as though we haven't been clear. We've been trying, and I think we are succeeding, in being more transparent and in answering everyone's questions with as much truthful information as we feel we can provide without being misleading. We were originally focusing on the US market, and we did pre-qualify for the European market, so now we just need to finish the formal testing for the European and other markets. You don't need to worry about stock, though; we're going to do our best to be absolutely certain we didn't miss anything (the reason it's taking so long!) and if, in the unlikely circumstance that we do and something gets confiscated, we are confident we can get more units produced in a timely manner. In the end, we're expecting our customers to be so blown away by the end of their twelve month subscription that canceling will be out of the question. The shipping delays are something we regret, but we are working hard on the software in the mean time so that our customers get an even cooler product when it does arrive. We're holding off on complete clarity with stages in certifications at this juncture because we want to be sure of what we're dealing with and get through a few important tests, first. We would hate to give our customers information and then have to pull that information back as false because we released it prematurely, which is why we're asking for your patience and understanding until we can update you with more information later this month. @Guilherme: Please send an email to support@ with more details so we can look into doing that for you! @Y. Chung: Lima is a hard drive you plug in that then serves as the collective memory for all of your devices. Space Monkey is a hard drive you plug in that not only can do that, but also backs that data up on the network and (once fully synched to said network) allows you to access and retrieve that data, even if the Space Monkey device is offline or broken. That's simplifying things a whole lot on both sides, I'm sure, but that's one of the major differences. @Soeren and anyone else with wave questions: Currently, we are up to Wave J. I know, that's a lot of waves! But, if you're part of the latter letters (H, I, J...) then I have good news and bad news. The bad news is, you have a late letter; a much later letter than you would probably expect by when you invested. We're sorry for the sticker shock, but the reason is, you're international, and there are a lot of complications in fulfilling your order. Every country has its own requirements, its own power supply, and its own hoops to jump through to get past customs. Your late letter reflects our uncertainty in how long it will take to complete the requirements for international shipping. The good news is, if our international processing goes as quickly and as smoothly as we hope it will, we aren't going to stick too closely to wave order when we send you your devices. This means that a Wave H person could ship much earlier, potentially with Wave F or so... but it also means we could end up having to push you past Wave J if things go too poorly with your country's requirements. We will try to keep you all informed on how things are going with certifications. @Cyril: We're very sorry that we haven't been able to keep to the date advertised with your initial Kickstarter backing. I hope you got the update we sent most recently (not the wave e-mail, the one the day before) about the varuiys difficulties we've run through in manufacturing the devices and getting them out of China... and even in shipping parts from China to China! (For you international folks, we're having to go through all kinds of certifications just to ship our devices back to customers in China! They could drive to the factory where the devices were built!) This, of course, means that we're unable to get your device to your door, and we're deeply sorry that we've disappointed you. All we can do is what we've been doing, which is try to make our device as fantastic as we can, and ship it to you as soon as we're able. And, when you get it, you'll be able to brag to everyone you know about how you have the coolest new tech product there is-- which is part of the beauty of backing us on Kickstarter! Thanks @romain and @Gary! @Stephen, you will be receiving an email soon with information about updating/confirming your shipping address. We will also be revealing more detailed information about shipping schedule. @maurizio, send an email to support@ for refund questions. @Aron, yes, multiple devices are supported -- you will be able to upload and access all files on Space Monkey from any supported device (currently Windows, Mac, Linux, Android, iOS, and anything that can run recent web apps). @Guilherme, some tshirts have already gone out, but we are in process of completing all tshirt orders Regarding CE, more details soon, but rest assured we are pursuing all necessary regulatory certifications. @Y. Chung, yes, you can set autoupload on your phone for photos and videos, and can upload any other file directly from android/ios. Hi all, another KS update will be sent out soon. We are still organizing details of schedule for delivery. Thanks for your patience! Latest update went out today, all. Another with more details about delivery schedule is in the works. @Corey, yes, we will provide a place for you to update/verify your shipping address prior to fulfilling rewards. We'll be sending another update soon with additional details and schedule updates, but the last schedule update said that we'd begin delivering to Kickstarter backers by the end of August (which we *are* doing -- a small number have already received units), with the rest of the units being shipped by the end of September. This is still the case -- schedule still has these units coming off the manufacturing lines in the next couple of weeks. As stated from day #1 on our Kickstarter page, "Delivery of units to international customers depends on regulatory approvals, and may be delayed past the estimated dates listed in the Rewards section." This is still unfortunately the case. We are running as fast as we can through this process to be able to deliver units Internationally (we're as eager as anyone to get units out!), but much of the determination for dates is outside of our direct control. If there are further delays due to quality issues or other reasons, we will communicate those as soon as we know of them. Thanks everyone for backing, and especially, THANK YOU for the continuing excitement about the product and its delivery. We understand how eager you are to get it, because we feel the same eagerness in getting it to you! Hi everybody! We're still on track to begin delivering en masse by the end of September / beginning of October. This will happen in waves, with earliest backers receiving their units first. International deliveries will happen after domestic orders are filled and export/regulatory hurdles are crossed. We'll keep you posted using the Kickstarter Updates feature. @Lincoln: We do not currently have direct integration with Chromecast, but we ran a little test, and it is possible to stream videos from the web client via the Chrome browser's "casting" app. So, as long as you view the files in Chrome, you should be able to watch them on your Chromecast from Space Monkey. @Eugene email <email>. BTW, we're still considering an upfront purchase model without monthly subscription (as well as a way for backers to convert to such a plan). @Bret, we've held off on the tshirts until we could get sizes from all who ordered -- there are still some stragglers who haven't responded. We have set a deadline of 1 week for a final attempt to collect that info to get them printed and sent out. @Hunter, please see <url>#6 and #7 for updates on schedule and progress (another coming soon!) <url>"undo" feature. @Moosa, please send us a direct message via Kickstarter and we'll figure out how to take care of you. Hey all, don't worry, surveys are coming. Sorry for jumping the gun a bit on when we'd send them out. We're waiting on finishing touches to deploy an accounts system where you can update your shipping info prior to delivery later this summer -- Kickstarter only lets us send out a survey once, so we want to make sure we get it right and have everything in place prior to collecting your info. @Jordan, surveys have not gone out yet. note: you can now pre-order Space Monkey devices at <url>"device comes with service" model is best for most users. Having said that, we may find that there is a point at which it doesn't make sense for the company -- from a pure logistics standpoint -- to pay to ship an old device back when a user cancels. We haven't determined what that point is yet (3 years? 5 years?), but will discover how to optimize that with our early customers. Thanks @Tobias, your answers are right on. @Nikul, we do plan to support Time Machine (works already, but we need to test more). On replacement charges: we'd definitely like to make at least the first replacement on the house, but there may be a shipping charge. We haven't solidified our policy yet. @Corey, the web/mobile clients as they exist today provide only simple download of files for access. However, from very early on we've designed the system to provide streaming access via web, and the engineers have already internally demoed streaming of both video and audio files live via web. We hope this can be delivered in v1, but if not, soon thereafter. Automatic transcoding of media files to formats that can be streamed is also on the roadmap. @Travis, yes, we will be doing regular penetration testing and outside security audits. @Aron, @Matthew, others re: customs, we're looking into ways to reduce that official cost to as little as possible, $120 or less. We are also considering shipping these out of a fulfillment center in Europe itself, in which case (as we understand right now), the company would bear the burden of duties/customs prior to delivery. Sorry for not having more clarity on this yet, we will continue to update as we learn more. Here are a few possible KickStarter t-shirt designs: <url>"share your credentials" answer was in response to how to share a single Space Monkey device among multiple trusted users while waiting for multi-user support to be supported, not for sharing individual folders/files with other users. @Martin, the locations of the pieces are stored in a distributed key-value store which lives on the Space Monkey devices. Sensitive data stored in this key-value store is encrypted, so the only way to get valid data from any level of the system is by possessing the appropriate encryption keys. The web/mobile system does require a copy of the user keys in order to function. We are planning on giving users control over granting the web/mobile api access to these keys. @Martin Goldammer, web app works on all mobile platforms today (including access, upload, move, rename, etc). Native app for Android is maturing quickly, iOS will release next, and after that we'll consider Windows Phone. @Jason C, that's a feature that is on the roadmap and we've devoted a lot of thought about how to deliver without complicating the experience, but it won't be included in v1. For the time being, sharing account credentials among multiple users will allow the space to be shared. @Markus Comperini, internal drive model may change over time, and may even vary from device to device, but the current run of devices are using green, power-saving drives designed for always-on applications such as DVR/PVRs and video surveillance. We chose these because they run very quietly and cooly, and can withstand a lot of wear, while also delivering more than sufficient throughput for the Space Monkey architecture. @Sylvain, we're not ready to give up on the 5000 goal yet, still some things in line that might get us there (and we're only half-way through the campaign). But we'll definitely keep our eye on things and revisit later. @Mike C, as you know, it's not uncommon for Kickstarter campaigns to start off with a bang and then calm into a steady roll (look at the kicktraq for the other project you backed, for example). We're super excited about the response we're still getting, and pumped to deliver this to people. We haven't slowed down on answering questions, and we certainly haven't slowed down internally on finishing up things that need to be done prior to delivery! @Brian C. Stanford, Space Monkey generates conflict files in a manner similar to what you experience with DropBox. @Peter Legierski, some of our alpha users are already using the Linux client. It is missing UI elements like integration with file browser emblems/overlays and a taskbar status app, but much of the client software stack was actually developed on Linux first. Current plan is to make it available to customers on an un- or semi-supported basis initially, until we can make it mature enough for full support. Hi @Calvin Moon, Space Monkey's goal is to make it very easy to share pictures and videos with your family. The interface does work much like Dropbox, but *does not* require a full sync of all data to your client -- as you realize, that simply doesn't work when we're talking about 100s of GB or 1TB of data. Instead, files exist in the Space Monkey network and a virtual filesystem layer provides you access to them from anywhere, without the files necessarily needing to be synced to your laptop's SSD. @Thomas Nguyen, 1TB. Sorry, that was left out of the description and we can't edit the reward-level description after it's gone live. We did add it to the FAQ, however. @George Young, while file reads can happen from the network while your device is offline, currently writes only flush to the network via your device. So writes that clients do while the device is offline get queued up at the source until it comes back online (this is both to align user incentives with system incentives in keeping the devices online, as well as to initially simplify the implementation). A "portable client" is an interesting idea, though it presents some serious challenges, including that each desktop client aggressively caches data to improve performance. However, the web interface does currently support easy multiple file upload via simple drag and drop or multi-select. Hi @Connor B, We've designed the system to be massively resilient to the scenario you describe, keeping your data safe even in the face of many simultaneous failures. The redundancy we talk about uses a technique called erasure coding. It is much more efficient than simply replicating data. As an example, a file may be split up into 20 pieces, and another 20 pieces of parity generated from the original 20, giving us 40 pieces total. Each of these can be stored to a distinct location such that we could lose any *half* of those locations without losing any of the original data. Hi @Philip-Arther Campbell 1 & 2) currently each account will always talk to its home node first for writes. This may change in the future. 3) yes, this will be supported sometime after launch 4) sharing an account is okay 5) super spacey @Eugene, the device is in charge of energy management of the disk, and does have spin-down capability. It isn't likely it will spend much time in spun-down state, however, since each device is actively participating in the network much of the time. For info on energy usage, see the FAQ @Niko, there will be an upgrade path for more space later, and at a minimum, yes, you'll get a second device (we have some alternate upgrade paths that may not require a new device, but we are still evaluating their feasibility). It will be at the same rate as the first TB. @Markus, the purchase-outright option comes with a 3-yr subscription, after which you would need to renew. At this point, seems likely that in 3 years, $10/month would get you either more space, or the monthly for 1TB would be cheaper. @Markus, yes, the device comes with extra capacity, but you only get to use 1TB of the space. The rest is devoted to the network. @Argon, we've already sunk millions into product development, and we will sink millions more into support, fulfillment, operations, continuing development, etc to keep the service running. We've modeled this out with a certain expected average lifetime of devices and tried our best to model the business so that it is a) a great deal for consumers (feel free to comparison shop for 1TB of online storage) and b) viable long-term as a business (if the business' financial model didn't work, it would be an even worse deal for it's customers, right?). @Niko, it is unlikely you would be able to read data off of the drive if you take it out and attach it to your computer. The Space Monkey filesystem is implemented on top of the system filesystem in a way that would make this difficult, even if the data were not encrypted. @Todd, in that case, there is nothing wrong with starting out with the 1TB offering and planning on an upgrade later when you need it. @Davor Martinovic, desktop clients expose a regular filesystem view of Space Monkey, so all file managers should work. We don't have any filesystem emblems on Linux yet for particular managers (as we do on Mac/Win), and may not do specific integrations like that until after initial release. @Richard D. Menz, we'd love to make a multi-pack reward level, but Kickstarter rules don't allow it. @Richard D. Menz, that's a great idea, we'll look into what special things we'd need to do to get in Ouya's app ecosystem (but right, technically, both the Android app and the web app should work there already). We have always planned to expose DLNA, SMB, and AFP services from the device for products/systems like XBMC. If we don't get this working well by initial release, we plan to get it in soon thereafter. @Moosa, yes, it will be possible to interact with your device locally even if Internet is down (there are some items we have to complete to make sure this always works, but that is the plan). @Omar Stradella, yes it would be possible to interact solely with the device in your home, but by interacting with the network at large instead, we can do things like provide access to your files even if your device goes offline. But that's a good point, and maybe something we can consider as an option. @Moosa, great question. You already hit the main answers: faster, more secure, more durable, greener for the environment. Here's some more info on the "faster" aspect: "Unlimited" and "Infinite" backup/storage services have been around for almost 6 years. The main problem people complain to us about is that if you really do have a lot of data, it's nearly impossible to get it all uploaded to these services. Some of them implement constriction of your uploads after they get to a certain size. All of them cap how fast you can upload (if not via software restrictions, then via the natural constraint of bandwidth resources going into their datacenters). If you google any of these service names with the word "slow," you'll get lots of info on the problem people are running into. The reason these services are this way is simple economics. You can't build datacenters so cheaply that you can store 1TB of data for a user for less than about $600/year. If the service you are thinking of using is charging you less than that for that much space in a datacenter, you can be pretty sure there's a catch. The most common catch is: they'll tolerate you as a user as long as you only store a small amount of data, but once you start pushing lots you'll find all sorts of "encouragements" to stop using the service, including slower performance. @Rod O'Leary, this is somewhat hard to predict as the time to get all the necessary regulatory approvals are outside of our control, but we don't expect major delays on our end (testing on our side is on schedule). First units to the EU could ship within a couple of weeks of the first US units, or it could be longer. We will continue to communicate where we are with this throughout the campaign and afterwards. If a potential delay is a major concern for you, there are two options: 1) wait to pledge until things become clearer, or 2) back now and cancel your pledge later if we aren't progressing to your satisfaction. Hope that helps! @Joshua Jeeson Daniel, you can take what @the paul says about a future API as fully endorsed by the company. As for future plans, while we are laser-focused on the product we are creating for consumers right now, Space Monkey does have a long term vision that goes beyond this initial offering. In a lot of ways, we think the type of technology we are building has a real chance at changing how the world stores data, forever -- and not just consumer data, but all sorts of data that is currently housed in datacenters: commercial video streaming content, big data analytics content, web content, content distribution, etc. What Amazon and a few other players did when they first started creating cloud services a few years ago changed the technology landscape. We think this is about to happen again, by moving the data closer to the edge of the network where it is ultimately consumed, and we believe Space Monkey can be right in the middle of it. An eventual public developer API fits in well with these plans. @Markus Comperini, the pricing is $10/month for each 1TB of space after your initial built-in subscription that comes with the reward level. There are many competing services in this space, including some which require you to run your own servers to provide similar functionality, some of which are aimed at enterprises etc. Some which will provide you with a small amount of storage for free. If you only have 5-10GB of storage needs, some of these free alternatives might be just right for you. We are a consumer offering, laser-focused on providing a lot of fast storage very cheaply, with a very nice user experience, without the complication of feature sets needed by enterprises. Some of the areas where we think we are better than competing products: - We're not just backup. We're primary storage with built-in geographically diverse backup. - We do sharing - We integrate with your filesystem. No strange apps to access/upload/download your files. - 1TB for $10/month. - We're 12x-60x faster than traditional cloud for upload and local access. - You can acces your 1TB of data as if it were local without eating up 1TB of space on your local machine (most other sync products require you to have a full copy locally, which is especially challenging for laptops, and a key reason most of those offerings only go to 100-200GB for their largest plans). - We're built for consumers, not corporate IT departments. Having used our own product internally for some time now, we're pretty confident about our offering. We'd encourage you to try out any of the competitors you mention (especially if they have a free plan), and then compare the experience and value to what you'll get with Space Monkey re: location of keys (@Mr. Atoz, @Travis Hoyt, et al): primary copy of keys live on the device in your possession, but a copy of those credentials is also needed to provide web app and mobile access. We've had some interesting discussions about how to minimize both our own access to these credentials internally (we have no business interest in possessing them other than to make the user experience nice, and there are a number of liabilities we take on by having access). So, here are a couple of options we're considering: 1) make web app / mobile access optional (keys would only exist on device in your possession), 2) create a reversible self-destruct button (you can download your keys then delete them both globally and from your device, rendering everything locked and unreadable until you re-upload the keys), 3) instruct users who are concerned about any of this to encrypt sensitive data prior to storing in Space Monkey. #1 is probably not the right solution for most users, #2 could be provided to users and users could be notified with enough time to engage, generally, when outside requests were received by the company, #3 is just standard advice for the true security paranoid using *any* cloud service. We're interested in feedback on this topic. re: t-shirts for early-birds, yes, add $10 to your pledge level (on top of the $10 you already added for international shipping, if that applies) and we'll get you a tshirt. @Adam Westwell and @Todd, it looks like creating junctions into Space Monkey works from those directories, but we'll need to do more testing to see if that would work with WHS' backup service. @Marcus Stoll, there will be web links for sharing with people at large. For sharing with other Space Monkey users, seamless shared folders and files within the filesystem will be supported. @Robert Mohid, files expand about 2x during network upload, so your 100MB will consume a little over 200MB of your cap. We have contemplated upload-assist services (which would bump that down to 1x) to help in constrained situations, but that's a feature that isn't on the roadmap yet. We try to know as little about your data as possible, so as not to carry the burden of having to police usage all the time. We have also consulted with Google's Privacy Team (including experts from PGP) on legal and procedural things we can do to protect users when law enforcement comes knocking -- having Google Ventures as an investor has it's advantages. This is always a balance between preserving your rights and not helping the bad guys. We will always err on the side of protecting your privacy and security -- our business depends on it. @Eugene, right, in Space Monkey, users all cooperate to create better performance than is possible otherwise, so you are right: the more participants, the merrier. Also keep in mind that we have designed the storage layer with resilience to many individual nodes performing slowly or going offline, so that we can just skip those and still get all the data from other participants. One more thing we haven't spoken much about in this forum: there are some things we can do that ISPs will like that traditional cloud providers cannot do. The reason ISPs cap data is that it costs them money when they transit off of their own networks and onto internet backbones, so when you are downloading/uploading to datacenters, that costs them real money. But data transfers that stay on their own networks are essentially free (they paid for them when they laid the cables/fibers to your neighborhood), so there is very little real cost incurred when, for example, you are transferring data next door (assuming you are both on the same ISP). Long term, Space Monkey could take advantage of this, grouping Comcast users together, or Verizon users together, etc., giving the ISPs not only reason to not restrict bandwidth for our apps, but to prefer solutions like ours over datacenter-centric ones. @Todd, dropping files in from the coffee shop tries first to write to your home device in both cases, then to the network. @Eugene, thanks for the question and answer summary. @Peter Legierski, we chose not to include wifi because for most people, their wifi routers are significantly slower than their wired connections, and so choosing that option would degrade the experience. However, it could be supported fairly easily with a usb wifi dongle. We may provide instructions for enabling if this proves to be something a lot of you guys really want. Initial sync happens in two phases: 1) client->device and 2) device->network. Phase 1 is visible to the user and fast, phase 2 is slower and less user-visible. As soon as Phase 1 completes, all normal Space Monkey functionality is enabled. E.g., it may take a few seconds to push a video file to Space Monkey, after which other clients will be able to access it and the content become sharable. The durable network copy then happens in the background, and may take several minutes, but users shouldn't worry about waiting for it to happen. (answer to @Todd, 1 & 1a). @Sylvain, answers will depend largely on how much you use your Space Monkey, how you adjust your throttling, and partly on how others use the network. We have users constrained by less than 1Mbps upload in our test network, and naturally it does take longer for the network copy to be made for those users, but eventually, the data does get out. Note that any problems you encounter with your ISPs caps and bandwidth in Space Monkey would also be problems you'd hit with any other cloud service. @Maikel, we are still considering answers to those questions. Most likely path right now is that company pays for return shipment when you cancel or, at its option (maybe because subscription was longterm, or hw has been upgraded, etc) lets you keep it. These decisions will be based on economics and viability. We'll keep you posted. @Connor, devices have gigabit ethernet. We're at the stage in software development where we're spending significant time focusing on performance improvement, and there is still work to do here. We've clocked already at 12x-15x faster than most cloud services, but based on some raw performance testing, expect to be able to boost that to 30-60x by release or shortly thereafter. @Kevin Hsu, yes, streaming will be supported. Internally, desktop clients already do this if the data is not cached locally. The current version of the web app only supports direct file upload/download, but our awesome engineers already have internal demos of streaming for both video and audio via browser as well. @Mark Keller, 1) yes, we monitor SMART, as well as a ton of other internal metrics, 2) and 3) yes, data is encrypted, but to provide local access via other protocols (SMB, AFP, DLNA, etc) the device needs to be able to provide unencrypted access. We will provide a way to 'wipe' data prior to return. 4) that's a great idea, we will look into building that into the service agreement. @John Garner, we don't use global convergent encryption because it has serious privacy and security issues. In Space Monkey, if two users upload the exact same content, they will have distinct copies in the system of that content. We do, however, use some deduplication within a single user account to avoid uploading the same content multiple times. All filenames and filesystem metadata is encrypted at the source, so no one else in the system has access to that. Keep in mind, though, that accessing your data via the web app requires that you authorize our web services to decrypt that content for you (giving that system access to your keys). re: two-factor authentication, this feature is on the roadmap. @Antonio Rus, yes, multiple clients will sync individually to the Space Monkey device; you'll see the same filesystem across devices. @Maikel Lodewijk, most USB ports can't provide enough power. When you quit, you have to return the device or pay for it (unless you've already purchased it). @Aron Rotteveel, yes, we have an Android client that does autoupload in internal test right now, and plan to have an iOS version ready soon too. @Khrt L. Williams: - data is distributed across multiple geographies, specifically to withstand issues like we saw with Sandy. - data is protected via cryptographic primitives, not physical possession of the encrypted data. Ultimately, this is true of all cloud services. - ownership of data is tied to cryptographic primitives as well, hijacking of your data requires much more effort than simply hosting one of many small encrypted pieces of a specific file. - relying on cryptography and math is a safer proposition than relying on the policies of a corporate entity run by ordinary people, and a much safer proposition than relying on limiting physical access to encrypted data. Traditional cloud providers run into trouble over and over again because they rely on the latter instead of the former. - refund is for the service -- you don't pay for the device so there is no refund for cost of the device. @John Garner: - we use both software and hardware encryption (hardware encryption engine doesn't support all the crypto we need, but it does help) - we plan to support all common plug types for EU, are still navigating certifications and power supplies (no expected roadbumps since power supply is external to the unit) - we like BTTF too, should be doable - doubling pledge should work for getting two. We want to make sure we aren't in violation of Kickstarter rules here, though, so let us get back to you (you can always adjust pledge level later) - there will be an upgrade path for larger capacity later. At minimum, you can combine multiple devices for higher capacity (we may offer simpler upgrade paths too, undecided yet on those). - also, 'the paul' knows his stuff. Yes, all data is accessible even if home device is offline. Note that we still have some software work to do here prior to delivery to make this smooth, but the system has been designed to insure that all your data is accessible even in this case. regarding multi-packs, we tried but had to remove those rewards before Kickstarter would approve us. We'll figure something out for you after the Kickstarter campaign ends -- agree that being able to get two or more at a time is a great thing. @Victor Mateevitsi, system uses erasure codes, can survive lose of half of those locations without losing any of the data. To retrieve the file from the network, only need half of those as well, so if some are slow no big deal, system moves on to the next. System is constantly monitoring for missing chunks and replacing them (self-healing). Platinum subscription comes with a device that is yours to keep, and service lasts for as long as the device does. @Eugene, 1) we don't currently transcode your media into other formats for playback, but plan to add that optional functionality soon and will make sure we communicate supported codecs. 2) device comes with excess storage for the network. 3) answered below. 4) we expect SMB/AFP/DLNA support to be in v1 when it ships, but it is not complete yet (we'll keep updating on status). It will move up in priority if you all tell us it needs to -- appreciate the feedback. re: datacaps (@Justin Gilbert and @Eugene), we will provide some knobs for controlling bandwidth in both directions. We still have some work to do to really understand real-life usage patterns for things like network reads, but we don't expect this will be a problem for you -- the network copy happens best-effort and in the background, so other devices that want to store to yours don't have to blast this all in as fast as they can. @John, just to clarify, we're still navigating how to provide similar functionality on Windows. On both OSX and Linux, symlinks from inside Space Monkey out to other directories works today. @John, yes, that is correct. @Daniel Gutierrez, yes, streaming music out of Space Monkey works well today, including via iTunes. @Monsur Hossain, yes, one full copy of all your data is cached on the device, and files are also cached locally on your desktop/laptop client -- temporarily while you access them, permanently if you 'pin' them. @Mike C, it's cool, Space Monkey is not for everyone. Maybe it's not for you. This isn't our first rodeo. We come from the traditional cloud, which also has upfront capital costs in the form of building out datacenters. It's because of the costs there that we took this approach, which is vastly more affordable than the DC. We understand the economics, and we're confident in the model, and that the prices will actually go down over time, not up. Cheers! re: linking (@John), in order to make this work, you'll need to move your folders into the Space Monkey folder, then link them from outside Space Monkey (we have users currently enjoying this feature, it works). @CK, yes, you'll be able to set up automatic recurring payments, or renew manually. Your choice. @Joshua Jeeson Daniel, you can actually just tell Dropbox to use a folder inside of Space Monkey, and then those files will live in both services. No plugin required. Regarding EU power supply (@Maikel Lodewijk, @Aron Rotteveel, et al): we are planning on providing different power supply for outside of the US. Please remember that international configuration/certifications/approvals are behind US domestic, but we'll get this figured out as quickly as we can and communicate where we are at with international shipments often. @Mark Fuccio, @Justin, @Mike C re: company financing, please note that we are currently requiring new users to pay for 1 year of service up front (that's how all the Kickstarter Rewards work), so even if all the users simply sign up and then abscond across the border with the devices and cancel their credit cards, we're covered. As Justin points out, over the expected lifetime of the device, profit margins are very healthy. There are a number of financing vehicles a company like ours can use to handle the upfront capital demands, including both traditional venture financing and venture debt (we are currently using both). This really looks no different than any other hardware company; funds are required to produce inventory before it is sold. It's not a problem. If users cancel before their pre-paid period ends (the first year), we refund the difference once the device is returned. @Justin: MAC address is currently tracked and associated with your account info, I'll add it to the roadmap to make it visible from your account logon. We may also have some work to do here on first-run experience -- home routers normally just assign it an IP address and then the client software can find the device and associate it with a user. @Steven Draper: "unlimited" and "infinite" cloud storage services have been around since 2006. Unfortunately, they almost always suffer from two problems: 1) slow, and 2) not really unlimited. I won't speak to pogoplug's offering specifically, but the economics of datacenter-based cloud storage are fairly straight-forward: if you are storing 1TB but only paying $5/month, you are costing that service roughly $600/year in ongoing operational costs. That's not a sustainable model, and most providers try all sorts of tricks to keep their users from actually using as much as they promise -- most commonly by making uploads slow. One of the best known unlimited backup services, for instance, throttles upload speeds so that it would take almost 3 years to push 1TB of data to its servers. In the case of Glacier, they actually power down the servers that house your data to save money, only spinning them back up on set service schedules (that's why it might take 5+ hours to access a single file). That's fine for archival backup, but it doesn't work for always-on access to your data. For more info on datacenter economics, see <url>#: SmartDrive Account #: None Provided Order #: None Provided Purchase Price: 0.0000 Payment: None Provided None Provided Disputed Amount: 0.0000 All, I submitted a complaint to the better business bureau about this. I check my email obsessively and I never received any notification from Vivint that they were discontinuing SmartDrive and deleting our data. I have heard from some of you that you also didn't get any notification. May be if enough of us complain to the BBB they can help us re-activate the system long enough to get out data back. Not sure. You need to file complaint here: www.utah.bbb.org All. I lost everything on my SpaceMonkey as well. Vivint claimed to have sent out a warning that they would no longer support the device but I received no such email. I would like to see how many of us are in the same boat and get a group together to see if we can fight for some kind of compensation. I lost all my daughters baby pictures and a lot of important information. Please email me directly at nzeimer+<email> if you would like to have an offline conversation about organizing as a community to either get the data off of our devices together or finding another way to rectify this situation. Thanks for the link, the info there doesn't help at all though... And I have reached out to Vivint but they claim they cannot do anything for me. You might take a look here and see if this helps you, otherwise you will probably need to reach out to Vivint directly <url> I see my files but I cannot copy them somewhere else...? If the recent shutdown / EOL means that I lose access to my local files then it would be a DESASTER. I have got a whole lot of photos on there that are invaluable (wedding, holidays, ...) and I am just freaking out here. Can anybody tell me how I can move the files from SpaceMonkey to another HDD? PLEASE help me rescue my data... Thanks & regards, Henning Did you succeed? I am facing the same issue, cannot access my data any more and I am facing losing all my old photos  wedding and holiday stuff, that's the worst that could possibly happen... Does ANYONE know of any tools I can use to get my files off of my old space monkey drive. Everything was working perfectly up until today but suddenly the drive is no longer accessible from the desktop app and the online drive says it can't connect. I can still ping the local drive here at home and for all intents and purposes it seems like its online. I have a slow blinking blue light on the front of it and I can ping it just fine from my desktop. Any help to get my content off of this thing would be GREATLY appreciated as its all my music and video from the past few years. Can I just yank the HDD out and hook it up to a hard drive reader? Not sure how its formatted... Hi Mark, You mentioned that Blazej responded and sent links so that we could use the system for other purposes - could you share those links please? Agreed Hector. At least Blazej responded and he sent links so we could use our system for other purposes. I know, I know. I got burned on those too, but at least Sherlybox was open so that you could re-use it for something else. I guess the safest thing for us is to just get a regular NAS with RAID and replicate over a VPN and call it a day. Interesting Hector. With having been stung thrice with Space Monkey, Sherlybox and Lima failed projects, I am reluctant to support another project that will be acquired by a larger company who will trash the product in some way. Keeps companies like Dropbox in business where your data is not really your data. Space Monkey... ahhh how it disappointed us all in the long run. I wonder what happened to all those overseas people and the 2TB crowd, did they ever get their units? And what do we do with our units now? So interestingly enough... on the heels of the shutdown of Space Monkey's distributed storage, comes a new kid on the block from Italy. <url>~25-100 kbps. It's absolutely crappy and unusable. Can't even stream music off it anymore. Not to mention movies or anything else. It took 1 year to sync all my files to the network and I just wonder whether it would take the same amount of time to recover files in case of a crash - or if recovery is even possible. In either case, can you guys give us an update on where our ownership status stands now regarding the device itself; and what's the best/fastest way to wipe the device as well as return it. Thanks! Got the 1TBdevice - promised a lot and in theory was a fantastic product - the software is buggy and and you can't physically connect to get files off it so for a large amount of files you are forced to connect via wifi. Have managed to lose thousands of treasured photos and videos because of the crappy software. Don't bother with this - in theory a great device - in practice an absolute nightmare - if you want to lose files - make sure you pick of of these up. "However, with a new "real" parent company, those product innovations will likely not be coming through the Kickstarter channel, but rather as more of a "Here's a new, fully formed product, that you can order today and receive in a week!" kind of announcement. Or, so I assume, we may announce a month or so prior that it will be available in a few months, but we don't plan on having products be crowd-funded in the future. Not because you guys haven't been patient and wonderful, but we'd rather just have a more instant gratification for future products. :)" The above sounds a lot like you are working on a new product while leaving us Kickstarter backers hanging with a prototype. It sure feels that way, anyway. I agree with the latest posters, don't get this product. They claim to be in beta but it's more like alpha. Overall everything is just slow. On one computer the sync is not properly working. FTP service is so slow that it times out when listing directories. The SMB service is insanely slow, if working at all Space is filling up on the webpage which means you cannot upload anything there. I agree with Aron Rotteveel's suggestion, do not get a Space Monkey. I'm a 2TB level backer and I still do not have the device. Initially (Feb 2014) they sent me the wrong device and said they found a few bugs related to the 2TB they wanted to fix before sending those units out. September 2014 rolls around and I haven't heard back so I email the support team again. I get this email reply: "We're actually starting to get the shipping of the 2TB's going right now! I'll have you put on the list to get your return shipping label for that 1TB device in the next batch, so we can send your 2TB out." The 1TB device gets sent back in October 2014 (a combination of getting sent an expired shipping label and me being out of town for 2 weeks). It doesn't take too long as I live in Utah. I get this email a few days later: "I just wanted to let you know that we received your device today and you're ready to have the correct device swapped. We're actually currently shipping our inventory from the third-party warehouse we had been using for shipping to our new location, so it will be a few days or even a couple of weeks before we can ship the correct device to you, but we'll get it out asap as soon as we're able to. Sorry for the delay, but it should be on its way soon!" January 2015 comes around and I still have not heard back from the team or received my device. I send an email to support... no response. I wait another week and send a follow up email... still no response. I send a tweet to their twitter account and get this response: "@Ktdata support just looked at ticket, was misclassified with a few others. So sorry, will fix. Thx for letting us know!" (Tweet can be seen here: <url>"securely backed up" and reachable if your device goes offline. Well, my device is offline and I cannot reach a single file. The OSX client shows stale folders with empty files and the web client shows an infinite spinner. At this moment, I have 250GB of data that I cannot access through SpaceMonkey. I still believe that, in theory, SpaceMonkey is awesome. I really hope they can step up, but so far it seems things are only getting worse, especially communication-wise. I would not trust them with my data at this moment. <url>"fix" the issue with playing. Will see what happens to the files that are FUBAR. My PC is running Windows 7 Pro, so not sure how Pinning an item would change any functionality. I'd assume that once you finish adding DNLA support that these issues should become moot. After the failure of the SM to stream audio, I decided to copy all the music back onto a local Hard Drive and am not getting an error message from a select couple of folders that Windows "cannot read from the source file or disk". Fortunately that means I only lost 3-4 albums of music on transfer, but doesn't do much to inspire my faith in your product when loss of data occurred. Up until now I really haven't used my SM device as anything more than a little used NAS. Now that I decided to use it as the primary device for streaming music, it seriously appears to under perform. The music software I'm using is the Clementine Music Player, and only across my LAN. Sad =/ <url>"The Space Monkey team is excited to announce that the company has been acquired by Vivint, Inc." Not at all sure what this means for us backers. +1, especially for DLNA/SMB support : "Can we *please* have a solid progress update? There has been no word for several months now." Alen, are you still there ? Thanks in advance. Can we *please* have a solid progress update? There has been no word for several months now. Sorry.. 200-300kbit (not byte) download, and 3Mbit upload.. @Nick Martin You can throttle the restrict the available bandwidth for Spacemonkey in the desktop app. The average download I see is only around 200-300KB, upload maxes out at an average of 3Mbit for me. So maybe you can use those numbers as a start. I cannot have my SM turned on during the day when there are a couple of laptops & iDevices being used as it takes up so much bandwidth. It's crazy if it's on you can't even send an email! And as for that Update which contained your new terms of service - I'd sooner sell my soul to the devil than agree to all of your 'demands!' I'm still awaiting the offer that you were going to propose to all the international Backers that could not agree to purchase the SM outright due to the incredible delay?! Answers please. Dear sir, have all the rewards been shipped? I live in Taiwan, and still have not received my unit... Can you please help? Thanks Manuel, I understand the issue, but that doesn't make me happy with it. When this was launched/pitched, SM should have stated that this would be incredibly slow with iPhoto. I was never aware this would be an issue as my other drives and NAS disks were clear of issues. This was pitched for a great way to back up photos. I've yet to even transfer my photos to the device because I can't leave my Mac on for weeks without issue to do the transfer. This was supposed to be plug and play. To those of you looking to have iPhoto libraries on your Space Monkey, have you considered putting your library on a disk image, and then putting that disk image onto the Space Monkey? I do this just for plain backup, but I'll try reading a library off of it and will let you know how it goes for speed. If you use a disk image type of "sparse bundle", the disk image only takes up as much space as is stored on it, and it expands automatically. Plus, instead of one large file, it's split up seamlessly by the OS into 8MB chunks, making it much more friendly for backup systems. I also use iPhoto Library Manager (<url>#16 said UK and European backers could expect theirs in mid June. Its almost August. Could you update on the status and deliver mine, please? Hi SM, I am still awaiting my device and that has been over a year now. I one of international backers located in Thailand, this is little frustrating and please provide an update. Nigel I have to add a thing to Soerens list: 4) There is not the speed/performance that was promised. "10x the speed of other cloud services" - Sorry, but any cloud service is currently faster than the monkey. The iPhone app for example takes 30 seconds to load a 2 MB picture (LAN). @creator As an international backer I finally received the Monkey a couple of weeks ago. I am not sure what to think about the product though. 1) There is nowhere I can see when my account expires/renews or even when it was activated. 2) There is no multi-user support (yet) as promised. This is a big issue to me. 3) There is no SMB/CIFS and DLNA support (yet) as promised. The last official update was three months ago - combined with the above mentioned points I am not sure whether to trust Space Monkey enough to start transitioning all of my files from various cloud storage solutions. Right now it serves solely as a backup media. Could you provide us with some peace of mind? Is the company solid, how many Monkeys are in the system, are they operating as expected, what is your roadmap feature wise? I realize this is still early days, but when the only public communication we see as of late is regarding refunds, you tend to worry a little. ;) May I request a refund for mine as well? I see you offered one to Matthew Searle. I bought mine to store my iPhoto library on it. It is impossible. Every time I've tried the Finder crashes or the SM crashes. It gives me an ETA of 22 days! The device was touted as a great place to store and backup photos. So far it hasn't been able to work for me. Great for those it is working for and I hope the best for SM, but I'd like to return mine. hi, what about italy shipment? tnx! Are you planning to ship to Asia soon? Full refund received - I'm out of here. Good luck the rest of you :) @matthew searle, I got the alpha Linux client for ubuntu working fine. There's no graphical interface but the device mounts so I could use it like any regular drive and command line output tells me everything I need to know. Not the most polished but it works. What was your issue? A warning to anyone who wants a refund because the device doesn't meet the specifications detailed on here - Space Monkey will NOT refund the whole amount of your pledge. After delay after delay after delay, my device arrived and can't be used because there is no working Linux client. I was told if I wanted to return it, I could, so I did. Imagine the surprise when having shipped a device which was useless and a year late, I got a partial refund because they had shipped the non-working device to me!! Mine has gone back :-( Without a working Linux client, it's sadly no good to me. Just waiting on the refund now... I finally received my Space Monkey. In January you sent me a mail with proposal to upgrade. @ As an International backer, we understand that you may not yet have your reward fulfilled, so we'd also like to let you know that we will be offering another upgrade path in the future just for you,@ Any news on that? Quick feedback on my first week with the monkey: 1. Packaging is amazing! Thanks for that. 2. Setup was simple and fast (but it did take 3 tries and 1 restart of the OSX app for the provisioning to start). In the end, it didn't take more than 5 minutes for the entire process, which is great! 3. Started backing up with about 10GB free space on my MBP Retina. I first tried dragging an entire subfolder with pictures ~ 130 GB, this didn't work. So then I stopped and started in 10 GB chunks until I managed to free up some space on the laptop. Now I'm at around 20 GB free space and moving 20 GB chunks of data at a time and then giving it some time to breath and upload from cache. 4. Uploading from is still kind of slow considering I am running a Gb LAN to the monkey and a 300 Mbit connection to my laptop through an Apple Airport wifi. 5. What I've noticed is that I simply cannot copy chunks of data larger than the available space on my laptop. When the SM tells me it's slowing down things a bit and copying directly to the device, I immediately get an error message from Finder telling me that files cannot be copied and the operation is stopped. This is bad, because now I have to babysit the SM and move all 20-30GB chunks of my data one-by-one. Would be nice if a fix was on the way. 6. On the web interface, please please please solve the sorting issues and either sort alphabetically by default or at least make the interface remember the options we set during a session so I don't have to re-sort every time I access it. 7. iOS app seems to be working well, camera uploads finished in about 2-3 days and still working. 8. All-in-all, after a week of TLC with the SM, I managed to upload 390 GB to the device and out of this data, roughly 70 GB is backed up to the network. 9. I have a 100/20 Mbps connection with no traffic limits at home so it could for sure take more loads on the backup side. Please make it a bit faster if possible :) Thanks! Oh, and bonus question, I'm trying to migrate my iTunes library over to SM, is there a painless way of doing this? (Music files already copied to the device) after a week of circling inside a warehouse here in helsinki, mine was delivered today - device is lovely, packaging is great. setup was a little bit awkward, it took 5-10minutes to connect to my laptop to the device despite seeing it straight away - only connected when i opened the ios app, but now all is fine and the camera upload is working - will upload from laptop in due course. Steven they will reimburse u. See a couple of posts below. And I love my monkey since day one !!! I use it now since 7 month almost and bought 2 more for friends ! Finally received my Space Monkey today! NOT pleased at all that I had to pay again, $40, to be able to pick it up (COD). After all the price increases for this thing already, having to pay yet again was a fun surprise. This device better be worth it. Hi Space Monkeys, a few months ago you told us there will be another "special offer" for international backers on buying the device / extending service by few months, etc. Will you make the offer known to us in the near future? Also, you used to send us updates on how the different features were progressing, I would really like to know how you're doing with implementing DLNA for example (highly appreciated feature) Thanks! I just got my space monkey and have run the setup procedure which was easy and quick. It updated its firmware and made itself comfortable in my network. The devive looks nice, btw. But as it's placed inside a network box in the basement, i don't really care. After the initialization, I added some files to the device (4 GB of files < 100kb). The transfer speed in the local network was ok, 4 to 6 MB/sec. But the time it takes to push these files to the internet is really annoying. My router shows a continuous 3 MBit upload (which is max) for the last 10 hours and there is still 1,5 GB to upload... If I give my photos to the monkey, I think it will take months to finish. Also, there is no indication what files are already uploaded. The windows client only shows the indicator for "copied to the monkey" files. My iPhone also wanted to talk to the monkey, so I installed the app. I noticed that during upload by the pc, the app does not get any folder or filelist from the device. After the upload had finished, the list was able to load - but also not at the speed I expected... The last thing I want to mention is the missing SMB access. Your iPhone app lacks several features that are important to me (e.g. searching) that could in the meantime be done by other apps I have. But this only works if there is a protocol like SMB or WebDAV. After all the feedback I have to say I love my space monkey. Keep up the good work - I will go staring at the blue light now... Right now it is flashing blue, about 37 beats per minute but still the device is inaccessible through the web or through the iOS app. Something is wrong with my Space Monkey. Right now it is inaccessible, even after a restart of the device. The blue led is flashing but not slow as normal, but a faster pace (twice as fast?). The data is accessible through windows explorer as a normal drive, but noth through the web. When I go in offline mode on the web though, it constantly tries to reach my spacemonkey on every click on a folder which means I have to wait for about 20 seconds to go to the next folder, and I can hardly find a single file. Even though a couple of gigs have been uploaded to the cloud, I cannot find a lot of files even though they have the rocket icon... Since the web address says beta.spacemonkey.com I hope this experience will be improved! I finally received my SpaceMonkey yesterday (yeah!) After plugging it in I noticed there is no way I can't use it through SMB or DLNA. Also I am missing multi-accounts per device, as I would really like to share the SpaceMonkey in my household, without having to give full access to everyone. According to you latest update (from the 23the of April), these features would be available soon. Can you please elaborate or post an update. Thank you for the speedy response and solution. I was expecting to pay normal customs charges but it was close to double what I was expecting because of the declared value. I apologize for the tone of my comment, but as I mentioned I've had an awful week and this was just the cherry on top. Why the hell did you put a declared value of $215 on something I paid $130 for? I just had to pay $40 in customs charges. Extremely pissed off. Especially since in the ages since this product was on kickstarter I've signed up for a 1tb cloud package for $25 for a year from MediaFire. I don't know if I'll even bother setting it up. I was already having a shitty week, so thanks for adding to my misery. SO PISSED OFF. Received mine in the UK, got problems setting it up - its been Updating for 25 HOURS! And so I've contacted support. Anyway, the question or point I would like to raise is what are you going to offer us, in respect of purchasing it, buy longer contracts up front etc. - in the same as you did for North American Backers in January? You said there would be a 'special deal for international backers' too, I assume, to show as a goodwill gesture after having the Early Birds that ended up getting their Rewards a year behind schedule & six months later than our North American friends. I look forward to hearing from you. @Gijs looks like I'm getting about 7 Gb/day but seems to be slowing down. Mine are a mixture of a few large files and lots of photos. Maybe I was getting a good speed because it was backing up the large files but is now slowing down for the photos? @Chu Hoang : what kind of speeds do you get backing up to the cloud? I am only getting about 3.4 GB/day Managed to get my EU space monkey setup yesterday after some initial setup teething problems. Everything seems to be working well, backup is going much faster then I anticipated after reading other people's comments. So far, very pleased and well worth the wait. Got mine in Australia this morning. Setup was easy but the device keeps on going offline. My internet connection however is stable. Received mine in Singapore today! Will set it up and send feedback got mine today (singapore). setting up was a breeze except i got to set the ip of the space monkey to static so i can set port forwarding to 8080. oh and windows kinda suck for limiting the overlay icons to just 15. tsk. but still, thank you for delivering, space monkey! just figured out that in the past 21 hours, the amount that needs to be backed up has decreased from 485.7 to 482.3 GB. that's only about 160MB/hour. Why is this so low? my upload speed is 8.7MBit/s. At the current pace it will take about 4 months before all data is backed up Received mine the 11th of June (Netherlands) and things seem to be working well. Setting it up is as easy as plugging it into your network and installing/logging in. What I cannot find is status info for the files that are on the drive wether they are fully backed up to the network. If I log in to beta.spacemonkey.com, all I see is two blue rotating arrows and "backing up 485 GB (approx)" But no clue about how far this process is. Since I bought this as a backupdrive rather than network storage, I am looking for good software for automatic backup. Right now I am testing Genius Timeline, but if someone has other suggestions, that would be welcome. Can't seem to upload folders to the web version - using firefox on windows or a mac. Says: UPLOAD FAILED. I'm in the UK - received and connected - camera uploads OK from Android, iPhone but not my iPAD. Received mine yesterday. In Singapore. No time to set it up yet. I just got nothing yesterday. Received it yesterday (NL). So far so good! :D I just got my monkey yesterday (Berlin, Germany). Great product, thank you! @creator: Any news on the 2TB wave? Living in Austria here and there is still a spot reserved for it on my shelf ;-) 1 monkey spotted in Belgium, in my house! :-) @creator the drive is useless without a client. You said when you created the project that you had a Linux desktop client. You said in September that the client would be available soon after launch. Now, in told there is an alpha version with no UI and no support, and I can't set it up without using windows, osx or iPhone - none of which I have. Is there a timeline on when the thing might actually work? Sorry... May I please Know when I will receive the Space Monkey. Live in cologne and waiting more than a Year now.... Daniel Drive arrived. Now I just need a Linux client and I can use it. The Kickstarter page says "Desktop Clients: functional and usable versions of clients for OSX, Windows, and Linux exist " but the Spacemonkey install page just registers to be an Alpha tester when the software is available. Any news on when Linux will arrive? as this might be useful for other european backers: I received my Monkey today. Living in Hamburg, Germany and backed this project as an early bird. im in Finland and just got a UPS shipping notice So what is happening on the European Backers front? Only some sketchy timelines, nothing firm. Nothing on shipping routes, so there might be some additional duties. And all this after waiting for ages. I'm just happy that I opted to buy the Space Monkey as the current situation is not really comforting when service would be needed. I've got my UK delivery scheduled for the 10th as well! Very excited to finally get my hands on it. It has been over a year and I haven't receive my item as well hear nothing from team couple months ago. Can you at least update your International Shipping process? Excited, Im a UK backer and I just got my UPS delivery confirmation! due to arrive on the 10th. Looking forward to getting my Monkey and really happy to have stuck by you guys. I have backed several projects and unlike some you have communicated clearly and have always shown evidence you will deliver. I run a web agency so I appreciate the work that goes into good software. With all the hype around net neutrality and NSA/GCQ spying I hope that others will stick by you and help make this secure, private cloud service flourish! Can you please refund my money? Another waste of money on Kickstarter. Is it possible to send my unit back for a refund? I bought this to back up my iPhoto library and it is unable to do so. It was marketed as being able to do it but it still won't work. @Marc - it's a good job it's worth waiting for, I guess, since there's no sign of them yet. So glad I went for the Early Bird option... I love my monkey and 2 of my friends ordered one as well! It's really worst waiting on it. Can't believe that it's been a year already since the project ended - congratulations guys! For Europeans hoping to get their devices within a couple of weeks, I am in Canada and although shipping started 3 months ago, i still have not receive my unit (coming in the next few weeks for 3 months). I would not get my hopes up. After a year off funding, we have nothing recieve in the euro zone :( Please guys from Space Monkey gife us more update's off planning. A other part can you also distribute it from a location in the Eu zone so we pay less tax over the import. :) Regards Johan Thanks for the new firmware update today! It is really fast now ! Love my SpaceMonkey and I'm going to order 2 more for a friend and my father. Good Job guys !!!! Keep it up! Hi, news about shipment in italy? Thanks Hi I'm posting here because I'm sick and tired of getting no action from emailing <email>... After deciding that I'm not willing to wait any longer for international delivery (almost ONE YEAR after the original estimated delivery date!), I emailed on the 10th April requesting a refund. I emailed again on the 16th to chase, and was basically told that 'the guy who does the refunds has a busy schedule..'. Then I emailed again yesterday, and I've still not had my refund. So it's been THREE weeks since I asked for a refund. I'm so glad I've decided to back out of funding this project. If this is the level of customer service that your customers can expect in the future, then I feel sorry for them. I've backed a few Kickstarter projects, and I can honestly say that this one has been the most painful experience so far - both in terms of your inability to deliver the product, and your customer service. Now please give me my money back. @creator: I hope you don't mean that you are BEGINNING shipments in mid-June. From your update 16 it said: "We expect to take about four weeks to distribute these devices. That puts us at a target of around mid-June to fulfill United Kingdom and European Kickstarter orders. Other countries outside of Europe should start to see units soon thereafter." I take "fulfill" to mean the device has been delivered at the customer. But now you are saying that you begin shipments mid-June and then it will take ~6 weeks to reach us. Begin and fulfill are not synonyms by any means! I'm in the UK. When will I get my monkey? Hello. A long long time ago I saw space monkey and thought it was great. I backed it. I waited patiently. I was told it was coming...and coming.....and coming. I am very patient. I know this is hard. I appreciate how kickstarter works. My patience came to an end when I saw that I still have not received my space monkey almost a year past deadline and then I get an email telling me how you guys have them in stock now! and if I want I can buy one that second from your website...... What the hell? Why am I punished for supporting your company from the outset rather than just waiting until now to order one? Can you please explain to me who is in charge of this so I can speak with them? You are making it very hard for someone who has tried to support you to continue doing so. Please give me an answer or my money back so I can just order the damn thing on the website and have some accountability on when I may actually get it. Terry Myers @creator "However, I am glad that you have found a solution that works for you, and wish you well with it in the future. As I said, we'll be here if you ever change your mind." I'm hoping that you'll be shipping my device at some stage - I was merely answering the question "Just wondering: how is a single Synology disk "cloud storage" ? Perhaps I am overlooking something, but this seems to be a fundamental difference." At some point, you might get round to shipping the international devices, I hope. You Spaced Monkeys are awesome. The difference in speed from December is amazing. The device is reliable, has not needed any hard resets, automatically uploads my files without having to specify it. Brilliant! Probably the only thing that would be nice would be the ability to continue uploading from my cell phone even if the phone times out. When I have a lot of data, I have to remember to suspend the auto-sleep. My precious digital family photos are safely distributed, I don't need to fear some catastrophic failure of the device in my home (fire, flood, etc) AND, being able to access things anywhere in the world is very cool. Very happy customer. Any updates on Wave F? I am in Canada... @aron it's a two bay NAS (not a single disk) which you can make available over the internet. It doesn't break your files up and scatter the pieces over the world, but it does provide redundancy and remote access, which is what many want from the Space Monkey, without the need to upload anything anywhere. Hi Antonio, Just wondering: how is a single Synology disk "cloud storage" ? Perhaps I am overlooking something, but this seems to be a fundamental difference. @Space Monkey  "we'll be here if you change your mind about not wanting a cloud storage solution" I haven't changed my mind regarding cloud storage. My cloud storage solution is Synology, cloud storage without Space Monkey's monthly bill. I look forward for the refund. I finally asked SpaceMonkey for a refund. For a company that has received $2.3 million in venture funding and an additional pre-payment of $350,000 from customers, I find the delay genuinely disturbing. Something doesn't feel right. Instead of having a SpaceMonkey device I have gone ahead and bought a Synology DS214, feature rich, expandable, no monthly bills, secure, and it just works. hy, when will i be delivered (i live in france) regards Hi there, bad start, the Windows app simply downloads a file called "latest" that has not file extension and renaming it to .exe still doesn't help. Ideas? @Space Monkey I think it is all most time for a official update 17 "The CE compliant devices are in process of manufacture. We expect this run to be completed by the end of March." As we near the end of March, how's that looking? hi space monkey, any updates on wave F to canada? Why did you declare the value for over twice what I paid...THANKS I just had to pay a lot more tax and duty. I have to say this has been a disappointment. Any news for int users? @Spacemonkey: Thanks for a quick refund, I wish you all the best=) I'm having trouble connecting the device to my network. I sent a support email a few days ago - has it been lost? Would be happy to understand when I am going to get my Space Monkey, or at least any explanation of the delay. So what's happening with the international shipping?? Aron: Synology just released a new version of it's NAS software with a feature set I feel is adequate for my needs. It doesn't automatically backup all your things to the cloud, it doesn't have the same Finder integration (almost, but not quite as nifty). But it got similar things and it's available in the local computer shop today. So that's what I'm going for instead. Google for a review of Synology DSM 5.0 if you want to read more. Cheers! Hi Peppe, Could you elaborate on these other solutions you speak of? Sorry to say, but I have just requested a refund. I really like the Space Monkey but now products that does almost the same thing has started to get to the market. Sad to leave but I really need to replace my current storage solution. So I'm choosing another NAS and wish you all the best. So it's the night of March 5, 2014 and I just got to activate the Space Monkey... so it's day 0 of my 18 months of service and hopefully many more to follow after that. The drive is pretty quiet, so I'm happy about that. For those that ever wonder about power consumption... it consumes between 5.5 and 6.1 watts of power in 'rest'. Spacemonkey: Would it be possible to mark a directory not for backup/replication in the cloud? I have some rather huge directories that I really don't need to get a backup on. Yes, that's what I meant(although it wasn't clear I admit :) ) I'd like to limit the upload of my own files to night hours only so that I can put many Gig without worrying that I'll bust my monthly quota. Obviously I don't want to prevent access to file chunk stored on the hidden partition though. Hmm, I wrote to support but there seems to be no way to tell the device to only upload during the hours of the nights. I was led to believe we had such control. If it's not implemented, I'll return the device as it's useless for mass storage, it will only eat my monthly bandwidth quota in mere days. We get unlimited bandwitdh only during night hours here(and even then, you have to get an ISP service that is not one of the big 3) Bandwidth is a premium here in Canada. Received my monkey today(in canada). Perfect packaging as mentionned before. Setup was a breeze. Got slapped by taxes though, but that's ok, sometimes you pay, sometimes you don't. @nick martin Please shut up... Is there a way to have my money back ? I live in France and the delay is far too long. Thank you I'm a UK backer looking forward to Space Monkey. I came to ask about whether it'll do transcoding for DLNA but I'm pretty taken aback by the some of the comments here. I back a project, I'm thankful that's it's going ahead and I trust that when it's ready it'll be shipped to me. Shrill foot stamping is unpleasant. I'm also an US backer and SpaceMonkey is a very good quality device. I had no issues so far and my Monkey is loaded with 450 GB pictures. Seamless access thru out all my devices. I love it. I understand also the frustration but you guys will appreciate all the good work. So, almost ONE YEAR delayed. And not a word regarding compensation, wow. really liked the update, no problem in waiting when being thoroughly informed. That's what KS is for me :-) nice weekend all :-) @creator Thank you for the very informative and honest update. It is much appreciated. We still have quite some waiting to do, but being kept in the loop makes it that much more acceptable. SMB is now confirmed! Thank you space monkey for listening. Now keep them going out regularly ;P @SpaceMonkey Thanks for today's update. Very clear explanations, thanks! I know many international backers are frustrated, but as a US backer let me just reassure you that this is a quality product and I've been nothing but impressed with mine! You'll be more than happy when you get it! There is nothing worse than giving a step-motherly treatment to international backers. Just to add some extra emphasis to this: I don't think the problem has anything to do with the late shipping. It has to do with the *terrible* communication. @SpaceMonkey: can you please just listen and respond to the issues being addressed? The majority is not complaining about late shipments, but rather the lack of transparency and updates that actually *say* something. To other backers: just to add some perspective: Space Monkey already raised approximately $2.25 million around april 2013 from other investors. To Space Monkey: please prove me wrong in thinking that the $350.000 we pledged to you is just your christmas bonus. If it is not: please prove us wrong by actually listening. Antarctic might be one Hector ;) 5 out of 7 continents, what are the two continents that they are not on yet? @Per - Very well put - I totally agree with your comments. 'Transparency' & good customer service are paramount to any successful business. Especially so in a Company's early stages, in fact you would expect the service to be at its best during its 'teething' stage. Mind you I guess we saw that during the funding period! We had frequent Updates then & now the last general Update was in December! Let alone an Update for its international Backers - who have the most issues. I guess we'll have to sit it out & leave them behind the curtain, until they can enthuse themselves enough to come out & be honest as to where they are with their international Backers. Only time will tell! @Gary - Do your homework before lecturing me as to what Kickstarter is all about - you have only backed one project - this one! When you've backed & Angel invested in over 300 Projects across various platform & make your money by writing about them as a journalist come back at me! I find your comments a little outdated! Strange also how you only joined KS to back this one Project?! Nothing else take your fancy or are you a 'Space Monkey Shill?!' Whatever you are - take yourself out & have a look at some amazing Projects that are out there, become one of the community instead of just saying seven comments on one Project. Good Luck. @Creator - Once again the ball is firmly fixed in your court. Please listen to what we are asking & take heed at our questions & remarks and be the Company that we first saw when we backed you last year. I fear that you will lose the charter you had & are heading to become a 'faceless corporation' - Please don't turn into one of those! We'd love to year from you... @Gary / @Creator - There are many different reasons to use Kickstarter, but my perception of why Space Monkey launch their project on Kickstarter, was that it gave them a reasonable safe way for them to get their idea / concept on a route to a durable business! At least that was my reason to back them! I have sympathy for the fact that projects often take longer than originally estimated. I see this on almost all the projects I work on for my clients! But silence is not a good strategy! I think Space Monkey should start to realise, that by not providing any information, someone else does that for them! If Space Monkey would realise that we are likely far more forgiving than the customers they will have in the future, they should take to opportunity to face their "Beta Customers" and learn the lessons while for future! Every product has a life cycle and dealing with customers is part of that! Space Monkey will not survive if they do not accept that! I not just interested in Space Monkey as a Box delivered to me, but as a service where I can safely store my valuable files. If the reality is that Space Monkey is run into issues that make it difficult to run their operation based on the financial concept presented last year! Be open about it, most of use are likely open to consider further support or a higher price if it means good long term service delivered! But ignoring us is not good for anyone! Kind regards, Per Mortensen @Nick, I'm an international backer, and I cant be more agree with you, this is kickstarter and this is the way it is. I'm also agree with the idea that space monkey is failing in communicate their problems or success to us, their backers domestic or international. I'm pretty sure that any one of us wants the failing of this great product, communication is the key. @Nick, did Space Monkey tell you to smuggle a device out of the U.S.? Did they say they were out of funds and wouldn't produce your device? I don't see either of those things in their comments or updates. I think you may be the one insinuating. Look, this is Kickstarter. You back projects you like in order to help them get to the next step. It isn't a pre-order platform (and the founders of Kickstarter have said this over and over again). I've backed several projects that never even got far enough to send out any rewards. That sucks, but its part of what I signed up for. I'm here to help these projects see the light of day, not to destroy those trying to change the world for the better. If Space Monkey is in as dire of a situation as you assume, you certainly wouldn't be helping them out of that situation by trying to fear monger and stir up discontent. If they are still trying to get you your reward for backing, that's awesome. From you comments, it almost sounds like you are hoping they will fail and not be able to get you your reward. That doesn't sound like the Kickstarter backer ethos to me. Just my 2 cents. Maybe I'm misjudging this whole situation. @Gary - I appreciate your comment but unfortunately you're a little misinformed. As Per & Soeren say - Space Monkey has not even started the manufacturing process for the hardware designated to the EU. So whilst I can see your point regarding the fact that on face value we're only one & a half months behind U.S. Backers but that's not the case. It's not just a simple case of our 'Wave' being ready to ship - it's the fact that Space Monkey simply do not have the physical stock to ship to anyone outside the U.S. And their suggestion that some Backers have 'snuck their Space Monkeys out of the country to 5 of the 7 continents' is quite an insult & if they are insinuating that this is the way forward, then it's disgusting. I for one would find that a Company that hints that the answer to their problem is by 'hinting' we all get someone in the US to ship our Space Monkey on to us without the correct certifications for my country is beyond a joke! The abandonment of its non-US Backers is abhorrent and there is nothing positive on the horizon & as Per states the lack of transparency towards its international Backers is nonexistent. What are we supposed to do? And if we are looking at a further 6 month delay what will you be offering to us in lieu of something that is so far behind its own ETA all due to a "simple design flaw!" Space Monkey does not have the funds to make the new production of the new Certified units - that's the bottom line. So unless they can come up with another way of raising cash other than by selling their own hardware, thus destroying their business plan of having a guaranteed income from each unit, they are in a situation where their whole business module is flawed. I question if we will ever even see a Space Monkey with a CE logo on its label? I'd love to be proved wrong. C'mon Space Monkey it's your turn to offer some transparency as to where you are to the people that helped raise nearly $350k, what's up? Gone all coy? I'm a US backer, so maybe my input on international dates isn't valid, but... Today is only 1.5 months beyond when many US backers received their units. I think it would be great if Space Monkey could have delivered all the units at the same time, but given that they were upfront about International units coming after US domestic, it doesn't seem like they are that far off yet. I jus saw the psot saying you started shipping to Canada. I still haven't received an email saying that though... And yeah, I can understand everyone's frustration too. It would be so simple to do a weekly update on monday or thuesday simply saying:"Factory in china is closed for holidays this week, back next week" or "Units are in production, waiting for them to be shipped here when they are done" Yes, it could be redondant, but at least we'd be kept up to date instead of in the dark. @Creator Could you please stop beating around the bush and give us some straight answers? Since you did not address my question I take it that manufactoring of the EU units have not begun yet. If it started tomorrow I would guess we could have them by the end of April/the beginning of May _at the earliest_. But lets face it, production is not starting tomorrow, because then you would have already shared that information. I am sure you internally have an idea of when it will start and when you hope to start shipping - so share that with us. Even if you are going to come out and say that you expect it to be another six months before we see these units, that may at least gives us an IDEA of the timeframe, though it may not be what we were hoping. Keep us in the loop, you have been stalling us for a month and a half now whilst trying to get hard facts. That is simply too long. Play the ball and see if we do not play it back nicely as well. @Creator I can't say I disagree with @Per, it would be nice to be given a more comforting update than "we're working hard", which I don't doubt by the way, perhaps you could tell us what the regulatory hold up is exactly? @Creator - I think was most of the backers that have not received their device is looking for is transparency! It's nice to hear that you have not forgotten us! but I can not say that I feel any more informed with your last message... @Creator - Your silence is deafening. I'm disgusted by the lack of updates for your International Backers. Your last Update was DECEMBER it is now Mid-Febuary 2014! - you've not updated us officially this year! I find it disgraceful that I have to come to you & look to source any information from a poorly managed Comments Board. Have you thought about how you got to the position you're in now? When you sit at your dest do you remember how passionate you were during your funding period? You listened, spoke, advised & praised your Backers. However, after receiving almost $350,000 your stanch changed, you were less approachable, we weren't kept up to date with what was happening - you even went to the extent in lying to us. Now here we are today & where are we? You've got some money in the 'kitty' by selling off your hardware to some Backers, sold some of the over stock off cheap that was intended for us & a large portion of your Backers are now happy using the service as a Customer but what about the remaining Backers? The Guys you forgot about whilst going through the designing phase, back when you forgot about the fact you would need to get CE Certification. Has anyone stepped up to the plate & admitted it was their fault that this "small" matter was overlooked? Where are you now & what are you doing to save face for this 'comedy of errors' business model for your European Backers? Do you care even? Are you going to keep us informed? Not so far? What are you doing for us? Oh, apart from making us an offer to buy something that A) We've never seen! B) We've never used?! C) We've never seen the system in operation but yet you hammer us to a deadline that you could not keep to for delivering to us! Do you not think it time to step out from behind the curtain & face up to your loyal Backers - the ones you've been ignoring or candy coating information that I've had to seek out! C'mon play the game - tell us what's happening? - Or is that just it to you? - A game? If so we're certainly the losers, or so it feels. The ball is in you court... I've been a big supporter of Space Monkey and really anticipate when I finally manage to get my hands on one. I've been biting my tongue whilst lots people comment about the lack of EU units but I have to say the very poor communication is unbearable. You really are breeding some bad community spirit over hear simply because you're not communicating! Personally I can understand and appreciate the delays but you really need to communicate better about what is or is not happening. Guys, neither Canada, nor Mexico require the CE seal, so in my mind, this is quite a different thing to finally starting delivery of EU units. @monkey Maybe you could produce the first bit of information. Has the production of European units begun yet at the Chinese factory? @SpaceMonkey can we please at least get an update this week? I am sure you are quite busy, but sentiment is getting worse and worse here. Please try to improve your communications. Perhaps you think it is sufficient, but there seems to be quite a backer consensus proving otherwise. Please don't get me wrong: I am not trying to demotivate you, but crafting and shipping the device is only half the work. The other half, if not the larger part, is building solid customer relations. Please do not ignore it. Space Monkey is worst the wait. I have my one since December and I love it! Zappe: as Space Monkey wrote a few comments down: "We do plan on making this right by those who stick with us, making this wait worth your while. " So let's hope it's something worth the wait (more than ~2 months of free service that is) So will there be some kind of compensation for us EU backers? At the moment 7 months late... Daniel: they did actually write "Unfortunately, it's going to be at _least_ until next week before we have solid plans to share". One week has passed so I'm guessing we'll have some news soon, although the waiting is killing me,-) Hey there, your last post is dated from Jan 31. We now have Feb 9. So where are the answers you have promised to be given to your EU bakers. For me it sounds like you project management is a pain. Daniel Now with the Spring Festival happening in China with factories closed down for another two - three weeks they are not going to have any Updates on manufacturing the EU/2TB for some time & as "We don't monitor the forums overly well (it's a community forum basically, so we're in and out)" - something which I think is a disgrace. You wanted to keep using it during funding! How is the 'Community' supposed to answer Production Questions, Or ETA's of Product? Perhaps you'd like us to share stories, share knitting patterns & talk about the weather whilst we wait for you to stop nannying around doing naff all to get the promised rewards out in a timely manner. Your P.R. sucks as does your attention to something foreign to you - plain & simple, good old fashioned - "Customer Service!" The way you're treating the remaining Backers that are still awaiting hardware is nothing short of a disgrace, also. You avoid questions, fob people off leaving us with the general feeling that you don't care any more. Can I be this 'wish washy' when it's time to pay my first subscription? Can I take my time in paying? And not "monitor the forum" for payment reminders! You're so far up yourselves you've forgotten your grass roots - the people that got you here! You've obviously had cash flow issues due to the raising of funds by people buying their Space Monkey's which in turn makes me worry if you are over stocked with US Versions that you're trying to shift you don't have the funds to pay for the production of the next batch. Which then worries me further, without the predicted income originally forecasted, how long are you going to be able to host the service? Especially without all your Space Monkey's' out there earning for you? So the next time you 'glance over the forum' perhaps you could answer some of my points, I have emailed them but to no avail. Time for us Backers to stop using this as a 'community knitting circle' & start getting some answers! Real ones too! Now how did you go about getting a refund.......?! I have kept quiet until now but please could we have an update for EU backers on delivery as I am really looking forward to getting my Space Monkey device but would be great to have a clearer time line. I am guessing its going to be (at the earliest) March at the current rate but would be good to have clarification. +1. I really feel you should take PR more seriously. I'm sure the product rocks, but your communication is pretty bad. +1. I really feel you should take PR more seriously. I'm sure the product rocks, but your communication is pretty bad. +1. I really feel you should take PR more seriously. I'm sure the product rocks, but your communication is pretty bad. +1. I really feel you should take PR more seriously. I'm sure the product rocks, but your communication is pretty bad. Yeah, really Spacemonkey, even I start to wonder now how it's going. Please give an update soon, and please include some kind of tangible substance for us EU-backers. 2TB haven't been shipped yet. @Rodrigo: I think no 2TB version was shipped until now, no matter if US or international. I support a. 2tb pledge and live in Mexico not EU so why is the reason you cannot ship to Mexico? When can I expect my space monkey? Mexico is ok with USA certifications Thanks for the update. Any feedback on the issue would be appreciated. So... status on EU orders? I want/need the device badly. Team Space Monkey - following-up on a forum post and an email to support several weeks ago. Hoping I can get some help with the issue or at least an acknowledgement of my existence. Previous comment: Hi Space Monkey guys - I sent an email to the support email as well as posted in the support forums, but no luck on a response. Perhaps it was lost in the holiday bustle. <url> I sent an email a comment and now I'm leaving a message here. My unit was sent back by fedex to your facilities, and I want either my unit or a refund. Thanks Hello, I received the check. Thank you for the refund. Who knows, when my finances improve I may still be a future client. :) I'm still proud to have backed this project and thank you guys for your honesty, integrity and customer service. Keep that and you'll go far. Best of luck! I have no idea where I stand. Is this the month? or year for that matter. Seriously, this is really dragged out. Guys, this is in no way acceptable. What does "Manufacturing of the CE-stamped units should begin fairly soon." You have to try extremely hard to make a sentence as vague as this. The last update sent on the 15th of December clearly states that you have received final reports on CE testing so with yesterday's update, you are simply reiterating something that we already know. The question is why are you delaying producing the International devices soooo long when there are no real barriers to sending them to CE territory anymore. Hello guys. A question about testing for Russia and other CIS countries. Did you already start this process or you move step by step, from country to country? And just a note about upgrading plan for backers. You finished this action in 31 December, but for us, who didn't receive yet device and didn't have 100% guarantee of receiving (because you of course depends from testing results) this action didn't have a mind. I think logically better to link this action for device activation time. As example action started from activation date and finished after 1 month. Thanks for the update :-) +1 @ Stijn Would be very nice to get an update of how things are progressing. Columbus sailed in about 5 weeks from Europe to America, how long would it take to fly a monkey from America to Europe? ;-) :-) In other words, an update after all the champagne and lobster on international deliveries would be nice. :-) kind regards! That's America Hector we are still behind ;) Check in the mail? Dang, I thought this was 2014! :-D Where's my refund? Tracking the package through usps: 420913569410810200830067292372 shows it was delivered on 12/19/13. I have yet to receive my refund! On 12/24/13 you replied to me in this comment section: "@Rosely: Sorry, we're a little slower on processing things due to the holidays; I see that it was received by the shipping facility, so we'll be processing a refund for you soon." Holidays have come and gone and I have been very patient, but its wearing thin... Aron it's cool ;) that's all I can say. Hi from Florida. Would really appreciate a new update regarding wave progress and international deliveries. It has been silent for a while now and I *really* want to plug this thing in :-) Finally setting up and making the move from Dropbox. Thanks! Hi Space Monkey guys - I sent an email to the support email as well as posted in the support forums, but no luck on a response. Perhaps it was lost in the holiday bustle. <url>"unsecure" or something. I'm sure you'll figure it out (: Any time table for the user controlled keys btw? Just upgraded to the new plan. Happy New Year !!!! Hi guys, so far I've abstained from getting in on all this mess about upgrading or not, but today I got a mail from the team saying that I should upgrade before the end of the year, but if I don't, there will still be an upgrade path for international backers later on. Now comes the interesting part: "Out of fairness to those who upgrade early, this current deal may be a little sweeter on price or extra free months than offers that are extended later. The early bird gets the worm!" So, in other words, you guys find it fair to deliver a Space Monkey 9-12 months after deadline and putting in a worse deal for international backers just because we weren't early birds enough. True, I might not have been in the first 300 devices but for sure in the first 500. Nevertheless, just because you didn't plan correctly for international certification, backers from outside the US should not take get the worse end of the stick on this. I'm really looking forward to receiving the device but it's really starting to be a drag with all this waiting around, postponing, and not really knowing when it's going to come. re: Sebastian Lemery & spacemonkey: The one and only reason I decided to back you guys and got EXTREMELY interested in you guys was because I thought that you would NOT be able to open any of the data or leave a nice backdoor for NSA guys because I thought you would not have the encryption keys.. Now you guys are saying that that's not the case!?!?!?! Please if not yet implemented (I'm to receive my device in few days so I think I can't test it) implement the opt out/opt in model/whatever immediately so that we can be sure we and only we are able to access our own data. I'm currently using spideroak and I REALLY love their model which is zero knowledge which basically means that they just have blobs of data which they can't do anything with without the users password. Yeah I might be a tad paranoid but I'd much rather backup our patent stuff&inventions in a place only I can access. Began my load of 232.6gb on Dec 1. As of today, I still have 65.7gb left to transfer... Using the device when I put together photos for the grandparents was slow. Might be due to the ongoing transfer, but it was painful enough that used my original NAS source. I hope that as updates are made, this access performance is improved. Please can I just confirm if I don't upgrade by the end of the year, as an international backer I will still have the opportunity to later for the same price? Or do I have to make that decision now? Say good bye to Windows XP in April no one will continue to support it anymore. I really, really, really wish you guys had been specific about the client versions you intended to bother with. All that was stated was "Windows". I run XP. Apparently, you are not going to support that. Now I have a paperweight. Not to mention I'd been recommending the product before I even had the device and was excited to use a more efficient system for my business. 6 months past the due date, the weird switch to the own-the-device, and now this. I'm beyond frustrated and disappointed. Is there a work-around for getting files to the device without the much-lauded software that I can't even download? Even your website doesn't point out to people what versions to supports! ARGH. Package was returned over a week ago. Still waiting on my refund. Guys, I can't decide on whether to upgrade or not without seeing a core feature that needs to be built into the iOS app: streaming media including video. I'm really hoping you guys can update this so I can see if this is something I want longer term. Thanks. I will contact support from now on. I was just a little excited and anxious. Just a heads up for people is to make it go faster try copy and pasting it yourself onto the space monkey. Not sure if we are not supposed to do this but I went from getting flucutating values from 370 Kbps to 1.5 mbps to a constant 2-3 mbps and I am upstairs with my laptop rather than being downstairs next to my router and space monkey with the fluctation values (remember copy and paste like if you were moving files instead of importing to space monkey. Not sure if it is the wrong thing to do but it is much faster.) As another backer yet to receive the device, I agree with the others regarding the upgrade window. I was extremely close to upgrading straight away, but without having any experience at all with the product I hesitated. I'm almost certain that I indeed will upgrade after I start the subscription, but please do find a way to allow us to make that decision later on. That being said, I trust you as a company and have faith in the product - and I'm very eager to lay my hands on it :) Keep up the good work. It finally recofnized it but I am wondering how does one password protect folders? Nevermind I got to log in but my space monkey is not being seen by computer. It says it may be updating and will take a few minutes but it has been over an hour and nothing. Anyone know how to log into my space monkey account. I just got my device but I can not log in. Thanks for the clarifications. I just switched to an ownership plan. Now ship it! ;-) I assume the purchased in the case of Kickstarter backers is the day it is shipped out/arrives? According to EU consumer law it's the sellers law that is the one to follow. So for us in EU it's the warranty that is mandatory in the US that is applicable (or whatever Space Monkey says). The European Consumer Center has some good reading on this matter, <url>"This limited warranty does not apply to any Device purchased from or delivered to outside of the 50 states of the United States of America or Washington D.C." So, if you are an international backer, what is the warranty? You are expecting people to switch to a different payment plan, without even seeing the device, without knowing when it might eventually arrive, and have published a warranty which explicitly excludes them. And we have 11 days to decide. Nicely managed, guys. I am unclear. Is the final arrangement for upgrading to own, etc, still being worked out in price, as I think one recent update may have said, or is it finalized? I will want to upgrade to own, etc, I was a $119 tier backer. But I'm not clear how much to send who and where. Any news on the warranty? I just want to know before making a decision if I will be changing to the buy outright model. Also please..... please...... support CentOS. When you guys said you would support Linux I figured that meant at least the big Linux distros. And I don't use Ubuntu because it's just not as stable as CentOS for most things. Anyone who agrees check out my post on the suggestions page and feel free to comment on this!! Thanks for the response, @clintgc. I will say I feel like you guys have a great product that doesn't seem to know what it is yet. For me, if I'm buying the device (in order to quickly repair it in the event that it breaks), then I would assume that the enclosure is easy to open and able to re-initialize itself. If I'm to return my drive, via shipping, every time it fails, then I would assume Space Monkey would have in place a system to quickly get a device shipped out since drives fail so frequently. Even with all that being said, if your company holds the private encryption keys for all users, it really makes the shipping the drives back to you a security risk. I feel like Space Monkey has pushed the "we've got better security than Dropbox" angle, but with the retention of private keys, you are really not offering more protection. Keep up the good work and please push for the removal of private key storage. I know everyone else is mad about the pricing model change. Not me. I upgraded already. My problem is that the email I was sent saying my device shipped with a tracking number had a tracking number that doesn't work and it was shipped on the 10th. Anyway you could look into that for me Just wanted to give your team helpful feedback. I'll probably be returning the device because of these two issues: 1) I was unaware that Space Monkey retained the private encryption keys. The argument is that it allows mobile and web apps to connect. That's fine, except I'm willing to give those up in order to have full control over my data. I think it's strange in this day and age to default to retaining private keys. What could change my opinion? Allow a user to OPT IN to the cloud storage of keys for added benefits. 2) With #1 in place, the subscription model gets even stranger to me. If my device fails, I have to send you back my device instead of simply installing a new hard drive? Are you saying that if I take apart the device and swap the drives, it won't reset itself and re-initialize the drive? This seems incredibly awkward to me, because now I'm being begrudgingly forced to send back a device with my data on it, fully exposed in transit, and also unavailable until I receive a return. Not to mention, almost every NAS on the market has implemented "hot swappable" drive bays. With drives failing ALL the time, why would you not embrace tech savvy users replacing their drives sooner, rather than later, which increases the strength of the network? Now, unlike a lot of people, I really don't care about the subscription/full purchase issue (although it seems really unnecessary to even have the subscription model... I mean, I thought I was paying for Space Monkey's network, not its hard drives... in fact, not sure why you couldn't just sell the service vs physical devices). What I see as a VERY overlooked issue is the above mentioned points. Don't Panic Daniel. another international backer not happy about changing payment models, before receiving the actual device... as aron suggests, we would prefer to choose the 'plan' once the device has been received - surely this can be arranged? Typo on last line : NOT knowing how long... Warning, long post incoming! Im with @Aron on this one. Im also an international backer and not knowing how much we appreciate the service/device and being forced to choose on a service model right now is unfair. Its like going to your cable provider which has a brand new PVR system synced with your PC and all the stuff on the net, and then you come by the counter: Vendor : Hello, were taking orders now for our new PVR system. Youll get the device in 3 months, you can buy it now, the device is yours to keep even if you unsubscribe from the service. Or you can pay 10$/month on a rent. Me: OK, but if I buy and dont like your device, will you take it back? Vendor: If you rented it, yes. If not then no, you bought it, its yours, but you can still use it on your private network! Me: OK, but can I try before I buy? Vendor: No, you have to choose right now. Does that seem right? Thats exactly what youre asking us to do. Im pretty sure Ill love my Monkey, but you never know. Now, what would be good for everyone is to offer a 60 days grace period for international backers starting from the shipping date (the device will take 2 weeks to get here, unless you use priority parcel shipping, which will cost your around 50$ per device if not more). An option to change model afterwards for at least 3 months would be fair. It would give enough time to try out the device fully. Also, you say well save over 200$ over 5 years compared to the renting model. Well, 5 years is a longgggg time in technology. Im pretty sure youll have come up with a version 2 of the Monkey by then with 10TB of storage or something of the sort. And youll probably give an upgrade path by then also. So stating the savings over a 5 year period is irrelevant, 2 years is a better timeframe. From your explanations, over 2 years, I end up saving 41$ as an international Kickstarter backer compared to a non-Kickstarter international user. Me: 99 (Kickstarter) + 10 (intl shipping) + 79 (buy offer) + 25 (6 months leftover) = $213 International: 199 + 10 + 45 = $254 Difference = $41 So thats 10 months of service for free over two years, not bad. Also, the fuzziness around the coming warranty is not helping to make a decision either. Now, Im sure your device and your HDDs are solid ones and youve chosen a drive with a good MTBF, but the sole truth about a HDD is: its going to fail, always, make it 6 months or 10 years, its going to give up somehow, sometime. Now knowing how long of a warranty I get on the device for now isnt helping either. Well, this is my comment/rant/2 cents. Thanks for non or slow network cache would be nice; please have a look to <url>"grace" period is perfectly fine. I still believe that we should not be pressured into deciding what model we are going to be on before we we actually received the device, though. Being in wave H, I expect my device to ship within the next 3/4 months or so, but you are asking me to decide within the next 2 weeks. We need more time. No fuzzy statements like "maybe there will be another window", but a plain, simple statement that indicates what we can expect. I REALLY look forward to using my space monkey. Please don't ruin the fun for us by something that can be so easily solved :-) My device is on its way back and I am looking forward to the full refund that I was told I will receive, but I want to make some things clear. @Creator: At least as of April 17, 2013, your web page did NOT state that the device had to be returned, that FAQ entry was added on April 18. The $349 "buy it" backer level was added on April 24 as clearly stated in update #1. So if you're going to be "completely transparent" please be honest about your dates and information. Myself, and probably others, backed your project based on the information available at the time and that information did NOT state that it was a lease model, nothing about warranty replacement, nothing about returning the drive, it was all pretty vague. While I can't say I know what's going on inside Space Monkey, it sure seems to me like you all had a great idea for a technological product, but little-to-no idea or planning on the business model to run it. After figuring out that the lease model wasn't going to work out you revised the rules and are pushing everyone to the outright purchase model and have discontinued the lease entirely. Lessons to be learned here, creators need to pretty much think of everything, from the wonderful widgets they are creating, to the business model they are using ahead of time. Revising things as they go along might be necessary, but needs to be clearly communicated, and there might be some repercussions for the backer and the buyers along the way. Backers, well from now on I sure will be re-reading all the terms and conditions before the final close date, it was my mistake not seeing that the terms had changed to a lease model, but then again I wasn't expecting them to either. We are just starting out here... why the big hurry to get everyone over to the purchase model? Sheesh... I need a few months to evaluate this thing and I am not sure when I am going to even start to use the Space Monkey. @Space Monkey, I had asked this yesterday, but I am not sure if you saw it... (doubt it because you have answered everything I've asked) "Wait wait wait... so you are telling us that we can't choose to keep the device wrapped up in the box and start to use the service at a much later date? What if I don't want to start to use the service until June of 2014? You are telling us that 6 months of service would be eating away in the box? I like how Apple does its warranty... the warranty doesn't start until the day the device signs into Apple's servers." I've been mulling this whole 'upgrade' offer over. My concern is that the purpose for which I backed the project has yet to have been proven. I will be waiting until well into January for all my files to be pushed to the cloud. Only then will I know for sure that all the access I was seeking is possible. I would be much happier if I had until the end of the 1st quarter of 2014 to decide on a long term relationship. @SpaceMonkey on the "extended the upgrade window". Personally, being on Wave H, which is a delivery date sometime in 2014, I would really appreciate it as it would help a lot. Until I don't try the service I can't judge if its worth upgrading. Until then it would be a leap of faith I'm not willing to take. +1 on extending until product has been received and used. @creator Upgrade Window: Would really like to try it for a while. I would think giving 60 or 90 days from activation would be sufficient, provided the warranty is flushed out by then too. We all will be the first users on new technology. I would like my decision to be based on the warranty and initial usage of my device such as how long it takes to be fully backed up in the cloud, is my Netflix slow because I am downloading other user's data, etc. Warranty: Looking forward to seeing what is being finalized. This is the biggest blocker on pulling the upgrade trigger. Again, we are providing the bandwidth for this new network and I believe that should be considered under the warranty agreement. Most disk drives I can buy come with a 2 to 5 year warranty. The appeal of Space Monkey is the local and cloud backup for the event that the local version dies. @SpaceMonkey, many thanks for the numbers, things are clear now. Looking forward hearing the warranty details, specially on how this will work in EU countries. Many thanks @Gary Jefferson I guess people are talking about two different things. One the one hand you have the network subscription (i.e. backing up you drive across the net); on the other hand the ownership of the device for your own use. The most frustrating part is that SpaceMonkey is not making the maths clear to everybody, is it really that tough to show all pricing options to users on a $/month basis? Biggest outstanding questions for me: Timing of deciding on upgrade path. I have now been told my drive has shipped, but I would like time to decide on the upgrade path as we have given you on the delays in shipping a product promised in July. As of now, I have to decide bye end of year. We all have at least a one year subscription, give us the same 5 months to evaluate we gave you. Warranty if we upgrade. As I stated in a previous post, the device we have in our homes is also hosting the redundancy of other users. A failure of a device could be from excessive read / writes caused by the Space Monkey network and not by our own personal usage. I feel pretty strongly that even with device ownership, the warranty of a device should be included with the subscription as we are "hosting" the data-center-less data-center with our supplied bandwidth. Ownership would simply mean you don't have to return the device. If this can be the case, ownership would be a no brainier. If we could get a clear understanding of the warranty going forward with an owned device, we can make the proper educated decision. Thanks. BTW, I am really looking forward to getting my device! Wow, there sure is a lot of entitled whininess in the forum today. I think the upgrade path is fantastic -- thank you for listening to those of us who pushed for a way to own the device, and for making it so attractive to upgrade. Also, I'm really confused by those who backed without knowing that they were purchasing a subscription. I agree with @Aron, @Sylvain, @Van Achter, @Creator, and others: it was always really clear to me. I mean, caveat emptor, right? It's as much the consumer's responsibility to understand what they are buying as it is for the seller to go to extraordinary lengths to educate them (which I think is unreasonable - it was clear from the main page, rewards, etc that this was a subscription service). Space Monkey offers to **lower** your monthly cost **AND** let you own the device, and this is how we react? Come on guys. Geesh. Like the majority of people here I feel as if I have been swindled. I know I am not imagining it, somewhere on the Space Monkey KS page it specifically stated that I kept the device after the initial 12 months of service if I cancelled. It even made reference to the fact that I would not have the network backup service any longer and but it would be nice looking external drive. Observations:  My pledge level clearly states: device included in your subscription. I take this to mean at the end of my subscription, I can keep the included device or continue my subscription, much like I keep an included cell phone with my cell phone subscription.  We have patiently waited to receive our units from an estimated July ship date to a December date (for me at least).  I am know being asked to commit to buying (if I choose to) my unit by end of year. I would rather visit with family at this time of year than roll the dice on a non-supported device / subscription model that may be priced better than my current pricing.  I would also like to try the device out now at this point before having to make a a change.  I would prefer to have this time extended, preferably at the end of my subscription time.  When my service is active, I will not be the only user of my drive, so even if I own my drive, it should still be supported as it IS your datacenter and you will be writing and retrieving other users data to and from my drive using my bandwidth.  If my owned device fails, it could be as a result of the usage by Space Monkey reading and writing other users data on my drive.  The whole business plan for Space Monkey hinges on a user distributed data center and a company supported replacement program for bad systems / drives.  The warranty plan needs to be linked to the subscription as a result of us being asked to provide free bandwidth and electricity for the Space Monkey distributed data center.  The original kickstarter page links to a WSJ article with the following question / answer: WSJ: How does the device work? Do I buy it or am I renting it? CG: The device comes with the subscription. You dont need to buy it upfront. This means that failures in the device are the companys problem, and not yours. If we cant fix it remotely, we ship you a new one and you ship the old one back  The answer clearly says the device comes with the subscription and doesnt say it is rented or needs to be returned after the subscription. After looking at the numbers, if you use the service for 2 years, SpaceMonkey has given an 8.75% price discount to Kickstarter backers vs ordering the service when available to the general public. The frustrating thing here is that SpaceMonkey has made the device/service available to the public well before all Kickstarter backers have received their device. A great way to de-risk their product and rollout, and a terrible way to treat Kickstarter backers. Why couldn't the upgrades to the new plans be simpler for the kickstarter backers. Example, why not let us continue with what we have and give us an option to pay $79 at the end of our 13 months for the following year and $49 after that. Or continue with the $10 per month. Assuming that the warranty protection meets EU protection (two years / reasonable expectation of product life), then the "upgrade" works out a better option if you know that you are going to want the device for more than 19 months. Without even seeing what it's like, how can you expect people to make that commitment now?? If you want to own the device outright, then that's your only option (unless you pledged at $349), but I'd rather stick with knowing that every time the device fails, SM will replace it for free - it also gives them an incentive to make sure that the product quality is higher. @Matthew I'm in Europe, if the drive fails within a 2 year period SpaceMonkey should replace it, as per EU law. I don't think SpaceMonkey can commercialise devices in Europe without following consumer protection laws. Hi Aron Rotteveel, the KickStarter campaign never mentioned that the device was a lease. I might be wrong. Can you point me to the part in the campaign where it says otherwise? To all KickStarter pledgers, I have created the following spreadsheet comparing the different SpaceMonkey pricing models. Is this really the correct pricing for each of the options? SpaceMonkey pricing model <url>"upgrade" worthwhile. Hi Antonio, Yes, you are missing one thing: the original offering did not include device ownership, whereas the latter does. Dear SpaceMonkey team, I genuinely do not understand your "Space Monkey Upgrade" proposal. I have pledged $99 for a Space Monkey with 12 months of service, that's $8.25/month. On your email you ask for a "$79 to upgrade, get 6 extra months of service free", that's a total of $178 ($99+$79) with a total of 18 months of service, which results in $9.89/month. That's a 20% increase in cost, not a saving. Am I missing something or is this really a bad deal to do? I think the new deal is not that bad, but pressuring us to decide while there is not a single solid statement on what the warranty will be is quite unfair, you must agree. There should be a larger timeframe for us to decide. The "choice" we are geting now is not much of a choice. Like others said: you do not have any street credit. You simply cannot expect us to take your word on that "everything will be allright" while you cash more checks. I don't think I understand the drama. Everyone is free to keep the original deal they paid for. A lot of people commented from the beginning saying they'd prefer to own the device outright, and that is now possible. Giving you the option of switching isn't changing the deal or taking anything away from anyone. (Disclosure: I work for Space Monkey, although I don't speak for the company.) Thank you for replying to me. And again, apologies for the yelling. :) I TOO WOULD LIKE A REFUND. I HAVE CONTACTED YOU THROUGH PM AND SUPPORT EMAIL. NO REPLY FROM YOU. Sorry I'm yelling but I asked for a refund before Scott and he's getting one but you haven't even replied to me. Wait wait wait... so you are telling us that we can't choose to keep the device wrapped up in the box and start to use the service at a much later date? What if I don't want to start to use the service until June of 2014? You are telling us that 6 months of service would be eating away in the box? I like how Apple does its warranty... the warranty doesn't start until the day the device signs into Apple's servers. "Act before the end of the year to ensure you don't miss it!" --- Me not happy... We still need to know the warranty info and the relevant information before we are able to make a comfortable decision. When exactly does "service" 'start' anyhow? --- I certainly hope it's when we connect the Space Monkey for the first time unit and not after it was shipped or the purchase date. Well, $79 for the upgrade plus 6 "free" months is certainly less insulting. Works out to about $20 for the device if you consider the 6 months at the current rate of $10/month. You guys are forgetting the original bonus of one free month in your email, though ("your subscription won't come due for renewal for 18 months") However, I still don't have a device. Even if I did, there's no, no, no way I would take on the added burden of paying for a device if it fails after ONLY 3 months. You guys are a brand new company with a brand new product on a large, worldwide scale. We believed in you enough to bring you this far but you need to prove the tech before I make that leap. It's still insulting to make this upgrade plan only available through the end of the year on a completely untested (to us) device. You guys aren't Apple or Microsoft. You need to have more street cred first. @creator Can you look at offering an upgrade path for KS backers who wish to buy to also upgrade to the 2TB model if we do opt to purchase? Thank you. @Creator, while I could have, and I probably would have, had I been aware of that FAQ entry. When I made my pledge it was under the terms that were negotiated at that time, I wasn't aware of the change and can't say that I came back to the site at any time and read later FAQ entries posted. I certainly wasn't expecting such a fundamental change to be made after I had already made my pledge. In any event it is now moot, I have contacted you via email as requested to arrange a return of the device for my refund and am awaiting your reply. Thanks, I'll wait for the next email then. I sent the same text posted below as a reply to the email, feel free to ignore it instead of replying twice to the same text ;) @scott indeed, but while the FAQ was added later, to clarify the many questions about ownership, you could have removed your pledge at any time after it was posted. @Sylvain, please see my other post. I bought into the KS prior to that FAQ entry. @Scott it's in the FAQ, and in the tiers on the front page and it was pretty clear to me too that the device was a lease since other tier allowed for you to buy the device outright. Dear Space Monkey, I need you to validate the math here: "Original subs plan" according to my tier 99$ -> 13 months of service. (12 months plus the promised extra month) 110$ -> remaining 11 months. 209$ for 2 years. Units get replaced if anything fails. "Upgrade subs plan* 99$ + 79$ -> 178$ -> 13 months(if you won't go back on your words of the extra month free) around 44$ -> remaining 11 months 222$ for two years, and I must pay 199$ again if the hard drive fails after 90 days. Now, tell me, how exactly is this an upgrade path? It cost more, with a huge extra charge if the device ever fails after a mere 90 days. Really? Because NO WHERE on the home page does the word "lease" appear. I backed this KS on April 17, the FAQ question about returning the device appeared on April 18, the first update with "ownership" appeared on April 24th. Both after I had already backed the project. Sorry you don't mind getting swindled, but in the US I'd call that "altering the terms." Well, for me lease-model was always very clear, and that's exactly the reason why I backed, and English is only my third language ;-) :-) I'd counter that you were NOT clear that this was only a subscription. I bought into my $99 early-backer level before the first update and the $349 level existed, and again, no where on your ORIGINAL description did it state that we were leasing the units vs. buying them, in fact it still doesn't clearly state that. "Included in your subscription" does not state that the device is a lease nor is expected to be returned. I simply would not have backed your product if I knew this was going to be a subscription/lease model, your service is unproven, and as of yet, unfinished in meeting your original goals. Now it seems you are "clarifying" and altering the original terms stating these devices are only leased to us, with an option to purchase for yet more money, with further unclear and vague information on important things such as current device warranties, replacements, and some people don't even yet have their devices! I understand Kickstarter is the place for concepts to be baked and finished, but Space Monkey seems to still be in the process of doing so. ALL the terms and conditions of lease, sale, warranties, replacements, service guarantees, etc, should have been thought out LONG ago and it seems like they weren't. It was "hey let's build this cool device and sell it" and then you realized you had a lot more work to do to establish a solid business model. I will grant you the whole concept of the Space Monkey storage unit is slick, but your business model is turning into a "bait and switch" that is leaving quite a bad feeling in my mouth. I would like to see a full-refund option offered to original Kickstater backers. I for one will gladly return my unit for a full refund and be done with this. Thanks for clarification! (Although the ownership part has been totally clear for me since the beginning, both from the FAQ and the fact that the pledges said the device came with the subscription (and no subscription -> no device)) I've been trying to wrap my head around this upgrade offer, I truly thought I was missing something all along, after reading the comments section it appears not. I'm horribly disappointed in SpaceMonkey and this upgrade fiasco, not only was I, and apparently a number of others, mislead, but the thanks we get as early adopters is basically nothing. For the few bucks we'll save I would have been better off investing it, would have definitely made more than a few bucks. This has definitely made me a sad monkey. I have to echo the other comments that this "upgrade" path you have laid out for KS backers is quite illogical. You want your early adopters, who are your advocates through social media and the like, to now pay within a few dollars of the price that is publicly available on the website? With no extension of service? That just doesn't add up, and coupled with the fact that most of us have just received our SM's within the past few weeks - while others await their delivery - you haven't even given us the time to test the service. I for one have about 180GB on the system, but I'm still waiting what looks like will be weeks for 116GB of that to backup to the network. Further, with the upgrade path, as others have mentioned you have not laid out the warranty information, or what the costs would be to replace a failed drive. This is all information that would be necessary for any of us to make an intelligent decision. In my humble view The Original business model remains much more interesting. As long as you're staying for 10$/month you get a new unit send to you when it breaks, gets stolen etc. When you buy it, you only have a warranty for what, 90 days (while indeed in the EU it's legally 2 years!). I'm going with the initial reward/proposition :-) What happens to my data if my device fails, is stolen, or gets lost? All your data remains safe, and we ship you a new unit. Weve designed Space Monkey with this in mind. The redundant network copy of your data is there to protect you against failure or loss of your device. If the unit is defective or the hard drive fails, you just ship it back to us and get a replacement. Space Monkey: NO WHERE in the original Kickstarter did you say this was a LEASE model. My pledge level said: $99 Early-bird special. 1 Terabyte of Space Monkey storage for 12 months (device included in your subscription). No where on the page did it indicate this was a LEASE. So now you are changing your business model, claiming I never purchased the drive, and want to sell me your new business plan at the same cost as a new user before you have even made good with the promises you made for the first devices. I think you had better go talk with your legal department again about changing the terms on all of this before I start talking to my lawyer about how you mis-represented your business plan. If you insist on these changes I will be returning the device for a full refund. I agree sending out an upgrade offer which costs us the same as a new customer is quit ballsy considering product hasn't been full delivered on. Maybe you take care of your first commitments prior to thinking about new customers. Making a bad situation worse space monkey. Get it together or your reputation alone will leave you dead in the water regardless if your product and service offering (unverified they exist at this point) are perfect. From bad to worse *amazed* "Will replacement Space Monkey units be available to purchase?" --- by this I mean... what if my Space Monkey dies after a reasonable warranty period ends and I still have a subscription going (for whatever reason this is) ... if we are allowed to do hard disk replacements, how about allowing us to populate our original hard disk to a new empty replacement Space Monkey unit. @Space Monkey... How are we going to go down a new road when we don't know what that entails? No way is 90 days acceptable so talk of Upgrade paths is WAY premature at this point. Honestly at this point, the lease model still looks the better for the long term especially if we are going to be forced into doing send-backs for hard disk replacements WHEN drives fail (since drives will fail). Will replacement Space Monkey units be available to purchase? I wish Space Monkey went with a design that would also for trays to slide in along the lines of a NAS. That would have made life soooooooo much easier. Without any concrete info, I think it is ludicrous to expect anybody to make a decision like this over the next 19 days. I now see that I am not alone. I live in Japan. I paid in May and read the delivery date of July, 2013. It is now near the end of December and only now learn to expect nothing. I have received no information on delivery delays or international problems ever, not by kickstarted or SpaceMonkey other than to say I am in delivery group H. I never got some 'survey' what ever that was?. Those of us who sent you money from abroad are like second class immagrents hoping for a visa at best..just wait you say now? And upgrade? This must be a Kafka joke. I also want out with a refund. Transpanrency please, we gave you money and you give us no information. I am appalled. Those of us in the International group need to contact Kickstarter to read all the comments below. It is all transparent and clear below. Matthew Searle says it right. Was this just a hand out from us? This issue has the potential to rub a lot of people the wrong way. Wow - what a crappy "upgrade"! Original backing level $99 for a year. So after two years, that costs me $219 ($99+$120) - ignoring the extra month for simplicity. Alternative model $99+$79+$49 = $227 So you're asking me to pay more now for something that I haven't seen, don't know when I'll see it, don't know whether the service works, don't know whether it's any good - and to make the "upgrade" sensible, I need to keep it for three years?? Please provide details on how we can get refunds please because I feel completely cheated not to mention disrespected. When I initially pledged in May 2013 you guys received USD 129, So I've been on the 1TB for twelve months plan plus international shipping. In Update #4 (<url>"FYOP, SYNP, FSYOP" into serious consideration. All in all I would say that your upgrade "offer" to early backers seems more like a SM desire to get everyone in line and on the same plan, than an actual beneficial offer to the backers. To put it bluntly, you are really dropping the ball with this. To show you mean business and appreciate early backers, you make the "upgrade" free but mandatory. That way you have everybody in line and on the same plan. The leasing model is out the window, you are sorry about it, but promise to compensate for it by making end user hard drive replacements possible. (Replace the drive, download firmware/software, flash software and the drive is good to go.) I have the same question as Greg: does the backer "upgrade" of $79 include an extra year? If not, I assume the $199 upgrade after December 31th *does*? In the last case, I must say that the message is quite misleading, since this would only lead to a discount of $20 for early birds, not to mention that it is unclear what happens with the 13th extra month of service. Please get back to ground level with us. We backed the product and deserve more than unclear marketing ploys. I'd like a refund please, hopefully before my item ships. This is whack! The KS video says "the device comes at no extra cost". If I would've know I'd only be renting the device I would've never pledged. Nowhere in the detail description does it say once successful you will have us buy back the device. This is just wrong. Hi SM, I am an international backer(Australia) due to receive my reward in Wave J, which is almost certain now to be in the new year. I just received the Special Offer Email for KS and it seems a bit unfair to have to decide about the purchase (at a special price) vs the lease model without having the devices in our hand and trialling them a bit. Moreover, you still haven't confirmed the warranty periods. Having to take a decision to buy something which is commercially unproven without knowing the warranty details seems a bit unusual (90 days is too less a period in this case, IMHO). Also, per the Australian Consumer Law, "automatic consumer guarantees apply to many products and services you buy regardless of any other warranties suppliers sell or give to you...... The consumer guarantees which apply regardless of any warranties suppliers sell or give to you, apply for a reasonable time depending on the nature of the goods or services. This means consumer guarantees may continue to apply after the time period for the warranty has expired.". Full details at this link - <url>"limited time offer" to buy the device till 1. All the details regarding warranties (international and local), refurbishments and replacements have been fleshed out, AND 2. The KS backers have received their devices and been given enough time to explore it (atleast a month) to enable them to take a call as to whether they want to lease it or buy it Cheers Hardik As an early backer, I guess I don't understand why I can't just renew for my second year, using my current device at $49/year? I guess I'm not understanding the upgrade email at all. I paid for the $99 backer level. This gave me the device and 12 months of 1TB. If I pay an additional $79 now, does that include an ADDITIONAL 12 months of 1TB of service? So I paid $178 for the OWNERSHIP of the device and 24 months of service? And I own the device? Or am I paying $178 for the device and 12 months of 1TB of service and each additional year of service is $49? Let me think about this. So I keep my current plan, which I paid $109 and got 13 months of service. At the end of 13 months I return the unit and buy another one $199 which includes the latest hardware and 12 months of service. This is how it breaks down. The first year old plan cost would be $109 - $10 extra month = $99. The first year new plan cost would be $109 + $79 upgrade fee + $49 second year = $237 The second year cost on new hardware would be $199 - $49 year of service = $148. FYOP = First Year Old Plan, FSYOP First Second Year Old Plan, SYNP= Second Year New Plan. FYOP + SYNP + $247 (with new hardware) FSYOP = $237 (not proven hardware) Just got my email on updating plans for kickstarters. Let see if I got this right, you want me to pay additional $79 on top of the $109 I paid at the start? This would bring the total to $188 plus the extra month (<url>"device included in [my] subscription". @ Space Moneky, Here's something else I thought about... isn't it easier and puts less strain on the Space Monkey network to be able to detect when a drive is failing and allow the user (who's warranty on the device has expired) to be able to replace his or her drive BEFORE it actually fails. Imagine the following scenario... It's 2016, there's a notification that the drive is failing, you shut off the Space Monkey, remove the drive and clone it to a new hard drive. You put in the new drive into the Space Monkey, connect the the Space Monkey in "diagnostics" mode and use software that would be provided by Space Monkey to perform a 'drive swap', The software does it's thing and prepares the drive to be reintroduced into the Space Monkey network and bingo, we're back on track. Of course, free drive swaps will only could be set to only be available for the same size drives (or available at a small increase in price to go up to a higher level than the $49 per year). What is the harm in trying to do something like I mentioned above? I thought that the point of Space Monkey was to be decentralized... why not try to make it even more fully so otherwise, users are going to abandon this ship. I found a reference in here to a 90-day warranty, is this correct? Given the lack of history of the devices, it's kind of a big risk to go from the lease to the ownership model -- after all, we're spending an additional $80 (at least that's what's on the email I got) this year to get a discount of $70 in the second year. Now, of course, this would pay for itself if we stayed on with Space Monkey for a period longer than 2 years; but then again, who's to say a large percentage of the devices won't simply fail after a period of time (e.g., I'm under the impression that a lot of Playstation 2s failed after two years...) and we have to buy a new device for another $200? It seems to me like it would make sense to extend the warranty to a year (for countries where the minimum warranty is not of two years) -- this brings a significant advantage to both users and Space Monkey: a. The users are getting some degree of protection against a relatively unproven device failing too early for them to recoup their investment; in addition, IF the devices have some sort of design / manufacturing problem that went undetected thus far, that would likely come up during the first year: once it's fixed under the warranty, the user has a "new" (no quotes if you actually replace them!) device with a lower likelihood of failure (i.e., should last at least another two years). b. This of course leads to the advantage to Space Monkey. While it would have to assume the cost of the warranties, that's a relatively small short-term loss compared to the long-term issue, which is the following. Space Monkey is a new business -- for sure, one that is revolutionary, and one that I'd like to see succeed, but still a new business. As such, the very last thing it needs is for its early backers to become frustrated because of failing devices and leaving the service. Having a reasonable warranty on the devices keeps these users happy, which is truly a critical success factor for the company! Or, if you want to look at it from a different perspective, think of what can happen if you DON'T offer a good warranty. One outcome is that the devices are failing -- early adopters get mad. They either shell out another $200 or stop using the service, but either way word gets out, and poor Space Monkey is cast into outer space (Gravity much?). The other outcome is that the devices are not failing, in which case the warranties really aren't costing you anything... Maybe I'm missing something here, but I think this is definitely something you guys should consider. P.S.: Wave E! Yay! Due to this unknown information that is vital to deciding on upgrading is there a way to get the coupon fellas until we have been given notice. Because I would like to know how much a repair or replacement would cost me. Maybe you can offer warranties through squaretrade? Is there a way we can get an extension on the offer for people in such late waves like I am in Wave E. I would like to test out my space monkey before forking over more money. Another question I have to ask is what happens if we buy our monkey and it breaks? Can we repair it ourselves if it is an HDD issue, will you guys offer an extended warranty for an additional cost? I mean I only have 21 days to decide if I want this apparently and I have to wait an additional 7-10 business days to actually get it. Hello Space Monkey team, I dont really get your last email on your upgrading plan. Why would I need to purchase my device again? I already paid 99$ for the device with 1 year subscription on Kickstarter. Pledge Summary AMOUNT PLEDGED $99.00 REWARD Early-bird special. 1 Terabyte of Space Monkey storage for 12 months (device included in your subscription). ESTIMATED DELIVERY Jul 2013 SHIPPING Within the US I understand that, in the meantime, you changed your business model. But why would you make me (and many early backer) to pay to jump on the new pricing plan? So far, my experience with your company is: - my device was shipped with a 6 months delay - Im not able to use my device because, according to your support, the Space Monkey is not ready yet to handle the transfer of lot of files. Just a note for the other backers... I received my Space Monkey last Saturday and set it up on Sunday morning. I then started a transfer of roughly 40,000 files (250gb) to the device. It took until Thursday to finish transferring the data to the Space Monkey device. The transfer to the 'cloud' copy currently has about 196gb to go. Given the effective transfer rate over the past day (since I'm no longer adding data to the device) it will take into January to complete the process. So, keep in mind that large transfers will not be cloud backed for quite some time. If the USB port is used for diagnostics... can't this scenario work? Boom 2016 comes and the drive fails... we open the unit, put a new replacement drive in the unit, we connect the the Space Monkey with a USB cable to our computer... a downloaded Space Monkey application running on our Macs or PCs run while contacting 'home' to Space Monkey to authenticate that the corresponding drive for the Space Monkey unit is being replaced and is used to download and install the necessary software on the newly installed hard drive. The process finishes, the Space Monkey reboots and the user is able to connect the Space Monkey back into the network. The End Your welcome. :-) Please put my name twice on the Backer page :-) I'll be here all week :D Same goes for Sweden, here are the swedish laws that regulates when selling to a private person (in english), <url>"legal warranty" that would pretty much make you liable for the device for at least a year. You can point them to this webpage that describes it: <url>"old" leasing model. It is my understanding, that when you lease the monkey and the HDD eventually dies, a replacement drive will be send to you and you only have to pay for the shipping. In the new purchase model I would imagine you would have to replace the drive on your own dime? I have had NAS or home build servers for more than a decade now, and HDDs tend to die on you. On average I would say that they last you 3 years. A replacement disk is probably around $150 in my part of the woods. This means I would have to add an additional $50 a year in the cost of running the monkey, i.e. we are now at $99 a year for the 1TB option. Even if the drive lasts 5 years we are looking at $89 a year. That's still lower than $10 a month, but what if the monkey itself dies? What is your warranty period for the device itself? These are just thoughts I have around the decision of leasing or purchasing. So Wave D 'has shipped' or it is 'starting to ship'? Good point Guilerme. "we also have some extra units which were originally destined for our International backers (everything after Wave E is International), but due to regulatory requirements, must stay in the United States. Don't worry International backers! We're making new ones for you and these will be sent off as soon as possible!" How long will international folks be waiting, there must be some kind of ETA? It has already been 8 months since I funded the project. I have been following Space Monkey since you won the Launch Festival back in March 2012. I don't know if this has been brought up before, but I have a question about your new pricing system - what happens when someone who purchases a device decides to stop subscribing to SM? Do they end up with a useless brick, or can they still use the 1TB on their device remotely but lose the P2P backup feature? I agree that the device leasing model was tricky (what happens when an international customer stops subscribing, right?), but if you're going with the ownership model then there's really only one acceptable answer to this - the device has to have some functionality... Indeed Marc, what I am interested in knowing is the power measured in watts. Indeed Eugene... it would be nice to read a nice review in the meantime while I wait. I doubt it eats up a lot of power. Depends where you live. Thanks space monkey for the updates today !!! Looking forward to get my one very soon. Has anyone reviewed this yet? Its quite obvious many have received and are putting up pictures on instagram of their new toys, but has someone/is someone planning on doing a critical unbias review? Would possibly attract more customers (including me). Thanks. I don't drink coffee! LOL Less than your coffee maker ! Okay, so it never spins down. For those that have their Space Monkeys already and haven't already absconded from Kickstarter... if you have a Kill-A-Watt or a Wattsup, how much power does it use? I know that you aren't the technical guy, but can you ask and find out about the following All the talk about drives in the comments of Update 13 makes me wonder about how the backbone system operates... does it allow for the drive to spin down and rest occassionally when you (the primary user) aren't using the drive locally, that way the drive isn't constantly being written to from outside users in within the network? There's gotta be some effective and efficient way of using the drives in the unit without overusing them. The question is, how do the units get to rest or are they going to be going full blast all the time... i.e. will they get a breather now and again and not accept any outside writes for a period of time. Of course when it comes to hard drives, one of the most important things is to make sure that you have good clean power going in, so hope that those PSUs are hearty and robust. @CJ Siano They have an article about what each light represents. <url>"? So many questions.... (^_^) Sorry about that. I'll let you get your Wave finished and address what I've posted here. I have to wait for the rest of the data to be uploaded to the 'cloud' before I can start doing any access testing. Oh, and it might be nice to be able to have some control over the filename prefix. My photo directory structure has date/event info already in it, so tacking on the date to the file name just makes for really long file names. OK, back to the weeds to wait for transfer to finish. Heh... Comcast claims that their customer 'average' data usage is 13Gb a month. They track actual calendar months from the 1st to the last day. Here it is Dec 2nd and I've already got 19gb usage as the Space Monkey transfers up to the 'cloud' all the content I just loaded. Heh! Space Monkey is installed and loading. Windows, iOS, Android all seem to be working fine. Probably the only thing that was annoying is that I keep movies I've ripped from DVD on my Android tablet for travel. I had to stop the automatic transfer of images because it tried to upload nearly 12gig of movies from the tablet. I don't see a way to tell the app which type of files to pull from that device. Also, it seemed to want to copy off images that I viewed from the internet, not internal photos. That could get nasty in a hurry. Had to turn off the Android transfers. iOS transfers were much better, but also uploaded movies as well as photos. Would be nice to be able to define the file types. Other than this, the product seems to be working as expected. Once the transfer of photos from my old NAS is complete, I'll have roughly 1/4 of the device filled. I plan to run the Space Monkey and my mirrored NAS for the next several months to see how the in-house response and the file security holds out. Is there a way to add security and/or privacy settings to directories on the Space Monkey? For example, I'd love to be able to send family the login info to view photos, but I don't want them uploading or deleting them. Also, I'd love to have a secure place for work documents to live. I love the way the Space Monkey came up as my last drive in my Windows machine. Was initially Drive X, but then once I removed my old NAS Y and Z mappings, it became Drive Z. It is also labeled Space Monkey. Any way to change that to say perhaps CJ Space Monkey? So that if family install devices, I can link to them and know who's is who's? Lastly, do you have an LED indicator key? Be nice to know what the flashing and colors mean. I love the packaging. Apple and Chromecast level of quality there. The Cabinet of the device is well made with a hardly noticeable seam. I love the full rubber foot on the device. What is the USB port for? I also love the quiet operation. My primary NAS has a cooling fan that when operating like it is now for the long copy, is quite noticeable. The Space Monkey is not silent, but I have to put my ear within 1 foot of the device to hear anything, and what I do hear is the normal whirring of the disk. Well done! The power requirement of the Space Monkey is much less than either of my older NAS devices. Both of my older NAS devices use a 1.2 amp power supply (i.e. draws 1.2 amps of AC power. The Space Monkey uses 0.55 amps. Less than half the power consumption! Have not had any time to run access speed tests. All devices on my network have dedicated DHCP assignments, so monitoring the device should be easy enough. Both NAS devices and my primary ethernet connection are direct to the router. (everything else is via a switch or wireless) I also plan to "pull the plug" and see how well the cloud can deliver my files. Updates on these when I have more time. Installation: I think you need to rethink the documentation that comes with the device. First, the tiny print "Quickstart Guide" was missed when I asked my wife to review the materials. It was only after the fact that she saw the flip side of the welcome card. You should seek out a special URL for installing the Space Monkey. Perhaps MySpaceMonkey.com. And there is nothing in the box or at the install site that links or points you to apps for iOS and Android. If I connect to the install site via my tablet, it really doesn't help me at all. Need to detect the device and offer the proper client. Then, also pimp your other clients. And the biggest question from the less tech savvy wife was "what is a router?". Considering how simple everything else is, getting over that hurdle should be given some thought. Maybe a video to explain the device needs. Thank you very much Space Monkey. This project has been a joy to back, and the product seems to be a winner. Hi there, when do you expect to deliver to Germany? Daniel I just received my device this morning! Thanks guys! My package has been lost. Can you guys look into it? I sent an email over a couple days ago. Just a quick note - The packaging is ultra professional; even beats Apple! I am very impressed with the pkg design. Yet to hook it up and try. Yeah, I know. :-( Although I find it strange since I'm in Canada and CE isn't required here(it follows the same regulations as the USA), but I guess some other requirements might be needed? 2 weeks btw wave B and C. Speed things up now, get to F! :P @CJ - That's a ridiculous statement. Ugh. Signature Required? I am licensed to have machine guns delivered to my door and never bother with signatures. Signature deliveries are more freaking work than ATF paperwork. I have to commend you all on the packaging. When I opened the box I was very very impressed. I felt like I was opening an apple product. Kudos to the team! I've installed it and am waiting for it to "update" and then I'll give it a shot. @Space Monkey Can you please add me to the Linux alpha testing request list as well. I do a lot of work on my Linux server and the sooner I can stop relying on Dropbox the better! The model numbers represent the drive capacity, no the user-accessible space. I wondered that too but after plugging it in and activating it, it is indeed a 1TB model (2TB HD). The other space is for the, "cloud." Very excited to see that my SpaceMonkey shipped within the last day or so (Wave C) -- I did notice, however, that I was being shipped "1 x 2TB, WHITE, US (SM1-2W10)", while my pledge was for a 1TB device. Typo? Did we all get free upgrades? SM, please take a look when you get a sec? Power cycled it and it's all good. Sweet! How long does the Space Monkey take to update? I have two short amber LED flashes on the device, and the setup application says the device is, "updating," so I can't continue with setup. It's been this way for about a half an hour. I bought the 2 TB Hard Drive in Mexico, but I havent seen anything clear on when am I getting this product. Any updates? Thanks Rodrigo I really appreciate the responsiveness here. A user mode binary would be great, and while open source would really be nice, I can understand why you are avoiding it. Licencing and monetization can be difficult.with libre software. Happy to say that I finally got my Space Monkey today! I backed the project on April 17 and was in Wave C. For now I'm pleased with the quality of the packaging and of the drive. I will plug it to my internet box tonight when I will be back home. I guess the placement of which Wave you are in depended a lot on the time you fill in your survey (for the USA, that is)... Happy for you Wave C guys... wish I had filled out my survey quicker so I'd be in a sooner wave, since I backed on April 18, the day after the KS launch. I guess the lesson for all Kickstarters is to fill out surveys as soon as you get them. I normally wait to fill out my surveys just in case of last minute changes to addresses or sometimes the finish of something looks different, preference for a color or whatnot. I think Kickstarter needs a better system to keep track of the various nuances in these campaigns, post-funding. Excellent. It would be awesome if you could provide source code, obfuscated or not, so we can compile and install it ourselves. I have access to a CentOS supercomputer where I lack root privileges, but I can compile things and install them within my home directory. I see on the SpaceMonkey website you can buy it for $199 and then pay 49 USD each year after so are you going to be doing this for all kickstarter backers as well? I just got the shipping notification on my wave C device, and I am super excited to receive my Space Monkey. I know that it's not in your initial plans, but is there any possibility that you guys will make a Linux sync daemon that can be used from the CLI, or make your service rsync compatible? I see there was going to be some digging done today on the 2TB wave. I too am one of those and am wondering where things stand. When can we expect an update? Thanks, I'm looking forward to experiencing data life without a data center. Thanks CJ! That's quite helpful. I intend to place my Lightroom catalog on my Space Monkey. I have it currently on an external drive that I make a backup up of (to another external drive) once a month. I have a separate catalog on my laptop for the current year which I backup with Time Machine. It works well enough but this will be even better. Plus I can replace my Google Drive which houses about 45 Gb of work related projects so I can sync between my desktop, laptop, and iPad. I am in Wave C, and mine just shipped. Yahoo! Here is specific information for targeted areas of the country: <url>"living". How do I determine what wave I'm in? And have you posted somewhere the estimates for all the Waves? Got a bit confused on this.I'm the $99 pledge. Thanks Hi Guys, something I wanted to just get a bit of feedback on. With something like a dropbox or google drive account if a virus or malware gets onto your personal computer, your drives in the cloud are safe because even if something is deleted they are recoverable. With things like mentioned in the link below if it or some other type of virus or malware were to infect the PC and drives attached to it, how would your system handle it and protect the data? Would it even affect the drive? <url>#MustLearnMyABC! A Wave Holland ;-) I'm in the EU, but I'm moving to the US later this month. Is it possible to get my wave bumped up once I update my shipping address? Can anyone explain to me the difference between another KS project - Lima: the brain of your devices - and Space Monkey? Woo Hoo. Omega Wave! Why is it every good Kickstarter campaign has numerous people complain about shipping times? Please understand, these guys are starting a business, creating a never before thought of product, fine tuning it, working with a product development and distribution model that is nothing short of daunting, and also trying to keep people happy. If you've never used Kickstarter before or been involved in starting up a business and facing these issues a bit of research before investing would be more beneficial than constant complaining. Be glad Cyril, I'm also an early bird and only in wave H :-) There are worse things in life ;-) Guys, I love what you are doing but I'm little bit tired of your project management. I was a very early backer (backed the project in the very first few hours...). The estimated delivery was: July 2013. Then I got an email saying the shipment would be delayed (of course I was expecting a slight delay of 2-3 months). Then more news from you guys with the hope to get my hands on your product in September.... Yesterday I received an email with a big "Delivery has Begun!". What a news! But by reading the details I understood that I still need to wait to get my wave assigned... Today I got my wave assigned (wave C!!?) and now need to wait until at least mi-december to receive the product... July to December, that's 6 months of delays! I will think twice before backing another project. @Space Monkey: Wave info mails are going out as we speak. You promised more transparency, which prompts me to ask how many waves you have currently planned, what letter does the final wave carry? @gary_jefferson, I could not more agree. Hardware business is hard (hence the name). Keep on guys. Jonathan, there will be a way for you to update your address online. Space Monkey will also be able to help you at <email> with any specific questions or concerns. @Jonathan, I actually really like the wave idea. Other projects I've backed have taken longer and kept moving dates that weren't met and people had to change their plans, etc. From the update and comments from Space Monkey in the update, it looks like the main hold up is actually the device manufacturing and bureaucracy in China. I'm pumped with the progress. Keep on, guys! And the latest update was very vague, nondescript, with no shipping dates. Can you at least ship the hard drive to us? I'm changing addresses soon and not sure if I will ever see this thing. You should look into your Project Management practices. Sept 4th, a promise was made to provide a shipping update. Today is the 26th. This user's account has been deleted. Hi. So much time has gone by that I have lost track with what is happening with shipping. First, is there a way that I can tell if you have my correct shipping info? I know you sent an email asking back in June and I likely responded but I also have forgotten what happened - completely. Also have you shipped the AFTER Early Bird Special units or should I still be waiting? Do you inform users as they are sent? Thanks. Agreed. I really believe in this product but communication has been sub par for quite a while now. Under promise and over deliver is a good policy and very Apple. If you can do that at least communicate with us. I got an email asking for my t-shirt size, but never got it in the mail. Did you send it out? Regarding device upload: will there be support for multiple device uploads? Will I be able to save backups to the device directly from my phone? I don't want to pay $20-$40 extra for more iCloud space. In Sweden it's totally legal to import non CE-approved products, but you as individual can't plug it in )(or do so and break the law). Hello Did you care of the CE-approval? Simon Dieterle already asked that on Jun. 22, but not get an answer. That CE-approval is very important for Germany, as customs will refuse the import to Germany, if that CE-sign is not there. Thanks Really need another update with shipping info. Would be nice to have an update. It has been 2 weeks since the last one, Thank you. I would appreciate updates through the normal channel of KickStarter updates instead of the comments section too. I would appreciate updates through the normal channel of KickStarter updates instead of the comments section. When is D Day ? Please an Update! Thanks! Should be nearing the end of Phase 5. Updates? How are we compared to the roadmap? Any update with the t-shirts? I have not received mine yet! Thanks! Will you deliver with U.S.P.S. or UPS? Is there any way we can change the address we'd like our device shipped to? I haven't received mine yet and I'm moving this week. Thanks! Thanks Space Monkey !! Yes I can't wait any more ;) sorry about that ;) I remember too it was August / September. Why the new delay ? Thanks for the update, although the "We're still on track to begin delivering en masse by the end of September / beginning of October. " tidbits is actually misleading when the last news was for delivery by august/september. Delay away if it means a quality product. So we have another delay? When will be notified of the third delay? The end of September? LoL I'm with Nick, Space Monkey this is Earth can you copy ? ;) looking forward to to feed the monkey ;) +1 With that please. - I'm an Early Bird & can't wait for my imminent arrival of my Outer Space Monkey! I've ordered plenty of bananas! I can't wait! Hope to hear from 'Mission Control' soon! Idem, living in Canada and wondering if shipping has started for anyone? The latest news stated August/September but I'd love to have something a bit more precise, and since we're in the 3rd week of August surely you got more details for us? :P looking forward to the space monkey. what's the ETA for delivery to Canada? Will there be support for chromecast? Beaming content to my TV from the space monkey would be sick. Thanks Well that's encouraging to hear. If I am having second thoughts on my unit before, or after I receive it, what is the best way of contacting you to request a refund (and/or return it)? I have available to me another option that meets most of my "wants" without a monthly fee, hence the second thoughts. Any update on Space Monkey TShirts for the $25 backers? I need a new TShirt for summer! I still have not yet received my Space Monkey. Where is it? What's the definition of a User? Will you allow non-SM hardware users to have an account for mobile/web/desktop clients? Say, a free SM account that includes 0gb of online storage but access to shared folders from other SM Hardware Users? Being able to one-way sync would be a major boon as well. I would love to be able to share folders with non-SM using partners but be able to manage through username/passwords who can access what data. Hi Guys, I have had a range of hard drives, from portable USB, to time capsule units and I found everyone, when it holds my iTunes library, the files will go slowly. This will either happen 1 by 1 over time or in one big hit, and has produced many problems over time. My question is will this happen on yours? My follow up question is that if I were to discover a movie go corrupt, will I be able in a way to tap into my network or cloud to recover it, or will I find as soon as it happens, the cloud network will have a corrupt file as well? This question maybe silly..my pledge says the delivery is in July..is it possible to know approx dates for Australia..I am moving soon and if help me out Any update on your roadmap yet ? Any update on the status of how streaming videos within the web client is coming? What is the target for performance metrics on this device? Are you looking at a typical NAS device on market and shooting for matching similar performance when I access it locally? What about the CE approval? We germans are experiencing problems with missing/hidding CE sign in OUYA and Pebble. I hope you also keep that problem in mind. Awesome! I cannot wait to get hands on the drive! If you need beta testers to test drive your software version... let us know. Till then I will wait for my drive! That makes the SPACE MONKEY even better. I need 2 more than :-) Does anybody know if spacemonkey will support timemachine backups? I live in UK and since space monkey is arriving by September, I am not sure and so donot have the address of the place where I will be living by then. Would you guys be kind enough to ask for an address confirmation before its actually send, please? I got in at the $99 price and received my survey. I paid the extra $10 to get a shirt as well. How do I indicate my size? @Eduardo I'm not from Space Monkey but if this is a general adapter for an external hard drive .. don't worry about it .. it's 110-220 Volt. Hey SpaceMonkeys! Wondering what the power requirements are for the device and if the power adaptor included takes into consideration us international folks that operate at greater than 110volts? Realized I never asked this. Will it be possible to set up an FTP into this? I have a backup program for my websites that I use to FTP into another server. Would love to be able to take it offline and use this. Where do I go to change my shipping address? Any update on the status of how streaming videos within the web client is coming? Any word on Time Machine functionality at launch? Will this drive be able to be partitioned when TM is implemented? Ex: 500TM and 500gb space? If the files were kept on devices outside the US, then you would need a court order from that country to retrieve the data. There's an article on The Register (<url>"not subject to US law" may become something that non-American companies start to use to promote themselves. I doubt any legal assurance can be given. If a court order is given, they'd have to comply. It's the same problem with all cloud solutions where your files are potentially hosted in another country with different laws. You can always encrypt your files yourself with GnuPG or others, or create an encrypted container using Trucrypt. What I find funny is that many people are freaking out because of PRISM but are still sending emails and attached documents in the clear, unencrypted. You can be sure that those are scanned for keywords. Could you give a legal assurance that our data will not be shared with PRISM or any government or other organisation? If not the ability to store the encryption keys locally instead global for specified folders would also be helpful. What assurances can you offer that Space Monkey data will not be make available to the PRISM program? What is estimated time when we'll receive survey? Week-month? @kevin It was stated in earlier comments by SM that the USB port is only used for maintenance for the moment. Been looking for the Tech Specs on connectivity. Will thi s use USB2, USB3, Thunderbolt ? Can we please get an update regarding the schedule and process? I have 100% faith in the device and team behind it, but really feel that communication is quite lacking at the moment via every channel. Please keep up in the loop. @spacemonkey just so you know your mobile site only links to the kickstarter campaign. I have to view the desktop version to see your new website where preorders can be done. I think I have never read about the "Storage System: file versioning support" feature of SM before... Sounds great. Could you please give me some details on that? Will it store its data in hidden folders like Dropbox does? What about the diskspace it is using - taken from my 1TB, right? This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. @Tim Allen - It says the estimated delivery of the SM device on all tiers is July 2013 hey space monkey guys/gals... what is the estimated date that we backers will receive our space monkey?? I hope I am not being repetitive with this question, but I read through a bunch of these comments and don't see the answer. Would love to know when I can get rid of bitcasa. Very much looking forward to what you guys have built. thx I. wondering.if I could get a refund of 10 dollars. I ordered the 129.tier at accident but.before the canpaign ended. I was charged 129 insured of 119. Really hoping for time machine support out of the box! Fingers crossed! But it's a holiday. Happy Memorial Day everyone! Another monday begins... Keeping fingers crossed for the surveys! So when *will* they go out? Last weekend, it was said this was most likely planned for last Monday. Would appreciate beter (and more) updates... Hi Guys, I still havent received an email survey! Just curious if they have been sent out yet? @Space Monkey, can you show us a fully functional demo of the web-plattform, where everyone can test it and help to improve the final version and make it better? Thank you. What is proper way to be informed about project news (Twitter\Google Plus\RSS\EMail)? Might we get an option to order an additional Space Monkey at the beginning ? Thanks ! @Space Monkey, when I use your service, must I have the device for 24/7 turned on or can I shut it down when I want? When everybody wants to shut down his device, how can you guarantee the integrity of my data? Thanks. I was hoping to help out more with funding but I'll have to wait to purchase a space monkey after the KS backers have gotten their units. @Rodi, the first stretch goal was for 3,500 backers. Now I need to decide on a colour....Very excited about this and the possibilities. So close to the first stretch goal! I have to admit I didn't think we would get anywhere near as close to 3,000 backers. I was almost proved wrong. Delighted for the Space Monkey team on a super successful kickstarter. Hi Emad, SSD has been previously suggested in the comments but it does not serve a good point. Since the device is connected to your router, your speed will be capped to your local LAN speed, which is far slower than an SSD. In this case, the speed of the HDD does not matter as much. further to last, even give the option to the User to switch internally their own device with an SSD drive through a fitting kit, instructions and optional firmware Hi Congrats on the successful funding! a small thought, since the backing was 3 x what is required - would you consider having an SSD drive version of this? speed and reliability would increase dramatically... looking very forward to it! Congrats on the great idea and funding goal exceeded! Excited to be a backer and to finally get rid of my external hard drives!!! Congratulation ! Looping forward to get my Monkey ;) Hey, the paul, what kinda ping pong paddle you've got there? Hmmm okay... at least you also think it'll be doable in a couple years. @Andrey- I don't know. I don't think our EU shipment plans have solidified to the level that we can say for sure whether that's an option. Hopefully it is. @Hector- I don't think we can make it much cheaper than this, with the current state of technology. Remember we have to account for a lot of up-front development costs and ongoing product improvement costs. In the near future, though, almost certainly. Each time I see this Kickstarter page, I keep thinking that the subscription costs could be lower than $120 per year as a base. I understand that there's some overhead associated with keeping the service running, but couldn't their be a pricing model for basic service at a lower cost and more advanced features for a higher per month, per year price? Do you plan to send parcels with tracking number (EU)? I am from Russia and our post service is not so good as in EU or US. In St. Petersburg we are close to Finland, so I prefer the poste restante delivery to Finland, but tracking number is required in this case. @Nicolas - with the current batch of devices under development, the hard drives are 2TB, but we don't make any guarantees about what you'll have in your device; just that you'll have 1TB of local, crowd-redundant storage. hy, what is the actual size of the hard drive in space monkey (not online) when i pay 149$? thanks Will there be a Google+ Hangouts take-off party in ten hours when the Kickstarter campaign ends? @Sylvain Ah, that makes sense. Much more practical. @Martin It's directly connected to your router via an ethernet cable. @Space Monkey How does connectivity work? I read somewhere that you have to use an Ethernet cable; does that mean I need to connect an Ethernet cable from my PC to Space Monkey in order to connect to it? @Space Monkey. Perfect. Many thanks for the clarification. @Sergey Gradovich - [Quote] - "adapter is so cheap ($1.67, e.g. <url>) so it'll not be a problem even if it'll not be included." [Unquote] Wow! I wasn't aware that such beautifully designed adapters existed. The 1950's retro design of the adapter you linked to will complement the modern design of the Space Monkey perfectly ;-) Many thanks for your input, but I think you missed the point. I am happy to use an adapter if necessary, but was simply asking whether the Space Monkey guys might be considering a localised power supply for the UK, perhaps we should let them answer :-) @Space Monkey Any updates on customs? I mean european users might have to pay taxes depending the price declared... Or do you plan to ship from within Europe for european members. Pondering on if I should go with 2tb straight away or not... Do you have any idea yet how you'll handle the upgrades? If I go with 1tb now and upgrade later and you send me another device will the software just see one account or would there be a hassle of two accounts or something? @Space Monkey: After the Kickstarter launch, are you guys planning to have a referral system in place i.e. if I tell family and friends about Space Monkey and they signup, I get x more month(s) of service? @solardave1 everyone who has a device. That's the whole point of the project :) Appreciate that but where/who will be hosting? @solardave1, check the responses from space monkey below. The gave some very interesting insight in the past. Can you address the security of the data stored in the cloud and also the infrastructure you will be utilizing to ensure uptime on the service? Thanks. And also is it possible to stream all the music stored in this storage? For example, play all the songs stored in that particular folder. Do I allow to set password for the folder created? Since I'm sharing with my family members with the same account, some contents may not want to be shared. Can this sync with other cloud service like Dropbox, google drive and iCloud? Hi, I'm a software developer and if I were to use your product, I would want to store my source code within it. However, many of the files within the directory tree of a software project are not only reproducible, they are reproduced very frequently. Are you planning to provide ignore files which list file and directory patterns similar to .ignore files used by git? Space Monkey - will white labeling or custom cnames be possible allowing for our own branded links to space monkey files; i.e sending a link to a client files say at <url>"copy", but that copy has *much* higher durability than a single drive. It really is simpler to think of this as cloud storage with local-copy model.... if you want extra copies on Dropbox, Google Drive, S3/GCS/etc., then you have to store/manage that extra copy yourself. If you want more copies, staged backups, etc. (and they don't eventually launch such a feature directly), there's nothing stopping you from adding *another* layer over the files you store on the Space Monkey device. AFACIT, there's nothing to stop you from adding a set of par2 redundancy, an extra literal copy, syncing a copy to a conventional fileserver/NAS/hard drive, or whatever. @Martim I can't be sure it's only one copy, I go from what is written on the page, but in any case, your backup file aren't copied on a single device. Again, from the front page: "Because Space Monkey splits your files up into little pieces after theyve been encrypted and spreads those security-locked pieces out to geographically diverse locations, it is largely immune to Mother Nature-caused outages. This is the same design philosophy used when the Internet itself was originally created and similar to the architecture used for email. This design means that the Internet continues to work even when individual lines are cut or servers go down, and that the email system as a whole has never gone down (even though individual email endpoints can and do fail). Its also what makes your data stay safe, even if your house burns down or lots of the other devices in the Space Monkey network are stolen or destroyed. It serves as the ultimate in data protection." @Sylvain One copy is waaaay too little. If you only had a single backup of your data, you'd be much better off storing your files in a data center, since the odds of a data center failing are much less than the odds of a single Space Monkey drive failing. I'm guessing a good number would be closer to 10, but I don't know how they would manage that many copies. @Martim : From the front page description :"and a second copy somewhere for safe-keeping" So I take it we'll have 1 copy of our files. Very excited as I became a backer. I live in the UK. I understand it will come with a UK plug. When do I give my delivery address? Thanks. Amos @Sebastin Murra, here. Pledge 109$ or more. @Space Monkey, I've got a couple of questions: 1. I'm a little confused as to how the wired/wireless thing will work. If I want to transfer something to my drive, do I have to connect an Ethernet cable from my computer to the drive? Or did you mean that the drive itself has to be connected to my router through an Ethernet cable, and I can transfer files through my wifi network? 2. How many redundancy copies of my files will be made? If the drive is 3 TB and I'm using 1 TB for my personal copy, that leaves 2 TB free for redundancy, meaning that if everyone maxes out their usable storage, there are only two copies of your files (i.e. you only get a backup of your backup). Of course, the average percentage used will likely be much less, but even at 50%, that only leaves room for 4 backups. Also, how does your expected number of redundancy copies compare to services like Dropbox? 3. How soon are you planning on adding multiuser support? This would really be an awesome feature, I'd really like to be able to allow everyone in my family to use the drive without letting everyone access each other's stuff. Sorry for all the questions, I really am genuinely excited about Space Monkey! Where can I make a pre-order? I want to buy it now! I live in Barcelona. @Ben Hopper few comments below you could see the answer: yes, we are sourcing power adapters for Europe. How about UK power adapters too? UK power adapters are different to the 2 pin EU adaater. Hey Sm Is there any way to get the device mounted to a wall directly? Only Ethernet? What about Wi-Fi? European power plug would indeed be _extremely_ helpful. Keep up the great work, I'm super excited! Did you think about different European power plugs? If I back the 2TB will the monthly service fee still be $10? @Matthew Searle Indeed, I also do not see the incentive of the 349$ level since it was stated in a previous comment that once you are off the service, the device itself isn't of much use. So someone choosing it is actually paying 20$ more than someone who simply stays subscribed for 3 years. Are you planning/hoping to have a final t-shirt design before the end of the Kickstarter campaign? @Space Monkey - comparing the $209 and $349 packages now doesn't really give you an incentive to back at the higher price. $209+$120 for the third year (assuming $10/month) = $329 for 3 years, or you can pay $349 in one lump sum??? The only difference is that at $349 the backer owns the device, but to be honest that isn't enough of an attraction to get me to pledge the higher amount. I've already reduced my pledge from the $349 level as I can't see any incentive to commit to that level up front, when it's more expensive than paying monthly. Im from Brazil and here we have to pay 60% of tax from products of USA or another countries. How wil the value of the device from customs declarations ? Then i will know the price i have to pay in taxes ... Thanks !!!! I'm still not too sure how this really works. As an international backer, if I stop subscription after a year, I have to send the device back? Doesn't sound cost effective to me. If I subscribe until 3rd year, the device is considered belong to me? Is subsequent year also $10 per month? I'm still not too sure how this really works. As an international backer, if I stop subscription after a year, I have to send the device back? Doesn't sound cost effective to me. If I subscribe until 3rd year, the device is considered belong to me? Is subsequent year also $10 per month? Thanks for the response and clarification guys! I'm going to considering this a bit more and see if this will be efficiently useful for me. @Nikul: My understanding is that only if you choose the $ 349, $ 1000 or $ 5000 pledge, the device is yours. Any other option means you pay for a service - the device will be in your house, but it's not yours. So any replacement or defect is "not your problem". Send it back and get a new one. When you stop paying the monthly fee, the device has no more use in your house and has to be sent back. Hope this helps, tob Once getting this device we get our year service, but what if we decide that we do not want to continue with this service? Do we will still keep the device? Also can this be used as an external drive without using the network? In the weird situation I'd like to use it for a time machine backup, would this be possible? Will the monthly cost be $10 going forward after kickstarter? And I saw the replacement info in the FAQ but I didn't see much detail. Will there be a charge on replacement devices? Thought I'd ask, I'm sure it's probably in the comments already. This seems like a pretty cool concept! Will the Space Monkey iOS app automatically upload the photos and videos from my phone to my Space Monkey cloud? Can you watch (stream) videos in the web and mobile clients just like you can in the Mac and Windows clients as shown in the demo video? I plan on uploading a bunch of movies in my library (.mp4s) and watching them in a web browser or in an app on my phone. Thanks. Hi Team, Any updates on the EU certification process for the power unit? Any plans for pen testing the solution, web, mobile and infrastructure? @jens There is a 2TB option already. Plus, I highly doubt the device will only have 1TB of space in them, that would make no sense since if someone store 1TB on it, there would be no place left to store other people content on it. So I wouldn't worry too much about having 3 devices on your desk :) Good point! Would be interested in hearing about this as well. In general: I'd be very interested to see any further updates. The campaign is nearing it's end and things to be quite honest, I expected more official updates / statements and more 'connection' with the backers. @Aron The question is really about what is the value of the Space Monkey for customs purposes. If it's the pledge value, then it is cheaper for me in the UK to pledge at $129 level and then pay for an extra two years at $10 a month than to pledge for three years at $349 because I have to pay 20% tax on the import value but 0% tax on the cost of the service later on. So, by pledging a lower amount and then adding $240 in subscription fees, Space Monkey gets more money (over time) and it costs me less than pledging $349 up front. It's a fairly simple question for SM to answer - what's the value likely to be for customs purposes? I hope there will be some additional statements about increased storage plans. 1TB is not that much and i am definitely not going to put 3 devices with 1TB each on my desk. :( Hi Matthew, I think that largely varies by the country you are receiving the shipment in. I think most info can be found on your local customs service website. For example, I'm located in the Netherlands and according to customs I'd have to pay about EUR 13 + 21% tax on top of my pledge. Hi, Any ideas what the customs fees would be for importing into the EU? Just starting to worry that the bill will suddenly hit when you ship and Space Monkey no longer seems that attractive. One project I backed included all customs fees in the shipping costs to get the product out sooner with no issues. I guess part of the customs fees depends on the value of the product - the pledge is really for the service (3 years at $10 = $360, so at the pledge level of $349 then the device has no value???) How soon after the Kickstarter backers get their devices will subscriptions be open to the backers of a non-subscribing tier/non-backers? Should we keep Device for a 3 years to keep it (pledged 129$)? I second on the t-shirt photos! Also, what color is the Space Monkey device? White or Black - do we pick? @spacemonkey regarding the T-shirts: please! :-) @SpaceMonkey & @thepaul - Thanks for the responses, although I am still confused on exactly what is and is not supported from a sharing perspective. Kerry @Kerry Golden - It may even be an option at some point to integrate btsync into the Space Monkey device, so that the device could sync bidirectionally between a folder on your Space Monkey filesystem and a btsync share. We're not committing to it right now, but we think that could be a really attractive feature. Hey guys - I noticed that BitTorrent Labs recently released a similar solution called Sync (<url>"knows" all the location of all the pieces and manages decryption resp. key-management? What if that server gets hijacked? Thanks again for your answer, I am really looking forward ;) @SM: Will there be an App for Windows Phone? Sorry if this has already been asked.. @Mike C I found this project from kicktraq. It was very high in the "hot list." I think they need more press or something. I have not seen any press about them recently. Is it possible to create sub accounts or partition out SM? Thinking about application within the home to share space between multiple family members and one Space Monkey device....please advise. Thank you! @ Sylvian - yes good idea. I've been following this on Kicktraq and progress has ground to a halt. SM have been marketing the product for 2 years, so when they announced Kickstarter they probably had a large database which would explain the strong initial take up. But since then every day has just got worse. Take a look at the pledges & backers page - <url>#chart-daily Also SM have slowed in their responses to questions. Maybe a reduced stretch goal thats more in line with the lower expected finish might help to stop the slow down? At the current pace, we won't reach 5000 backers, more probably it will end near 3000. Any plan to still support early adopters with some kind of bonus? @Space Monkey, which type of Hard-Drives will you use? Will you use Enterprise or Desktop-Harddrives? And are they running with 5400 rpm or with 7200 rpm? Thank you. How do you handle concurrent access from two (or more) devices? As an example, let's assume I have a spreadsheet that my wife and I both need access to throughout the day, from our own laptops, in different locations. On a local network setup, if one of us opened the spreadsheet, the software (such as Excel) can "lock" the file for editing to prevent conflicts. However, if we were using something like Dropbox, since each of us are essentially working with our own, separate copy of the file, locking is not possible, and conflicts arise if we both happen to be making changes at the same time. Dropbox's solution, should a file be opened on two devices simultaneously and saved with different changes, is to save a second "conflicted" copy. It is then up to the user to find and resolve these conflicts. Does Space Monkey work the same way, or is there something more sophisticated at work since the file is ultimately hosted on a single drive? How does the behavior change, if at all, when one or both of us "pins" the file to our laptop? In the Update #2 you say that there is a Linux desktop client, but on the video from the same update, one of your engineers says that it's a stretch goal. Which one is it? Is it going to be available when you Launch? I'm on Ubuntu, so lack of Linux support would be a huge issue for me. Hi @Space Monkey, Where are pinned/cached files stored on a computer running the client? Is it possible to change this locatioN, say to a secondary HD? Are the files stores in their native formats/structure? Another question: Essentially are we limited by our own bandwidth cap of our networks as the crowdsourced servers provide almost unlimited bandwidth? When we are connecting remotely, do we connect only to the crowdsourced networks and/or direct connection to our space monkey device? Additionally, could you provide a video demo of the iOS app? I don't see the point of any cloud service without a kickass software which I believe you can deliver. I have pledged for my personal use, and I am considering to use this great product for my company also. Where can I find information about the abilities to work as a team. and are you planning to get iOS and Android applications? Hi, please give a Space Monkey app tour that is included in your introductory video. The frustration I have with my current NAS is the inability to easily browse and share my family pictures. Also, the app isn't restricted to be only used in the home network? It also provides offsite access? It looks like Space Monkey seems to mimick Dropbox, which is somewhat of a limitation. We are essentially limited by how much space one's computer has and therefore can't utilize all 1TB of Harddisk space. It doesn't seem like a NAS storage in a sense that all the files will be downloaded to a folder on computer's harddrive. Are you going to make a complementary software to backup computer files in the background much like other backup services such as crashplan? I am mainly buying this system to share family videos and photos but don't necessarily want them in the computer due to my small SSD drive. I really just want to enjoy it wirelessly on my iPad like on the introductory video. Sorry for the lengthy post and keep up the great work! Couple of questions: What happens if I'm away from my laptop/desktop. Working on a public computer. My personal space monkey is offline for whatever reason. I upload a file to the web client and make changes to others. When I turn my space monkey back on will it pick these edits up? Does it push these changes out to the network before my device comes back online? Will there be a future portable client? For example - I'm working again on a public computer. Lots of files that keep changing. I don't want to upload each individually via a webpage. A portable app on a USB with the ability to pin files or folders would be extremely useful to keep these files in sync with the network and my space monkey How much storage space does the $349 pledge level get may I ask? Would you please explain this level a bit? It says buy the device +3 years subscription of something I don't understand. Thanks! Question: do you do a redundant backup? If my files are stored locally, and they are stored (in split up, encrypted pieces) on devices around the world, what happens if my device burns in a house fire, and two people around the world (each of whom have a small part of my files) decide to stop their service and thus shut down their storage device? In other words, when my file is split up into pieces, is each piece stored more than once on others' devices, such that if one piece is not available on device A, it can still be retrieved from device B? love this and backed it. Questions However. 1) My friend comes over to my house copies some files to his space monkey account, does it quickly copy them to mine and begins the back up and copying them to his him device? 2) Same goes with coffee shops, can a coffee shop say "We got space monkey" and place a sticker in their window or something. Thus providing a quick back up and for their customers. 3) Can I have two Space Monkeys for fast data access at both my business and at home. 4) There is no rules agains a family (my husband and I) sharing a space monkey account 5) How spacey is this monkey? @Travis LastPass uses browser-side decryption in javascript, which could certainly be an option for us to be able to provide limited web functionality, but it wouldn't allow us to provide the DLNA/SMB/etc services that we want to add eventually, so I don't think it will end up being a viable solution for all users. It's certainly an option if we end up allowing private user-only keys, though. @Space Monkey I appreciate the response on the encryption keys. I would suggest you look at how LastPass handles their encryption. Their solution, if emulated, would still allow you to provide that mobile/web capability but reduce your liability and ease concerns about privacy. @Space Monkey, Hello, what will happen, if I pledge 349$, receive the 1TB-Model, used it for 3 years and receive the device, but after this 3 years can I use your service for free or must I pay again? Thanks. How do things work if I get 1tb now and I need another gb later? Will you just send new device for me then and I just start paying 10$/month more? At the moment I got approx 900gb of data so I was wondering if I should go straight for the 2tb or not... @SpaceMonkey, Are the hard drives you are bundling in these devices allow them to "spin-down" when not in use? Or is this more hard drive controller specific? Sorry if this has been asked already. @Space Monkey, I have another question too... When I purchase the 1TB model and I want to use the full storage of this harddrive, how will you backup another files from other people? Where will you storage this space? Or have I misunderstood something? Because with the service "Symform" I must give them the double storage, which I want to backup. Can you explain it better? Thanks Your idea is gorgeous. For the user but even more for you, the developers/distributors. You pack up a harddrive, with a piece of electronic that handles the IO and encryption and a nice housing. Next you sell it to your backers/customers for probably the price it has cost you to build the device. So in the first year you will earn next to nothing, the work/costs you spent on developing the alogrithms neglected. I as your customer on the other hand have to power the device 24/7 over the whole year which costs me about 11 per year if the device would only consume 5 watts. So in the first year I have to pay 130-140$. You therefore developed the software, built the device and sent it to me. In the next year I have to pay exactly the same price, probably slightly more with the rising electricity price. You on the other hand have nearly no costs, only providing support so that I can contact you if my device gets broken. Don't get me wrong, I really appreciate your project. As I said I think is gorgeous. But if the scenario is as I have described it the price is really bold for the second and following years. If I am totally wrong, please give us some info about the running costs you will face. (Will you run also some HDDs? If you will, how many will be there? In my scenario I assumed, that you calculate, that most user will only use a tiny part of their Space Monkey device.) Thanks. @Space Monkey, That sounds like a good security feature then, not being able to read the local HDD directly. I would love to know that my data is secure the moment is transfers over to the device, even before it's been distributed to the cloud. If the device was stolen, the data should still be safe. Last week, you said that "pricing is $10/month for each 1TB of space after your initial built-in subscription that comes with the reward level" - would you consider amending that for Kickstarter backers to "pricing is $10/month for each 1TB of space _used_ after your initial built-in subscription that comes with the reward level"? I'd been considering splurging on the 2TB size, but don't know if I'll use it all and don't want to be penalized if I don't - especially since you'd benefit more by having more larger devices out there. Another factor is that we'll be paying upfront, presumably unlike your future users, so you'll have less sunk in the larger device than you would in one that you were having paid off on the installment plan. Just an idea. In your FAQ your have a bit unclear description of what happens to the file when stored to space monkey. Specifically is the file encrypted already on my space monkey drive or is it clear text there? What would it take to access my own files after I take the drive out of space monkey device and attach to my computer? @Space Monkey Can't wait to get my hands on one of these. Thank you again for the awesome Kickstarter Campaign. Also will the desktop clients on Linux integrate with a certain File Manager? @Space Monkey That is great, I have already gotten one that I am going to gift to someone pay the fees and what not but let them have the account, but if this is going to work for ouya I would like to be able to get two 1 Terabyte accounts versus just one account since the other person doesn't like to share much. Do you all plan on releasing an Ouya app since your working on space monkey working on Android? Also can files on space monkey be viewable and playable though something like xbmc? @Space Monkey Thanks for the fast response. Good to know. Can't wait to get my hands on this device. @Moosa I have tried about every service including Bitcasa (paid version). Here is a short list from best to not so good. Dropbox - Great all around but lacks in space and cost is high Sugarsync - Feature rich but space and cost are an issue Cubby - Good (paid also), lacking some of the features but still a new service. Pogoplug - Standard, lots of space (hooked up to drobo), cheap, Cloud service (also paid) super slow Bitcasa - Poor, unlimited space (paid customer), slow, sync have high failure rate. I want a Dropbox like service that does not take up space on my laptop, but I can access at high speeds local and remotely. I am hoping that Space Monkey can mirror some/most of the features of Dropbox with the gallery, mobile app, and sharing. @Space Moneky Thanks Space Monkey for the quick response. I had a feeling about the other services being slow. One other thing I want to know (I have already pledged for a year and for the tshirt) is can you have the terabyte be fully local and online at the same time. What I mean by that is lets say I have the space monkey full of data and my hard drive in my computer is like 90% full and has different data than the Space Monkey device. After having it full of data lets say that my internet goes down for whatever reason. Is it possible to have that data be local on the Space Monkey or at least connect it to the computer in anyway to retrieve files? I hope my question makes sense. You said "primary copy of keys live on the device in your possession, but a copy of those credentials is also needed to provide web app and mobile access". It sounds like for web or mobile access to the files, you need to "recreate" the file on your server and then the mobile device or web browser would connect to your server to retrieve the file. Otherwise, I don't understand why you need to have the keys. Wouldn't be possible to configure it so that the mobile or web app could get the file directly from the Space Monkey at home? I understand that if the Space Monkey at home is not accessible then you wouldn't be able to access the file. But I can live with that. Also how would this be better than bitcasa? Bitcasa is $9 a month also and is $99 for a year. I am just curious what would make this prodcut better. @SpaceMonkey or anyone else who can answer my question What is the main advantage between Spacemonkey and something like crashplan. I love the idea of having a cloud backup that can be easily accessed but crashplan is $1 less a month and you get unlimited data to backup on however many computers you want. I just want to know the major difference. From what I have heard and read it seems that spacemonkey is supposedly faster and that space monkey is more secure and provides protection to the end user in regards to the content they back up. Thanks in advance to anyone who can help answer my question. Cool. Thanks for being laser focussed, guys. Can't wait to get my data on it. :D Hi! At this point, do you have any idea how far behind EU regulatory agreement is? Are we talking weeks or months beyond the July launch date? Thanks, Rod from Ireland. @Joshua Jeeson Daniel- we definitely plan to expose an API. We agree that it could open up lots of uses of Space Monkey that we haven't thought of, and we want our service to be as useful as possible. It's not ready for prime time yet though; we're working on getting everything working smoothly for the basic user experience first! Hello, I am very interested in your project. It seems, that it is the same principle, as it does Symform, with the only difference, that you give us the hardware. But can someone say me, why I should use your service, paying every year, instead of using Symform, paying nothing...(ok, some bytes of my HDD)? What will happen after one year, when I won't pay anymore for your service? And how much does we must pay for your service after the first year? @SpaceMonkey: As for location of Keys. I like all the three ideas. Having a choice of all the three would be ideal. Infact, local storage of keys for certain folders would be nice and useful. Since some data are more precious especially when it is work related and if I am sharing a SpaceMokey with another person. Sharing space could be useful especially in developing markets, where network bandwidth is limited. The reason that I requested for an API is, because it will help further boost innovation. Like for example one could write apps to store some of the data in MEGA to be shared using their technique. or some prefer Dropbox technique of SVN of files. or some may wish to store all their GIT codes in their SpaceMonkey instead of cloud service. or some might also prefer to expand their storage using BitTorrent Sync for certain super large files. Please be more disruptive in cloud\local storage. I understand these maynot fit into your current business model and I am sure you have a business plan. Myself and others too have a vision for SpaceMonkey. This is evident from the huge burst in backing of the tech in the initial few days, But also realise where your business model can be disrupted. Please use the venture fund to also keep pushing SpaceMonkey into market spaces where you havn't yet thought of. Just incase you don't have enough time or resource, API is one solution (a few can't do all) or hire people based on what they wish to see get done with SpaceMonkey to build the brand name. I just wish you understand what I mean and hope you see into the future. It would also be nice if we could have a look at what you see as SpaceMonkey's future. For starters, it would be nice to have a board on your site where people could write what they wished SpaceMonkey could do. Collate them. - A well wisher and enthusiast. Gary Jefferson, I believe Mark Fuccio acted deceptively when he said he was a Transporter backer but failed to disclose his other associations with them. And I am automatically wary of anyone who describes himself as any sort of evangelist. Those things taint his comments and questions here. @Gary Jefferson, Its been a busy day, sorry for my delay in reading your last attack. As stated before, I am not now nor have ever been an employee of Transporter; nor have they paid my any money. I am a technology consultant, evangelist, and enthusiast in business for myself. I'm active in photographic/creative, storage software/hardware, and Apple realms. When I see a technology I'm interested in, I want to learn more about it, and hopefully find a way to improve things for my clients, the communities I'm in, and me. Yes, that is me in the links you posted. (I have a face made for radio, and many are jealous of my charm and good looks. Are you?) As a result of my activities, I know many entrepreneurs, creatives, investors, podcasters, and bloggers. I know the Transporter founders, I was a beta tester, and when they asked me for help, I made some introductions to help them launch their own Kickstarter project. Your attacks on me seem really odd. Given the amount of interest and time you have spent attacking me seems to indicate that you are acting on behalf of SM. Is it because my questions make you uncomfortable? If I had used the term "EC2" would you have dug up my past and accused me of being an Amazon employee? Ditto for the term "virtualization"? My web presence can be spun in many ways. I ask questions out of genuine interest. Based on your personal attacks, and the fact the Space Monkey continues to dance around and not provide answers to questions about its claims Space Monkey has lost me as backer. There are plenty of other startup technologies to support and engage without the unpleasantness here. Adieu. I have to second the question(s) from @Travis Hoyt. Your earlier post to @Robert Mohid talked about consulting with Goggle and PGP but did not say anything about where the encryption keys are. Can Space Monkey be subpoenaed and my data given to law enforcement? Or are you more like Spider Oak where only the user can decrypt their data? Same question re: the tshirt for an early backer. I'd happily pay to cover the tshirt... Same question with Jonathan, does your early backers have to change pledge tier for a t-shirt? Seemed it should be included. It's a great advertising for your early backers to promote your product. Apologies if this was asked elsewhere but where do the encryption keys reside? Does the user have control over those? What will your position be if you maintain the encryption keys and are compelled by various law enforcement agencies to provide those or the data residing in your cloud? Hi guys, awesome project! How much space does the new 349$ option gives you? I saw that there is now a teeshirt + 12 months of service for $129. Will early birds be getting a teeshirt too? or do we need to change our pledge from the early bird to this new level? I'll be disappointed if that is the case. @spacemonkey How will sharing via SM work? Will there be functionality to share a download link to a specific file or folder that non-Space Moneky users could access? Or will you have to share your log-in information in order for a non SM user to access any of your data? Thanks. Hi guys, great project; can't wait to get hands-on experience with this. I'm running WHS 2011, and want to use space monkey to backup some of the folders specified in WHS. Basically, the OS forces you to use predetermined directories for storing certain types of files (i.e. Pictures folder for photos etc). With this in mind, and I saw that it was mentioned before, can symlinks be used within WHS to link the space monkey folders with the "real" file directories? Any updates on how this feature is coming along would be appreciated. @spacemonkey Thanks for the reply. I would appreciate more details about what kind of balance you are aiming for with regards to lawful interception. If you have any legal obligations with regards to the access you are required to provide to law enforcement, please spell them out in the interest of transparency. @Mark Fuccio: so you're saying this isn't you? "Mark Fuccio of Connected Data Marketing told me that while the company is definitely committed to rolling out encrypted folders, the option won't be available for at least three to six months" (<url>"this is a set up and the real Mark Fuccio knows nothing about what I've done here." Good luck. @Mark Fuccio, hey, thanks for your questions! These are totally reasonable things to want to know. I'll do my best to explain. Sorry that our quoted performance measurements sound too vague. But it might not be meaningful to provide more precise measurements on an arbitrary sample network, due to the extreme variation in home network arrangements and speeds. It shouldn't be too surprising to expect upload and download to an endpoint on a LAN to be lots faster than upload and download to some remote host on a WAN, and that's the general point we're trying to make. If it seems like we don't yet know how exactly our system will perform in the field, when the deployed network is much larger than it is, that's because we don't, yet! There are too many vagaries in the behavior of large distributed networks for us to be able to model it to any great degree of accuracy. This is mentioned under the "Risks and challenges" portion of our project page. That said, we have some very talented engineers who have designed and built massive distributed networks and storage systems before, and we have studied the behavior and performance of some very-large-scale similar networks, so we feel like we have a pretty good idea of how things will turn out. And we've left a lot of knobs and valves and adjustable parameters in the system so that we can tune things as necessary as it grows. "Assume I have 500GB of data and and upload of 1Mbps. Please answer expected times (or a range of expected times) for:" "a) How fast will it transfer from my Mac to your box?" As you'd expect, that depends heavily on the nature of your home network, the load on your Mac, and any load that the Space Monkey hardware may be experiencing. If you can transfer data to the device at a rate of 20Mbps and you can leave your Mac constantly connected, it would take (500*1024*8 mebibits)/(20 mebibits/sec)/(86400 sec/day) = around 2.3 days to transfer completely. "b) How much data am I uploading? is 100GB? Or is it 10GB * 40 (the number of copies you say that you spray). Do I upload 40 pieces to every box that you want to spray?" You said you had 500GB, so you'll be uploading at least that much to the network. No, there won't be 40 copies sprayed to the network- there will be 40 or so (depending on how we tune parameters) "fragments", all of which are much smaller than the original file. In all, the Space Monkey device will need to upload between 500GB-1000GB to the internet. "c) How long will it take to upload data? Is it bandwidth limited, or is transfer starved by the CPU power in the Monkey Box?" Assuming you mean the time to upload from the Space Monkey device to other nodes for the remote redundant storage, of course it depends on your upload bandwidth and any other load the device is experiencing. With the 1Mbps you mentioned, the upload bandwidth will almost certainly be the bottleneck, not the device's processing power. This upload process should be pretty transparent, though; as a user, you probably won't need to know or care how the device->internet upload is going. "d) if my box dies, how long until you ship a replacement unit?" As soon as we can! In the meantime, you still have access to your data over the network. It will probably be slower, but even remote access is generally fast enough to stream video in our tests. "e) How much data needs to be downloaded? What multiple over my initial data? You say you spray 40 pieces, how many of them are unique?" I think you mean the amount of data you'd need to download after receiving your replacement device. You'd only need to re-download your 500GB; you wouldn't need to download anything extra. With respect to the quoted erasure coding scenario, all 40 pieces would be unique, but not all would be necessary to reconstruct your original data. "f) How long will it take to download all the data?" Well, let's do some math. If you can get a sustained incoming data transfer rate of 10Mbps with your connection, it would take (500*1024*8 mebibits)/(10 mebibits/sec)/(86400 sec/day) = around 4.5 days. The transfer rate could also be limited by the speeds of the remote connections, but since our device can choose the fastest half of the ~40 available remote nodes for each file or block, and download from all of them simultaneously, your own download speed will likely be the limiting factor. "g) is there a way that I can prioritize the files/folders that I want to download first?" Sure- you'll have access to all your files and folders, even before your replacement device arrives. You can start downloading them anytime. Hope this helps. Hi @Gary Jefferson, Your post to/about me is surprising. Can you help enlist folks at @SpaceMoney to answer my legitimate questions? I am not and have never been an employee of any Space Monkey competitor, or of Transporter which you list by name. I did back their Kickstarter project, by first purchasing one unit, and then more more units as that company actively answered questions posed by the Kickstarter community. The Space Monkey value proposition -- $10/month -- is appealing, but are there hidden costs? I am not the only backer here asking questions about how the product and service works. To you, Gary Jefferson, I apologize that Space Monkey's claims, offered without support, lead me to characterize their offering using colorful language like "ponzi scheme", or "marketing spin" As a child I was always taught "if something seems too good to be true, it probably is." Without vigorous question and answer repartee how can we properly evaluate Space Monkey's offering. Let us let Space Monkey and others carry on helping the rest of us understand how their system really works. @SpaceMonkey Love the concept, and I have two questions: 1) How will data copied to spacemonkey impact my upload cap? Will a 100 megabyte file consume 400 megs of my cap? 2) Have you implement lawful interception capabilities to comply with requests for user data from law enforcement? @SpaceMonkey: I just wanted to say thank you for that detailed reply. Is that the @Mark Fuccio from Transporter? I wondered why you were so negative, so I just looked at your comment history. Let me summarize: first you came to plug the company you work for (which is undoubtedly a Space Monkey competitor, although looks like it didn't do quite as well with its implementation or Kickstarter campaign), then you complained that you thought "some monkey is sucking up my bandwidth," then it was on to some vague aspersions about security problems, then you claimed Space Monkey was just doing "marketing spin," then you went back to talking about Transporter, then you called Space Monkey a ponzi scheme, then something about how the company wasn't going to work out financially and not liking a business plan (which I guess you have a copy of somewhere?), and now you seem to be sowing FUD about performance. It seems like you may be in violation of the Kickstarter Community Guidelines: "Dont harass," and "If you don't like a project, don't back it. No need to be a jerk." But even if not, or if you don't care about that, I don't know that your approach is really going to appeal to people to try out Transporter, since many of your Fears and Uncertainties apply equally to that product. And it comes across as a little desperate... just my two cents. Thanks for the response about wifi. It seems to me that most techies (who are probably a majority of your target audience) are using laptops these days. I'm hard pressed to find any desktop computers around me. My laptop has to connect to the router over wifi anyway, so transfers are capped anyway. My internet upload/download speeds are also slower than my wireless connection, so wired connection doesn't help other Monkeys either. There is also safety issue, as my router is located near the entrance, so any person visiting my house could "borrow" my Space Monkey device (as I share a house, I don't know everyone who gets in and out, visiting my housemates etc.) It would be amazing if I could plug wifi dongle into the USB port and keep it in some safer place. @SpaceMonkey, Please help me understand what it would be like to use your box in my business. You keep making vague statements like this one: "We've clocked already at 12x-15x faster than most cloud services, but based on some raw performance testing, expect to be able to boost that to 30-60x by release or shortly thereafter." Please provide some real numbers. Vague claims make it appear to me like you don't know how your system performs in the field, or that you are grasping at unspecified, and potentially meaningless comparisons, just to have a big multiple in your favor. Please help the backers and would-be backers understand in more detail how your service+box works. Assume I have 500GB of data and and upload of 1Mbps. Please answer expected times (or a range of expected times) for: a) How fast will it transfer from my Mac to your box? b) How much data am I uploading? is 100GB? Or is it 10GB * 40 (the number of copies you say that you spray). Do I upload 40 pieces to every box that you want to spray? c) How long will it take to upload data? Is it bandwidth limited, or is transfer starved by the CPU power in the Monkey Box? d) if my box dies, how long until you ship a replacement unit? e) How much data needs to be downloaded? What multiple over my initial data? You say you spray 40 pieces, how many of them are unique? f) How long will it take to download all the data? g) is there a way that I can prioritize the files/folders that I want to download first? Also: "SpaceMonkey: Note that any problems you encounter with your ISPs caps and bandwidth in Space Monkey would also be problems you'd hit with any other cloud service." True, but I think a difference here is your device is not just a host for your files, but others as well. In this setup, I don't "want" to throttle other's from getting their encrypted data, but have full (not throttled) access to my files from my device and theirs. I think that is unfair for this distributed cloud service. It's just that ISP's force me (and ultimately you too since you need to handle that in your design) to do so. Anyways, the only way it can get better in this regard is the more people that use this. I don't see any other way. :) I noticed you answered a question almost similar to mine. So just to provide some closure for those who were waiting on my question to be answered: Original question: "After searching for the word "own" on both the comments section and the homepage, I am still unaware of what are the advantages of continually paying a subscription and never owning the device versus paying for it initially. Can you provide more details on this or is this something you haven't figured out yet? Thanks in advance." Paraphrased answer: "We still don't know yet. It will depend on economics and viability. We will keep you updated." Thanks. 3b) What does sync look like outside the home LAN look like? If I'm at Starbucks and drag a file to the Web interface, does that send it first back to my house, or first out to the monkey cloud? How about if I drag it to the Space Monkey folder from Starbucks? Thanks again, this is all very interesting stuff. Is it possible to use Space Monkey without plugging it directly into router using Ethernet cable? Does it come with Wifi module? It would be great if I could plug it with Ethernet cable to my laptop, configure and then let it connect to my Wifi network and work with just power cable. What hard drive are you putting in the device? what is the RPM and the cache size? @Space Monkey, How long can the Space Monkey network function without Space Monkey Central? I understand the need for a central authority, reflector service, and web portal, but if we lose Utah, do the Monkeys know enough about their peers to continue uploading and healing the distributed copies of their data? Any stretch goals ? or, more precisely "All questions should be phrased in the form of a question" :) "All comments should be phrased in the form of a question" - 1) Would you walk us through the initial sync to Space Monkey? 1a) It'll take a while for things to us all to share our content out to 40 other machines, right? 2) Do you anticipate some way of starring new content to be sync soonest or most often? 3) Do you anticipate using a port or protocol that would likely be blocked on a corporate network? 4) Can you commit to providing a workaround for symlink-like functionality for Windows at the time of launch? 5) Should I buy a 2TB one now or in a year? Thanks! Another one: With some ISP, you don't pay for bandwidth usage during the night hours. Would the device software be able to take advantage of that? You mentione that spacemonkey tries hard to only use excess bandwidth, but on average, how much bandwidth is used, and what is the minimum used monthly? It could have a big impact on ISP bills.(Here in canada, a regular plan includes btw 60-100 Gigs with the majors ISP) Also, we're still mostly stuck at 1 Mbps on the upload speed, won't that be a huge problem when you upload , say, 100 gigs on the device and it tries to replicate it on the network? - When have you purchased it? - What will it cost to purchase? - Who's paying for the return shipment? For example: shipping it back from The Netherlands will cost an extra 25! I dont think any of these have been answered but sorry if they have. What is the port speed 10/100 (Fast Ethernet) or 10/100/1000 (Gigabit)? what is the speed of the drive (RPMs)? what kind of read/write speeds do you hope to achieve? All basically the same question, I want to know how fast it will be. I'm sorry if this has been answered already but I have a question about the possibility of streaming videos I have on the cloud. Will video streaming be a possible feature? or is it more likely along the lines of download then play? I was thinking maybe something like Plex but in the cloud. Thanks Hello Space Monkey, I have a few questions. 1) Will you be proactive with SMART drive monitoring and replacement? It could be a lot smoother if devices were replaced, when possible, before failing. 2) Will the local copy of the data on the drive be encrypted using our key? It could help address the concerns of protecting our data on drives that had to be returned due to failure. 3) Will the local copy on the device be usable by us on our local network during times when our Internet connection is down? 4) Will you make it stated policy that the devices become property of the clients should the service shut down? Thanks, Mark @Eugene & Y. Chung: I think you misunderstood this Kickstarter. You are pledging for a service here, not for a harddisk "own". Owning the harddisk would make no sense here. @Space Monkey Thanks for that update, agree about converget encyption (from what I understand about it ;), makes sense and is reassuring. I guess the 2 factor authentication will also help add extra security in the case of web services Hey Space Monkey, Do you use some kind of deduplication with regards encryption (convergent encryption?) and/or do you compare files with existing content / check files in anyway before they are encrypted and uploaded? What type of information do you have access to about the files/content on a persons drive/account? I work with advertising agencies and clients and would not want anyone accessing any of the data even filenames that can reveal project names etc. Thanks, John Hey, I've just read through the past 4 days of comments in newest to oldest order, and kind of forgot some of my questions in the process of reading answers before questions... Could you recap some of the big ones on the home page in the questions section or in an update? I think the only real question I still have is should I get the 2TB option now so I have room to grow, or what are some of the ideas you're kicking around for upgrading space in 6 months or a year? And is the 2TB plan $20 a month? If so, even if I only start out using 300GB? I do like the idea of being able to "star" files or folders for priority syncing with the Monkey Cloud. I can't remember who suggested that. Hi Space Monkey: (i) Will the software allow me to sync selected folders on my Space Monkey drive to another computer? E.g. lets say I have a work folder on my Space Monkey drive (connected to my home PC), will I be able to use the software on my work PC to sync this specific folder? Or would I need to download the file from the browser and then re-upload the newer version all via the web? (ii) Are we going to be able to choose the colour of the device? Would also like to know if we can purchase the device outright. After searching for the word "own" on both the comments section and the homepage, I am still unaware of what are the advantages of continually paying a subscription and never owning the device versus paying for it initially. Can you provide more details on this or is this something you haven't figured out yet? Thanks in advance. The 2 step authentication is a great idea. Google authenticator works great for gmail and lastpass. a two way verification for user accounts on the device/network, would be amazing to keep it even safer (gmail, dropbox, app.net) Yeah, 99 would be nice for 1TB and a year subscription, but after that year the hdd is still theirs and they might want it back, so no, the deal isn't that great for early birders Hey guys, any stretch target rewards in the plans? - When have you purchased it? - What will it cost to purchase? - Who's paying for the return shipment? For example: shipping it back from The Netherlands will cost an extra 25! You should be able to use services like Crashplan in combination with the Space Monkey. Crashplan has the option to select a local folder or networked folder as a backup destionation. Sorry for the comment below. Wrong project! If you are considering selling your watch on ebay, you'd better move quickly. The following is on Pebble's Forum dated 17 April: EYEIS: @eric, @joseph could I get a confirmation on this? Will you honor the warranty if the pebble was bought on eBay? JOSEPH: There are extra verification steps, but we are currently supporting people who have purchased Pebbles from third-party sites. Note the word "currently". Great product...Could you use this as a backup service similar to Mozy or carbonite? As a Stretch Goal, would you consider a different model using a Laptop HDD that could be powered by USB? There's only ~$15 difference in retail drive price between a 1TB 3.5 and 1TB 2.5 It's a bit ridiculous if Kickstarter rules prohibit a dual offering. I can understand restrictions, but let's be reasonable here.. Will pinned files be accessible natively on the computer's file system, outside of the Spacemonkey mount? I can see use cases where the computer won't be offline, but it would be detrimental to have an application working against the full set of files if they aren't already cached. The new beta of Lightroom, for example, allows for the editing of images even when the source files are unavailable. At any given time I would like to have only a subset of images kept locally on my laptop, and by aiming the catalog at the image files directly on the HD, rather than through the SpaceMonkey mount, Lightroom would see that the files weren't available and rely on its local previews rather than making the filesystem calls and having SpaceMonkey reach out over the network. @the paul what you said makes sense. @Space Monkey some of your answers put my mind at ease. Some of them .. not so much. Not sure why you think other solutions ( I mentioned Crashplan) don't employ cryptography. I'm the only one with the keys to decrypt my Crashplan store. Any chance you can respond regarding the geographic distribution of the primitives? Personally I never want my data in the cloud outside of the USA. I want it subject to only US law. Even better is those distributed primitives never leave NJ. 2 questions: Could it be powered by USB? Than you don't have to worry about different countries. Most routers have an extra USB port and else you an use an adapter. What if I quit after a year? (or 2/3/4) Will I have to return the device? What if I wont return it? Who pays for shipping? Shipping abroad could be very expensive... @Space Monkey & @ the paul Thanks for all the feedback and all sounds great. I work on managing large software and web based projects and I'm really impressed, with what has gone far beyond simple specifications and prototype. Can't wait to get my hands on one over here in France, if you need any testing done ;) @the paul, good to know that there is small print further down that makes more sense... Are there any plans on implementing mobile features like Dropbox for iOS currently does? It would be great to 'automatically' upload my mobile photos to my Space Monkey device to a folder I can specify. @Khrt: Space Monkey may not be too different from your custom solution, especially if you have the necessary VPNing or tunneling to allow mounting your external hard disk remotely when you're away from home. Space Monkey probably will make the experience a little more seamless, though, with the client software you'd run on your laptop. It will manage a configurable amount of cached data, so that that stuff will be available without a network connection. When you access a file that's not cached, the client software can get it either from your device or from half of the other copies on the network, whichever is faster. Our client software will also run on mobile devices, so you'll be able to (say) stream music from your Space Monkey device to your phone. There will also be some better reliability numbers with Space Monkey, since Space Monkey can survive the destruction of any 10-20 (depending on how we tune the parameters over time) devices holding parts of your data without losing any of it. That may not be a very important consideration, though, if you aren't worried about Crashplan's servers going down. @John Garner: you've missed some of the guidelines; farther down, under "Hardware and Product Design guidelines", it says hardware projects are limited to one per pledge. We tried to include a pack of 5 devices as a small-business/family-type reward, but Kickstarter put the kibosh on that. Regarding the special edition- yep, I believe that the lucky few who pledged at the $1,000 level do get to choose which design they would like to have. We don't have any immediate plans to support upgrading the internal disk capacity or switching it to an SSD, but it could be a possibility if there is demand. (I work for Space Monkey, but I don't speak for the company; this is just my own understanding) What if I cancel my subscription? We'll give you a pro-rated refund on your subscription once the device is sent back. What happens to the data on the device? After the device is returned does the user get a refund for the cost of the device? 1TB hard drives are cheap. Kyle. Crashplan seeded my backup so it didn't take forever to get my 900GB into their cloud. Once that was done my Crashplan software does the rest. Restoring is quick Crashplan sends me a drive with my data. Yes there is a cost but there are no network dependiess. Crashplan is unlimited storage for $50/year. Crashplan also supports distributed backup across the Internet e.g. to my brother's home in Connecticut. CrashPlan lets you back up to Code 42's global data centers, other external drives and friends' computers anywhere in the world. <url>"seed service" is simply placing the data onto an external hard drive and sending it back, and they're charging $125 for the pleasure... Space Monkey provides local network access to files as if it were a NAS, while silently backing up to the P2P cloud that the devices have created. This is constant, as opposed to the single seed offered by CrashPlan. Also, there is no initial charge, just the $10 a month fee... Again, Pogoplug also requires an initial outlay for the device. At the end of the day, both solutions are still utilising big data servers. Space Monkey is using the devices to create a cloud with distributed devices that they can monitor and update silently, without the user having to care. As they have stated, overall it works out cheaper for them, with them being able to drop the price as more devices are added to the network. Some questions about how data is stored / distributed across the network components? I live in New Jersey. 1. Is my data stored across units in New Jersey or distributed a cross the USA or the world? There are legal jurisdictional concerns when your data is scattered around the world. Would it be possible that the FBI or some other governmental agency have access to my data stored on some suspects hard drive? Will the FBI show up at my door to seize my hard drive because some criminal used Space Monkey for some illegal purpose -- music or movie piracy or worse child porn -- and part of his/her data is stored on my Space Monkey device? 2. When Sandy hit New Jersey most of the state was in the dark for a long time. Would access to data become an issue in that scenario? 3. Can someone claim ownership of my data stored across the system? I've got a lot more questions like this. I'd really like to understand how Space Monkey is unique. Based on what I read here I get a feeling it's no different than Pogoplug ( <url>"Projects cannot offer rewards in bulk quantities (more than 10)." I feel this is either poorly phrased ie somthing like "You cannot pledge double or more to obtain double or more" rewards or "a project creator cannot promise more than 10 of a given product for a single pledge", or you can offer multiples up to, but no more than 10. So as is, I would expect the guidelines to allow you to create a pledge with reward level that can allow more than one item so say "$238 to get 2 Space Monkeys of 1TB", the same for the limited edition level. I don't feel the wording of the policy is clear enough and could benefit from at least a few examples if not changed. Hi there, have a few questions (sent these as a message too): - Do you use software or hardware encryption? - Have you planned for a 2 prong EU plug (ie Germany and France)? - For the limited edition I've pledged, is it possible to choose from the designs (really like the BTTF design)? - If I want to get 2 can I double up on the pledge or do I need to ask a friend to pledge for me? - Is it possible to upgrade the disk to a larger capacity later on or even use an SSD? Glad to be part of the project :) Hope to see some interesting stretch goals now in the updates... Hi bakers, as explained so many times: Kickstarter doesn't allow any kind of "multi-rewards". However Space Monkey is free to gave us the possibility to add some 'extra' device AFTER the official campain. So stay tuned, maybe we'll het this options in the final suvery :) Great product...Could you use this as a backup service similar to Mozy or carbonite? Where are the stretch goals? I think with twice as much pledged to the project we should get special Kickstarter green units. :) Doh.. I just saw the response! pretend like these two posts don't exist Is it possible to use this device in offline mode? do you consider platinum subscription to be available later for a lower price? 5000 is a bit too much. Will a user have access to their data from the network of backups if their Space Monkey is not online (ie dead disk or no active network connection)? If not, does a user have to wait to get a replacement Space Monkey to restore their data? @T.Rob - look farther down, under "Hardware and Product Design guidelines". Sorry I am from the Asia pacific region.. What are the chances that local companies or telcos of region outside US start providing or selling the same service/concept as yours? Do you have plans to add multi user support, some kind of family pack? Anyway the idea is genius, hope realization does not disappoint. Oh and also, what tier is considered platinum? Oh and again regarding the HDD questions, if the device were indeed upgrade to something like a 3TB HDD, if partitioned to 1TB : 2TB, would partitioning ruin the usability of the device or would it operate half local storage only and half Space Monkey usable? I understand that the USB port is currently only for maintenance but is there any reason that we could not use it to transfer data to the internal hard drive which is then copied to the cloud? Something like USB 3.0 would seem handy here but perhaps I am misunderstanding how the device is accessed since it seems to be transferring via a wireless router from what I can see? Also, since it seems that just a normal Barracuda 1TB Hard Drive is being used, hypothetically, what would happen if a user were to swap it with a Barracuda 2TB? Would the network resync up to the 1TB limit and ignore the rest or perhaps use the additional space for network storage? Would you even allow us a user to do something like upgrade to say even a 3TB HDD using 1TB for persona usage and donating the other 2TB to network storage of other users data? So many questions but it is a very interesting product nonetheless! @The Paul - The link you provided says bulk quantities are "more than 10." I suggested 2 which certainly qualifies as less than 10 so no problem, right? One reward package consisting of two units. One to keep, one for a friend. What I can't figure out is how they get enough redundancy in the system splitting the drive 50/50. One would think that for each byte stored, you need two or more in the network to withstand random node outages. Perhaps the system assumes everyone hosts more than they store? I'm located in Canada and pledged an extra $10 for shipping outside of the US. I just want to confirm that this is the same for Canada. I only ask because sometimes projects include Canada in the free shipping. Your project looks exciting and I managed to pre-order an early bird unit (yay!). However, I would have preferred to pledge for Two 1Terabyte units if that option were available (one for myself and another as a gift). =( What is the platinum subscription ? Alan and Clint: Awesome job, I am looking forward to get my device and start using it! Except from the service, the device also looks amazing! Kudos! Quick question: You said that each file is split and distributed across 40 devices. What happens when one of those 40 devices is temporarily down, or behind a really slow connection and you want to access one of the files from outside your local network? @T.Rob - I believe Kickstarter won't allow multi-pack rewards for hardware like that; they don't want to become a preorder platform. <url>"move your folders into the Space Monkey folder, then link them from outside Space Monkey ". Will you support use of symbolic links? Can I make a Documents folder in spacemonkey and symlink it to my real Documents folder? That way I can do this on all my computers and not have to mess with actively moving folders on the Spacemonkey. I prefer using my storage that way. I'm with Eugene on the Data Cap question. Posed it myself via personal question. Just wanting to find out what testing has shown to make sure I don't lose my internet connection due to some cap getting hit. Also will I be able to choose which folders sync? I have a speedy but small SSD on one PC and love this option. I have 3 questions, one of them that was asked but I don't see it replied to yet: 1. What sort of codecs do you support. I am interested in FLAC playback (locally and from the "cloud") 2. My ISP has a data cap (Cox Communications). I know I can manage my own usage to my files when I am away, but I am wondering for other's encrypted pieces stored on my device. If they are requesting those files too frequently (on purpose or not), wouldn't that increase more network activity (lots of uploads) on my end? How do you handle this? 3. The device comes with 1TB and 2TB configurations. For 1TB configurations, do I get the full 1TB? If so, how are other's encrypted pieces stored on my device. Is there a reserved partition? If so, how large does it consume? I really hope you guys provide SMB support. I see that it is something that you are currently adding/working on, but then reading further down the page in the Q&A section, it seems as if it was future work. Can you clarify that please. Thank you. Kind of bummed that I didn't get the Early Bird special as I was too busy trying to search for these answers. Would I be able to access my music files from the cloud, for playback on applications - i.e. iTunes? The problem then is that the updat-ion would be dependent that specific machine, which ain't good. So please consider a dopbox integration if you are convinced. Don't forget customers do appreciate certain benefits of other storage systems like dropbox, Mega.co.nz, for their stronpoints. (I am not undermining ability of spacemonkey, these are genuine needs of mine). Infact, if I hope spacemokey will also release an api like dropbox for future development (3rd party). That way, I could also store my GIT files (and data from other services) in my spacemokey instead of their cloud service in future. I am hoping to see spacemonkey take over as my main HDD. So, when I wish to share a folder, it would be ideal, if spacemokey would also let me automatically upload that file to my Mega.co.nz account and provide me with that link. That way I am able to choose any type of authentication system while sharing and as well make my life easy to have space monkey be at the center of my universe. :) --------- This is in reply to : Creator Space Monkey about 5 hours ago @Joshua Jeeson Daniel, you can actually just tell Dropbox to use a folder inside of Space Monkey, and then those files will live in both services. No plugin required. Aaron, you've nailed it. Execution is the key to success. These guys have already written about things that other project creators haven't even thought about until months after original shipping dates have slipped. For example, look at the Pebble fiasco and EU customs issues. Give the Early Birds something spezial - like they can keep the devices or get 2 Years for free... but only one Year? oO please an App for WP8 I've seen there are two versions of the device: black and white. Are users going to be able to choose the colour of their device? Thanks Space Monkey ... I love the idea of your product and have lots of faith in your capacity to execute. Fantastic idea! Really excited to get my hands on one! - Any more thoughts on the price plan/grandathering etc for the early bird/first backers? As was mentioned earlier and you commented on its not a huge discount ($21 for the early birds like myself) for investing in an, as of yet, unproven (commercially) product. Cheers! Apologies if this has been covered already. But are items in the SpaceMonkey folder also stored locally? Or are they always pulled from the device over the network? Thanks for your prompt response. But, again I'm still struggling with the model. A traditional hardware company uses cash to make the product, then sells the product, and gets paid for the product (and hopefully makes some profit as well). In your model you pay for the product, then return to positive cash flow 1 year + down the line. Profit is required to maintain shareholder value, but cash from operations is required to stay in business. I'm worried that the drain on cash flow becomes even worse if you are wildly successful. Again there can only be one outcome to this - customers will have to pay more in years 2 and 3. At $10 per month, your service is attractive. At $20 or $30 per month (which is my guess as you only offer a 1 year contract) you will lose customers, then your model of spraying data to others will also come under strain. Or (again) your customers will become Google or HP customers when you sell out in 12 months. Right now I'm not sold as I need long term solutions for my customers. @Mark F - your math makes sense to me. Something here just doesn't make sense. To have a cost of $11, per $1 of revenue tells me that something will have to change. To me this is simple ..... either customers will have to pay more (looks at every fee based service on the market ... costs go up every year), or the company will get thousands of users, then get flipped to a large Storage company or an ISP - then customer costs will definitely go up! Either way, $10 per month will have to go up for the company to stay in business. I might let this one go when Space Monkey releases it's pricing plans. If they commit to a 3 year, $10 per month contract to customers, then it will make me feel a bit better. @Space Monkey, Looking at my question from last night I didn't realize how incoherent it was, thanks for the reply. I do have additional questions about security, if you are willing From your website: "Unlike traditional cloud storage providers, Space Monkey does this in a way that is verifiable and auditable by anyone with the inclination to do so, providing provable protection of your privacy and security." Do you have any additional information on the "verifiable and auditable" portions of the security? I would be interested in a white paper describing your approach [or possibly the research you based your process on] and policies regarding physical security, key management, authentication procedures, etc. I hope this isnt proprietary and you can share your methods. PS. I think you guys have a great product and anxiously await my unit in the mail! Thanks! Hi there, Two questions if you don't mind. 1. If I fill up the 1TB, is there a path to bump to 2TB? What happens to the drive that I have? 2. I am currently using the Dropbox app to consume and store all my devices photos and videos from the camera roll. Will SpaceMonkey do the same automatically, in the background? Thank you Will I be able to create a symbolic link from our Spacemonkey folder that exists on our computer to another drive? For example using the mklink command to make our Documents folder symlinked to the Spacemonkey so that when any whenever I change something inside my documents folder it will change on the Spacemonkey? I don't want to have to be putting all my files into the space monkey folder. It would be nice to just link some files to it so that I can use my computer like I normally would. I know this is possible on some other cloud storage sites. If it is not available I think it would be a great addition to add. For me it would make the difference between using it and not using it, I know it is also important to others. Is this space monkey subscription auto renewal once you subscribe? Is this device becomes useless once subscription ends? Space monkey: Please give me the ability to turn off "offsite" back for some folders... as your video shows, people will likely store lots of random crub on their spacemonkey that has zero importance if it get's lost or deleted and I don't want to waste bandwidth and space on things that are not important.. in fact, Id love to default to not backing up.... and force backup on a bunch of important folders. Wishing for a dropbox plugin, whereby, I can sync my 2GB dropbox data with SpaceMonkey. For reasons, I do not know yet, if I happen to prefer the software of Dropbox for critical data, it would be a great addition. That way, my 2gb of critical data would be safe with dropbox datacenter and as well as in space monkey. I would be very pleased, if I could get this ability. :) Would be very interested in hearing about EU powersupply. Additionally: * What happens / should happen with the device if the subscription ends? * Imagining storage 5 years from now, 1TB might not be that much at that point. Will replacement drives be made available? Will I be able to wire in my own HDD? Would be very interested in hearing about this. * Is there a minimum contract length? * Returning the device if it fails does not really seem okay with - theoretically - 1TB of data sitting on it. * In case of theft, it would be nice to have the ability to remotely wipe the 'mother' HDD while maintaining the synced cloud data. Is this scenario handled, somehow? Is the local HDD encrypted in any form? * Any further information regarding hardware + software specs would be really nice. What about power? Will there be a EU powersupply OR do we have to use a converter? Correction the figure for 323k is for three years not two since that's two years of profit with no hardware costs but hardware will be the cost of a year. Because people keep asking this ill just put this here (note I am not associated with space monkey in any way). <url>"dead man walking." Please prove me wrong and show how your business plan avoids running out of cash. Nice concept, i see the benefits over the basic cloud services, box.net, dropbox etc. but how does this compare to pogoplug? Pogoplug has local and cloud storage with their service, ive been using it for over two years for personal and work storage and its amazing. I bought the pogoplug device for 50 bucks and added 3 USB hard drives for a total of 2.5 gbs, which is then networked with the cloud storage of 5gb for free. If you want more you can pay 4.95 a month for unlimited storage! yes unlimited well i think it says 953TB haha so yeah thats pretty unlimited to me! pogoplug also uses the archiving of amazon glacier at i think 1 cent a GB... the only benefit i see over pogoplug would be the redundancy between multiple devices and locations rather then maybe 1 central location that pogoplug might have for all their customers. I am no way affiliated with them just been a happy customer for awhile now. @ Space Monkey What I mean is will we be able to access the MAC address without it connecting to the Internet. That way I can get the MAC address and contact the IT helpdesk to allow it past the login portal even if I haven't connected my device to the internet. One update to my pros and cons list. Con: - If the user buys out the device you will lose out on potential set it and forget it customers. Aka people who purchase a service and then forget about it and just let themselves be charged for it for years or just use it somewhat and don't want to change because they are comfortable. Think of all the people who still use Internet Explorer because they are too scared of trying something new. If they buy out the device you wont continue to get revenue from them on a recurring basis. @Space Monkey Will the device have a MAC Address that we can access? For example of many campus networks you have to use a web interface the first time you connect a device to the network, or have the IT department white list the MAC Address. How will users who live on campus universities be able to connect there device? @ Space Monkey I was going to reply on Twitter but don't have enough room to right this out :P. Anyways as a thought if you went with a purchase model it has some interesting benefits for you. Pros: - Storage prices keep getting cheaper and cheaper so you are cutting losses and eventual decrease in pricing for your service by having the user buy it all upfront. Think of it as having the option to lease a car to someone you know will drastically decrease in volume or being able to sell it for a premium right away with an included maintenance plan. - Your overhead is relatively low even for those who buy out because its all P2P (excluding your web interface, and analytics). - As programs become bigger, and images and video become higher quality people will need more space to store their things so as time goes on users will need to purchase more storage devices from you. - As the device is used its lifetime goes down so if the user breaks the device, or the dreaded hard-drive fail happens then they will need to purchase a whole new one. Neutral: - Your losing out on a constant revenue stream. Think taking a one time payout after winning the lottery compared to getting more over time. (Though in the case of winning the lotto a one time payout is always better because money depreciates in value and as I stated above the cost of storing data will continue to go down so the 1 TB plan your selling for 10 USD now wont be worth that much a year from now, though you are the lowest in the market and therefore have a wide gap to control your pricing). But at the same token this product could be replicated (unless you have patents) pretty easily by other companies therefore creating more competition and causing you to have to lower if not eliminate prices. In my opinion I can see competition definetly coming out of the woodwork, especially after the success your already having. What will be the thing that a potential competitor could use to beat you out is have a buyout method like your contemplating. I personally am not too interested in a buyout method because in the long run it will cost me more with the advancement of storage. They can already store tons of data on DNA cells and the advent of SSD's is driving down the price of HDD's. What it comes down to for which makes more business sense for you guys is whether you have a patent on your technology. Because if competitors can duplicate your product they are going to try and price gouge you and of course sell the product as a one time fee. But if not then you can control your pricing and market the product however you want (especially since cloud storage is still relatively expensive compared to your prices). Anyways if you want more feedback from me feel free to send me a PM. @ Bryan C according to a GizModo release you will be able to pin both files and folders. <url>"Because Space Monkey splits your files up into little pieces after theyve been encrypted and spreads those security-locked pieces out to geographically diverse locations, it is largely immune to Mother Nature-caused outages." How many locations is each "piece" spread to? Surely it's more than one (not counting your own). Another thing: what if I only want to backup with my friends and family? This builds on my earlier question: how do you guarantee that I can get my files when I need them if you are spraying them in pieces to anonymous other boxes? Congratulation, you will reach the goal on the first day!!!! Quick question, something that all the other cloud services fail to offer easily, will spacemonkey support TimeMachine Backup from a mac? This alone would make it have a HUGE market. What happens if my Space Monkey box dies? I don't want to return a disk with my files on it, especially since there is no way to tell if the disk is OK and your electronics died, or vice versa. How do I open the box and remove the disk? This doesn't sound very secure. Hey Space Monkeys - Interesting project. I'll increase my pledge level if you can convince me the system will be reliable. You cut up my data, encrypt it, and they spray it to other systems. What GUARANTEE do you provide that my files will be available when I want them? How can i control how much bandwidth you use spraying pieces of other files onto my box? I don't want my net usage to suffer because some monkey is sucking up my bandwidth. Mark I am looking forward to being a small part of this product as an Early Bird. Add me to the list of people who also think Early Birds should get T-Shirts. But I would rather see a longer amount of initial service, like 18 months or 2 years for the Early Birds. I also wonder if you thought about stretch goals (new dollar amount goals). You could increase service time and or size of device based on that. I supported a USB device on KS that I think started at 4GB and went up to 16GB because of the total amount raised. Just an idea I wanted to share. Definitely prefer 'renting' the drive than owning it. We need off-site storage anyway, and $10 is a fair price for that alone, having a local drive we don't have to worry about maintaining beyond keeping up the subscription is a bonus to us. How will Space Monkey handle DMCA request? Hi Space Monkey, Please correct me if I am wrong but although the storage is noted as 1 TB, I am guessing the actually total HD capacity is much larger to accommodate the distributed 'pieces' from other devices. What is the size of the HD included with the device? Have there been any modeling as to the bandwidth used by to store/retrieve other 'pieces'? When accessing my data remotely ( ie mobile) does the data come from my device directly or from the distributed cloud pieces? Thanks in advance. It does seem that a $20 saving is a bit of a small incentive for the first people willing to test your new service... I'm guessing that there are a lot of others like me that have stumped up because it's our first chance to try out the service :P I think that, in line with previous comments, extending the early bird subscription to 18 months would make a more appropriate reward. In terms of the subscription vs. ownership - I think it would be nice to see users offered the choice. The advantage of subscription is that the user never has to care about the device, if it breaks it will be replaced, if a new version comes out (I assume) that it will be replaced, etc. However, it would still be nice to be able to buy the device outright. One other question - are there any plans to offer any developer access to a users data? I.e., for creating services that interact with a users data in the sudo-cloud, like the current clients that you have developed. Need to make a native connection for the file manager on BlackBerry 10 like dropbox and box currently have. I know a lot of us early backers are asking for discounts or locked in rates for when the price goes up, but from what I read the goal is to lower the monthly fees and not higher them. Correct? I think I prefer subscription over owning device. Also, extending early bird $99 reward to 18 months or so, would be a nice thing. Please offer a longer term discounted rate if not grandfathered for early backers. What impact could this have on cloud computing? What impact couuld this have cloud computing? Great to see Space Monkey coming to fruition, however I can't help but feel that the early bird (and for that matter) all of the KS backers are simply creating an initial subscriber base and bootstrapping your service to compete in the marketplace. The reality is with the service priced at $10 a month the early birds are getting a $21 discount for a year, and then left to contribute to your monthly recurring revenue stream, and later backers will actually only see a $1 discount from your own quoted retail price...and as others have already said if we don't renew after a year we ship the device back and we're left without anything. Certainly, response has been great since the launch earlier today, but perhaps you can think about your reward levels and how to incentivize early adopters to become long-term clients. Thank you increasing space for the early bird backers! Amazing.. you guys are going to get your goal in one day! Cool ideal BUT......... Did anyone here read the *details* of this project? ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Q: What if I cancel my subscription? A: No worries. Much like other services with hardware (cable or satellite) we'll refund your subscription pro rata once the device is sent back. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ The pledges and rewards are basically, well in the end if anyone decided to cancel their subscriptions, you have to ship back the Space Monkey device back to them and looks like they are not giving you money back for the device. So your pretty much stuck with the service for life, unless you cancel. See the FAQ on the main detail page. Cool ideal but I'm not backing this project, just wanted to make sure everyone did read the details of this project. I look forward to see my device! I also echo the comments of a grandfathered tier for early bird backers. We are taking an early risk on you, so I hope you guys will acknowledge that via grandfather clause. It would be nice for those of us backing the kickstarter, to be grandfathered in for the life of the product, at the current rates. I would like to suggest that early birds should probably have some guaranteed subscription cost for as long as they are continuous subscribers. With a finite number of kickstart backers, it would be nice to have some grandfathered monthly subscription rate in future monthly rate increases. I would prefer that over a t-shirt or if their are any subscription rate increase to have kickstarter investors at a lower percent tier. Sure wish I could skip a few years and get a 10TB package for $20/month...I guess I'll stick with the 1TB early bird pledge for now. Been waiting for something like this for a long time - first Kickstarter project I have supported. Excited about it! It would be great if the early birds get a free t-shirt ;-) If that's not possible how can you make multiple pledges? I've already pledged for the 1TB subscription but i'd like to get a t-shirt too. How can I do this? I tried to resist backing this and couldn't. I've been waiting for Space Monkey for what seems like forever. I just recently got a year free of an online backup solution, but I like having my files stored in the cloud where they are easy to access. It's just not the same when your files are only backed up online. I could go for a t-shirt as well. I almost didn't back it because the discount wasn't all that much ($99 vs $10 a month). So throwing in a t-shirt would help! Very exiting project! A couple of things: 1) I was one if the earliest pebble backers. I didn't mind waiting and completely understood the problem of scale. However as Michael commented earlier capping things and using preorders is a good way to manage the excessand there will be excess! 2) What does parity look like? Is it one chunk of parity on one other device, or is parity handled with two or more duplicate chunks? For example if my device fails, and another device with the parity piece for a particular file fails at or around the same time, have I lost my file? Good luck with the Kickstart! As much as I'd love to see cheaper levels for early backers and/or Kickstarter supporters, you have to remember that this is a combo hardware+software project because we get a Space Monkey box (with 1 TB or 2 TB hard drive) plus 12 months of storage. On hardware side, 1 TB drive is around $70 by itself not even counting the custom PCB, enclosure, etc. For software side, programmers don't work for peanuts ;) P.S. I _would_ like to see a cheaper 2 TB tier pricing and perhaps a 3TB tier. Early Birds need T-Shirts! Agree with Steve and Khargreaves. Maybe there should of been a 2-year option with maybe a slighter higher discount. And yes, t-shirts for all is great marketing, and cheap as chips. I'm also with Steve on the discounted pricing for a longer time. I'm with Steve and khargreaves below, early bird supporters should get more time AND a t-shirt! I would like to see early-birds enjoy discounted pricing for a longer time. A 17% discount for only 12 months for those that supported you from the beginning just doesn't seem that generous. Guus - very excited about this project. Pledged at the 2TB level! Don't think you will have any problem reaching your goal. Really think you should "throw in" the t-shirt for all the pledge levels - cheap advertising, and who doesn't love a funky cool t-shirt! Good Luck! This looks very promising! I wish you much luck and success and look forward to following you on your journey. One recommendation: If this blows up like other Kickstarterd projects (e.g. Pebble, Ouya), I recommend you cap this project at 5000 units (as stated in your Risks and Challenges) or when you reach your funding goal. Quickly after that, you open up pre-orders on your website. Deliver the Kickstarter rewards first and ship them out first-in, first-out. Much of the complaining on other high-volume KS projects are because the project creator(s) couldn't handle the unexpected demand and communicated poorly about it. Thanks for creating such a great idea!