@Markus Lange, Spine exports data to a JSON format. Maybe you can write something for Blender to be able to import this format. @Sirawat, it is possible to use it to create levels, however I think there might be better options out there for this, both with and without bounding boxes. Another option to look at that looks quite promising (haven't worked with it myself yet) is R.U.B.E -Søren @These Brothers Games, on our Trello board we have this feature <url>øren @Tim Day, you can follow the runtime progress here - <url>øren @NexusSteve, we will most likely make the workshop videos available for a small fee in the future. Afraid I can't yet say when. - Søren @Craig, we've been a bit busy fixing some mac problems for the last four days. Runtimes will be picked up on again today. We're planning on doing a more detailed update later on. @Mohamed, you'll just need to wait for Kickstarter to check again. If you want more specific information contact Kickstarter directly and ask them about it. Once it goes through, we'll send out the license for you, we check for this stuff a couple of times every day. Thanks for backing us, sorry to hear that you're having problems with Amazon. Download links should now be working again and we're monitoring the server so hopefully it won't happen again. For those of you having a problem downloading. It seems like our server is being hammered from the massive amount of downloads being tried. We're working on getting fixed ASAP! Once we have it running smoothly again we'll let you know. Sorry for the inconvenience. @S.D, cool, glad to hear you found it easy to use. Regarding your question. Currently there is plenty to do with getting all the stretch goal runtimes and features sorted out. So if we do add that, it will probably take a while. @Craig Hinrichs, thanks! We have now started sending out liceses. Thanks a lot everyone. We'll be making an update and we'll try to answer the questions many of you have been asking. We'll also update you on how the licenses will be sent. @Pranart Dechpokket, Spine already supports Gideros, see here: <url>ément Vayer, I guess it depends on what you are doing. I think a more important trick is this: right click will toggle to the last used tool. This means you can click rotate and then translate, then switch between the two just be right clicking. This makes it quite rare to have to go to the toolbar and click a tool. @Evan Z, thanks. We already made a thread on reddit, but can do another one once we hit 48 hours left maybe. @Duke Nukem, for something like that, you would want to do a bunch of image switching combined with the skeletons. I'm afraid doing a tutorial for that at this moment isn't possible, it's a lot of work and with the Kickstarter ending soon, finding time to do it will be difficult. If you get started on doing it and run into problems you can always register on our forum and ask more specific questions, then we can try to help there. Other users might also have an idea of how you can do it. @Greg, Afraid I don't know much about Parallella, but if it supports Java and OpenGL it should run. @Jordan York, @Jason S, @Andrew McDermott, thanks guys, it means a lot :) @Wesley Robb, we had a talk about it, and it doesn't seem like it will be super difficult to do. We'll give you a more detailed update about this once we have gotten a some of the other things sorted. -Søren @Daniel Branicki, we've added that feature to our list, it will be implemented together with different controls for trackpads. @Duke Nukem, I guess it all depends on the graphics you make, it shouldn't be a problem to use Spine for it now. We've already seen a couple of people using Spine to create top down style graphics. @Craig Hinrichs, the runtimes support different sizes of images switched on the fly you can have multiple sets of images. @Duke Nukem, Most features will be implemented, but it will take longer than if we reach the stretch goals. There will also be other features implemented which is not currently in the stretch goals list. We plan to support and expand on Spine for a long time :) @wetSpot, a Spine license gets you all future updates to Spine. Hey guys, sorry for the late replies, it's been a super busy day. @Tim Day, It's hard to say exactly, but you can probably expect the Unity runtime within 3-4 weeks, maybe sooner. Futile will be the one Nate works on first, then 2D Toolkit. @Robert Lovelett, Vectors are indeed easier to scale, one way you can get around this is to have multiple sizes of your images, the runtimes will support this. Of course this means more data, but DrSchizo sounded like he might have a solution for that. That's not something I've used myself, so I can't really say much about it. @Moritz Voss, thanks a lot! We are looking forward to see what you guys will come up with using Spine :) @John Z, We talked about generic C a couple of days ago, I'm not entirely sure what the verdict is on it though. I'm sure it's doable though. @Lyle Cox, I believe we got things sorted :) @Matthew Campbell, documentation for Binary is on the way. @Ockonal, can't wait to see what you've all been doing with the Trial version :D Version 1.0.11 was uploaded about an hour ago, this fixes an issue with Windows 7, so if you're having problems with the Trial, go grab the new version. Nate is working really hard trying to make everything come together. Let's get to C# and then we can start going for some more features! :D Thanks once again for all the support! It really motivates us to make Spine better and better. - Søren @Robert Lovelett, you know you can try out Spine right now? Yes, it can be used to create cut scenes. Spine supports multiple skeletons in the same project (aka scene), so you could have multiple skeletons animated so they appear to interact. I don't know what the SWF/ScaleForm/etc does that makes it large. For Spine, the file size really depends on the images used. The Spine animation data is quite small, especially the binary format but even the JSON zipped is pretty small. I suggest looking at using JPG to reduce image file size. You can use an indexed palette PNG, maybe 16 or 32 colors, to store transparency information, then at load time combine the JPG with the PNG so you still have transparency. Spine animations use interpolation, so you can pass any time to them and they will pose the skeleton for that time. If you use time that comes from your audio processor, then the animation will match the audio. Using Spine for cut scenes is one of the expected use cases. Honestly though, most usage is not for cut scenes, so we haven't been focusing a lot on this use case. Eg, skeletons are ordered based on the order they are added, and this draw order cannot be changed or keyed. Ideally you could drag and drop skeletons in the tree to change the draw order. This is on our task list, but we haven't gottten to it yet. Anyway, I suggest grabbing the trial version of Spine and see how creating a cut scene goes. A great feature for cut scenes that we won't be able to get to soon would be an animation mixer. This is similar to the dopesheet, but you move around whole animations rather than keys. Without this, each skeleton in your cutscene probably only has a single animation, making it somewhat harder to reuse and retime animations in the cut scene (you'd have to copy/paste and move around keys instead). @DrSchizo, we're discussing it internally, can't make any promises. @Ubu, the generic Lua runtime should make Moai integration relatively simple, we'll be there to support developers who want to make it happen. @dsideb, when the Kickstarter is over we'll continuously be improving Spine. New features will just not be implemented as fast as if we reach the goal here since we'll also have to work on other things to be able to make a living. With that said, FFD is one of the things we really want to do at some point, we know how powerful it is. @Raffaele Esposito, sorry had a bit of a brainfart there. It's for as many games as you create. One feature pr. game. Just keep in mind they need to be released games. @Raffaele Esposito, it is for only one game. @Lyle Cox, an update is in the works, will send it out soon! :) @DrSchizo, currently you can configure the skeleton with the images you want in setup mode, then export as PNGs and Spine will export using the images you have attached. Repeat this process with different images visible in setup mode to export spritesheets that look different. Note however that CPU is often not a bottleneck in games and the additional minimal overhead of using skeletal animation is likely not worth using spritesheets. @Ronny Bangsund, we wan't to support as many people as we can. We'll do our best to support Torque 2D users on the forums once we have the generic runtimes done. Thanks for spreading the word! :) @Duke Nukem, it looks like Torque2D could be supported by using the generic C++ runtime, a stretch goal that we are just about to make! @Jordan York, awesome! :) @Hussain, it's been busy times lately, but we are working on it. It will likely be the next runtime available. If forced to throw out a noncommittal estimate, I'd say within 2 weeks. :) We've added a new pledge level of $45. This pledge is now in effect for anyone who pledged more than $45. Tomorrow we will write a more detailed update. We've been working hard on runtimes and some fixes to Spine. More examples will also be added and we expect a new version to be released tomorrow. Almost there for the C++ goal. Thank you for your continued support! - Søren @Wesley Robb, I think we could support a C API relatively easily based on the C++ API. @Raffaele Esposito, possibly we could support Orthello, but not until all the other work we've promised has been completed. @Cameron Owen, We've talked a bit about doing some work in this area. It would be at a later point should we do it. The possibilities with that are definitely interesting and we know how much great stuff often comes from third parties. @Craig Hinrichs, yes, the cocos2d and Unity runtimes are next and we are currently working on them. Rest assured we are sticking to our initial goals! The stretch goals are for after that. @JJ Our original goals have not changed, so we will be supporting Unity just as planned. @Ricardo I can't say if there will be changes to the window at this time. It is however unlikely, if there are bugs we will of course fix them. Thanks again for the support everyone. -Søren @Arly Rampen thank you for the support! It's 4:30 in the morning here, so it's time to go to bed. We will do our best to answer all questions that might arise on the new stretch goals as soon as we can. @Peter Cobcroft, this is actually possible to do to a certain degree with the current implementation. You would just apply small randomized rotation to select bones in the setup pose, this would be done in your game and not during animation in Spine. @Craig Hinrichs we have the full version available for purchase on our website, this is a bit counterproductive to our Kickstarter, but since we don't receive backer information before the Kickstarter ends and a lot of people wanted to start using it now, we made it available. @Benjamin Green Free-form deformation and how we will implement it, is not set in stone also it is something we can iterate on and improve should we reach the goal. Being able to change the interior of the "mesh" is indeed powerful, and should we reach the goal, it is definitely something we will consider. @Andrew McDermott Thanks, the support so far have already been amazing. Help us spread the word of these new stretch goals to make Spine even better. We will be using Spine for our own projects in the future which means features are likely to be added over time, even features that are not yet listed here. Spine is very dear to us and we will keep improving it. @Andy Lundell, we will document the format soon. We wanted to get a few runtimes done to be sure it's solid. We've now got two and a half runtimes done, and indeed it turns out we had to make some minor changes. I don't think it will change any more though, so we will document it soon. @Ricardo, it could be made to look like a native window, but it wouldn't be so pretty. :p We went out of our way to have a custom frame. Also, you'd lose the fullscreen button. You'd also lose this little secret: right click the close button to toggle always-on-top. @Ricardo, Spine is written in Java using libgdx and it's 2D scene graph called scene2d. This means all of Spine is rendered at 60fps using OpenGL, and that it is exactly the same on each platform. This approach does not look like a native app, but has many benefits. :) @Jordan York, we are working on more documentation (a quick overview is available on our site right now). We'll also consider make video tutorials at some point after the workshop videos. The workshops allow you to ask questions in real time, which some people may like. In the meantime, I would suggest reading a book: The Animator's Survival Kit by Richard Williams. @Jay 'Listege' Yoo, not sure what you are asking... of course you can have different textures for different body parts. Maybe ask a more specific question on our forums? @Arly Rampen, no, not yet, this didn't make it into v1.0. However, you an attach the image to 2 different slots, which can have different draw order. Then instead of changing the draw order, just hide the image on one slot and show it on the other. @Shawn Blais Skinner, oops the download is fixed now, sorry! @DrSchizo, it would be very hard to keep the bones in the same position. Eg, it's very easy for shoulders to need to appear in a new place. Animations can still be reused across skeletons, they will just need a little adjusting. I think you'll find with a little practice you can create new animations and repurpose existing ones quite fast. @James Pollock, we hesitate to make promises, but we will be supporting as many toolkits as we can. Starling is on the list. :) @Matt Jones, yes, the runtimes are only available in the full version though. It will be sent out to the Kickstarter supporters as soon as the Kickstarter is over. It's also available on the website right now. @Darien, to change an image during an animation, in animate mode click the visibility dot in the tree to show or hide the image you like. After doing that a yellow dot will appear next to the slot in the tree, denoting that a change has not yet been keyed. Click this dot to set the key. @DrSchizo, I am sure you will find it quite easy to animate. Existing animations can be repurposed, though joint positions are likely in different places so you'll have to tweak them. @Andy, certainly! :) We plan to continue supporting and even adding features and runtimes to Spine, even if we somehow manage to find some time to work on our own games (which isn't looking terribly likely any time soon, considering how much work Spine has been lately!). @Daniel Quaroni, swapping images doesn't use rules. You can hide or show an image at any time though. Hey guys, not quite the update we were pushing for today, but I thought I'd give you all a little heads up, about what we are doing at the moment. We're still a little in disbelief that we made our goal so quick, it's super awesome, so thanks for all the support! We've spent most of the day working on Spine, and going over how we would handle the next 26 days, more specifically how we could best make sure that Spine will be available to as many different toolkits as possible, and we think we have a pretty good plan for it now. We're not entirely ready for a detailed update about this, since we feel it's important to make sure we can actually deliver eventual stretch goals, instead of just rushing out with them. Thank you once again for being super awesome! -Søren We've added a bit of documentation on our website <url>"Bounding Box" feature, is it possible to create a 2D game level with this program? Does this program support large stage layout so I can make a platformer? (So I can check where the character's feet will be with the bounding box feature) And, WITHOUT bounding box feature is it possible in anyway to use this tool to aid 2D game scene creation? @Søren - awesome! Sorry I did not see it on Trello. That's great! loving spine! You guys are awesome and doing great at delivering on the runtimes. is there anyway that we could get an option to make the "dopesheet" could show all the keyframes for bones below the current bone? so if i select the hip, i can see the thigh and foot's keyframes? in some sort of order hierarchy, this would let me rapidly redo sections of an animation (such as slow it down) that i need to tweak. today i need to go on a treasure hunt to find all the keyframes. this project is awesome! it is helping me deliver on my kickstarter (heroes of steel)! Any news on the Unity implementation? Looking forward to an AS3 runtime update! Delvers Drop that just got funded are using Spine and have given you guys a shout-out on their latest update thread. :) <url>~ minutes with the demo I had Spine Boy doing an acceptable punching animation. In my next 15~ minutes with the full version, I had the male goblin doing a passable stab attack. Very impressed. One thing that took me awhile to figure out was how to do more than rotate the bones in pose mode - to drag a hand and have the whole arm bend using IK. It's simple, once you know you need to select multiple bones. Until then it was pretty confusing. Really hoping some of the rough edges with docs and menus can be squared away. Little things like an installer go quite a long way too. I'd rather have something I can use right now though, so again, great work guys. Congratulations! It wasn't quite 5x funded, but good enough :) The Mac version crashed on its first run, but worked fine since then. A known bug? I've received the email, but when I try to follow any of the download links for the full version all I get is this: Warning: ZipArchive::addFile() [ziparchive.addfile]: Invalid or unitialized Zip object in /srv/www/esotericsoftware.com/spine/full.php on line 37 Warning: ZipArchive::close() [ziparchive.close]: Invalid or unitialized Zip object in /srv/www/esotericsoftware.com/spine/full.php on line 38 Warning: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at /srv/www/esotericsoftware.com/spine/full.php:37) in /srv/www/esotericsoftware.com/spine/full.php on line 56 Warning: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at /srv/www/esotericsoftware.com/spine/full.php:37) in /srv/www/esotericsoftware.com/spine/full.php on line 57 Warning: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at /srv/www/esotericsoftware.com/spine/full.php:37) in /srv/www/esotericsoftware.com/spine/full.php on line 58 This user's account has been deleted. Congratulations guys, this looks really promising! Awesome job guys! Wow. Blown away... just tinkered with the Spine demo last night, and hot damn if I didn't just animate the first character walk-cycle in my life that didn't look like absolute crap! The bit in the pitch about being "programmer accessible" not only wasn't a fib, but it wasn't even an exaggeration. It was super easy and straightforward! Question; in image export mode (rather than JSON + runtime, video files, etc) instead of exporting individual frames, would it be possible to export frames to a sprite-sheet? That could be useful for retro low-res pixel art animations (which we could still do, but then we'd need to add our own scripting to assemble the sprites). Congrats! Can't wait to use it in an upcoming game:) Spine is awesome! I cannot wait for the plugin for Unity. But you will only support 2dtoolkits and fugile? Is it possible to support ex2D as well? It is a very popular 2d plugin for Unity. Thank you. And congrats for a so successful Kickstarter campaign! Congratulations !! Looking forward to using this tool in one of our next projects. I know we spine didn't hit the Free-form deformation stretch goal, but is this something that will possibly come out in the future? Congrats on the finished goal! Look forward to seeing (and using) your program. Any chance of freeform deformation being added at some future date, just since it would still be a useful feature to attract new customers? Congratulations. I can't wait to see spine support gideros engine. Congrats. Cant wait to get this rocking Congratulations. All but one goals were met. :) Thank you very much for your dedication and perseverance. Spine is genuinely a joy to work with and it has inspired me to pursue my current goals just that much harder; you've removed barriers. Happening on this Kickstarter has been very rewarding personally and I look forward to working with Spine over the years. I hope the video workshops are made available through some kind of donation or purchase mechanism shortly after they are completed! Once again, congratulations! And keep up the good work! Champagne!! :D Congratulations! I'm looking forward to spending a few hours with Spine to see if it'll be a good fit for Last Stand at Iabreth :] Come see <url># runtime to be completed? That'sjust what I need to use Spine with my Unity 4 project. I am really looking forward to the JavaScript runtime so we can use this in our current project. Keep up the awesome work! @Esoteric : My GF is debating whether to pledge or not, she is mostly interested in animating cartoon style stuff and exporting them as movies. Is something like that possible? @EsotericSoftware Looking forward to the AS3 runtime so we can write an importer for GameBuilder Studio (<url>"undo/redo" function somewhere currently, or planned? In creation last night, I noticed that I couldn't undo moderate tweaks to anything I recently touched. @Esoteric Software: Will i be able to load the information for the Animation/Bone information in LibGDX using Assetmanager? ( I * believe the the textureatlas shouldn't be a issue and is already supported..but i guess Nate or Mario would know best.) THANKS Again! When I signed up I was hoping for this to reach the AS3 runtime goal. Now it seems to land on more features than I could dream of! I'm so looking forward to start using this amazing tool :) Will you be working in an Auto Key feature. Auto key is something I've grown fond of over the years animating in Maya. And I could it as a very useful tool to speed up workflow. Just up'd my pledge to get both workshops on video $115. And another license. This is so totally worth it. I have high hopes for cocos2d-iphone being native objective-c code. If not, it's not that big of a deal as I am sure we will be working together to improve and make things better. Still.... totally worth it. Great Job! Quick question: Where can I submit bugs that I find? Can I purchase or gain access to the recordings of the workshops at a later date? My puppy has an unfortunately very expensive dental appt coming up and while I want to support Esoteric by pledging for $150~ for workshops... I just can't justify spending that money over my little dude. I really hope we get a big jump on the last day (at least 5k). I'm excited for slot images and backgrounds, but even if we don't make that stretch goal this is still one fine piece of software :) Good job! I saw you guys on reddit yesterday, so posting there was a great idea. ;-) @EsotericSoftware just wanted to say Thanks for all your teams hard work and I HOPE to see more tools from you guys! @EsotericSoftware Do you plan to release Spine at the Unity Asset Store aswell? That would easily help a lot of developers with their work. Anyway good luck with the last stretch goals! Project looks awesome, have tried to use software like this in the past but they were not implemented well at all and very clunky. This looks much more intuitive and user friendly, keep up the good work! What formats exactly will this be able to export the animations as? Backing for great dev tools running natively on Linux!! Thanks, Esoteric. Also, in the pitch, hearing "...creating animations become so fast and easy, even programmers can do it!" was a siren song in my ears! @Esoteric Software, hey quick question.. looking to upgrade my pledge to the 150 coding workshop... but my question is do I still get access to both workshop recordings (art and coding)? Thanks!! Will Spine support dynamic skeleton restructuring, which will allow for adding, removing or changing the bone structure without breaking the animation? An example of usage would be a character with a sword hanging from his belt, where the sword's parent is the character's hip-bone. Then, at a later keyframe, the character draws his sword and the sword's parent will now be changed to the character's hand. If not, will this be considered for a future version? I have a thought for an enhancement and I'm wondering if it would be possible? Future update after Kickstarter maybe? I have a collection of bone animations in .bvh format that I use as a starting point for 3d character animations. I'm thinking it would be great if Spine would let me import them by defining an x,y,z rotation and then recreating the animation in 2d by projecting the bones onto a plane. I think this would be very useful. Regards, Hoping you hit the level for the integrated texture packer. Do you think it might actually make it easier for you to support all these runtimes? For instance, it could drop the reliance on 2D Toolkit and Futile for Unity, removing the risk of future updates to those engines forcing updates to Spine's Unity runtime code. Congrats on all the goals made so far! @Esoteric Software Sorry if this has been asked already but I wanted to know what the update for the cocos2d integration is? How's it coming and when do you think we will get to play with it? Thanks! Is it just me or does this project get backed like hell? ^^ Lovely to see those milestones go by! I don't have an extra $3K, but I would love to see this work in Gamemaker!!! Is unity planned for one of the early releases? Awesome-Sauce! Great video. I did learn a few more things in this one that will help me with the tool. I have to say though, even without these tips I have been able to be productive and create things I like. Though they don't feel finished this video explains how I can continue with them and add on to the work I have already done to make them feel more life like! Hi, great videos ! and congrats about the newly reached stretchgoal. Something caught my eyes in a video about the keyframe. I'm guessing the most common ketframes will be translation and rotation, but the ordre in the UI is actually translation, scaling, rotation. Would'nt it be better if the order was translation, rotation and then scaling, as it would avoid having to skip over the scaling button to click on the rotation one. I know it's only a little thing, but if it can help gain productivity... If it happens that scaling is used more than rotation, then nevermind :) We just crossed 40K! Congratulations on reaching Onion Skinning. So thumbs up for having this in the "can forget about money spent" 30 dollars amount is what I am saying. This is going so well and I am having my figures crossed for bounding boxes stretch goal. I think this product really hits just at the right point on the price as many of us game makers do not make a lot, and many of us give our stuff out for free. So the nearly free price of this product is great and it's expanding feature set, ease of use and quality really is impressive. @Greg - It already runs on Linux as far as I can see - You can grab the trial version from their site and test it on Parallella, Not sure if it will work 100% or at all... But it is worth a shot. Not sure how to ask this but I backed the Parallella KickStarter for basically this purpose (game dev). Any chance of Spine running on whatever is required or Parallella? (some kind of Ubuntu derivative, iirc) @Esoteric Software - Just for a point of reference to what I am wanting to make - See the video below <url># has been achieved. Now onwards to Onion Skinning! Can't wait for the license :) I must be blind - I see the JSON format description on the main website. It will be nice to have both that and the binary formats fleshed out down the road, but consider my appeased :) I may have missed it somewhere, but is there currently or planned a full description of the data formats that come out of Spine so people can write their own parsers or runtimes? I've seen mention of a JSON output, so I assume that at least is open, but I'd love to see a full specification or file format documentation aimed at developers. Would it be possible to add an extra $25 or $30 for every extra license we want on top of the 2 licenses available in the current pledge levels? i.e. pledge $140 to get the $115 pledge level with an additional license (for a total of 3 licenses) Would like to see Python support. Cocos2d, pyglet, pygame. If you could do a generic C API that could easily be wrapped that would work too. Would also like to see documentation so we could build our own runtimes if there is no native support. This is a fantastic project and it's great to be a part of it. Looking forward to the release of the runtimes! @Robert Lovelett: in AS3, you could use DMT Library that "provides run-time dynamic (and fast) rasterize vector images to bitmaps and generates the atlases". In other words, with this library, you can generate the sprite sheet at runtime from a vector image and soon a MovieClip. You can therefore scale the vector image to the right size with no pixelisation and only then rasterize it to bitmap. More information here: <url># level :D Guess we know what we're gonna do! @Esoteric Software : some widely used frameworks like Flixel of Flashpunk work only with spritesheets. Precalculating spritesheet would work only if you have few different combination. But imagine a game where can change hair, face, skin color, clothes, weapons like any RPG game, the number of sprites to create would be way too important (several thousands combinations). And it would simply not work if you want to make a game like Artizens where players can make their own skins. I came here to kick ass and chew bubblegum and now I want to code In C++. c++ done. C++ here we come :D ... just $137 more @Esoteric : Cheers! It's just that the pledge desc. does not specify that. I will be upgrading my pledge in a few days. @Esoteric is the 45$ pledge only for one game or does it include more than one games made with spine? Maybe you are saving it for later, but I think you should send out an update about the new pledge level rather than just the comment here. It is a lot more likely to reach the 584 people currently signed up for the $30 tier. I forgot one thing in my previous comment: such a system will have the advantage to be directely compatible with many frameworks without any additional code, since a lot of them already manage spritesheets animation. Spritesheet animation is fare more CPU-efficient than dynamical animation. Some framework are made specificaly to handle spritesheet, like Flixel and Flashpunk on Flash. I know spine can generate spritesheets, but using this solution would take off one of the best advantage to this software, that is using the same skeleton animation for different characters. Therefore, it would be really useful to be able to generate dynamically the sprite sheets in the different available langage. In other word, once given the different images to use (arms, legs, body...), the API could generate directly an image that could be used as a sprite sheets, including all the animations frame by frame. Will that funtion be implemented? less than 600 $ away from the C++ stretch goal, how far do you think we'll make it? Any way of getting it working with Torque 2D would be great. More people in that community are interested, so we're all spreading the word :) Hi, Any dates for Cocos2D iPhone runtime ? @ Jordan York - Yep I am :) Hahaha! @Duke - you really are everywhere I go on Kickstarter :p @Esoteric Software - I purchased the animators survival kit, as you recommended. I look forward to reading it next week when it comes in. @Esoteric Software - Hey, I am a video game character that has been forced into the real world due to economic issues. Ahhhem Gearbox Software... I am currently working as a part time developer in between my day job (Manufacturing work) and my new found passion 2D Video game development. I am currently backing at the 30 dollar level. I am using the Torque 2D game engine. Which is open source and very awesome. Any way my question - Can you guys as a stretch goal make torque 2D a part of the Spine development platform? Just curious. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Since your original goals included unity could you also add support for the orthello 2D framework(both free and pro)? Also, I'd like to second Wesley Robb's request, C support would be welcome. I'm really excited about the 28k "Generic C++" stretch goal. It will add tremendous value to projects designed to work cross-platform with the core engine built in C++, and as @Wesley mentions, it will make binding to many other languages quite easy. Now that Spine is on track to reaching to 28k stretch goal :) Would it be possible to create the "Generic C++" with a C wrapper/interface or even just use standard C? This would allow binding to many languages really easily. Eg. Python, Lua, R, Go etc. Also it would allow C dev's to use Spine natively as well. Thanks for the time and effort taken to create this amazing piece of software! I'm all for the out of the box integration with popular tools/engines, but is there any chance of the tool itself being scriptable and extendable? Would be nice to be able to create our own additions to the system so we can better integrate with whatever game/engine we're working on. We can't wait to get our hands on the Unity runtime. :) Did I miss the cocos2d announcement? I thought those were next after Corona? @Esoteric Thanks again for your detailed replies. Mac OS X Mountain Lion apps have the full screen icon on the window frame, so it would be relocated, rather than lost. The current Spline fullscreen button does not seem to work on OS X ML anyway, it just maximizes the window. Cool stuff about the 'always on top' thingy! (Although I think it should show its state in the UI somehow). Anyway, keep it up guys! Waiting to use this in my next game. Although I am going for an interview and so may end up having to do non-game work during my days: shock-horror ! Oh well, spine will at least be one of the things I use in the evenings... Your Kickstarter page is looking slick, good luck on reaching the stretch goals. Hi guys. I love that you are doing an open format but I hope you continue to mantain the unity (futile and 2d toolkit) plugins in house. I backed the other project Spriter and the 3rd party support is hit or miss (as you might expect). I supported this project to have more polished and solid runtimes so I really hope you keep that up. :) Just backed you guys, played with the editor some. Awesome work guys! I hope all the features are implemented eventually even if it doesn't meet all the stretch goals. Hopefully it will reach the stretch goals though.. This is great software even at this stage. In your description of the free-form deformation, what's the advantage of only allowing deformation along the edges of an object? Personally I've always found that a simplified mesh gave me far more flexibility when rotating characters, as it allows me to affect the interior of an object in order to create a sense of form. I am dying to use this today. Where can I find out more information on getting the full working version? Will that be when the kickstarter is over? Can't wait to implement this. This user's account has been deleted. One of the things I'd like to see is natural movement, rather than smooth/robot/space movement - it's all well and good to use inbetweening algorythms with envelopes - but if there can be a way to introduce random variation (also good if animating a crowd). Random speed changes, or random begin/end/middle target point variations. Twitches, ticks, hesitancy - all these things help something look more natural in its movement. @Esoteric: Cool, thanks for the info! But still, can't a Java+libgdx window be given native appearance on the different OSes? I am not complaining about this very minor think, just curious about why it cannot be easily done. ;-) Is there a documentation for the format of the outputted skeletons and animations? The sample files on your website look pretty straightforward, but I'd feel more comfortable if I had documentation. Spine is looking amazing, the UI is beautiful and responsive. Also, being able to keyframe each attribute separately is great. Having a single keyframe for all the image attributes like Spriter does is crazy. I'm curious: what framework/technology did you use? On the OS X version it's somewhat startling to have Windows-like maximize/minimize window buttons rather than the standard OS X ones. ;-) Thanks :) I'll make sure I check that book out. I haven't done any animation for years, and I didn't really have a strong background before I stopped, but I'm looking to get back into it. Will you consider making video tutorials of the basics, or is this something that I should expect from the workshop videos? I've decided to back this in the hope of the Team supporting Monkey (www.monkeycoder.co.nz). I would love to see a support for Construct 2 (or at least documentation to let me write it!) Love the tool. Great work! +1 for Flixel integration! I prefer to work in Gamemaker myself, so if you get around to other platforms, +1 for Gamemaker integration =] This user's account has been deleted. Can I use different textures for diffrent part? ex) Use different texture for upper body, head, legs I hope you make a porting for Unity. I can't download from the website in either Chrome or Firefox. When I click the "Windows" button, it just downloads a 1kb file named "win" Thanks for putting out a good product. Admittedly I don't know how the runtimes are done exactly but I am making my game in XNA. Perhaps a simple API or some boilerplate code that could be used to create our own runtimes would be useful since everyone's engine will be different. You say there is currently a runtime for libGDX. Can we get that? will there be a starling runtime ? @Esoteric Software : if I have access to a complete animation set (for instance walk, run, jump, crawl, kick, punch, stab, shoot, special attack, etc.), I would definitely design the character in order that joint positions are the same than the original. As far as I'm concerned, a specially design tool or at least a subsection in the forum could therefore be very useful. How do you swap bone-attached-images mid-tween? Can you? It's a great project. It would be awesome to have a set of already made animation (walking left, right, top and down for instance) or an online library that would allow users to share their work. If I have to spend time animating a character, I would rather spend it improving somebody's work (and sharing the result with everybody) that redoing it from scratch. @EsotericSoftware, well done guys, I have read some of you comments on your eagerness to make games with this tool yourselves. Just remember the people that made the most money in the gold rush were the people selling pick axes. I think this is such a good product you could go a long way with this! I guess making games is more fun though :p Looks good! Will/does spine support multiple images for a single element with swapping based on rules like bone position? For example, I might want to have multiple images for a torso to reflect its rotation during a walk cycle and have the choice of which one is shown in a given frame by using a bone that I use to represent the torso rotation. I'm 1man - Indie developer. I'm developing in Corona SDK, And I hope to use Spine's great features in my project. GOOD LUCK! :) This is amazing. Having support for all of those platforms would be nice. Hopefully the extra funding you get will allow this. I just backed this. Awesome project, it will help me with making my own games a lot! :) Also, I'd love to see LÖVE supported! :) Hey guys, great fan of your work. had to back you! gogo libgdx! I just wanted to throw in my vote for Flash AS3 / Starling support! I'm a Spriter Backer, but they are really dragging their feet, and the progress here looks amazing. Really glad to see you have hit your target guys, software looks awesome! Like others have mentioned, really hope you get enough cash to add GameMaker support! Hi Guys, I'm very glad that you exceeded your goal! I backed you up a couple of days ago, I wanted to complete the 6,000 for you guys to get motivated. I normally use toon boom and am seriously considering spline for much more than just games. I'm very anxious to try the software in its full capacity. I wish you all the best of luck on your upcoming challenges, and I really hope you make a lot more money. Greetings from Mexico. :) Visit my site if you wish :) <url>"another project" a year ago for the Unity plugin and they left it to the community. You guys are my only hope! ;) Good luck! Best of luck on this, I can certainly make use of it and it looks really good. (Silverwolf user of LIBGDX mobile development framework)