There actually has been updates via our blog and through twitter. I apologize to those who have no been updated as I have sent and replied to every message and email I have received. For those who don't follow our social media, we are almost done with our remodel at the new location and the backer plague will be posted there. In regards to t-shirts, we are still working with teespring to make the process 100x easier. We are paying teespring directly and will provide unique redemption codes for you guys to just log in and place your order that has already been paid for. Thank You for your patience as this relocation process has taken an eternity. If you have any questions feel free to send me a message and I will gladly answer them in a timely manner. Just posted an update for those of you with many questions. You can also see what improvements we did make by looking at our instagram <url>~!! It's like a patch update we ALL want. ♥ Keep the dream alive...let's go Super Arcade! It would be sick if you could add a skeeball machine to the mix when you reopen :) :) Super has reached it's goal! Congrats!! I just paid $90 as I live in England but I was wondering if you can use Abhi and then my surname you will see someone sent money where the first letters for my first and surname is A B and the A has the word Abhi from the beginning. Hope to visit next year or 2016 at the very latest Just pledged. Hope to keep the place open, Mike. Best of luck to you. Never been able to make it to Super; donated so that I can still have that chance when the schedule works out, and keep events going in the meantime. Wattson, there wasn't a place to add a note so for my 50$ donation, please put on the plaque "SoCal Injustice Community" - chef boooom It was a sad day when Toronto lost it's last arcade to some random clothing store. A part of me died inside that day, as I made a significant number of my friends there. I hope this does not happen to Super Arcade. Best of luck Mike, and I look forward to seeing your plans come to fruition. Halfway there! Let's GO. Thick Asian Squad We still need meter. Spread the word yo! Better get a spotlight for the stream seats. Pressure. Good luck. We don't even live in Cali but we gotta support the FGC. Gotta do it. Let's keep this alive! For the love of Super Arcade and Mike Watson. C'mon people let's exceed this goal! DODONPACHI!!!!!!!! Best of luck, Mike! Let's do this. We have the money, we can rebuild. It will happen. Super Arcade Hyper Fighting Dojo II This user's account has been deleted. We need a spirit bomb. Can't wait for this to happen!