Thanks Loic!! C'est SUPER!! Yes a rice cooker makes all the difference! Be sure to check out our new site <url>"Pledge away!" :) THANKS AGAIN FOR ALL YOUR SUPPORT!!! U guys make this process special! You the man Gerry! Thanks so much for your support and kind feedback! It's because of you that I created the Update today! So you rock! Really appreciate all your help in getting us funded! Many thanks! :) LOL!!! One of our backers suggested this dance: <url>ïc from Belgium Got mine today! Had to pay VAT, and the UK's Royal Mail charged a handling fee that was more than the VAT! But who cares? I HAVE SUSHI! Thanks again, Brice, for a terrific project. Now... how about the perfect microwaveable rice steamer... :) I love my SushiQuik! The product quality is really good and it's an easy and fast way to create delicious sushi! I made 5 rolls in less than 30 min. Next thing to buy is a rice cooker. ;-) Using a pot and the stove is a little bit annoying. Received my SushiQuik today! :-) (Germany) I'm in mexico, everything is ok! I will start to do some sushi this week éclaircissement d'après la poste; c'est parce qu'il a été envoyé en tant qu'objet commercial. --> a éviter la prochaine fois. i'm from belgium and i receive it today but i'm not happy at all ! i pledge 30 $ + 10$ for shipping. but when i received it , I had to pay $ 30 more for VAT in Belgium and customs clearance !! so please, next time, take someone else than USPS ! thx before. just received it:) (Netherlands) I am from belgium and same you i have not received it yet but don't worry, it will come. i hope during next week. I am in the Netherlands and I haven't received it yet. Should I worry? Any international backers who received their kit yet? I got my kit today, but is there anyway to get another sushi cutter/template I stepped on mine by mistake and it snapped. I got too excited and started reading the instructions while the kit was still spread on the floor. I got my kit today and it looks awesome, nice little surprise when I got home from work. I'm in FL. I didn't get ant shipping confirmation, but I have receivedf my SushiQuik today!!! It looks pretty slick and I'm going to have Sushi tonight!! Anyone who got his shipping confirmation yet? Can't wait getting my SushiQuik! :-) Yeah, great! Any updates when you start shipping? :-) I think I forget to pledge for international shipping can you please let me know? and if so how can I do that? Sorry :/ Re; Chicken Roll or Steak Roll... I find it intriguing that people are unaware of these because they are very common ingredients. Teriyaki chicken and beef are staple choices for take out in NZ and Australia, for example. They're also widely available in Canada/the US (at least on the west coast). Yeah, that's a great idea - I've already started to think about how I can make "pizza sushi" or some fun recipes for the kids like a peanut butter and jelly roll. Lots of possibilities - thanks! This is an interesting product - I showed it to my wife, who loves sushi, but she decided to pass on the SushiQuik. I don't like sushi at all, but the pure genius and simplicity of the design of this product (and the reasonable price point) made me intrigued enough to back it. My prediction is that once my wife gets this, she'll be glad I changed her mind. Looking forward to getting this, maybe I'll even change my mind about sushi! :) For the $30 pledge level, it says free shipping to Canada, what about us American backers? Also, when will we submit our addresses for shipping? By the way, this is so great. I'm in college and love both eating and making sushi, however, it is a little inefficient in terms of space to have my huge wooden sushi rice bowl and mats in my room. Thanks for coming up with this idea! Congrats on making the goal....now I cant wait to start making Sushi at home with my SushiQuik! Since the project will be funded and I have already backed it where can I go if I want to add 2 more to the order? sorry this is my first time doing this. "To who every posted our project on Reddit, thank you!! You truly are awesome!! :)" You're welcome. I will accept a shoutout on Twitter as payment ;) @thebobhatter I hear that cooking the rice is one of the hardest parts, does the ebook have tips? Just bumped up to a double. My mom doesn't really like sushi, but my brother does. :) Congrats dude ! bingo:) Congratulations Brice!!! Woo Hoo!! Great job Brice and congratulations!!! Congratulations on reaching your target!! Bonjour Brice, J'ai ENFIN réussi à participer à ton projet. Tout juste s'il ne fallait pas donner la date de naissance de sa Grand-Mère... C'est vrai que les Français aiment râler !! Bon, c'est pour la bonne cause surtout que Didier et moi n'aimons pas du tout les sushi. Nous préférons le coq au vin avec des cèpes et les paupiettes de veau. Bises, Marc My gf and I grabed a two pack. It looks really cool and we hope you make your goal ! I've posted on neogaf , beyond3d.com and torocast.com to try and help out a bit. Come on guys...I really want my SushiQuik! Only $2535 to go! Its official, I broke my KickStarter virginity by becoming a first time backer. I can't wait to get my hands on the SushiQuik. My wife + I love sushi, but hate when we receive our bill. We are trying to cut back on eating out as we have a one year old, and diapers are just expensive as sushi. I think this product will save us A LOT of money by making sushi at home. I have one of those wooden things and it just collects dust because sushi was so hard to make, but with this product it makes it look simple. Can't wait until I receive mine, thanks for inventing the SushiQuik! Am posting this comment because the first thing I do before backing a project is look at the comments... so this is addressed to anyone thinking of backing this project... look around you at all the sushi bars and Japanese restaurants. Ask yourself how many people serve you sushi when you go round to their place to eat. Probably, close to none. Yet so many people love sushi! So why do people not make it at home? I've made it, and it's dead easy with the right ingredients (which are easy to come by - a good fishmonger will know the date their fish was fished, and whether it was frozen immediately or after landing, or remained unfrozen... and you don't even need raw fish). But too much sticky rice ends up all over the the places it's not supposed to get (including the kids hands and faces!). And the first few attempts inevitably end up limp and unimpressive. So imagine the market for a device like this. It's huge. HUGE. A $30 pledge is nothing (compared to some pledges that I see on Kickstarter). Go ahead. Pledge :) And for the record, I don't even know Brice Leconte! But having started up my own start-up, I know how important it is for more than just financial support. So pledge away! Can you please post a video of your sushiquik dance? Brice, congrats on getting 20% so fast, lets keep spreading the word on this great project and I agree if you keep doing pushups the backers will keep coming ! :) Due to your very quick response, I've altered my pledge. I'm in for $55 -- so you are now at 20%. Now, look into that blue one for me ;-) Well, you have just earned yourself my second backing -- I need one of these bad boys. I look forward to this product coming out, hopefully we reach the goal. And in addition to the color comment, I think blue would look pretty cool. Like the light blue for all the buttons on Kickstarter. Nevertheless, KickStarter Green is pretty neat as well ;-) hello, i think the black, grey and something as "orange" would be great ! thanks. voilà j'ai commandé mon sushiQuick ! bonne m**** pour la suite :-) comptez-vous proposer des couleurs différentes ? from Belgium Great idea. Have you looked at whats out there? <url>