@William---good catch there. the instructions were present for at least a week or two but for some reason they have disappeared, this seems to be a problem on backerkit's side. Here are the missing instructions on what to do with your download code: Copy your eight-digit code and enter it at <url>—Yes, that is the plan! We are planning to have an add-on system post-Kickstarter where you can add on a shirt, tote, coloring book, USB, CD—all of those things. We haven't talked about it yet because we found that the add-on thing confused people in the past, but you WILL get access to the "add on store" in the Kickstarter survey, and—unless something unexpected happens—you will be able to add on your USB/other things at that time! @Eli—Me neither! Those last three shows at Denver Comic Con were a blur, and I'm usually very good about remembering plugs! Thank you so much for finding us! @Jason—it would be a very expensive stretch goal, and with data we've collected, we don't believe the demand would justify production. Consider yourself heard—perhaps we will do a vinyl-exclusive crowdfunding project at some point to see if we can make it work. We're getting a lot of good questions about stretch goals, add-ons and coloring books in our messages. We will be setting up an add-on system and everything and will post an update soon! We are waiting to hear on an updated quote from the printer before we can price everything out exactly. Thanks for your patience. We also have new SNAKE TOTES coming soon, keep an eye out for new reward levels! Getting so close to the first stretch goal! Thank you so much, everyone who's pledged so far!! You're the best around! We did it!! Goal met!! Thank you so much everybody! Look for an update later today! Thanks for the suggestion @Ali! It's a thing we'll keep in mind for the future, but not part of this Kickstarter. @Andrew—yes it will! @gbskimber — great question! I think this will have to be a post-kickstarter determination! Lots are available a la carte on thedoubleclicks.bandcamp.com, so that may be the easiest way to complete your collection. :) @Cary Glenn—HAPPY BIRTHDAY!! Thank you so much for your support! Halfway there in 5 hours??! Thank you so much, team! @Chris Mortika - Thank you Chris!! @Michael Kuroda! Good question. Tentative answer: 4GB! @Becca — thank you for backing! This is a good idea, we just don't want to promise anything we can't follow through on. :) @Alex Rosenberg — this is a good question! I think maybe you should send us a message when we're in fulfillment mode and we might accidentally slip an extra button in your package. Seems easier than an add-on system. :) @Christina M — thank you!! @Ryan Spence: we wanted to be ready for you :) @Thomas S Darragh — I am seeing that on your pledge as well, although we have selected all the "no shipping required" and added no shipping cost to that tier. That is very strange, we will look into it! I never got the instructions for redeeming my album code, and the instructions part of backerkit next to the album code are blank. Anyway, after some sleuthing, I found out you have to visit this page and put in the code from backerkit to get the download: <url>"Thank You" for being the only Kickstarter I've backed where I never have to worry about getting my rewards. All the "soft" goods are already so worth my support, and I never have cause to fear that the hard goods will show more or less when promised. Felt like leaving a positive message, since two of my other active kickstarters are (perhaps predictably) behind on deliveries and not forthcoming with updates. Those projects will make me more gunshy about future contributions - but the Doubleclicks will always have my support (and my Axe). Cheers. Is the USB flash drive a kickstarter exclusive? Sing it with me: Angela and Aubrey sure do got what it takes. Fundin' their new album, Called President Snakes! Congratulations!!! Congratulations! We have really enjoyed your Patreon videos! Hooray for funding!! Congrats (you deserve it)! Woot! Congrats! =D I am so excited about this project! I discovered you last year at PAX Prime and since them you guys have kind of become my geek girl heroes. Also, I commend you on a Kickstarter done right, with awesome rewards and stretch goals and really good communication throughout. You guys are amazing and I can't wait to see the finished product! Is it safe to assume that the USB thingiemabobber be available in the add-on system? (I skimmed through the comments and updates and didn't see a specific mention of it and, well, i must have those B-sides :) 45000! Yay! Electric cello! I would also love to get something on vinyl if that is ever an option. Just saying. So excited to see The Doubleclicks coming into the home stretch, with great stretch goals in reach! I can't believe you didn't mention your Kickstarter during your Sunday show at DCC. I'm glad I happened to see it on here :). Any chance of the album on vinyl as a stretch goal? Congrats on the stretch goal! Hopefully we can get Aubrey her electric cello soon! Which, btw, do you know which one you want? I've had a few over the years, so I know how tough it is compromising some of the feel from an acoustic, but you can also do some cool stuff like taking it on a plane without buying another ticket or praying they don't make you check it! ;) Loops and effects pedals are fun, too. Good luck with the rest of the campaign! I informed my boyfriend last night that his vote in the next election should go to President Snakes. His response was to keep going on and on about how snakes can't properly form most consonants, and therefore he wouldn't be able to understand their platform. I was aghast, as *obviously* we should all be voting for President Snakes (duh!). I hope when the song comes out, it further illuminates this point! So happy your new album is funded. Looking forward to seeing you in Austin - my "tween" daughter (and the rest of the family) are big fans. She wanders around the house singing "Cats & Netflix", and of course "Dimetrodon!" Fiasco - being stuck on a music tour when your car breaks down ... with a sibling.... Since I think president snakes lyrics haven't been posted yet, I think we should collect all the president snakes puns we can. - Who has what it takes? / No matter the stakes / You'll never see flakes / He'll clean the great lakes / Supported by fakes / Of Jonathan Frakes / And ancient mandrakes - It's president snakes! AUBREY your beautiful hair what happened (lice?) Who is older or are you twins? Saw your chicago show way to short & comedy opening show way to long. Like your music come back to Chicago or area. Can't wait Seeing the strechgoals, I finally need to buy Fiasco :-) Making the b-sides and bonus songs available as suggested below would be great as I too bought your discography last kickstarter and I think I have pretty much everything that's on the bandcamp site now... VOTE SNAKES Birthday present to me! Please keep writing amazing and witty music. Thanks for visiting Denver this year. Happy to be backing you again. Not at all surprised to see you funded in a day. My husband and I both love your music. Will the design of the shirt be available before the Kickstarter ends? The world needs more Doubleclicks albums! So glad I could help. Hey ladies - got the (then-) complete discography on the last Kickstarter - any chance of a stretch goal/add-on to get digital versions of the B-sides and other bonus songs? The USB is totally cute, but I can't afford to re-buy everything again this time (though I would love to just to help you out). Time to shower you with money again! Kickstarter is bad for my bank account but good for my nerdiness... It's my birthday and I'm giving you a gift! Well I do get the gift of backing an awesome band. I missed the last campaign. Happy to be a part of this one! I'm proud to support you. Thanks for your geeky work. Quick question, how big is the USB drive? Or am I that blind and missed it? I just want to know how much other awesome stuff I can load on it once I get it! Really excited that you're doing a new album! Personally, I'd love to see some additional new songs as a stretch goal. I'm also excited to see whatever else you guys come up with, although the cover of Free Bird from last time will be hard to top! More Doubleclicks! <3 @Thedoubleclicks. As always it is very much appreciated. I'm so excited about this new album! :-) Are add-ons of additional buttons a possibility? I understand not wanting to deal with shipping individual buttons, but my wife and I might have to create elaborate contests to determine who gets to wear the button if we can only get one. The downloads are in FLAC. It is like you knew I was going to support this :) Awesome! Good luck Doubleclicks! I should have said that shipping is being added to the digital order tier. ... Shipping on the digital order. Not sure if that is a mistake or not. I'm happy to pay either way. Enjoyed all your previous albums, so much fun seeing y'all perform live, proud to be a returning backer. I so want to back at a higher level, but don't actually need most of the swag... unless stretch goals change that somehow (or unless I somehow can rationalize the really big rewards -- MUST stay fiscally responsible, sometimes?). Regardless I'm super excited to back more awesome music regardless. Someday I want to see you perform live and in person!! Thank goodness there will be a new Doubleclicks album soon! Can't wait to ensure more great videos and livestream shows as well... right? In the inevitable stretch goals? :D This comment has been removed by Kickstarter.