Jordan: Sorry to hear you lost your pen! I would be happy to get you another one. I'm not actively selling them (working on a ton of other projects), but still have plenty of materials and could get one to you. Please shoot me an email at <email> and we can work out the details! -Kyle Big John: Thanks for the feedback! It's been a while since I made them, and it's nice to see it is still holding up. Big John: Thanks for the feedback! It's been a while since I made them, and it's nice to see it is still holding up. Cory: I'm sorry to hear about this! We were balancing a fine line between "too tight" and "not tight enough" with the cap, and found that even a .0002" difference in the diameter of the tip or plug can mess with how the cap fits. A pair of needle-nosed should be able to pull the end cap out and press it back into the pen body. -Kyle All: Jet Pens is the place to do it--that's where I'm getting the refills in the first place. (www.jetpens.com) -Kyle I'm going to be placing a large blanket order for the refills--they are pretty hard to come by! As of now, they will all be the same (probably 0.4 mm in blue), but if you have a special request, I would be happy to try and fill it. A lot of it depends on the availability at the time of order. I still use this pen every day and just love it. Thanks for such a high quality product! Hey Kyle, I've lost my X-Pen. Worst week ever. Is there anywhere that I can buy more? Do you have a website? Hi Kyle... Just wondering if there will be a Xtylus? 30 day update: LOVING IT!!! I changed to a 0.5 tip which works better for general writing for me. Thanks, Kyle, for a great pen!!! Have just noticed that the metallic base of my pen actually acts as a capacitive stylus for my iPad and iPhone. Has anyone else discovered this?! Was this always part of the functionality or have I just found and Easter egg of sorts? Have just noticed that the metallic base of my pen actually acts as a capacitive stylus for my iPad and iPhone. Has anyone else discovered this?! Was this always part of the functionality or have I just found and Easter egg of sorts? Troy, I am having issues with the hi-tec refill as well. From what I can gather, the only solution is to return it and wait for a replacement. Is anyone else having issues trying to take out the refill? I can't seem to get mine out and have even tried hooking the refill to pull it out, but no amount of force has made that work. Seems like it's stuck on something on the inside... Got it today. Great balance. Thanks! Yes! Just received my X-pens here in the Netherlands. They look great! I expected them to be more glossy for some reason, but the mat finish looks great as well. There are some minor fabrication artifacts at the ends of the carbon fibre tube, but it's part of the charm to be honest :) Great product, thanks! This pen is simply amazing! Thanks for following through with such a great product, Kyle. Thankfully, I have not had any problems with cap being loose or getting stuck (at least not yet). There is a little bit of epoxy or something on the cap though, any thoughts on what might remove this without damaging the pen? After an initial problem of getting a stuck pen end piece out of the cap I am in love with this pen. It just feels right in my hand - Congratulations on a job well done!!! BTW The cap was stuck at first use. I used a long shafted easy-out (normally used for broken bolts) to free the end piece of the pen from the interior of the cap after finishing that, I wiped down the pen surfaces wirh a very light machine oil and hand buffed it. No more sticking and the carbon fiber has taken on a 3D look to it. My piece had no extra glue marks anywhere. Now fits well together and will likely get taken by the office leprechaun if I'm not careful. The Pen is wicked. I love the look. Received mine today. Perfect! The base etching is outstanding. My pattern was very intricate and they did a great job with it. Bravo, Kyle! Pen is great! As far as showing off to friends - how safe is it to try bending? I assume it's too ridig to bend, but I'm also afraid to try! I still haven't received my pen. I am getting worried as you said the products were shipped more than a week ago. Were all of them ship out? Have all pens been shipped out yet? Hey Kyle: Thanks for such a great product... I have been using my pen for almost two weeks now and I am loving it! But I also have experienced the same issue Anthony V has. The cap is loose and as I was working I noticed the pen had leaked blue ink into the cap. I had not noticed this before because I was carrying my x-pen in my bag. I also cleaned the inside of the cap with a qtip. When I tried to take the refill out it got stuck and could not do it... Can I send it and have it exchanged as you suggested? What is the address? Hey Kyle: I was wondering if the shipments to Alaska were included in the first wave of pens shipped out. Haven't seen it yet. Thanks John I've had my pen for a few days and I love it. The weight, the design, the spring loaded effect are great. The o-rings work great and the refill slides out easily. The only issue I have is with the cap. Mine is quite loose, which is a problem as I have been bringing it everywhere, safely tucked in my front pocket. Then, after using the pen earlier today, I noticed a big blot of ink on my fingertip. It turns out that because the cap fit is loose, the tip of the pen presses against the end of the cap (inside) and leaks. Some got on the tip of the pen. I used a qtip to mop up the rest of the ink from inside the cap. Has this happened to anyone else? Is there any way to prevent it from happening? (besides not carrying the pen around with me) . I'm sure there's a fix to be had. Kyle, thanks for doing this project and making one seriously unique and very cool pen. Just received the X-Pen. Great product! I have no complaints. Like Michael Nickerson said, it's actually better than I expected! The back weight makes writing smooth, and mixed with the Hi-Tec-C refill, every writing experience so far is perfect. I'm actually pretty proud to own it knowing those around me won't have one! Congratulations on the great idea and turn-out! I am unable to get the refill out. Any suggestions? I received my pen on Saturday, and I think it's very good! It's actually better than I expected - smoother than thought carbon fiber would be, with spring action, and it seems to be nicely finished. I haven't experienced any of the problems reported by others. Thanks for the pen! I received my pen on Saturday and have been using it for a few days. Overall, I really like the pen but do have a few observations: I really like the feel of the pen. I don’t find the weight of the back of the pen to be an issue, but with the cap on the back is does add a little extra weight that some might find uncomfortable. I haven’t had any issues with the cap and the end of the pen. I think the reason for this is the the end was difficult to get back in as it is a very tight fit. I also didn’t have much trouble getting the refill, but it did take a little work. The cap fits well, but I don’t know if that will change over time. I really like the idea of a screw on cap, and prefer them, but I think that might change the overall design of the pen. As for the refill, I would actually prefer the refill coming out of the front of the pen, maybe if the tip unscrewed. This would also allow the back of the pen to be glued and a set of o-rings could possibly then be used in the cap for fit, or some other form of pressure fitting where you wouldn’t need to worry about the back being removed with the cap. The main thing I would change would be a clip on the cap. I know the original idea was a desk pen, but since I spend most of my time going to meetings and interviews, it would be nice if it had a clip so that it could travel in my front pocket. Of course I realize that this complicates the manufacturing. Finally picked up my pen and have been playing. Initial feedback: 1. I like the weight and feel of the pen, though probably being back weighted isn't ideal ergonomically. The pen is light enough it isn't an issue for my degree of us. 2. Aesthetically I like the fact that the carbon fiber pattern on the cap and barrel are different for contrast. Some people might want them to be the same, but I like the contrast. 3. The cap is already loose enough that if it rubs down it might become too loose, If so, I'll probably just put a bit of scotch tape along the inside of the cap for increased friction. 4. My refill comes out perfectly fine. Yay. 5. The tab at the bottom came out okay, but was a bit stiff putting it back in (better than being too loose.) I'm going to avoid seating the cap on the butt given the known issue there. 6. The glue used to attach the stainless head to the cap was applied messily and not cleaned up. There are a couple small epoxy spots on the cap, and one significant smear of it right by the stainless steel head. #6 is a bit disappointing as it isn't a materials issue. I'm curious if there is some way to remove the epoxy or whatever form of glue it is without destroying the surface of the carbon fiber cap. As for future design variants, I'd probably want the pen to load from the top or break open in the middle. Loading from the bottom will always pose risks for jamming especially with a pen with a sensitive/thin nub that you can't really put as much pressure on to pop out if stuck. A top loaded pen might also be suited if you do decide to use an insert with an outward thread so a future cap could screw on. It would also help balance the pen better, as it is a fine weight, but a bit back weighted. Anyway, thanks for the pen. I'm sure I'll get good use from it. If you have any suggestions on the cap and the epoxy/glue smear I'd appreciate them. Overall its a lovely pen With regards to the end cap on the pen. I suppose the best thing is for a screw in fitting instead of a press fit. Carbon fiber can't be tapped like metal, so maybe glue in something along the lines of this... <url>"kickstart" projects and bring them to market. My assumption all along has been that people needing backing are in various stages of design/testing/marketing/production for what SHOULD be products that will be out there in the world. I never considered that anyone would approach pledging solely as a shopping tool and then keep requesting updates to get the item as quickly as possible. Those projects which raise a considerable amount of capital above their "needs" (of which the X-Pen is one) should use those funds to further their vision - make the best product they can, test it judiciously, and send when (and ONLY when) it is ready. Sadly, I am finding this to be exception rather than the norm. That saddest part is that now I really have hesitate and take a long, hard look at WHO is posting projects and what their intentions are before I will pledge again. Each project that is put into a consumer's hand without careful thought, testing, and completion is a detriment to the Kickstarter community as a whole. Kyle, you did a great job with the initial concept and design, and have followed up nicely with updates. In retrospect, I can see that the cap idea came about only a few days into the project launch, and based on the comments already (splinters, stuck end caps) you probably should have taken more time to get that element properly situated before shipping. In short, this has been an opportunity to get it exactly how you want it sitting on retail shelves before shipping to us. We are your best marketing source! Hope you have learned more than a little along the way, unfortunately at our slight expense. I'm sure version 2 will be terrific. Thanks for the updates Cory. Does seem like a 1.1 design tweak'll be in order. Guess I'll need to be careful when capping mine when writing. *Hint hint* A swappable end with stylus tip might be a good solution as the curve should mean it is less likely to get stuck. ;) Crap, sorry, doing this from my phone, here's the picture... www.imgur.com/wRUF5.jpg Here's a picture of my stick cap solution... www.imgur.com/ciRKZ It was a standard dry wall screw, but anything just slightly larger than the whole would work. It doesn't thread in exactly like a screw, it just kinda wedges in there allowing you to pull the end cap out. Hey Cory- Any idea what diameter/thread screw you used? I don't have a pair of needle nose small enough and tweezers aren't gripping it well enough. Okay, got the end cap out... Needle nose pliers would work, if you had a pair of super tiny ones. I ended up using a drywall screw, threading the first couple threads into the bottom of the end cap and pulling it out that way. This issue may suggest a slight design change... making that end cap tapered or altering it's shape somehow so it doesn't get stuck in the pen lid, but you can still remove it to change the refill. My refill was stuck too. There's a little collar around the end of my (personally purchased) refill. So it's a snug fit in there. I just tapped the pen upside-down on the table with a good amount of force to get it out. I suppose an alternative there is to push a paper clip up from the other way to force it out. Another suggestion would be the ends of the pen. The cutting process has left some ragged edges. The end of my pen cap does not have that issue. It's smooth. I'm not sure if I just happened to get the end of the carbon fiber tube stock for my pen cap, of if the cutting process there was cleaner or different, but that edge is much nicer. I saw the comment on the included piece of paper about a sliver and laughed it off before I saw these ragged edges. Maybe it will be an issue. It's not severely ragged, just enough to notice. Okay, now that the flaws are exposed... let's get some praise in. These sorts of things are going to happen on version 1 of a product. Now it's on Kyle to make improvements for future products and releases of this one. But I did get two unsolicited comments about the pen around the office. They loved the carbon fiber look. I like the weight. I expected the carbon fiber to be super light. So I'm left to assume that the two ends are steel. I supposed I assumed they would be aluminum just to make the machining easier. Anyways, the weight is nice. Any how, I'm satisfied at $50, but before I'd be comfortable purchasing one at retail price, there's probably some issues that should be resolved. I think that's the point of kickstarter though... Good work Kyle. So I ran into the same problem as Cory. End cap is stuck in the lid. Also, the refill won't come out of the barrel so I can't swap it out. Any suggestions? Strangely, the only issue I seem to be having with mine is that after about a day, the cap started to lose its... grippiness. It doesn't hold as tight as it did as first, and if I don't manually twist it around so it catches, it doesn't hold at all. It's all fun and games until the end cap for the pen gets stuck in the lid. Any suggestions for getting it out would be appreciated. Does the top of the pen lid come off, so I could push the end cap out through the top? Just received my X-Pen, figured I'd drop my feedback off here. Love it so far, it has a good heft to it - though most of it seems to rest in the back, which isn't a surprise. There are a couple of small nicks and scratches on it, but I couldn't tell you if it came that way or if I did it, since I didn't exactly make a close examination first thing out of the pouch. All the little things really make it perfect though. The way it gives when you push hard, the snug fitting of the cap on both ends - they're what really make me love it. I think I might have to order five or six more. I'll definitely be keeping a close eye on the site in case some more awesome pops up that demands my money. Hey Kyle, how is progress, really curious :) Kyle- What are the chances of a friend who missed out on the kickstarter funding to purchase the pen? @Matthew: I've made several orders from jetpens.com and have been very satisfied with their service. Jetpens has the whole range of colors/tip sizes. Any idea the best place to find refills? A very interesting project and I'm glad Kickstarter design stuff is spreading all the way to Idaho (spent a semester at Idaho Falls back when I was an exchange student before I'd moved to the US permanently). Anyway, I pledged for cap+base option since I work in an office but also need a pen in meetings. You will also have my money when titanium tips will be available. The only thing that could make this pen better, IMHO, is a rubber sleeve to put on a barrel to make it a bit finger friendly (those type of pens were a life saver in college). edit: Wedge base, not cube. Congratulations on getting funded, Kyle! I'm really looking forward to seeing this pen in person. I love the Hi Tec C and I love anything carbon fiber. It's like that "You got your peanut butter in my chocolate - No, you got your chocolate in my peanut butter" commercial. I have my design for the cube base ready to go. That was fun for me (I'm not the most artistic fellow in the entire world). Good luck and keep us informed! Hi Kyle. Congratulations on a wonderful looking pen. I have pledged at the $65 level and added $5 for International shipping. Hope this is correct? The X pen got funded... Congrats!!!! I prefer black ink only and will not use blue pens. Can you create a pre- bulk order spreadsheet for the backers to check their preference ? Thanks in advance. Just a question- in your video you write down the different tip sizes, do we get to choose which tip size we receive, or is it one size for everyone?