Thanks Stuart - we really appreciate the feedback, and the referrals! Cheers, Chris. Thank you all for the kind words and the great link! @Steve Schaffer - thanks - you made our day! And I have been using my small press every day for well over a year, and the fiter is holding out well. These big filters are even more beefy, so will last a long time. Cheers, Chris. @Al Byrne - emailed to you. Cheers, Chris. @Leo Hsu - you are brewing close to the amount we would use in a single serve press (300 g water with ~18-20 g coffee). The large press is really made for larger volumes. With the large press, the smallest amount I would brew is about 600 g water with ~36 g coffee. Cheers, Chris. Thanks @David Lustig! @Steven Kalz - definitely something we have heard before! The small press is sold at a lot of retailers in the US. You can see them here: <url>#12 on Kickstarter page for tips on brewing and we are working on more tips/brewing instructions etc that we will post on the Espro website shortly. Feedback welcome on this! @Steve Schaffer - Great news! Let us know how you go?! @Steve Schaffer - you will get a notification/tracking number from our shipping partner who are tirelessly working their way through all the rewards. We appreciate your patience and sorry for any confusion! @Steve Schaffer and @Steven Kalz - typically Canada Post within Canada, UPS within the US, and TNT internationally. Our shipping company has committed to this Friday, so you should be seeing your presses shortly! Cheers, Chris. @Tip Harte - let us know if our last update didn't answer your question! Cheers, Chris. @Brett Cruickshank - we plan to get everything out within a few weeks! @Mark Goodman - we started shipping them out March 29! We are working hard to get them all out as soon as we can. Cheers, Chris. @Steve: we are definitely going to provide as much helpful information and some tips to make sure you have every chance of enjoying the perfect cup! That's what Espro is all about! The packaging will have step by step instructions for optimum brewing and maintenance and we will provide another project update with some handy hints once we start shipping shortly. In the meantime, take a look at the FAQs on the project page for some answers on recommended grinds, water temperature, brew time and our favourite origins etc. @Chad we just posted a new update (#12) over the weekend and as it says, we are nearing the end of the first production run and expect to start shipping this week! Not long now..... @Chae - that is correct. Just pledge $170 in the "Pledge $85 or more" category. Best Regards, Chris. @Fjola, there is no polycarbonate in the filters. The polymer is an FDA approved polypropylene. We buy the polymer from the US, and mold in Canada, so we have complete control over the material. @JulieY - hi there. I expect that for most people, the filter will last the life of the carafe. The small press has been on the market for over a year, and we haven't had to offer replacement filters for sale yet! We will be setting up the ability to buy replacement filters this year though. It can all go in the dishwasher, but I would keep the filter on the top rack. Washing by hand might extend the life of the filter if your diswasher is rough on things. Cheers, Chris. @Gene - thanks, that is true about the double wall. And as we have vacuum insulation between the walls, our temperature drop will stay even more consistent! And it keeps it hot after brewing as well. Cheers, Chis @Dean - thanks for backing us - we really appreciate it! A land line would have been good. I'll make a note to send this idea to Kickstarter at the end of the campaign. If Amazon can take other payments by phone, maybe they could do it here too. Cheers, Chris. @Al, you are right - we will put together something shortly to make it clear. I'll check into your specific example and email you. Cheers, Chris. @Yusuke Sakata - I'll send you an email with the details. Cheers, Chris. @Harry - More math for you! Let's say that 7 g/tablespoon is the high end for density. 5 g/tablespoon is the low end for density. That would be 3.5 tablespoons for 18 g, and 12 tablespoons for 60 g. Once you get into the ballpark, adjust up or down to taste! Cheers, Chris. @Harry - One tablespoon is about 7 g of coffee. So about 2 1/2 tablespoons, 8 teaspoons, or 38 ml will get you 18 g of coffee. This is fairly rough - darker roasts will be much different than lighter roasts. Also note that for a liter of water in the big press, you will want about 60 g of coffee. That is somewhere around 9 or 10 tablespoons. Cheers, Chris EOM (end of math). @Atpro - for optimal filtering, we recommend using a minimum of 600 g water with 36 g coffee with the large press - this makes about two cups. For a single cup of coffee, we recommend using the single serve version. Cheers, Chris. We made it! We posted an update to officially thank everyone. Cheers, Chris. Hi Soren, we've had a lot of comments back about the small version being much easier to clean than a typical french press, so I think you will be pleased! Cheers, Chris. I have been using my Espro Press for a little over a month now and I must say this pot makes one of the very best cups of coffee - smooth,flavorful, with no bitterness or acidity in fact so good that I have stopped adding cream so that I can enjoy the coffee to full effect. Excellent product, well made, easy to clean and produces wonderful coffee. I recommend to all my friends and colleges. Did you guys see this? Congrats on some good "press!" <url>— and best of all, is easy to keep clean. I can't be happier, and am telling all my friends about it. Thanks! This user's account has been deleted. Hi folks, I've now received my 2 x large (and 2 x small, also) Espro Presses, courtesy of the Kickstarter campaign, and couldn't be happier. Great coffee! Is there a link available to allow me to download *.pdf versions of the instruction sheets that were included with each of the presses? Like lots of people, I'm trying to lead a paperless life to the maximum extent possible, so I've scanned the originals and recycled the paper. The quality of the scans will, however, never be as good as an original *pdf file. Can you help me out, please? Best regards... The press is perfect. Remember all to experiment with the amount of beans and the grinds. Whatever the instructions recommends on the gram weight just do it and it will be perfect. I also add about 5 more grams to give it a little "kick" I have 4 of your presses and probably going to get 5. This is the best press ever if I need to show off to my friends its the Espro press. My brand new Espros came in the other day. I followed the instructions as written... and WOW! That is some awesome coffee! Thanks so much for your creativity and work! Good luck with future endeavors. When I try to make a smaller amount, it seems like a lot is wasted? I put in 385g of water and 26g coffee, this usually gives me 3 cups of coffee with other presses, but when I do this for the Espro, I only get 1 cup. And then when I clean out the Press there's a bunch of liquid/coffee still left below the filter that's wasted. What's the deal? Bruce - thank you!!! My press arrived the other day and it is beautiful - additionally it makes the best coffee ever. Even more impressive is how easy the press cleans up and is ready for the next pot. My wife doesn't understand why I needed another French Press - I told her this is the "ONLY" Espro Press we have all the others will soon appear at the neighborhood ARC Thrift Store A great THANKS! This has been one of the best cups of coffee my wife and I have ever had! Now that we have the Cadillac device for making coffee, we would love if you can either e-mail us or post some of the best beans you have tried today. We now want to explore some great beans, but would like to know where to buy and what to buy! Again Thanks and we hope to spread word to all of our local coffee and Chocolate shops for them to Buy The Espro Presses for their customers to enjoy! As a self-professed coffee snot (not connoisseur but appreciator), and in love with the ritual of making good coffee, the Espro Press is a wonderful addition to the ritual. It has taken its place in line up of the temperature-controlled kettle, burr girder, and my coffee cup. And the coffee ... Divine! ... and worthy of a second cup. I shall wish the experience upon everyone. Thank-you1 I need a nice 24oz coffee cup!! You gotta make one please!!! I'll give you 10,000 pennies! Plus I need to buy the small press as well for when I need to make espro pressed coffee in the morning for myself before work.. Where can I buy it? I've had my large Espro Press for a week and I am more than happy with it. I do a coarse grind, and as long as I don't go over the top line with both water and coffee, I get a perfect brew every time, no grounds. I pour half into my 20 oz mug, and the rest goes into my preheated dual-walled Klean Kanteen which keeps it hot for hours. Yo Bruce, you need to make a sweet S.S. dual-walled vacuumed coffee cup for me!!!! I'll back that! Thanks Again Will Smooth...that is the best way to describe the Espro press. I used medium roast beans from Costa Rica and the end product was excellent. I've had 14 cups of coffee in the last 36 hours. Not really but this press makes me want to have coffee 24x7. It's that good. I got my espro today.. I love it.. I just need to add more beans next time.. Woohoo! Just picked up my package from TNT (AU, NSW South Coast). This is looking VERY good. Time to make a test brew..... Can't wait! Tomorrow is the day I get my EsPro!! This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Cleaning question: do I just need to take the 2 baskets apart from each other to clean? I couldn't disassemble the smaller basket--didn't want to try 'too' hard! @EsproPress Is there a website you recommend or can you release an update that gives us the best grind to water and coffe bean total for the perfect cup of coffe for the large Espro Press? This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Yup, Carson International is also what I had on my UPS as well. Yes me too! From CARSON INTERNATIONAL. I think I just got a tracking Id for the Espro Press.. It's coming via UPS. This user's account has been deleted. so all the espro will be shipped out by this friday? I am so ANXIOUS to get this Espro Press! I cannot wait to have my coffee pressed from this espro. I've used this press at least once a day since I've gotten it and so far the best setting on my Baratza Marstro Plus is 30 on the dial. I'm using an Ethiopian blend coffe I got from Cost Co. Was not a big fan of it when i used it on my drop coffee. But when I pressed it (12 tbsp) at this setting. Wow! It's a completely different tasting coffee. Rich bold full of flavor and. No grit. There's some very fine dust at the bottom but definitely not sludgy. One word of warning for those eager to clean their pot right after pouring the last contents of pressed coffee beware the handle gets really hot! I read it on the manual so i was aware of it. I guess that's one drawback of an all stainless steel construction... It conducts heat really well. That's good news ArcNerd. I cannot wait to receive my Espro Press.. I have a french pressed coffee every morning before I head into work.. I got my Espro Press last week! All I can say is wow! The build quality is beyond anything I've seen in any coffeepress and it makes the best coffee I've ever had. This is the best coffee maker I have ever purchased and I'm serious when I say I don't want any other press. Well done Espro! Got my Espro Press!! Can't wait to start using this. One thing to note, the double filter on this press is different from the original personal sized espro press. This one has more of a dual vertical filter design, the top part of the press is wide open and no micro screens there. I can't wait to try this. BTW I'm in Toronto, Canada. Just got my burr grinder from Amazon, now patiently waiting for my Espro Press. Can't wait Hope I'm one of the lucky ones who gets mine this week or next! Received my Espro press late last week, and I have to say I couldn't be happier with the product. Excellent design. Exceptional materials and construction. Really nice to see such a professional and innovative product designed in Vancouver! Great job to all involved. Have not received anything other than an email requesting my address. Please provide me with a shipping date. Thank you. My package just arrived and it looks awesome, can't wait to brew my first cup! Bruce When will you be shipping my six units to Australia ? @Bruce Constantine: Is there any way to tell if mine was included in the first shipment? I'm in Iowa, zip is 52402. Literally wanting to plan an event with people coming over to try it out, so I'd like to know in advance if possible :) How are they being shipped - USPS or UPS/FedEx? Thanks in advance! Just got mine! I can't wait to use it this long weekend. Just got mine in the mail today! Yay! Has the product started shipping? This user's account has been deleted. Are we getting any closer to delivery? I just realized that it's late March already...would appreciate an update. Can I name my future child Espro? Just to clarify...to be rewarded 2 large presses I should increase my pledge amount to $170? When I do that it states, "Pledge=$170,Reward=$85". Is that all I need to do to receive 2 large presses? What kind of plastic is used in the filters? Does it have any polycarbonate in it? Please confirm it does not and I will raise my pledge to get one of your awsome Espro Press :-) Thanks Bruce, hello and a couple of questions: -- Should the filters last for the life of the carafe, or do they need to be replaced periodically (every "x"vcups, yearly, etc)? -- Also, can the carafe and/or filters go in the dishwasher? (Heresay, I know, but such is modern life.) Thanks. Looking forward to delivery!! @Barry The insulating double wall actually helps make the coffee better. The reason is the insulation helps maintain the water temperature at 200 degrees so you get optimal extraction and balance of flavors. I have a Frieling double wall stainless pot and i can tell you it makes superior coffee to the regular glass pots. I pre-heat the Frieling so that there is no temperature drop below 197 during brewing. You will be blown away by the quality of your brew when these Espro's arrive. A phone number to call to order securely over land line would've been nice.. with the advent of hackers gaining credit card information from data warehouses, I almost didn't back the project. I did it for my wife, I'm positive she'll love the coffee this makes! Bruce/Chris - many thanks for the recent update... Bruce - the FAQ really needs to address the 'seeking multiple examples' case. I need to manage my pledge to cover 2 x large Espro Press, shipped to AU. Is $240 correct?. Thanks for what will be, I'm certain, a great product! I am really looking forward to getting the Espro Press. Well, is it possible to get 2 single-serve Espro Press? If it possible, please let me know the price that I should add to my pledge. I see that the filter housing is made out of plastic. What is the mesh made out of? Also, is there any health concern about using plastic with boiling water? Just want to make sure :) Thanks! Stupid question, but will this be dishwasher friendly? Chris, wunderbar and thank you! I look forward with even greater anticipation to the first exquisite sip. No more Timmies for me! Ok,call me old fashioned. How much in units of a teaspoon or millilitre does the volumetric equivalent of 18 grams come out to? I like the slight uncertainty this can provide in my coffee tasting adventures. Mathematical proof welcome ;-) Awesome thanks for the quick response. good to know. where would be a good place/ best price to pick one up as I live in vancouver? Thanks What are people's thoughts using this larger sized press for single servings. 18 g's do you think it will affect the taste compared to using the smaller espro press or produce the same outcome? Just wanted to make sure before I buy the larger one as it will be nice to use this when the guests are around. Thanks CONGRATULATIONS! ~I'll drink a good cup-o-joe to that... in the morning, that is! Happy New Years to you and the Espro Team! yayyyy its funded!!!! @Evan Heckert: You could upgrade your pledge to $150 which would get you one large Espro press along with the small single user one. ;-) Whoops, I mean $230. 123 backers so far, just need 2 more coffee-loving persons! $130 to go! Good deal. Is it safe to assume I'll be able to make single servings even with the large version? Most of the time I just make a cup or two for myself. Or perhaps open up the pledges to just a small one? Thanks! @Evan Heckert: If you look at the pledge area, estimated delivery is March 2012, assuming no unforseen issues. For those who have pledged, when do you expect that we'll receive our first Espro Press? I'm debating on whether to get a cheap french press before then. I'm dyin' to try something that's not a drip-through-paper-filter cup of coffee. Any suggestions on something to tide me over? Thanks! @Barry Spital: settle down... The real celebration will be achieving the goal and eventually having a good cup of coffee to toast Chris, Bruce and the rest of Team Espro. 95% everyone!!!!!!!95% everyone!!!!!!!95% everyone!!!!!!!95% everyone!!!!!!!95% everyone!!!!!!!95% everyone!!!!!!!95% everyone!!!!!!!95% everyone!!!!!!!95% everyone!!!!!!!95% everyone!!!!!!! Whats important is we can have more then one cup of Joe with this new gadget. I personally have 3 Espro presses and it will be nice to have a big one! I don't care about the double wall thingie, because there is one thing you do when you make a good french press is you drink it immediately! You want that cup of java nice and hot and fresh. Just my 2 cents. I can't wait to get this bad boy funded and get my large press!!! I might buy a second larger press if I get more friends hahhahhaa This is going to go great with my coffee joules, hope you guys get the rest of the funding soon The concept with a double filter (easy to clean, hopefully) is a neat idea! Good luck!