Hi Ragnar, The website seems to be working for me...<url>"great" startups more often than not have tough beginnings and patches along their journey, but great founders use those rocky moments to gain as many lessons as possible about what can be done to improve. That's a major part of being a founder and although launching your first product can be a super awkward phase its one you can't hide if you fund your company through a public means like Kickstarter. We really wanted and planned to deliver on time, but one of the biggest things we learned is that producing a product through a VERY popular board game manufacturer can look great on paper (and produce a beautiful product) while at the same time be super frustrating, especially with lack of communication they provided us during the printing and shipping process (no matter how much we begged/pleaded) which leads to frustration for our backers and us. We provided updates to our backers throughout the process based on the limited information we were being given once it was in the hands of our manufacturer. We have learned so much throughout this process about manufacturing (e.g. all the extra steps they don't share until you start going, and that sometimes the manufacturing partner you're working with is actually an agency possibly of another agency that works with the actual manufacturer and as a result an internal game of telephone is created which provides little transparency of where you are in the printing and shipping process), and the shipping of our games (e.g. shipping on boats from different continents that make multiple stops, can take around a month to arrive). With these learning we've now spoken to multiple other manufacturers and identified a new manufacturer that is cheaper (because there are less middle men) and seems to have much better transparency around process and timing as we are now talking directly to the actual manufacturer. So in the near future when we print new batches of the game we will be better and faster in producing it. We hope you do enjoy playing the game and we are happy to answer questions or hear feedback. Just email us! We are always looking to see how we can improve our process and the product. We just got confirmation today on when the games will be arriving at our distribution center. I will post an update tonight to let everyone know expected dates for shipping to your homes/offices. Hi Devon, We are still waiting on the prototypes from the board game printer. The good news is that the prototype games should be here in the next few days and then I'll post an update with photos and more info on when all the games will arrive at our distributor. We cannot wait to get the games shipped to you all!!! Hi Ragnar! We are still waiting on the physical proofs of the game to arrive from our printers (taking longer than we originally expected). I am hoping that the proofs will get here in a week or so and I'll post a big update as soon as they arrive. Unfortunately, we can't print the bulk of the games until we make sure the proofs look ok, so an April delivery date is looking un-doable...but we are hopeful that we can get the games to you all in May! Let me know if you have any other questions, etc! -Jenna Hi Ryan, Thank you for checking in. We've received our digital proofs from the printers and we are now waiting on the physical proofs. Once we get the "proof" boxes, I'll post photos and an update that will include a better idea of when you all should be receiving your games. Thanks! -Jenna Thank you so much, Ryan! I had an awesome time test playing the game with your team a few months ago. Can't wait to get the games you ordered to you. We really appreciate your support! We are planning on hosting a game play night with a journalist from Forbes who wants to write an article on the game and we will definitely invite you to that. Hi Jian, It was wonderful meeting you at AlleyBoost in NYC! We really enjoyed speaking with you. Thank you so much for your support of The Next Big Thing board game. Please keep us posted on what you're working on too. Thank you for your support, Arie! That's awesome. We can't wait to send you your copy of "The Next Big Thing". Thank you, Kevin! We appreciate it. Your website seems to be down. Mine arrived and I played with my family this weekend. Loved it! Such a good teaching tool for kids. Thank you Jenna and Sky! Mine arrived today. I will see about playing it with a couple of my professors next week. I find it very ironic, this game, a game about new businesses, and as far as I could tell, how to make a good company, so far, is the worst project I've backed in terms of delivering on time, updates and all the stuff that keeps the hype going. Hey guys - Any word on delivery dates yet? What's the word? Everything arrive? So, it's been a month since the last post here.... what's the good word? Sad about no updates, however my teachers at business school will get just as much of a kick out of this in the fall as they would in the spring. any update on printing/shipment? its been over a month with no news. A little more guys ... so we can hit the stretch goal. Any updates. Its the last day The entire team at www.seedinvest.com is excited to support this amazing project! Met you guys at AlleyBoost Startup Expo in NYC. Happy to see you on Kickstarter. All the bestssss! Sky & Jenna, I used to love playing "Careers" as a kid. Love this idea - best of luck! Arie Didn't have a lot of money, but donated to wish you luck of a great start. Good luck!