Please contact us at <email> if you have issues with your Thermodo. Thanks! @Daniel. Thermodo app is already in the Google Play store. Check here for the device compatibility <url>♥ @Malte There's still quite a few people who haven't received theirs yet, and there'll still be more going out in the coming weeks. There's quite a lot of logistical work in getting this many units to their destinations. The good news is there's only about 200 units that hasn't shipped yet (but still hundreds that have shipped but not arrived) Your particular order is awaiting stock at the UK warehouse, because a small number of black thermodos meant for that warehouse ended up in LA. This might not seem reasonable to you as a single person, but this is the real world challenges of shipping on this scale. You'll receive an email once your thermodo is shipped from the UK warehouse. As for everyone else who have gotten a shipping notification but still hasn't received their thermodos (even though your estimate said you would) - please allow 1-2 more weeks time for the holiday shipping frenzy to come back to normal levels before reporting suspicions of lost packages. We don't have any way of checking where your package is, and chances are they'll turn up in the meantime. :) Hi Everyone! Just dropping a note here, reminding you that this isn't the place for support questions. Without proper inline replies, it's hard to give structured support. Contact us directly (use the 'contact me' right next to that big robocat logo in the right hand side) that way we'll much better be able to offer you personal support. But remember to read up on the faq first <url>❤️ @Greg Thanks Greg! We'll take a look at it. We're polishing up the re-initialization of thermodo and are trying to come up with clever ways of detecting wether it's a headphone or a thermodo plugged in, but it's very experimental at this stage. @Massimiliano Sorry that you feel that way. The package does include messages to the kickstarter backers and a huge 'Thanks!' on the back, so not sure what you had expected more. As for the companion app, it is very focused on just getting the temperature and we feel like that has been the advertised first step the whole time. More advanced functionality can be introduced in the future either by us or by 3rd party developers using our SDK (<url>"Before Christmas" was never a promise but a hope, and we're surprised and a little proud that we've managed to ship so many already in the busiest time of the year. All we can say is that it looks like the wait won't be much longer. @Brian we deffinitely want to look at Amazon next year. @Chuck thanks for the correction. We'll also look into the Note devices next year! That faq link did not like upper case x). This is the proper link <url>"calibrated". The Sensor we're using is a high-precision sensor with accuracy in the decimals. The temperature you're measuring is the exact temperature of the sensor in that environment. It literally can be those 5-10F (or even more) hotter around your device. It's important to note, because it's not really an issue with the actual technology - it's behaving as intended. The challenge is (if you're aim is to monitor the ambient temperature) to come up with a way to compensate and communicate this difference. Unfortunately, there is no 'one-size-fits-all' here. If you're a big aficionado, and you really want the most exact temperature reading, you'll need to minimize the time the sensor interacts with the heat sources, namely you and the device. Extension cables is a great way to do this, but also just leaving it in the environment undisturbed for a while and taking the measurement with a cold device and minimal handling can help. @Karl @Eugene Regarding warmer measurements, be sure to read that particular entry in the FAQ <url>’ll look into legacy versions of iOS compatibility in the beginning of next year and evaluate our options. @Gary Absolutely! And be sure to let us know how the testing goes. Have fun out there. @Gary Have you actually tried having it in your pocket for a day and seeing if it jumps out? As we've said earlier - you'll be surprised how well it works - it has been meticulously engineered to spring out when you need it and otherwise stay in. We've never lost any sensors in all the time we've been testing it. The video Adam is linking to shows it operating exactly as designed and within acceptable parameters. By all means, take good care of your thermodo, but know that it should stay in there within regular usage. Thermodo.com now has a link to the App store and we've put together a neat little FAQ to help answer some of the most common questions we're hearing. Check it out: <url>"Pay for us to be able to give aluminium to everyone". Our Premium Thermodos are more than twice as expensive to produce than the regular ones, so trying to somehow connect those dots are just crazy. The fact that we where able to leverage the overall increase in funding to streamline and improve the entire production for all Thermodos has nothing to do with charity from a certain group of backers - it was possible with everyones help and a lot of hard work. Now on to the good news. Premiums are no longer delayed. They're going out together with the regular Thermodos. We've worked very hard with our suppliers over the past weeks to close the gap, and they were able to hit the target deadline. The biggest mistake we've made regarding the Premiums, was communicating that they would go out before the regular ones. I want to emphasize though, that announcement wasn't made in the original pitch while you were deciding which tier to fund, but a later update after funding had closed. Ultimately however, that call was made too early, as we faced a lot more challenges creating the premiums that we knew of when we made the announcement. If anything, that serves our point of being reluctant in giving out schedules and dates. We'll have a pretty cool shipping update to share with you all soon. So stay patient, we're almost there. :) @Michael LaBella & others with similar gripes, I just want to jump in here with a bit of updated information. As of right now, the actual premium shipping is roughly a week behind the regular Thermodos. Now this can obviously change as they pass through final Q&A, but I wanted to convey that the actual difference that is being debated here is negligible in the big picture. Currently, Premiums stand to go out shortly after regular Thermodos. And again, i can't reiterate enough that once you see the premiums you'll instantly see and feel the difference from a regular thermodo - they are as we always envisioned it, decidedly premium. - Michael @Michael LaBella An interesting discussion that I don't mind spending some time formulating a few thoughts on. I think most of your argument rests on the assumption that your product, the Premium, is less worth because the regular Thermodos are now made from the same material. Nothing could be further from the truth and once you see a Regular and a Premium Thermodo next to each other, there is no doubt that the Premium is decidedly *premium*. The pictures doesn't really do it justice. There's so many things that you are not considering here, making all Thermodos from aluminium was not only about improving the quality of the regular Thermodos, it was about setting up a much better production for all Thermodos, Premiums included. Instead of maintaining two serrate processes, the base knowhow and tools between the Thermodos can now be shared. The additional funds and time that has been sunk into streamlining this process benefits the entire lineup. Saying that moving the regulars to aluminium is somehow diminishing the value of the premiums is simply not true. If anything, it has made the Premiums even better. Once we made the call to go all aluminium, a decision that took months of work, we made sure that the Premium stayed distinctively different. The electrode engraving and the anodization and sand bead blasting process is much more costly and produces a radically different result than the regular Thermodos. Don't get me wrong, I'm very satisfied with how our automotive grade painted regular Thermodos have turned out, but the Premium ones are just as premium as they were always intended to be. The second part of your argument has more to do with *when* you receive your product, which i think is a bit unfair. Yes, a few months back we thought we could have the Premiums ready to ship out first - but as we know now, the process is even more delicate than we initially anticipated. The issues with the anodization is really not the Premiums fault (or ours for that sake) and I don't see how it has any impact on the perceived value of the final product. If anything, because these things are hard to make, they should be more worth. Taking a step back from the minute details, I'm baffled as to what you would have us to do to resolve this? Should we hold back all regular Thermodos until the Premiums are ready to ship? That doesn't really make much sense to us. This all comes back to the fact that Kickstarter is not a store. You're backing a vision, an idea - you're not necessarily buying an off-the-shelf product. Details do change and we think we've been very upfront about how they've changed and why they've changed. And honestly, we think they've changed for the better. The Premium is a little masterpiece and we couldn't be prouder of the result and I'm absolutely sure that when you receive yours, you'll love it. - Michael @Brandon Abelleira We'll have some more updates to share regarding shipping in the near future, but right now we don't know wether or not everything will go out at once or if it will go out in batches. We've had a few issues with the anodization on the premium ones, so it doesn't look like they'll go out before regulars. The question is now, if regulars will go out first or if all goes out together - we'll know more in the coming weeks. Our philosophy is, however, that we want Thermodos to start shipping as soon as possible - so when we have product, we'll ship it and fill the orders we can. As for the deadline, we can't make any guarantees that they'll arrive before christmas. We're working hard on making it happen, but in the end it's not entirely up to us. The factory is finalizing the full production run and even a minor hiccup could jeopardize a christmas promise. We also have unknowns like region specific customs etc. So in short: no promises, but we're doing everything we can. :) @Marie-Andree As we've said many times before, we're not giving out shipping dates before we're absolutely sure that the product is on it's way. That doesn't mean there aren't plans, contingencies and deadlines - however, these are so volatile that it really wouldn't make much sense to disclose them to the public. It's natural to desire a precise plan, we completely get it, but the truth is that every week, new issues and challenges arise that needs to be handled. Creating something like this isn't a neat progression from idea to product. It's a constant flow of decisions, reshuffling of priorities, revisions and above all, external factors beyond our sphere of influence. I don't expect all of our backers, particularly those that have never been part of creating a product, to understand. People handle this in many different ways. The way we've decided to do it is that we won't, in good faith, put out information about the schedule as long as we know it's liable to change. Instead we're trying to give you detailed information about the progress and show you interesting aspects of the project through rich updates. But right now, the most specific answer you'll get out of us is it looks like we'll deliver everything in 2013. If we knew more with certainty we would share it with you. :) @Travis McElroy We'll send out an email and give everyone a chance to change their address one last time before we ship them. @Rick Case Thanks Rick, that really means a lot to us. It's unfortunately not everybody who see it that way, but we're happy that some of the love we're pouring into communicating these things are well received. @Malcom Lounsbery 1) The Companion app is currently iOS 7 only. 2) There's no *current* plans for a Robocat created Thermodo Mac App, but we've already heard from a few developers who wants to work on one. In all honesty though, right now we're just focusing on delivering on the Kickstarter promises - we think we'll see a lot of fun integrations next year, and we might even do some of them ourselves. @Marie-Andree We've communicated everything that we can in the updates so far. Production is well underway - we don't have an official 'end date'. We have internal estimates - but nothing that will make sense to announce as these are highly susceptible to change (as we've seen in the past). but yes, we'll announce the shipment once all the units pass QC. @Michael LaBella Well it's a bit misleading to call it 0-series production. It's not actually the 0-series production - it's a smaller batch of the full production lineup. At this point we still think delivery within 2013 is a go. @Hadleigh Working hard on it. You should see it in this week and it's great! @Andrea Manzella Your comment seems to imply that there's something we can do (that we're not already doing) that can somehow speed up the process and get you your Thermodo faster. The "hurry up and get it done" that we've heard a few times from backers really doesn't apply to the process we're in. Our factories in China are working on the mass production, dealing with all the various challenges in producing 12.000 identical, electrically tested units. They'll take as long as they need - no more, no less. From what we're seeing now, you should all have your Thermodos well before Christmas - but knowing what we know about this process and the many challenges that can get in the way, it's simply still too early to announce. We'd rather be absolutely sure than give you a wrong estimate. Until then, the best thing we can do is keep everyone in the loop - bringing you as much inside and behind the scenes footage as possible. If you're not interested in that, you are more than welcome to skip it - but we're dead serious about telling this story and bringing everyone who's interested along for the ride. @John @Air Production is progressing, we should receive the 0-series production within the next 2-3 weeks and that will be the next major milestone. The completion of the entire first run is still too early to call. We've got some really sweet video out of China that we're preparing for the next update. @Adam Farden There is a chance, yes. The way we're doing it right now is that we are putting the final touches on the iOS application (for iPhone). We have simultaneously prepared and vetted a team of android developers who are ready to take over once the iOS app is feature-finalized. It's much easier to get on Google Play than on the App Store, so while the iOS app is done before the Android app, it's not unthinkable that one will precede the other. It all depends on how fast we can get the 0-series production and how fast Apple reacts to the app submission. @Hadleigh The current plan is that we'll get a small shipment send to us first of maybe abour 200 units, a sort of 0-series production, so that we can have the unboxing experience and see that they are all as they should be. We might send some of those out to a selection of the backers, probably the developers who will need units to implement Thermodo in their apps. After that we'll see how it goes - it could be in batches, or it could be by thermodo type - it really depends on how fast we can get them off the production line. We'll obviously keep everyone informed as it progresses :) @Hadleigh Great question! We are using the additional time on further improving the app. It's currently undergoing a lot of iterations and we think you are going to like it a lot. The thing about submitting it to the app store is that it's a bit of a special deal in this case. An app that requires hardware like ours can't just go through the regular approval process. Apple will need to do a custom approval process for the app, requiring us to send in test units of Thermodo for the app store team. We don't currently have any test units that we can send to them, and the first box of production-line Thermodos are still a few weeks out. Once we get those we'll send some to Cupertino along with the latest build of the app. As always, we are not giving out estimated dates before we feel like all the unknowables have been eradicated. We'll be sure to show some more of the app and Thermodo in action in the coming Behind the Scenes videos. :) @Julian and others First of all, we'll have a nice update for everyone next week, addressing exactly some of these questions. Let me just comment on some of your constructive criticism. 1) Actually this is only partly true. It's true that to some extent in the sense that once you have set up the proper mass manufacturing processes, creating a larger volume shouldn't take much longer. The big change here is actually that with the bigger order, came the opportunity to scale up and improve the entire project. We jumped at that opportunity, and we've changed just about every aspect of the original product. So you could say that the 10.000 units opened the door for a bigger, better and more complex solution. In the end, we'll have a better product because of the immense support you've given us - which we think is part of the kickstarter mentality. 2) We actually think we're pretty open and honest. If you look back at our efforts to keep you guys in the loop, you'll notice that we're putting out a high quality update every 3 weeks or so. That's the interval that has made sense so far in terms of resources and when there was something interesting to share. We're also spending quite a lot of time answering backer questions, emails or comments like these. We'll have a new update at some point next week discussing exactly some of these questions you raise, including the timeline and changes. 3) You have backed a vision, and we're doing our very best to execute on that vision. We've given a shipping estimate that names 'fall 2013' as the target - but we've also been very open about what's going on. When we're not giving out a more exact estimate, then it's simply because we don't know. It's not like we're keeping anything from you, we are not "shutting you out". In the current situation, giving out a specific shipping date would just be setting people up for disappointment. We'll let everyone know once we have something more tangible. Stay patient. We'll have a great update for you next week and we'll continue to bring you behind the scenes and show you whats going on. Pretty simple. 10X of Thermodos what we initially anticipated. Hi Terry, Things are still in line for shipping in fall 2013 - but we won't make any promises, or give out any dates before we're absolutely sure that the product is on it's way to you. We're keeping everyone up to speed through our updates, and you'll be the very first to know once we have something more tangible - but understand that we are very much in the process of making this thing. Nothing more can be done to 'speed up' the process. We want to stomp out a common misconception about these video updates we are making. They are not taking away any time or resources that would otherwise have been spend on the project. We are making these on our own dime, because we feel like it's an interesting addition to the story behind the project. They are not a distraction, they are an addition and one that we care deeply about. A lot of backers seem to enjoy them, but you are more than welcome to skip them. We can't stress enough, however, that they do not impact the work being done on the product itself. Think of them as a window into the progress. It makes the most sense to send out a Kickstarter survey soon after a campaign ends. That way, what people ordered is still fresh in their minds. Unfortunately Kickstarter doesn't allow us to send out multiple surveys, so within the first month of the campaign end is a good rule of thumb. We want to point out that we didn't send out the survey 'too early'. Had we waited longer we would have faced bigger issues than shipping address changes. It always pains us when there's misunderstandings. We can't give you a delivery date, it's not as simple as just 'get it done' and our videos are not impacting the work being done. We are sorry that you are frustrated, all we can say is that we are working around the clock to bring you a great product. @Stephen Golden We are sorry that you feel that way Stephen. It sounds like you might have misunderstood the intention of our 'Behind the Scenes' videos. They're a very candid look at the myriad of things going on in the production. They're meant to share the journey and admittedly that does include a bit of 'wandering'. The way we see it, we're doing everything we can to execute on the vision you backed. The videos and the storytelling is our way of bringing you closer to the process, but with or without them they're not changing the work being done. Trust us when we say that we are going to deliver on the product in the best way we can. @Wade We are aware that quite a few of our backers have probably moved or plan to move since they filled out the initial survey. Kickstarter doesn't allow us to send multiple surveys, but we've come up with a different system to manage these things. We'll send out an email before we start shipping where you'll be able to update your address. We can't do it manually for all the people who write us here, so be sure to follow the instructions once you receive that email in fall. Thanks! @Brady Sorry, this was a limited run, made to order for the backers. We'll let everyone know if they go on sale. @David Villalobos It's progressing nicely. We're running an internal beta at the office - we'll let you all know when we have some more to share on this. @Hadleigh At this point we honestly don't know. It depends on a couple of factors that are not entirely within our control, namely suppliers and the amount of sample batches we need before finalizing the 0-series production. Right now the word is 'Fall 2013' - we'll obviously update everyone once we know more. @Fred Vreeman Can't share any specifics with you yet. Temperature range is from -20° C to +50° C (-5º F to 120º F). No data on response time yet. No noticeable power draw. @Dwayne Miller Answered in direct message @Brandon answered in the comment of the latest update. @Marie-Andree Don't worry, tweeting and maintaining our company newsletter isn't taking any time or resources away from Thermodo. We realize that it can be hard to understand, but not every man hour can be used directly on the product - there's a lot more to running a company and parts of our team are always involved in a range of projects at any given time. We'll have some cool Thermodo news to share with you soon. @Chad There's no ads on the Thermodo companion app. Thermo app will have Thermodo support and will remain like now. Thermodo and Thermo are two different products. Just a quick update to let everyone know that a sample set of Thermodos are on their way to Robocat HQ, and we'll do a big production update once they arrive! We've worked hard on getting the colors and materials right, and we can't wait to share some more details with you, once we get our hands on this latest batch. @ Matthew No you can't. Thermodo uses sounds to communicate with your mobile devices. We are still sourcing all the final materials and evaluating the final Thermodo colors that look best. We will post an update once we receive the final production prototypes. We are making sure that everything is correct before creating these production prototypes, as these will represent the final product. We are going through the several hundreds of emails now. Hopefully the rest of the surveys will come later today. @Shane Christman We are still waiting for the final color samples. We are currently looking at this green color Luminous green #00BB2D. When anodizing the color might change a bit, so we need to do a few tests by the manufacturer. @John Palaima Kickstarter Green Thermodo will be anodized. @Jordy Bosma Specify all that in the last question. Just a quick update, Most of the surveys went out today. The rest of the surveys will go out in the beginning of next week! ♥ Ok, here's a quick update. The survey will be sent out soon. We have been asked by a few backers to delay this since their payments haven't been cleared. We have improved Thermodo's technical design and is collaborating with our engineering partner in Denmark on this. We are also trying to determine the exact colors for Thermodos and getting feedbacks from the manufacturer. Here's some answers to some of the questions that seem to be piling in right now: Dream Design Games Inc. is that you charging me? Yes that's us. It's the name of the company we're working with in the US. Sorry for the confusion. Can i change my pledge? Nope, there's not a lot we can do now that the campaign has ended. Everything is locked down now. Where do i choose my color? We'll send out a survey in the near future (possibly next week) where we'll get your rewards sorted out. It's a big job, as you can imagine. I missed the campaign, can i still get a Thermodo? Indeed you can! We just opened up for pre-orders on <url>ärdhagen While the Thermodos are engineered here in Denmark, they're assembled abroad and we're doing our fulfilment from the US. @Chris Maser We are still working on the type of the anodizing. Type 3 is possible but it depends of the finish. We obviously want to the best material suited for the aluminum Thermodos. @Brandon Avelleira The Red Thermodo will be produced the same way as the Black & White ones, and that means injection mold plastic for now - if we reach the 500K goal, then it's a different story. @Brandon Bouche We can't really give up specifics just yet. The truth is we're seeing very reasonable response times on our prototypes and they're not made from the same material as any of the final Thermodos and doesn't have the thermally conductive paste that is also going into the final ones. So in short, what we see now is very acceptable and it's only going to improve. Aluminium is going to be more responsive than plastic. @Ed V It snaps on real tight - just like it does in the device, we don't want anyone loosing their Thermodo. Thanks for the awesome support everyone! Almost 250K! @Jarrah Like @Noah wrote Aluminum = Aluminium :) @Douglas Reid All sizes of t-shirts should be available. We got confirmed that size 4XL is available as well. @Frank @Xavier Yes. That would be fine! @Nian The final Thermodo will be slimmer. We will test this then. Thanks for the hint. @Adam Farden Using Thermodo for long term measurement would not be a problem. Thermodo draws almost no power, hence almost no stress. @Ian Johnson Audio jack is not proprietary like the dock connector, so this shouldn't be an issue for Thermodo. @Hadleigh Their project is created for Kickstarter UK and are shipping from UK. Thermodos are shipped from US. While the Thermodos are engineered here in Denmark, they're assembled abroad and we're doing our fulfilment from the US. Kickstarter has some very particular rules about shipping; we can't charge americans for shipping (the system simply doesn't allow it) which means we've had to come up with alternatives for the logistics. So unfortunately there's not much we can do about the actual shipping price outside the US. @Benjamin Schlageter Yes. That would be fine. @Vincent Vong The premium Thermodo will be crafted from anodizaed aluminum and keep the exclusive unique look. How the final design of the black, white and red Thermodos will be in alumnium is yet to be determined. Hope to improve the quality of all Thermodos. @Naoki Funahashi @Trenton Davis We are not sure yet. If we get more requests we might add it as a stretch goal. @Tse Ka Leong We hope to release a SDK for Android as the same time. @David While the Thermodos are engineered here in Denmark, they're assembled abroad and we're doing our fulfilment from the US. Kickstarter has some very particular rules about shipping; we can't charge americans for shipping (the system simply doesn't allow it) which means we've had to come up with alternatives for the logistics. So unfortunately there's not much we can do about the actual shipping price outside the US. But we are working on a solution that at least ensures european purchasers that their Thermodos will be send from within the EU to avoid any overseas taxation. @Bruce Not sure what you mean Bruce. Michael is on vacation in Bali on his own, we're just grateful that he is doing work on the campaign. We assure you that we need all the funds we can muster- the more Thermodos we can put in this first production run, the better off everyone will be. Luckily we have dedicated people on our team pouring in both work and leisure time into making this a successful project. @David Cole A standard audio extention cable will work just fine, just like we showed in the video :) @Robert McCartney thanks for suggestion. I think it is a cool one! With Thermodo we aimed for the most simple solution we could imagine. It should be a regular thermometer for everyone. So, we know everything is better with a laser but in this case we decided to try it without. Unfortunately these kind of thermometers are not adequate for measuring the temperature in a room. They are more commonly used to measure the surface temperature of objects. Hence, they would not be very good for our primary application within weather apps. Nice thought, though. @Greg The retail price will be higher than the Kickstarter price. While the Thermodos are engineered here in Denmark, they're assembled abroad and we're doing our fulfilment from the US. Kickstarter has some very particular rules about shipping; we can't charge americans for shipping (the system simply doesn't allow it) which means we've had to come up with alternatives for the logistics. So unfortunately there's not much we can do about the actual shipping price outside the US. But we are working on a solution that at least ensures european purchasers that their Thermodos will be send from within the EU to avoid any overseas taxation. @ Rodolphe Bruneault Thermodo sends an audio signal through the temperature sensor. It allows your mobile device to read Thermodo's temperature straight from the audio input. @ Tse Ka Leong We will try and support Mac OS X, but might not be the same time as mobile. Mobile first. @nabeel masood Kickstarter doesn't allow this at the moment. You can add more to the pledge. We will send you a survey where you can specify which one you want and how many. Let's be clear. We are not changing the design of Thermodo. We want to try to get it as slim as possible. Remember we need to space in there to fit the sensor and a couple of components as well. @Stefan Munarini Yes. SDK will released for everyone, but those who pledged with SDK will have access to it earlier. @Pisan Kulkaew We will try what we can to accommodate users with a case/bumper, but it's very difficult to slim that part down and still have space for the sensor. It probably won't fit every variations of cases out there. We'll try to show this in more detail in an update. @Courtney The same awesome guys whom we collaborated with on Thermo for Android <url>’application THERMODO dans l’AppStore pour iOS mais je ne la trouve pas. MERCI DE VOTRE AIDE 👍🙂 The biggest problem I had was that it never had an accurate reading. Not with the "compensation" on or off. What's the point of it if you have to buy a special cable to use it? Now, if from the start of the campaign they had created it with a spool which spooled out that cabling, and when done you press a button and it recoiled back into the housing...and it was sold to us that way, then sure. I'd have expected it. But it was sold as this cute little nub you carry on your keychain and that it's highly accurate readings of the ambient temp. It wasn't. Tried it for a while, never got an accurate reading. Put it away. Got it back out when they supposedly had a big update out to the software...and still it wasn't accurate. I'm pretty sure I threw it away as I haven't seen it for years. Such a shame. I lost mine about 6 months after getting it. Pulled my keys out and it wasn't there :( Lost my green kickstarter Thermodo a few days ago. Key chain is just not the same without it. :( Back to here and I am surprised to learn that many people lost the Thermodo just like me. One day when I back to my home all I had was just the holder and I have no idea when and how my Thermodo gone... I threw mine out - never came CLOSE to getting temp right Just checked back in on this project after a very long time. Thought I was alone. I lost one and thermodo replaced it. A few weeks after having my replacement I looked down and noticed it was gone. Guess I wasted $25. Same thing happened to me. I went to show it to friends, pulled out my key chain and all I had was the holder and no more Thermodo. Still hoping that it will show up in some weird place in my car or apartment. @Kevin Try this: <url>°C, this happens directly at the device and with a extension cord). With newer devices like the Xperia Z Ultra or the Xperia Z3 Compact the readout is correct most of the time but still missing the histogram. PS: I would love to see a share feature to share the histogram (if it should every exist in the android version) via mail, whatsapp massage etc. as picture. Wow, still no Android Updates! I slowly starting to believe this was just a scam as it never correctly worked on any of my phones! The app is missing features that were shown in the video. I was never able to use this Product. I'm sad because i think they just offered android compatibility to get more money and I want my money back! :( For those who still have their Thermodo. This might come in handy.... <url>"Key chain holder, we have improved these in a new batch. The tolerance is now smaller which make them tighter." Gee wonderful. So basically you just screwed over all the early backers then? How many of us lost our Thermodo because of bad engineering? $115 early backer and I got nothing but an empty keyring to show for it. I went to your site to complain but there is no link to any support on your website. Wonderful. I'm telling everyone to avoid this product. i lost mine. why didn't they make it screw on to the base. i lost $55 bucks. For those who still have their Thermodo. This might come in handy.... <url>"Thermodo housing issue " video: <url>"pop-in/pop-out" mechanism because it becomes too weak after often usage. Another person whose Thermodo fell out, never to be found again I still have mine. I never placed it in with the keychain attachment knowing that weak locking mechanism will fail. So I got the extension cable and placed it in there. The extension cable helps me find it easily. Before that, i have had it missed placed a couple of times just laying somewhere around my room. So my advice is to attach your tiny thermodo to an extension cord. And besides, it doesnt fit with my case so the cable is always needed, rather than removing my case which is an inconvenient. Latest news: I have lost mine, that was really easy. I wish it would have some more tighter and secure lock arrangement to not loose $40 worth item. If I knew this I would not have tied it with my keys. I am not an action guys, I just hang my key ring on belt loop and walk home/office. Yes, I've lost mine too... ;-( Another victim of lost Thermodo on keychain. Great product and all but all is lost. Update: I sent an email to <email> describing the circumstances regarding the lost Thermodo. Within a few minutes Charolette at Robocat replied, offering to replace the lost Thermodo. How cool is that? I don't think the new one will be on my keychain, but I really appreciate their response and how they handled my situation. Goodbye my green Thermodo, I barely knew ya. Like others here, I have suffered the loss of my Thermodo. It was attached to my keys using the keyring. Despite it not feeling exceptionally secure, I too put my faith in the "engineered intended use" of the storage cap. Well, this morning I noticed that the cap was there but the Thermodo was gone. So much for being able to keep it with me and pop it into my phone when I wanted to use it. In hindsight, I should not have trusted the cap to secure it despite it being the cap's primary function. Needless to say, I'm disappointed. It was probably one of my more talked about kickstarter rewards. Knowing that many new and innovative products live or die based on word of mouth, I showed a lot of people the device and app. I liked the concept. But now all I have is an empty cap on my keyring, can't use the app and show & tell time is over too. I wouldn't even comment if I had lost it outright, but I lost it because one element of the product did not function properly. And based on a few others comments, I am not alone. So if you still have yours, be careful if you have it attached to your keys. Found it! Phew. I don't think I will keep this thing on my key ring any more. To the pocket you shall go. Top service from Robocat for replacing my Thermodo, great service. Thanks My green Thermodo is still plugged in the phone but without the green anodized lid in my hand. Think they need to improve the adhesive uses to keep the metal cover on. Well today I discovered my limited edition green thermodo has fallen off the clip and is lost :( truly gutted SDK!? Did I miss it!? We pledged at the level to receive SDK also... I hope I didn't miss it!? I'm afraid I have to agree that readings are inconsistent at best. Also cap has slipped off, going to superglue it back on. iOS app is getting better, but can you fix the "volume not getting down after quiting the app" before I lose my earing for good (not really a joke by the way). Also lost my Thermodo because it slips out of the case on the keyring so easily. Even before I lost it the temperature readings were inconsistent at best. Very disappointing, lost my Thermodo as it was no longer in the key ring holder when I went to use it. I like the thermodo a lot, but just like Mike I pulled off the cap of the part that I put in my iPad. I'm afraid to use it on my keychain from now on so it's pretty much useless :-( Now what? Big News for me. I just updated my ios to v6.1.6 to fix the SSL error and now I can load the thermodo app and it recognizes my thermodo! I will do testing to see how well it performs, but this is a major step forward for me. Is it ios v6.1.6 or a new ios thermodo app that did the trick? Thanks Robocat ! I went to pull my thermodo out of the holder today and only the case came. Stuck inside is the actual unit because of a faulty glue job. The casing has all kinds of chips in the paint as well. Worst kickstarter product I've backed. the android application stop working ( it does not recognize thermodo is plugged in ) after the latest ugrade; very disappointing. I receive the mail on december 17 : We're excited to tell you that your Thermodo has shipped! Your order was shipped via Royal Mail Airmail, and is estimated to arrive December 20, 2013 - December 24, 2013. I am still waiting... The new android app is not working anymore with my Galaxy SII. Any other experiencing the same issue? Ios app working better indeed. For those who are asking about the extension cable, i bought this one and it works great! ;) <url>~MUHSMF1M Grabbed my keys this morning and noticed my Thermodo is gone. It is no where to be found. Clearly the clasp didn't hold it in place at all. Pretty big letdown considering I only used the device a couple of times. It shouldn't have fallen off with such little use. Poor poor design. Worst Kickstarter product I've ever received. I purchased two premium Thermodos and received mine before Christmas. They worked pretty good at the time. Now, they are worthless, because the app crashes everytime I launch it. I can reset my iPod, close other apps for memory purposes, etc. Crash, Crash, Crash, Crash. The updates to the app seem to have just made it worse. I received my Thermodo in Singapore! Thanks for it! Works well. I have posted some unboxing pictures on my blog <url>"Insert Thermodo" when the Thermodo is in after manual putting phone into sleep mode; - the app got frozen (says "Insert Thermodo") when the Thermodo used in a huge temp drop (from 71 deg F to 2 deg F) and required phone restart to get the Thermodo app back to work; I have a Nexus 5. After the last upgrade i´m completely dissapointed. Mi phone don´t recognize the Thermodo. 1 of 10 times it recognize. When this happens lots of times the temperature it´s frozen, don´t go up, don´t go down. All my four poles cables, that before the upgrade are working fine, now they don´t work. If i know i never buy this "think" it´s a waste of money and after the upgrade it´s completely unuseles. SGS3 AT&T rooted - new app rocks. Even w/o extension cable readings are not much off. GJ! Very excited to see Android Thermodo V1.1 in the app store. BUT, no matter what I do, it does not recognize I have inserted the thermodo. I tried to uninstall, reinstall, reboot, insert before I start, after I start... but the app still says "insert thermodo" :( I have a nexus 7 running 4.4 Hey @robocat Having updated to 1.1.2 my app runs pretty smooth now. Still the occasional jump randomly but much better. For me personally I consider this delivery of product and project. Anything else from this point I'll consider a bonus. Excellent Kickstarter, really enjoyed funding and using the end result. Think you have PR down to a T. For future improvements i'd suggest the following: Hardware: - Stronger clip, possibly screw in - a short extender option i.e. 4 pole extension cable at various lengths That's it. Will keep an eye on this but consider this 1 happy backer. Thank you I don't know if it is sensor sensitivity limitation or software tweak. But it is tedious temp changes by 0.1 or 0.2 although temperature jumps up or down instantly by a large margin. I tried putting in freezer and take out; it took forever to read a right value. Device temp should not be a factor here since iPad wasn't getting that hot without running any games. I have iPad, iPod touch, S2 to test with a green thermodo. If only Thermodo had made a simple locking cap as we suggested early in the project. Either a twist lock or threads. I would still suggest they consider adding it. I can't use mine right now because I have Android. Hi guys, I've been using my thermodo as a holder of my keys, now it stops working as the apps only shows 0c whenever i plug it in. Just a friendly reminder so that u guys won't experience the same thing: Keep it stored and don't use it as a keyring attachment. The sensor may be too delicate for use as a keyring! Cheers, Albie Premium green thermodo looking great! I was expecting disappointment with the snap lock from comments, but no issues whatsoever. Thanks Robocat. This update works as it never stopped doing its job. Happy with the update from febr. 8th. Thanks guys and keep up the good works. The iOS update for the Thermodo app 1.1.1 has my temp reading frozen at 32F and does not move up or down. Please fix! Anymore info on how the Android App or update is going. FYI, I tried deleting the app, redownloading it, and restarting my phone. Still messed up on my 5S. Reading Zero degree Celsius here near the Equator, after the update on my iPhone 5S too! @Hepburn3d It worked! Thanks for the tip! ;) @Andrea Manzella Some others suggested to delete the app, re download, then restart your phone. That fixed it for me. Looks like version 1.1.1 has formula problems with the temperature. When you click on Fahrenheit in the settings, it really shows you Celsius. If you're set to Celsius, it shows a really low and way off number for the temp. any update on the ios6 app, or the andriod app Same problem as Andrea here...showing 32/0 degrees after app update. Guys, there is a problem. After updating to version 1.1.1 the Thermodo app on my iPhone 5, it doesn't work anymore. The display steadily shows a temperature of 0.0 degrees celsius and there's no way to raise or lower it. It's probably worth mentioning that i've already tried to cancel and re-download the app, but the outcome is always the same: temperature nailed at 0.0 degrees. In addition i didn't update the app on my ipad and in fact it works great, so it's not a problem due to the Thermodo. Please solve the problem as quickly as possible, because in the current state it is useless. hi all got this today............ Hi there, We're excited to tell you that your Thermodo has shipped! Your order was shipped via USPS First-Class Mail International, and is estimated to arrive February 13, 2014 - February 19, 2014. The following item was included in this shipment: 1 x Green Kickstarter Edition Premium Thermodo (GREEN) This shipment was sent to: me @me in Ireland :_) Still waiting my thermodo in Russia :( Hi, I am still waiting to receive my thermodermo reward. Any news on progress in shipping to Norway? Hello team, After having put my thermodo on my key ring and onto my keys on the second day. The thing must have fallen off and is now lost. I looked everywhere for it but I cannot find it. I don't understand on how poorly it clicks on the holder for the key ring as oppose to the actual iphone headphone jack. Poorly made and I'm extremely disappointed on this hole experience. Not to mention all this time I've been waiting for the final product to be made and having my hands on it and after 2 days of having it on my keys, the thing must falls off. I have the same effects as Hepburn3d but I thought that was the cable I bought (on your Twitter recommendation). The effects are not here at the moment, so a bit internittend. The other effect I noticed yesterday was that my iPhone4 showed the music player on the lock screen every time I switched on the phone. I cannot reproduce thie either. Finally, after carrying the Thermodo (green) on my keyring I notice the creen coating disapearing at the edges and between the letters of the logo. Bad coating? I thought anodizing is stronger... In general I really like the Thermodo and hope it will work reliable over time! Klaus I have already lost my Thermodo. It was on my key ring and then it was gone. I think the fit should have been a little tighter. :( Hey @robocat, just posting this here as well so you get it ASAP. I've noticed a bug on the iPhone 4, I've made a quick video showing the odd behaviour <url>"Order #285 We're excited to tell you that your Thermodo has shipped! Your order was shipped via Royal Mail Airmail, and is estimated to arrive December 26, 2013 - January 6, 2014. The following item was included in this shipment: 1 x Red Thermodo (RED)" ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ It doesn't take 6 weeks (for any sort of mail) to reach even South Africa. ok but when did you know this news ? and why now only after i ask if mine is shipped i get this answer thanks got this today.. Robocat says: Hi Terry, Our shipping partner has unfortunately lost packages with green Thermodo and therefore we are out of stock :-) We are working very hard on solving the problem and hope for your understanding. We are truely sorry about this Sincerely, Robocat Team .. so the green Thermodo only got lost... this sounds a bit much to take last update Dec 20 th can we have a update on shipping .. did you ship mine yet ? Folks, I finally got my 2 thermodos this weekend and they are simply awesome. I had a guy sitting next to me in a restaurant when I was playing with them and he insisted in me selling him one of my thermodos and I did. These gadgets will sell like hot cakes... Let's work on the app and improve it...thanks Dur ikke øv Received my Premium Green Thermodo today (Sydney, Australia). The engraving definitely looks like it says "THERMOOO". Oh well, still a great looking piece anyway. Though sadly it cannot detect a Sony Xperia Z. I haven't received anything yet either, not even a shipping notification. Filled out both the original KS survey back in April as well as the backer one in November, but haven't heard or seen anything since. Order 6666, estimated to arrive December 20, 2013 - December 24, 2013. More than one month late?... :( I still have not received an email or the reward. How long does it take? Hey, I just wanted to give you feedback on the therm design. I love the idea behind it, but I suggest you can come up with a better holster, or perhaps a way to negate the need for a holster altogether. My suggestion would be to have the thermodo attached directly to the keychain and have the cap over the plug be the part that must come out. As it is, Ive had it for about 3 weeks now and as instructed have put it on my keychain. For the last 10 days or so I kept finding the thermodo missing from its holster, only to find it on the floor, or loose in my pocket and now its finally just lost….gone forever… Received my white Thermodo a while back. Looks great and worked great until I updated the iOS app today (iphone 5). Device heat compensation is switched off and it's reading 31.7 C when it's actually around 22 C. I know you guys are busy, but please look into this when you can :) Thanks! Got my premium one a few days ago. Running Android App on Nexus 5 and the app reads the temperature constantly higher if the app is on. i.e. 24.6 -> 24.7 -> 24.8 ...and it will continue to rise as long as I have the app open. If I close the app and restart it, it will go back to 24.6 but it will continue to rise. Got my premium today in Brisbane australia. Backer #6100 or something. 18 days from notification is pretty standard. Its currently reading about 2degrees higher on average than some other thermometers i have. Ill watch it for a couple of days and tweak it a bit. Its awesome. Very pretty. Still waiting for mine :( Got my premium green one today - works perfectly - well done thermodo well done Ash - Brisbane Australia Every day I hope I got a surprise when the mail arrives but every time it ain't here. Very frustrating but I know it will be worth the waiting (at least I hope :P) Still waiting for mine :( I've just received mine here in Spain and my premium green is really nice...quality is really perfect. In addition it's working with my HTC One...no problem at all. I will have to check some temperatures and so on but the app detects it...so good to go! On a side note I've noticed the sliding up or down does not bounce back. Is annoying when you swipe up/down and it's partially off the screen. iPhone 4 iOS 7.0.4 Thermodo 1.1 iOS 1.1 has fixed the sporadic temperature readings for me. Very pleased about that. I'd like to figure out the temperature compensation a bit better now. I can only guess that as every phone has the audio port in a different place that the temperature compensation needs to be different for each. Would be awesome if you could specify the phone and it would be more specific. Will there be a horizontal view as well? I'd really like that Finally my premium arrived to me in Ireland today, seems to be working well will have to do some extensive testing. Any updates on the Companion App for Android (not obsolete) devices? It would be great if you would post an update concerning the android app. I'm getting a little concerned that my Thermodo will be a useless gizmo since it doesn't work on my phone. @Jorge Rancé You're not alone. I am still waiting for mine too. I received a shipping notification with an ETA between Jan 09 and Jan 13, but nothing showed up so far. I really don't understand why is taking so long, since lots of backers received their Thermodos a month ago, but I'll keep waiting patiently, hoping to receive mine before Christmas 2014... Just received my 4 Thermodo, and they are looking nice. Good job Robocat! Really like the green and red one :-) <url>~magical~ response times. At least with my own tests, the Thermodo is quicker, and just as accurate, compared to my other thermometers. Instantaneous results are impossible and are an impractical expectation. I would of loved that Robocat could bend the laws of physics, but simply, it can't happen! This was advertised as an easy and mobile temperature probe. 1. The app crashes most of the time. I rarely just plug it in and it works. 2. Easy and mobile. Yeah right. Plug it in then wait 5-10 minutes for a reliable reading. Complete junk. I wish you guys the best but this product will not succeed. Finally received my two Terhmodos in Germany. Looks great and with the green one even sticks that good in the case, that in pulls out the plastic inlayer of the case. Am i ironic? Yea a little The red one works just fine with my iPhone 5 Already contact the Team hoping for a fast reply on that @Tse is has to be a specific one, a four pole extension lead (they look slightly different at the jack end - has one more ring around the jack). i can't use any extension cable always show Thermodo not detected I already brought two different cable at two different shop, so it shouldn't be the cable problem but it work with directly plug into the my phone My phone is new HTC one, hope it will be in the support list I received my Premium anodized aluminium Thermodo. Five days after ETA. It feels good. Beter it works good and fast. I am satisfied indeed. Did it. Waiting for the response. Thank you for you answer. Felix, the same thing happened to mine. Use the "Contact Me" button to let them know about it. They won't respond to comments here. They replaced mine promptly. Finally received the device. When you send an estimated time of arrival, you should be pretty sure instead of saying something. Readings from the device are, unfortunately, a bit off when connected directly to the iPhone 5S. No extender cable I had directly at my disposal works (3 different cables and none of them works, Shure,Westone and Zoundindustries). @Michael Simon I have lost it already twice. Lucky me both times I have lost it when I have pulled a key chain from my pocket to open a house and I was able to found it next day. My feedback after one month of some kind of use: - painting started to come off - lost and found already twice - somehow got it to work only on Nexus 7 2nd gen with an extension wire Got it finally! Works with iPad very well. Hope the next Android app version can support Sony Xperia device, you may aware Xperia lineup providing waterproof device. Together with Thermometer should sound interesting! Finally got my green Thermodo in Hong Kong The temperature is over 35C, seems that it is the device temperature rather than the air temperature so I will go to buy an extension cable to get the correct temperature readings. Lost mine as well while attached to my keys, must have been pulled out while taking the keys out of my pocket... Hi there. Not sure there's much you can do for me but I've lost my Thermodo. It was attached to my keys and when I went to use it yesterday, the plug was missing. It must've fallen off. I searched my home and office and can't find it. Sucks. Same here, still waiting after recieving a delivery note that my Thermodo should arrive on January 13th or 14th. But nothing so far. guess what ,,,still noting Still waiting for mine (order 6666, estimated to arrive December 20, 2013 - December 24, 2013)... Is it normal that it takes so long? The address on the e-mail was OK. Hello, Anyone from Hong Kong received the Thermodo..? I still waiting my ones.. Got mine today,too. But its broken, the Cap around the top part ( the body with the electronic) isn't clued together right so it comes out easily. How can i return it? ( Of course i want a new perfect function one) It works but know i good all this white clue on my hands. Wow. I’m thrilled! My Thermodo is super accurate and super sensitive. I got my Premium Thermodo early this week and tested it the last days. Here is my story: Playing with Thermodo in my office I first recognized, that device heat of my iPhone 5s influences the temperature and causes faulty temperatures. Therefore I tried to compensate the device heat with the “Compensate for device heat” option in the companion app. It seens this option solved the faulty measurement in most cases, but I was not sure. What is the right temperature? Is the measurement of my Thermodo right? To find that out I tried the following steps. First I left my Thermodo uninterrupted on my office desk and turned off my iPhone 5s for approximately 30 minutes. Than I turned on my iPhone again, put in the Thermodo without touching the sensor and started the companion app (without heat compensation) quickly. It shows 22,6 degrees Celsius which seems to be the correct temperature in my office (compared with the temperature of different other thermometers in my office). After a few minutes the device heat beats up the temperature to approximately 25 degrees Celsius. I turned on device heat compensation (to “feels regular”) and it showed 22,6 degrees again. Wow. But it changes when I used my iPhone for a while. My iPhone gets warmer and the measured temperatures vary between 21,6 degrees Celsius (device heat compensation turned to “feels warm”) and 23,4 degrees Celsius (device heat compensation turned to “feels regular”) and 25,6 degrees (turned of device heat compensation). Therefore I bought a 4 pole extension cable to eliminate device heat completely. Now Thermodo shows 22,6 degrees Celsius without device heat compensation. Wow. Thermodo is quite sensitive even if I open the window to change the air in my office. I can see how quick the temperature falls down and comes up again after a while. Wow again. Conclusions: My Thermodo seens to be quite accurate and is very sensitive. In normal cases with “normal” device heat the device heat compensions works very good for me. For optimal measurement turn of your iPhone for a while or (better) use an extension cable. Got my green Thermodo today in Switzerland. Smaller than expected - nice thing ,-) But somehow the temperature values does not really match my other 2 ones (even with some tuning in the app menu). But I'm sure some updates will fix it ,-) Sometimes when I slightly turn the Thermodo in the slot (without pulling it) -> Temperature changes to 'NAN' and the the App crashes. Just as a side info... I don't normally comment but figured I'd give my 2 cents. The sensor works great! Yes device heat is an issue, but that's kind of logical. I think the future update for the app with custom adjustment is a great addition/solution. With a cable, the temperatures are exact, meaning the sensor does read the true temperature. The snap lock does feel scary, and I was nervous at first especially reading the comments. However I have had the Thermodo on my key ring for 3 weeks now and, I still have it. It doesn't just fly out, I can hold the sensor portion, shake my keys up and down and it stays locked (5 keys, a security tag, automotive key fob and a plastic barcode pass) I've never used a case on any phone so I can't comment on that. Try going case free, it feels so good :P Received my aluminum thermodo today. Sad to say that I'm not impressed so far. With compensation for device heat switched on and set to 'warm' (without actually holding my iPhone 5) the readings are still off by at least 2 degrees Celsius. Will try an extension cable although that defeats the whole purpose of a gadget like this imho. Never mind! It's actually giving me a false reading of 84F with the indicator arrows going bonkers! When I switch back to my other extension cable, the reading is back to normal. FYI: I bought and tested this extension cable and it DOES work. 3.5mm Headphone Adapter for Apple iPhone Recessed Jack, 3.5mm, White <url>"wait a minute, shouldn't this work with a phone in a normal case?". That's concerning. Third - and most importantly - the unit itself is extremely loose in it's own casing. I had mine connected to my keys, and the temperature part constantly fell out of the keychain part. I'm not throwing my keys around or doing anything crazy. It was just too loose. I've now lost the temperature piece because it was too loose, so that's it for me. This was a huge waste of money. Poor design, poor execution. I feel like I've been duped. @Themodon't, Plug in, not the right temperature. Sensitive as bro! Guess you're right, it is too sensitive for someone like me. I've been using my Thermodo for a day now with the lifeproof headphone cable and I have found the Thermodo to be spot on I can live with the snap lock as the device itself is as advertised great work guys. Mine arrived today, a week late, but probably not bad for Royal Mail. More like Themodon't know what the real temperature is.... pretty sure it is not plus 30 degrees Celsius in my house... Sorry if someone has used the Themodon't yet ...I thought it was pretty clever. For reals though I think these guys make great videos and a nice looking app but a bad product. This user's account has been deleted. Got mine today in Australia looks great but would never trust it on my keys it comes out too easy. Is a Windows Phone app in the works? I backed when I still had an iPhone :/ @McCeed – had the same notification and received mine yesterday. I'm receiving a shipping notification on Dec 17th and should receive the package until Dec 24th (Germany). Until today I don't receive another e-mail or the (white) Thermodo :-( What can I do??? Popinjay, I'm yet to receive mine as well. I got the shipping notification back on Dec 17th, with a delivery window of 26th December to 6th January. Still waiting. Received my Premium Green Thermodo... Awesome product. All the best :) Has anyone received their Thermodo in Australia? Still waiting :) For all of you having the "thermodo being stuck at 78 fahrenheit" problem: Uncheck mono sound in Settings > General > Accessibility. This did the trick for me 5 months past estimated and still no sign of my regular thermodo, kinda disappointed as it seemed that they have received their order....or do you want to tell me the factory is still producing after the first couple ones 3 months ago? Got mine, I'm really pleased the finishing on the green premium looks awesome Any chance of a horizontal view in the app? Disappointing.. My white Thermodo is always stuck at 25C with little to no fluctuations regardless of the environment.. Hi there! So I finally got my black Thermodo today, but I'm really really afraid I gonna lose it sooner than later :-( It snaps out of the cap too easily. Coming back from the post office I grabbed it out of my pocket and realized the sensor was missing. Freaked out for a few seconds just to find out that the sensor was still inside my pocket. So I tried a few times and indeed it's easy to snap it out, sometimes if it touches the jeans seam, or a key, or whatever. Apart from that it's an amazing product, finish is perfect and the app I don't care much because I plan to write my own for Windows Phone :-) Is anyone else having problems with the Thermodo not properly "attached" to its cap? I mean graphene @peterGowdy or make them from Granite!!! Un real heat dissipation :D I am rather disappointed with the whole thing. From my tests with an iPhone 4 and an iPad 3, the heat from the device always gives readings too high. To have an arbitrary adjustment for device heat is a terrible solution. I ordered a 4-pole extension cable, and it seems to be accurate now, but it is slow to get to the eventually correct temperature. Perhaps Thermodos should only be made from copper, which is the best metal for dissipating heat. I'm noticing I have to kill the app regularly to get an accurate reading. At one point when I started the app without Thermodo in, my phone let our a scream :p guessing that's the beep test. I've noticed it gets confused sometimes and thinks its getting colder quickly when I touch it to warm it up. On an iPhone 4 BTW The heat detection is insane! Sits there calmly reading the steady temperature, within a second of picking up the phone the heat from my hand instantly starts raising the temperature through the phone. Awesome Ok starting to get to the bottom of this little beast. If the temperature hangs at one point and doesn't move but indicates that the temperature is rapidly changing, you can kill the app and restart it to fix it. Mine is finally working and is incredibly accurate. I'm in my office which is annoyingly 18 degrees. If I breath on the sensor it detects the slight increase in heat after a few seconds then calms down again. Amazing. I think a lot of people probably have working devices but may be having problems with the app. I recommend re installing, re booting your phone and killing the app if it's going hay wire. The app can still randomly start jumping up and down from 24 to 18 in a split second. Will keep investigating. It warms up much faster than it cools down. @robocat can we post our feedback and testing somewhere so we don't end up spamming this wall? I got my Thermodo before Christmas and was so happy with it! However, after only one week on my keychain it disappeared! I do not know when it popped off nor where and am so sad now that is is missing. :( I haven't received my Thermodo or notification of it being sent. Are there still lots to send? Do you guys have a timeframe for when the remainder will be sent? Has anyone solved the thermodo being stuck at 78 fahrenheit/25 celcius? The thermodo itself seems to be working on other iDevices but is stuck on mine. I've cleaned the audio jack without success. All other equipment works, such as headphones and microphone Got my premium thermodo today. The app needs some polish, but it love it! Great work guys :) Thank you!!! I received two premium and two regular Thermodos. Before gifting them out, I tested all four of them (one on an ipad & three iphone 5's; all with a 3 inch extension cable, and without heat compensation) and placed them right next to my thermostat and an additional thermometer. The thermostat showed 68F and it took several minutes for ALL four Thermodos to get to 68F, but they did get there BEFORE the other additional thermometer. What did I learn?...the Thermodo is accurate and quicker than the other thermometer! After that test, I placed one Thermodo in the bedroom (58F; which is right over a cold garage), one in the dining room (67F), one in the living room (73F; where the TV was on and lights were on..and people present), and one in the office (64F; it's a small room with a lot of windows) I was very surprised to see the difference in temperature between only a few feet in the same house on the same floor! The outside temperature was at 6F...between the outside temp and electronics/body heat differences, I have seen that temperature reading can be very complicated! BUT!....my FOUR Thermodos seem to be VERY accurate, FASTER than a my other thermometer, and the placement of the Thermodos (even a few feet) change the reading of the temperature! @Hepburn3D There will be Google+ community page for that, but no clue when (I want to give my feedback and ideas too). Btw, is this the right place for "customer support" mails to you? Hey guys. If one has a thermodo and follow the steps of handling the sensitive equipment and it still is measuring 5 or so degrees about the real temperature, is it possible that the sensor is faulty? I really want to love this project (and tell everyone about it), but the readings I am getting are just - well - faulty. Turning the device off and on again fixed the iphone4 sporadic issues. Works really smooth and slowly changes temp now. Dragging down form the top left keeps pulling down the notification menu, is a bit of a conflict in functionality to get to settings to adjust for device temperature. Will keep testing Just received my green premium. Aesthetics - amazing. Love the anodising and impressed with how small you got it. Software - not sure. On an iPad3 with iOS 7 the reading is consistent. On an iPhone4 with iOS 7 the temperature jumps up and down every second within a 6 degree range. I'm in a climate controlled room at 18 degrees Celsius and the iPad is 4 degrees above after a 20 minute stand time, could be the iPad heat. The iPhone is sporadic and continues to be after 10 mins. Will keep investigating. Do you have a submission website for beta testing? Happy to help if I can. My own green premium thermodo did arrive earlier while I was out, and there is a bit of a difference with the temperature reading. Not compensating for device heat gives me a reading of 29C, which on the west coast of Scotland is more like the higher temperatures for summer last year rather than the middle of winter. Just out of interest to those who are noticing long lag in temperature adjustments, can you say what model you went for? Would be interested to know. Fingers crossed mine arrives today just got mine, works on nexus 4 :p James obviously it needs to acclimatise to the surrounding you are in if you went from 30 degrees to 15 degrees it's not going to do it instantly. It's like my car when it's outside with a windchill of 2degrees it still takes about 10 minutes of being in a underground garage before that temp rises to reach the actual temperature of the surroundings.... I'm disappointed in my Thermodo. It takes forever to get an accurate read on the temp (10 minutes or more) and even then it reads too high. Yes I've read the FAQ and know about device heat and body heat, but I was hoping to take the device, plug it into the iphone 5 and get an accurate reading. It doesn't work like that. Solutions like "leave it untouched in the environment" (I'm in NYC, what do I do, put it on the sidewalk?) or "get an extension cable" don't cut the mustard for me. For $25, I guess I can't be too put out, but I'm disappointed in this device. I have a Galaxy Note 2... I have received my Thermodo which doesn't work. A bit disapointed :-( When will it be supported ? I got my Thermodo yesterday. I try three phones with Android, but i have only half success with one phone. Can I send to you some information about test, or write it down to some table for other users? I test this in room with temperature about 21,5°C - measured with calibrated thermometer. Sony Ericsson Xperia Neo - working, but temperature is from 0°C to 40°C - bad Sony Ericsson Xperia Mini - working, but temperature is from 0°C to 90°C - bad Haier W910 - working, temperature is from between 30,2°C to 31,2°C - about 10°C more... Aplication is working on all phoes, but if screen is off and then on, Thermodo is not detected. I must kill aplication, wait a few seconds and then run application again. But the arrival date is 15-24Jan. Still a long time to get it I got shipping notice today about my green thermodo finally. Should we have all got shipping notice? Got my Thermodo last week and have been using the bejesus out of it. The green anodized is awesome. Just went outside to take a temp. It was spot on with the temp reported by three different weather apps (-13°F - I'm in Michigan where we have apparently taken over for the Arctic with wind chill hovering at -35°F). The only thing I'd ask is for decimal points when using Fahrenheit. Otherwise, great app, great product, great team. Bang up job, Robocat. Can't wait to see what you guys come up with next (hint: a Thermodo that measures wind speed and/or relative humidity would be pretty awesome!). @Massimiliano They can resolve that even per device not OS only. Received notification of the premium thernodo having shipped with no tracking information. @Charlii you'd think that with the thermodo being designed to be on a keychain that it would be able to withstand the occasional knock from keys, right? @Charlii, I don't think it's the case. The Thermodo has been kept in a large pocket and only used 2 times. The envolpe was with kind of plastic bubbles protection and was not damaged. This up and down effect is only happening on Android while not in iOS where is still not correctly showing the right temperature but with max heat compensation showing always 2/2.5 degrees more. Shipping notification for UK Premium (Green) today estimated arrival tomorrow or Wednesday! @Massimiliano My Thermodo has started to show a similarly unpredictable behaviour, with the reading jumping rapidly up and down. It did not in the beginning, but has started to do so after a few days of being carried around with my keys which is why I sadly suspect hardware damage. Guys, let's be serious. Another round of testing with a Galaxy SII today in Milan at a temperature of 10 degrees on average showed measurements from 80!!!!! To -2.8 degrees... :) I understand is very sensitive ... But 80 degrees Celsius in Milan in January probably is not what you can consider sensitive. Again, big disappointment on a useless thing. Just received my shipping notification. ETA tomorrow! (Premium UK) It's been a ride following this whole thing. Great kickstarter! Easy to follow, good updates, lots of people always chatting. I enjoyed it a lot. Looks like you have a good team and I like how you've replied to some pretty harsh comments with polite tact. Your original videos that sold this whole thing may have been too good and that may be why some people are so annoyed it isn't as slick as the movies. iOS 7 has around a 75% adoption rate so statistically 1 in 4 people were going to get annoyed :D, add in around a 1% expected failure rate for snap locks and faulty chips? Overall I've been impressed and hope your 2.0 projects do well. Extended length thermodo clips range? Snap lock case? Even smaller sensor? Geo tagging software update? Whats next????? I'm enjoying the device. I would like to ask that you look at the Jawbone UP app. Their device also plugs into the headset. They seemed to have figured out how to detect headphones on startup. Received my black one and overall I am negative on the product, the package and the app. Not delivered on expectations. The package Very poor and not even a letter saying thanks or some words for the backers (it could have been a 'touch'). The product Key ring really low level. The thermodo easily goes out the locker, very easy to lose it. Finish and color is very good. The app Too basic, it could have been good to have a profile with recorded measurement and geotagging of the measurement on the map. It takes more than 5 minutes to fix the temperature but still with correction on warm is consistently 2/2.5 degrees more than what other thermometers around. Overall I backed for a personal thermometer to measure temperature on the flight, thermodo is not delivering as the temperature is not correct and as it takes long time to take an accurate measurement. I understand that there was hard work on the product but for me too much attention on the finish and not on the features and functionalities. Not the overall experience I was expecting. Luckily I have an iPhone 4S and at least the application is working. Received my black Thermodo yesterday and it works like a charm on my iPhone 5. Well. I have done "freezer test" (<url>— I especially liked the instruction animation. I for one can understand you reasoning behind the snap lock. It’s easy to remove and feels pleasantly springy, but I can’t see it dropping out on its own in normal conditions. It also has an enjoyable click when attaching the device back. With an extension the temperature readings are very accurate with regards to other temperature meters. The sensor is extremely sensitive! Sure it takes a minute or two to get stable results, but again I can’t see this as a major issue. Even regular thermometers take minutes to give readings, not taking into account e.g. any fancy laser-based meters. I’m sure it can be improved, but physics have limits. Overall, I’m happy for your success! This project is definitely an exemplar for a well thought and executed Kickstarter project and as we’ve seen these things take time to get right. So cheers to that! For anyone looking for an extension cable, I can confirm that the StarTech.com MUHSMF1M works with the Thermodo (or any other microphone accessory). You can find it in 1 and 2 metre choices. I bought this one and it didn't work. <url>"are you sure you are using the right app?" . Would anyone like to buy my premium Thermodo? It is amazingly accurate and quick to respond.... As long as the temp you are trying to measure is exactly 77 degrees! Is there a headphone jack extension you specifically recommend? I ordered one and it didn't work so I returned it. received mine today. I have a samsung s2plus and the app moves from 45 centigrade to 19 to -5 and up again within a second ? I have ordered an extension cable but this is really weird, It makes a Quick reading of the temperature then it pops back to 77 fahrenhet/25 degrees celcius. :/ Still waiting for my Themodos in Germany, one premium and one standard... BTW: You have error with FAQ link from Play Store , you should probably fix it :) Ummm, got my thermodo ( black one ) like 3 days ago, but it do not work :( Not on iPhone, not on Android... I'm the first one that have broken thermodo?? :( Got my premium Thermodo today. Like others here, mine reads 77 degrees no matter if in the refrigerator or under a blow dryer. Also, I don't remember any disclaimer before about not fitting most cases with an iPhone, but I'm pretty bummed out about it not fitting my minimal coverage case. Received my red thermodo, you guys absolutely killed it! Awesome awesome product, fit and finish on the device is top notch. The app is very well executed. It is apparent that an incredible amount of hard work has gone into this product, from hardware, software, communication, and organization. Hats off you guys at Thermodo! Looking forward to seeing it on the shelves soon ;) Got my premium one in Canada yesterday. I have yet to try it out, but I'm posting here to let people know where it is geographically. (It looks really cool, though!) I think I have one of the Faulty Snaplocks. Even touching makes the Temp sensor pop out of the keychain holder. What do You suggest? Chris P.S. Can I use this with a splitter? Also, my thermodo says it's 255 degrees Fahrenheit.... Man, my keys screwed up my nice green finish :'( App crashes every time. I've deleted and re-install but same outcome. Temperature reading says "Nan" just before crashing. "The device is fine ... Adapt the environment to it" is always the best way to think about your product! ;-) The app definitely need a calibration function. Not ideal but more appropriate than having a cable with you and/or waiting 10-20 minutes to have an accurate reading. @Robocat IMO for an android app you need to add ability for manual calibration because what I see each device has different readings and I don't want to carry extension cable with me all the time (purpose of that project was a thermometer device attached to a key chain). More suggestions will go when you will get Google+ community for devs :) I got mine today ! It look fine but i cant use it since i only got S3, Galaxy tab and a Iphone 4s :) But i noticed that the Thermodo i way to loose in the keychain ! It almost pops out by it self ? My guess is that the Thermodo will be lost before i have a chance to test it. Besides that, it´s very nice piece :) Hey guys, Although i feel for you, you have to understand the concept of a kick starter campaign. My thermodo, doesnt fit in my case, using an extension, is not really feasible, but think of the possibilities that follow this project. Taking a temperature reading from the earpiece jack! From here on in, future thermodos, will hopefully be more accurate, the app will be more functional, and the jack plug will be more versatile. I think this tech is absolutely outstanding. Yes there is room major improvement but the outlook looks promising. Great tech. when you'll send to Chile? Southamerica? i havent got mine yet thanks @Adam, I have to agree with you. In a world where only 12.8% of the market is iPhone, a new startup company that still thinks iPhone first is no longer cutting edge. Like you, I've learned my lesson. Never again. This user's account has been deleted. Just got my red Thermodo in the mail today. (Didn't get any email confirmation saying that it had shipped, than again I didn't expect one... maybe its for premium backers only). Anyways, from what I can tell, it snaps in and out nicely and I don't think it would fall out on its own. The only thing that I am disappointed about is that like others I have iOS 6 and thus cannot use the app :( Hopefully, @Robocat you will come out with an app compatible with iOS 6 (even if all it does is just show the temperature and nothing else) I still think that the Thermodo was a good backing and I appreciate all the hard work that has gone into it from the start to the end :) If I could get my money back I would. There's no way to use this. It's just awful. If you want the reading to be accurate, you need to check it against another source and compensate until it's near correct. And when you use it in a different environment, you need to compensate again. So you have to bring around a thermometer and check each reading, rendering Thermodo utterly useless. By far the worst product I've gotten on Kickstarter. It's a shame, because I would have used this a lot. I'd ask for my money back if I could, even though that's against the spirit of Kickstarter. But then again, they promised something that they failed to deliver. Looks nice though. I got the email on December 17th , My thermos would be at my home on both december, well It didn't , would like to contact you guys by mail, no possible there is no contact email anywhere, I would like to track the package.... no tracking number.... I backed before a friend who lives in Philly he received his thermodo over two weeks ago, I have not received any shipping notification or information. With a lack of a recent answer from Robocat themselves, things are not looking good. I haven't had a tracking number for shipping to the UK, and I don't think I am alone in that regard. Still no tracking number for my Premium (shipping would be to New Zealand). Are they still being shipped or should I start getting worried? Got mine yesterday. Have a 5s. Have not gotten the app to take a reading yet. Looks nice but think I got a dud. I got my Thermodo (black for my black iPhone 5) before Christmas and I love it. It works perfectly with it's app and I'm very happy. I received my premium and regular thermodo on 12/26 and have played with them a bit. I am a bit disappointed with some of the limitations of the device as related to heat dissipation time and interrence from the phone itself. While I do understand the reasons for this, it makes the Thermodo far less useful that I had hoped. I happened to have a short four pole audio cable, which, as suggested, produces far better results - I subsequently ordered two additional cables for various lengthes as I will be able to use these for certain applications. However, the idea of the Thermodo, designed as a keyring attachment, to be something you'd be able to conveniently carry around with you and just whip out to quickly take a temperature measurement falls flat given the above limitations. For anything accurate, one would need the foresight to have an extention cable with them, which somewhat negates the convenience. If I need to bring somethiing extra with me, such as a cable, to take an accuarte measurement, then I could just have easily carried a proper thermometer with me to measurements. With that said, I think what would make Thermodo a far more useful device is to write the App to include much greater functionality, for example, instead of just displaying the current temperature, include temperaure recording, I'd love to be able to track temperature changes during a long run and beable to export that data to excel so I could graph it against other data. And allow me to export it to Runkeeper for the same purpose. This, imo, is where Thermodo would be a better option than a regular thermometer - tracking/recording temperature data over a given period of time. I do hope Robocat has such plans for the software. Nonetheless, my congratulations to a well run KS program and I'm pleased with the overall fit and finish of the completed product. Man, talk about a disappointment. I don't know where to start. There are so many issues, so many caveats, so many things you have to do to try and get a good reading, how could you ever rely on the data? Never. I have four $10 digital temp gauges from Home Depot that work 100 times better than this thing. If anybody wants a green one let me know, mine is available. Can anyone recommend an extension from amazon that they can confirm works with the Thermodo? Still no shipping conformation for people in UK? That's a bit disappointing. I got my premium Thermodo today. I live in Durham, NC. It looks beautiful and actually fit on my iPhone 5S with an Otterbox, but it was snug. It worked the first time on both the phone and my iPad Air, but later when I was walking my dog I met a friend and was trying to show it to her, but it didn't work on the phone. And when I tried to pull it out the metal housing covering the thermometer came off, revealing the guts of the thing still stuck in the headphone jack. There was this white goo which I assume was the epoxy meant to hold the housing on. Anyway now, neither the phone nor the tablet will recognize it. I'm very disappointed. I feel like a repost is in order since I haven't received any feedback. Sorry to all of the chronic readers... @Robocat I received my 2 regular and 2 premium Thermodos on December 26th and have been testing them out. I have a few recommendations: 1. Under the settings of the 'compensate for device heat'; In addition to having regular & warm, it would be beneficial to be able to manually calibrate it degree by degree. The warm setting seems a bit too much of a compensation and the regular setting isn't enough. I have let my Thermodo and extension cable sit out for 20 minutes and the temperature reading (free from other contaminants) is still a little off compared to two other temperature reading devices. 2. If you guys are prescribing an extension cable to treat your heat contamination diagnosis to the large amount of people that have complained about the accuracy of these Thermodos, adding a simple extension cable <url>"fall out", but one premium distinctly pulls out easier than the other. Now for the regular Thermodos... My two Red Thermodos snap in somewhat snug but the pull out is easier in comparison with my "easiest" green premium. I would be concerned with losing these two red regular Thermodos. I would NEVER trust this on a key chain. I will be sending a private message to Robocat about my regular Thermodos. I am loving the Thermodos though! Doing random temperature readings sounds boring but is really fun! Hi Thermodo team, I am also waiting for the delivery to Germany. Udo I received my Premium Thermodo today. I thought I would share my thoughts and experience with it so far. 1.) Congrats to Robocat for shipping your product! It’s not easy to go from inception to shipping in mass quantity. Overall, I think you guys did an above average job on communication and interacting with your community of backers. 2.) Overall, the finished product looks. I’m glad I went with the premium. I think the IOS app looks nice. 3.) My user experience with the Thermodo and my iPhone 5s has not been very smooth. It seems like the “sweet spot” for plugging the Thermodo in is not all the way in and getting that satisfying “click.” I usually have to plug it in and slightly adjust it back and forth to get it to detect the Thermodo. So far it typically takes me about 30 seconds or so to get the app to recognize the hardware. Often the phone hardware recognizes a miniplug has been added and gives me the volume display, but the Thermodo app still doesn’t see it. I see a lot of “Insert Thermodo” messages, although if I open the “Current Measurement” window at the bottom it seems like there is activity going on there in both the trend graph and the values displayed. I’m not really sure if this is a hardware or software issue I’m seeing. 4.) I’ve also seen the crashing loop another commenter mentioned where the app will crash and if you try to restart it with the device plugged in it will immediately crash again. I had to remove the Thermodo and restart the app and then it would work again. 5.) I’m not sure the device is very practical for “spontaneous use” after using it several times today. It takes a long time for Thermodo to get an accurate baseline temperature. As mentioned by a previous commenter, it takes about 10-15 minutes to get an accurate (within +/- 5 degrees F) temperature. I was hoping to get the ability to quickly take a temperature measurement outside before getting ready for work. I don’t think that the Thermodo is going to work very well for that purpose. I’m excited to see where things go. I knew given the high cost of accurate and fast digital cooking thermometers that it was unlikely the Thermodo would be both fast and accurate. I’m hoping some cool apps get build to utilize. I’m sure the bugs will get worked out overtime and hardware will likely improve. I also wonder if true “premium” sensors will be made that are accurate and fast (and likely more expensive). Hey guys, i'm wondering when my normal Thermodo will arrive here in Germany. Any people got their device in germany? I didn't got any information and i'm a little bit dissapointed. Greetings Michel I agree with Brandon. A manual calibration would be good to see. Both my premium Thermodos read very close to each other, but show a couple of degrees fahrenheit hot when compensated at the highest setting. I know I could try using an extension, but that really is not going to work for me when traveling around. Any update to premiums in the UK? Hello, I still haven't receive any shipment notification... My premium Thermodo seems to work the best (in comparison to other temperature reading devices) when 'compensate for device heat' is ON and on REGULAR. I have let my Thermodo and extension cable sit out for 20 minutes and the temperature reading (free from other contaminants) is still a little off compared to two other temperature reading devices. I would like to see the ability to manually calibrate the Thermodo degree by degree. The warm setting seems a bit too much of a compensation and the regular setting might not be enough for some Thermodo possessors. The changing of that first decimal place is a fix much needed in the next update of the Thermodo app! That alone shows the accuracy and superiority of the Thermodo in the reading of changing temperatures compared to cheap temperature reading devices! @Robocat "Kickstarter is not a store - it's fundraising - and we'll obviously continue to improve on our product until most popular Android devices are supported." I'm just curious - what kind of hold up you guys have with android devices? I don't want to bring any cards to the table from android apps development side (and create unnecessary storm), but at least I can help with testing it for SGS3 AT&T version. More went via direct message :) This user's account has been deleted. No love for the 77 degree guys. I can certainly contact you directly, but I thought making the info public for others would be helpful. Yay I received my Premium Thermodo (Green) & Regular Thermodo (Red) in the mail today. The Aluminum Thermodo felt wonderful and the Plastic Thermodo was nice and glossy. Both Thermodo's fit nicely in they're jacks and read temperature well enough. I'm using a Samsung GS3 so I can only use the Thermo app & not the Thermodo but I did try both and only the Thermo works. Thank you very much to Robocat, I look forward to your future projects. Got my premium and regular thermodo today and the premium stays nice and snug snapped into the keychain while the black one falls out with a little shake. Very accurate reading using an iPhone 5s and an iPad air Well worth the wait Works perfect with a lifeproof case using the adapter My green Thermodo just arrived as well. Snaps in and out of the sheath easily, but it seems to hold it safely as well. Works well on my iPhone 5S with an Otterbox case. An accurate reading takes quite a while; I left it alone on the other end of my desk while I watched some videos for probably 10-15 minutes, and it still reads a good 6-8 degrees higher than I believe it is. Compensating for device heat gets it down to around the right spot, but it's looking like I'll have to assume that it marks a bit high. Very cool device, and I'm looking forward to using it more. Exceptional work; thanks for sharing the experience, and congratulations on the successful project Robocat team! Happy Holidays, everyone! Just received my green premium Thermodo. At first it didn't work in my iPhone 5 but it did work on my iPad Air. My headphones worked in the iPhone, though. Turns out I had some lint and debris jammed down in the headphone jack. Once I cleaned that out, it works fine. Hopefully this might help someone else. I just got mine in the mail today (which happens to be my birthday excellent timing). I can confirm that it is working properly on a Note 3 with an Otterbox case too. Thank you very much! Also.... On the iPhone app, if the thermodo is removed from the phone while the app is open in the background then the app needs to be fully closed and reopened with the thermodo removed from the phone, then inserted back into the phone when asked. if the thermodo is left in the phone it seems to stay working when the app is closed and reopened. Dunno if there is a fix for that but if not you may want to inform people of the need to force close the app occasionally. Guys, the thermodo works great and as expected given all the heads up you had given in the updates (not fitting with a case, benefits of the extension cable, etc). The accuracy with an extension cable is there but it does take some time to get an accurate reading. People need to realize that you cant just take the thing out of your warm pocket and get an accurate reading of room temperature. Plan on giving it about 5-10 mins to acclimate to get a good reading. I have been using a small 2" cable on with the 5s and checking accuracy with a laser thermo and it's pretty spot on once you give it some time to read. The only things I'd like to see is for the Decimal reading on the iPhone app to work, Currently it reads in one degree increments but shows the decimal on the app... The decimal increments should either show on the app or be removed to alleviate confusion. Also it would be nice to see a Temperature over time graph somewhere in the app. Hopefully these things can be solved in the next update. Other than that it's a cool little tool once you play with it enough to know how it can be used. Lost my Thermodo now I have only cap which I can use as keychain... :( Was good product though. Apparently the defective device will lock out your headphone jack if you continue to use it. When this happens, your phone will think it has headphones installed all the time and you will be unable to make or receive phone calls. Fortunately a reset of the phone will solve this. This was an expensive lesson learned last night. If you have a defective device you should not continue to try to use it. This one from ebay is works : <url>~ 20 degrees more than the room temp, and that is with the offset being on 'hot phone'. I also do not have any graphing going on. I do get low/high/avg when swipping down but where is the graph? I'm sorry but this was just a waste of my money. I paid ~$32 a piece for plugs for my headset connector. It seems it will never work with all android devices so I would like a refund. Where do you submit for one? @Tuco sounds like your using the wrong app.... Received my Thermodo. Very disappointed to learn TODAY that it won't work on Samsung Galaxy S3. The Kickstarter page simply says "Support for iPhone, iPod touch, iPad and Android.". Had I know about this limitation, I may not have purchased one. So for now it gets tossed into my desk drawer. I suppose they may support the S3 eventually, but I'm not holding my breath. Please help to check my order. Christmas is over still have not revived my yet. Mine says its 27* F, the temp outside. I am inside. Also, in app ads? come on guys, they suck and make your device look cheap. Received my premium Thermodo today and I believe I have a defect. All it reads is 77 degrees regardless of where it is or the ambient temperature. I have tried it on and extension and directly plugged in. Outside(currently 40 F), inside next to a heater, etc. 77 is all it will ever read. P.S. I tried to make it entertaining, but I'm pretty tired so bare with me. For those of you who don't have yours yet or want to buy one, read my blog post on why I am so disappointed: <url>" or less) 4-pole audio extension cable? I'd really appreciate it. I'll take some suggestions on longer cables too! For people who both want to continue having a case on their iPhone and using their Thermodo, this is a possibility: <url>"restore" the prior headphone volume setting when possible? I've had a few painful experiences of going to listen to some music after checking the temp. I do somewhat agree with the spirit of Michael's message, perhaps not the wording of it. There is regular thermodos that have been delivered, and most likely will continue to be delivered up until postal cutoffs in respective countries. Assuming that the premiums would be sent out today or tomorrow, anyone who just happens to have backed the thermodo and lives outside the US will most likely not get their thermodo till next week at a minimum. This is especially true for what is basically the same product - the only real difference is the casing - those that did pay more for the premium are faced with delays. As with possibly another 2029 who wanted the premium thermodo, I think there was a little more than hope for us to get their thermodo before Christmas, but it seems that we now have to wait till well after Christmas and perhaps the New Year. Seeing all these non-premium aluminum Thermodos being delivered long before my premium-"was originally the only way to get an aluminum"-Thermodo I need to be convinced that there is a distinct difference between the 2 models. I find it hard to believe that a type of finish is worth the wait, disappointment and disregard that us premium backers have gone through as a result of backing your project at a higher dollar level. As it looks like I won't be receiving my Premium Thermodo before the end of the year, I will have to wait until after the holidays before I meet up with my brother for that hands on comparison. Looked into ordering another Thermodo, $10 shipping! Wish I could buy it from amazon. Can anyone offer a couple of suggestions for a short (6" or less) 4-pole audio extension cable? I'd really appreciate it. I'll take some suggestions on longer cables too! Also, the checklist of Android phones ignores the Note, Note 2 and the Note 3. Those phones account for 50 million potential users, far more than the Galaxy Nexus and the two "minis" they're testing combined. I must say that I do have some concerns about an Android app from folks that call the Galaxy Nexus the Nexus Galaxy. It's like putting your trust in a navigator that wants to take you to Britain Great instead of Great Britain. Arrived this week, and works great. Compatibility* For all the people moaning about comparability - iOS 7 jailbreak untethered: <url>"cool " @Chuck, I agree with you as we'll. @Colin. People are just expressing their emotions about the project. In my part of the world that's still permitted. @Phil, I agree!! And let's back off with Android app "whining" too!! They're working on it. More devices will be supported soon. This is part of the Kickstarter experience. This user's account has been deleted. Ok I have yet to get my premium thermodo but geez people back off. You guys are acting as if you ordered an item from best buy. You backed a kickstarter project and you getting a thermodo is a gift for helping to fund this project and robocat has said they are willing to work with you if yours is not working or if you are experiencing problems so contact them and stop slamming them. Just give them a chance. Received an empty package lol I'm sure its not their fault though :( I received my Thermodo today. I am very disappointed that I only in the last week learned my unit "may not work" with my android S3. After a year delay, it is reasonable to expect that this unit would work with the most popular devices. It appears Mac is the only system you are concerned about. I ordered two, received one. When, or do you ever plan, to provide an app for the S3. Feeling mislead. Thank you Robocat for using KickStarter and allowing me to be a part of your 1.0 in hardware, and thank you for making the thermodo a sensitive instrument and not just some cheap toy. Hope you guys stick with hardware to make a 2.0, and even a 3.0. So now that the Android app is out I tested it on my Nexus 5 and like @Jordi mentioned even with it set to warm the readings are high. I just ordered a 4 pole extension from Amazon so I will do more testing when that arrives. I can't help but feel like you built a device that requires an accessory that you didn't include. Not that you didn't give us fair warning. @George- have you read the FAQ section on their website? Are you using an extension cable or do you have it plug directly into your device? You need to get back one of the thermodos that reads VERY high. My unit reads 80.0 when I am certain it is much cooler. This is NOT user error. I am a senior electrical engineer retired from Hewlett Packard. You need to address this. Hey there, i live Toronto, received my thermodo Friday. But the only thing is, it works only with IOS 7! My phone is jail broken with IOS 6 and am unable to wven test it out! Secondly, it wont fit into my case molding around the jack....ugh. Can they not have an IOS 6 version? It is regretful seeing that the regular (plastic) Thermodo backers are receiving aluminum Thermodos first (before Christmas; 2013) and the premium (aluminum) Thermodo backers are receiving their Thermodos sometime in 2014. I spent much more than the $99 tier and have nothing to show for it. (I live in New England) I sympathize for the dramatic increase in orders that need to be manufactured and fulfilled, but I do feel let down, left behind, misguided and worse of all...regretful :( Has anyone received their "regular" in Canada yet? On a side note: It was mentioned on my local news tonight that a postal truck crashed on a highway just outside the city where I live. My first thought was "No! I hope my Thermodo wasn't on it." (they also mentioned that no one was hurt... so it wasn't a completely selfish thought.) Does not fit in my Nexus 4. The edge of the phone where the headphone jack is located is curved which may not let the Thermodo go in far enough to catch. If I press down hard on the Thermodo, the app will start working but as soon as I let up the pressure, it pops back out and the app stops. @Joseph Clarke. I think you're confused. Fragmentation, with regard to Android, has nothing to do with using a kludge (admit it folks, using the earphone/microphone to send audio signals back and forth to the phone is a kludge) to try to make an external device to work. Fragmentation is a completely different topic. Fragmentation is what we're seeing on an iPhone. What we've seen here is that two identical iPhones sitting and Thermodo will work on one and not the other simply because they have different versions of iOS even though the hardware kludge isn't an issue. Just an FYI. Galaxy Note 3. "Thermodo Not Detected." I know it's not supported yet, I'll hang in there. Not happy with my thermodo in Nexus 5.It gives me all the time an average of 6-7 degrees more than the real temperature. Even if i put the options of compensate the warmer or the terminal ,even if stay 20 mins to measure.... etc,etc Hope that when i have the cable it´s gonna be better... @Brandon&Mike I agree with you guys, the only answer I got in a PM regarding the delivery date was "that I completely misunderstood the whole shipping process"...!?!? no word of apology for the 4month delay or what so ever. I would actually assume that the higher volume would increase the whole speed of production as they are able to choose a much more productive factory, instead they are using it as an excuse jetting around. after all the frequent updates, which I think were great, i would have expected better and more efficient service Got my Thermodo a couple of days ago .. installed the Android app today onto my Galaxy Note (1st edition) ... Seems to work just fine .. might be reading a little high ... a little comparison testing is in order on my part. I got mine a few days ago and it looks great! Thanks for the great work guys. I can try it out on my Nexus 5 now that the Android app is released. @Mike They did say that but got changed as time went on. Now it seems the premiums are going to be a few weeks behind. I'm regretting the premium upgrade. I know they said the finish on the aluminum is worth it, but to me (and apparently others as well) the pre-Christmas vs 2014 ETA is an enormous letdown. I got my thermodo on 19 December works ok like the red look of it @Brandon I knew that, but I also remember them saying that the premium would be shipped out first @Mike Bullard Different finish to the aluminum. If I knew by pledging a couple of "premiums" I wouldn't have the regular Thermodos I intended as Christmas presents, I would never of done it. Giving IOUs as gifts is definitely not worth the premium upgrade. The premium Thermodo release estimate went from a week behind the regulars to only a few days behind and now at least a few weeks. Putting my disappointment aside, I am glad Robocat has kept with transparency throughout this whole campaign instead of dead silence like other kickstarter projects. SGS3 (AT&T) 4.3 rooted - got it twice to work when I have played with setting (<url>"Thermodo is not detected". Good luck with the app! So what was the point in getting a premium over a regular again? My wishful thinking for a Christmas ETA is out the window now. I guess I should push it back to Dia de Reyes or maybe Easter. :( I am actually very disappointed to not receive my regular thermodo before the end of the year, shipment within europe, 4 month over estimated and the guys are going on holidays..... FYI - it is very unstable on the Galaxy Note II & the Galaxy Note 8 tablet. Looking forward to the tweaks they are making to the Android app that will hopefully clear this up. Will there be a log available via the app? Too bad I can't use it without taking my case off. :/ Interesting to read that you've tweaked the keychain holder to snap in and be easy to remove. To me, that is completely backwards. I had it on my keychain for one day but was so worried I'd lose it that I moved it to a pocket in my messenger bag. I want to feel some resistance to removing it from the keychain otherwise I have no confidence in its security. Maybe mine is a bad example but if easy out was your aim, I'm guessing not. Will be showing it off in the pub tonight too! :-) In my opinion, references earlier on to slowness are the app being progressive in its reporting. I breathed on the sensor and the app indicated with a background colour shift that the change in temp was detected almost immediately. Gotta find some time now to play with sdk. Happy backer. @Hadleigh, yep a nice shiny premium working well ( and annoying the family :-) ) in Oxfordshire UK. I am still waiting for mine in Ohio See a lot of people getting confused with "Thermo" App and the "Thermodo" as it's still not coming up in searches. Here's a direct link to App Store Thermodo: <url>"kill an app". Thanks. I'll hold tight while you work out the bugs. My Thermodo worked great the first time but now it's working sporadically, if at all. I'm guessing it's an app issue? My phone acknowledges that the Thermodo is installed sometimes by indicating that headphones are in but otherwise the "insert Thermodo" screen doesn't change. Am I correct in assuming this is an app issue? Hey Robocat, thank you for delivering a finished, polished product! I enjoy the Thermodo but I do have some suggestions for future releases: 1) As some backers have commented, the snaplock that you attach to a keychain is very loose (much looser than when I snap the Thermodo onto my iPhone). I don't trust this in a real world environment because it can easily snap off and get lost in my pocket (or worse, on the ground). 2) The Thermodo app is pretty and clean, but I wish it could show better gradient. What's the point of having a tenth decimal place if it is always 0? 3) My major disappointment is just how slowly the Thermodo reads temperature. I understand your information about heat dissipation and such, but that's not really cutting it when regular thermometers read temperature so much more quickly. I left my apartment (~73 deg F) to go walk my dog (~35-40 deg F), and after 2 or 3 minutes it still wasn't done reading it!!! This makes the Thermodo overall quite useless to me if I have to literally wait several minutes just to get an accurate read on the temperature. Overall, I think this is good for a first try, but I do hope you listen to some suggestions or constructive criticism in the future. I appreciate all your feedback and will be looking forward to support your next project. If anybody wants my black Thermodo, send me an email at craigslist105105-<email>. The lack of iOS 6 support is not acceptable. Got mine today, seems to work great. One suggestion, since apple now puts the headphone jack on the bottom of the phone, could you make the app able to orient upside down? So as to put the Thermodo further away from my hand? @Michael. According to the FAQ <url>"Warm" mode the Thermodo does give an accurate temperature. My disappointment is just how long it takes to acquire the temperature. I was hoping for a device I could pull out and take a quick reading with, but there's nothing quick about the Thermodo. Here's a video I took of it taking 4 mins to get a reading after going outside: <url>"I have just ordered a new thermodo for you from the Warehouse". They are replacing my missing Thermodo. I am hoping that this one will have a better snap lock. But I really do appreciate responding to my problem. Thanks guys. Good luck with your ventures. As entrepreneur myself, I love people who try things and work hard. Thanks again!!! Android should be available within a week. Hi, Just received my shipping notification (I'm in the UK) When will the Android companion app be available to download, the Thermodo is not much use to me without the app!! Cheers Rich Anybody in Europe (I'm in UK) received The thermodo?? Mine (red) is also loose. There is not the expected solid, audible snap when putting it together. I definitely wouldn't trust it on a keychain. For now I'm keeping it in my bag but since it's also very slow to react when changing environments, and it reads very high, and the app doesn't see it unless you force quit it first... I don't see getting much use from it. Just got my Thermodo. The temp is not very accurate and is very slow to change. I walked from inside to outside a 20+ degree change and after 2-3 mins the temp had only gone down 3-4 degrees. I wanted to report that I am using a headphone jack extender to remove device contamination and I am seeing very accurate measurements. Not exactly scientific but I have about a foot of cable around the Thurmodo shrink wrapped in clear plastic and placed in a beaker of water on what I would presume is a controlled heat source. With in a 2 degree range of what the heater's digital display reads. Anyway just wanted to say that I am seeing great results. I am a little worried about the snugness of the keychain but overall very happy. =) If anyone wants to buy my thermodo (white) email me: <email> Any asian backer received anything yet? I did not received any shipping notification Thanks for the heads up folks. I'm in the Midwest and can't wait to get my green one! @anthony <url>"regular" setting) on both iPhone and iPad. Oddly, when I went to throw away the envelope, I discovered the enclosed packing slip has someone else's name and address. (order #1822, initials CH). Presumably my packing slip is in his or perhaps a third person's package! Hi, just got the Thermodo which is great but unfortunately it doesn't seem to work well. 1. As others have noted the temperature is way too high. It needs to be better calibrated or the app should offer manual calibration. 2. App doesn't detect Thermodo unless you quit and start again. 3. If you have a case, chances are you need an extender. The first two, I hope, will be fixed through an app update. The first, particularly, is critical - without that fixed I'm afraid the Thermodo is pretty much useless. The design of the app and device is very nice though. Hoping this isn't a case of design over function though - that would be a shame. Found the issue with the video in the about section is that the audio is played through the iPhones speaker in the earpiece an not the speaker on the bottom of the phone. This is on iOS 7.0.4 iPhone 5s. My red Thermodo was delivered to my work address on Saturday, here in San Diego, California by US Postal Service. I have an iPhone 5 with IOS7. I did have to remove my case to allow the Thermodo to be pushed all the way in to work with the new application like stated on their website's FAQ. Our office is about 68 to 72 degrees, and it measured at 83 degrees, so I turned the setting to "warm" which deducts about 10 degrees when my iPhone really felt "regular". It appears that "regular" deducts about 5 degrees. I guess I need to get an old fashioned thermometer to find out which setting to use to get the right figure, which is sort of weird. Are you thinking of adding a numerical adjustment in the settings instead of regular and warm in case it is between 5 and 10 degrees off or more? I was thrilled to see my Thermodo had arrived in the mail today. Went to download the Thermodo app and see that only iOS 7 is supported. I have a 4th Gen iPod Touch that iOS 7 is not compatible with. At the time of fundraising, iOS 7 wasn't even out! So now i'm stuck with this device that I can't even use. I also thought the device would work with Thermo and even Haze... nope. Sucks! Side note. I really wish Apple would have left the audio jack at the top of the phone! =\ Still I am happy with its performance so far. = ) I will leave it in my pocket for a couple of days and see how it holds up. I wanted to do that anyway to test how the finish holds up. Just wanted to be clear though it actually takes more pressure to insert the thermodo into the keychain than it does to remove it. If they were comparable I would not be half as worried. If it was as tight as one of your earlier videos from your batch testing it would be perfect. Got the app, but no thermodo, waiting for my premium @Gary You are not alone: <url>ñor fits perfectly into the phone so no worries there. But I would never leave it attached to my keychain for fear of it falling out. Just wanted to point out that is was loose enough to arrive disconnected from the keychain when I opened my package. Great product overall but I am in search of a work around to store my thermos while not in use. : ( Got mine but appears I won't be able to use it 'til I upgrade my OS or phone. Still looks good on my keychain. Hey guys! Was super excited to get my Thermodo in the mail (even ran into the mailman and he handed it to me personally) but ended up being a little confused when I didn't feel anything in the package. I went inside to opened it and needless to say there was nothing in it, but the packing slip. :/ Understandable mistake considering the massive amounts that were sent out, but I'm wondering what we can do about it. Thanks guys! I can't at those crying about iOS6. Using your same logic, nothing was promised about current OS compatibility. It was your responsibility to ask before you backed, but you didn't. Thermodo isn't the only iOS 7 only app. Keep up with the advancing world or get dragged back. Robocat should and are rightly so keeping *forward* momentum, not *backwards* for your ancient devices that can't upgrade OS (you do realise the iPhone 3GS is over 4 years old?). Even as an iOS7 user, I do have to agree with the others. This project was created and presented when iOS6 was in use. iOS7 was only a speculation at the time of the project was closing. I know the promise of backwards compatibility was never promised, but at the time of the closing of this kickstarter project, the operating system was majority iOS6 and iOS7 was nonexistent. I always say assumptions are the worst of the f*@k ups, but assuming that Thermodo was going to be compatible with the current OS at the time of the project closing, I would indeed expect at least iOS6 compatibility. I am very happy I supported this project, and I anxiously wait for my premium green thermodo. But I really think you guys at Robocat have to admit to an error here in not supporting iOS6. That was the supported os when the project closed, and many devices can not be upgraded. In fact iOS7 came out in Sept, after the original delivery date for Thermodo. It sounds like the only reason iOS6 is NOT supported is because you used the iOS7 development tool to build the app, so there is no real reason you can't support iOS6, you just choose not to, which is unfair to us backers. And your pre-order web site still does not indicate the iOS7 limitation. Please take a step back and look at it from our side. Think about how and when you presented your project, and what you own your backers. @Brandon. Don't be too envious. Mine sits in the mailing envelope awaiting an app. How will those of us with Android phones be notified when the app becomes available? I purchased a 4 pin based on an earlier post. I am extremely envious of you in possession if a Thermodo! I could be wrong, but don't any type of extension/adapters need to be 4-conductor, not 3? Just wanted to clarify that before I purchase anything. Can't wait to get my Thermodo! @Colin I was ready to post mine (Quebec City), but your's beat us hands down ! :) I don't have mine yet, but it would have been fun to measure temperatures like this with my Thermodo and post the app screen captures: <url>#13, posted on April 3rd talked about the case issue. They actually communicated the problem before they took your money, not after. I received my unit yesterday and it won't work on my iphone because I use a case. I understand that there are many different styles of cases but really I consider this to be a fundamental design flaw in the product rendering it completely useless to me. While Robocat issued an update identifying this issue, it was after they took my money. Had I known I could not use my case with this product, I would never have backed it. I don't think I am alone. I've raised this with Robocat and they were not sympathetic. Well intentioned I am sure but not the right way to do business. @Christopher any 3.5mm audio cable should be fine as long as it transfers sound to female end your good to go! <url>´s a little clue from the people (like me) that at the moment we don´t receive our thermodo. For example, i live in UK. If i see that someone from UK receive the thermodo , i have a clue that mine is about to arrive. Thanks! They said android app should be available by Christmas Any idea on when the android app will be available? It looks nice plugged in but doesn't do much as it is on my Nexus 5. I hope I get mine soon it's kind of weird all these people around the country getting theirs and I live in the Bay Area not that far from Los Angeles and still have yet to get mine. Just arrived! Would love to use it with my Android phone. Hope progress on the app is going well. And this is on top of the 4 month delivery delay that I have been very patient with. Estimated delivery: Aug 2013. By the way, still haven't received it. So maybe 5 month delay. Really upset about the iOS 7 requirement. When you guys started the project, iOS 7 was months away from even getting announced. I backed the project assuming the app would work with iOS 6. My phone is jailbroken and I will not be updating it just so T can use use one app. So essentially I paid $40 for a premium Thermodo and I can't even use it now. That's great. Thanks. Great support there guys. @Robotcat I just have done another test. Hanged weights from the G500 mouse and it comes out in range of 90-100g hanged. @Robotcat It is a paper card not a vinyl/plastic card and was used to show that there is no much pressure used to get this pop out (literally to pop out). Also I have attached discount/entry cards to my key chain which are much harder than that paper one so I'm worry about loosing it. My first test was using only one finger it just slide out you don't need to pull as I will expect (and looks like I'm not alone). I will attache it do the key chain and let you know how it works in a "pocket environment". Hi there I got mine today and it does not work n please take off the ads on the bottom The beautiful black keychain thermometer is here. Arrived in a nifty bubblepack envelope. Eagerly looking forward to the Android app's release. My hands are cold as I type, but I wonder how cold my room actually is... ;-) I have 3 comments. 1. Build quality looks good. 2. I can't say if it works or not as I have A Galaxy Note 3. Looks good plugged into the phone, though. 3. This was sent to me via USPS requiring a signature. I wasn't home so it was returned to the post office. I had to drive there and wait in line for 45 minutes. A $20 item shouldn't need a signature. @Robocat I will take some pictures when: 1. Android App will be available 2. Will not loose Thermodo when will take it off my pocket (video of how bad it is: <url>#). Looks great, but, like Kenny O mentioned below, the black housing does not seem to hold the Thermodo well. It pops easy when you press it. Easy to loose when taking off a key chain off the pocket. Just go my two Thermodos (Black and White) in the mail. Both look great, although the black housing does not seem to hold the thermodo as well as the white one. I don't feel like it will be secure enough to leave on my key chain. A bit disappointed that the Android app is not ready yet, these were promised for August - I completely understand the hardware delays as there was much beyond your control, but the software should have been ready for both platforms months ago. Ho ho ho. Looks like Santa stopped in early. Mailman just had me sign for a package and guess what? It was my Thermodo! For those interested, I am in the US, Kentucky to be exact. I received my Red thermodo, however packing list inside package had someone else's name. Haven't received mine yet. But Congrats to the Robocat team. I'm sure it's exciting to see all of your hard work and ideas come to realization. Any news about premium Thermodos? I still see shipping status N/A in my backer panel and it kinda dissapoint me since some backers have already received their Thermodos. Is there a chance of getting mine in time for Christmas? Just update to iOS 7 all of you.... Yeah you may loose your jailbreak but small price to pay I think. People moaning because they want you to do more work to make it backwards compatible! If everyone was on iOS 7 apps would have nowhere near as many bugs as they do currently as the developers have to make them compatible for all versions! *** Impatient *** ( damn autocorrect ) Well I tried using my Thermodo with the Thermo app, it did not work. I am not sure if Thermo still needs to be updated or whatnot, but I still wish the companion app was iOS 6 compatible. ***impetient Is there anyway to upgrade my shipping speed? I live in New Hampshire in the US... When you guys (or that 3rd party shipper) finally ship my premium & regular Thermodos, do you know if there is any way to upgrade my shipping method? I work for UPS. I know that there is a way (in our internal system) to upgrade our shipping status mid-transit. I would like to accelerate any shipping processes possible. If you could help us "inpatient" backers, it would be great! Thanks! I have to say, I am really disappointed the app is not compatible with iOS 6. My goal was to use my old unit as a dedicated Thermodo device. I dont recall seeing iOS7 listed as a requirement, and you probably should update the pre-order page, since the iOS7 requirement is not listed there. Is the limitation in iOS6 or was the app not written to be compatible? Please consider widening the supported versions. Thanks. @Robocat You guys have gone above and beyond any other campaign on and off kickstarter with your customer service and transparency on the product development. You deserve all of the good fortunes that (I'm sure) are to come. The only thing that is missing is... those Thermodos in my hands! I live in the US and hope that the LA shipment is shipped and received before Christmas! I'll pray to the Thermodo gods for the shipment to arrive in the next 10 days! I just got my shiny red Thermodo, it looks great. Unfortunately, I can't use it because I don't have an Apple device. Any news on when the Android app will be available? I'd be happy to beta test ;) I just looked back and noticed your other app works with it as well, thank goodness. Pardon me for jumping to conclusions. Its just bothered me that the app with the name of the device is not just a little bit backwards compatible. all that said I cannot wait to give it a test run! I do not understand why the app cannot be made available to people who do not have IOS7. I have a 4th gen iPod Touch that I was planning to use this with, I was very excited when I realized I got my Thermodo in the mail, it looks very nice, but I cannot enjoy it because of the app version. I feel my time, patience and money were all wasted. I would really appreciate it if you could at least make it work for 6.1.3 or 6.1.5, it would be very nice of you to do this please. Backer shipping panel. Is it working?? It says that my thermodo is currently at the factory in China?? Is this a joke?? Wohoo what about me? Have my tiny thermodo come closer to me? XD. Honestly, this is one of the best campaign on kickstarter. Delays are nothing as you guys have diligently updated us with the process, this is what kickstarter is about! Well done guys! Oops... @Robocat Will we be receiving tracking information when we are in the shipping phase? @Robocat Will we be receiving tracking information when we are in the shipping phase? Just tried to download Thermodo app from my ipod touch, and it says I have to have iOS 7 . :( It wont run on iOS 6 ? Also issue with the app - volume on the cloudfront mp4 video in the about section is really quiet and can't hear it when the phone is on loud with full volume. Heads up for Thermodo an anybody who has received their Thermodo - when I search for the app it doesn't show anything although when I search Thermo and click Robocat to see all your apps it's sitting there with the "Thermodo" name so not sure why it's not showing in searches.. Second what Brandon asked.. @Robocat Here's another question: Any word on the premium Thermodos passing their Q&A and getting sent out to the distribution center? @John Leroux: Thanks a lot! In the video to the update there are actually a lot of extension cables in use - going in the freezer and out of the window .... I really like these lively insights in the whole process, by the way. Good work, guys! @Robocat Will we be receiving tracking information when we are in the shipping phase? Maybe I,m naive but I hope now that the stuff is shipping you guys can have few relaxed weeks to enjoy x-mas, New Year's Eve and lots of alcoholic beverages. I,m looking forward to see my premium when I'm back in January. It was a pleasure to follow this project and I hope you guys come up with new ideas soon. That's what the alcoholic beverages mentioned above are for. @K Lins, I found the following comment from Robocat on 10/14/13 in update 27: "We use regular 4-pin audio jacks, and any extension cable should do." @wiltwitt, you can order more at <url>"biggest mistakes," I fully disagree. I was very happy about your openness in the beginning. You weren't wrong in the assessments. You expected to get the premiums out first. But, as with many new projects, you ran into delays. If anything, I wish that you were even more open and kept updating us with new estimated dates. That was MY biggest beef, that you guys seemed scared to give us updated shipping dates because you might miss them again. Personally, I'd rather get 10 different dates (each pushing out the estimated shipping date) than to get no date at all. What I wanted was complete transparency, to know your honest opinion at each phase of your production. In any case, congratulations on being finally "done" with production. Looking forward to receiving the Thermodo. Good to see that shipping is being done...even if that is only for the regular ones. #Rant below. Don't know when I'll see my "premium" Thermodo ready to ship since it is only a "should" like the "should go into production first." From Update #31 Dec. 6, 2013: "They are currently undergoing final quality insurance (QA) and should be on their way to the Shipwire warehouses early next week." From Update #22 on July 4, 2013 "And if that wasn't enough, we've also decided that the premium products should go into production first - that means if you're a premium backer you'll be among the first ones to get your Thermodo." That feels better now that I have it off my chest. Thermodo team, It's been a fun journey following your progress from beginning to end. It's clear, from watching your videos through this process that your team has learned a lot throughout the process. I greatly appreciate your frequent and entertaining videos. You knew from the start that communication to your backers was a key to customer satisfaction and I applaud your efforts in that regard. (Take note Kickstarters, Robacat is the model.) As this project comes to a close I'm going to miss watching your progress and growth. In some ways that's been more fulfilling than the actual product itself. I hope that you keep in touch with us, your backers, to let us know how Thermodo is doing and inform us of cool apps that work with the product. And, of course, keep us apprised of any new products that you may be developing. Regards, Chuck Ackerman Southern California I have a bad feeling about the ETA being before Christmas. :( Looking forward to the next update @Robocat , How is the sdk coming? When might those of us who pledged for Early Premium + SDK get access to start looking at the sdk documentation? Getting anxious to see it here :) Thanks Hi, I'm in the second batch, no email, no nothing yet. Can You give me an update? Janos Kizer Thats soooo cool! Can't wait to get it in my hands. You just are awesome. By the way: I'm in Copenhagen 14./15. December ,-) the lines of** Can't wait for the shipping update - hope it goes along to lines of "We've shipped....!" How is the android app doing? Can you post the apk on your website? This user's account has been deleted. Lol @ at those who always jump on the kickstarter lecture bandwagon. It's so boring and done to death. How about you all intelligently counteract criticism rather than just automatically say "thank God they're at least giving us something we could have got nothing". If anything, it shows your lack of faith and standards in Robocat, and also your poor choice of kickstarter investments in the past. I've never backed a mothballed project. I carefully consider every project detail and every dollar I donate instead of splashing money at 100 projects and hoping for the best. Guys... It's Kickstarter. I can't believe people are complaining about being cheated or let down. Who cares? I'm happy I receive anything after I back something on Kickstarter. I backed the premium version and when I found out it wasn't going to arrive in August, I was disappointed...but I could care less if a regular Thermodo backer is getting theirs a week earlier. I just want to reiterate, that it's Kickstarter. I know people that backed things that never showed up, or the item that showed up didn't resemble what was promised. For the last time... ITS KICKSTARTER... Relax. Really? We're talking about $14... I wish those feeling wronged an abiding sense of Peace. Life is too short to sweat the little stuff. Ed In real life, the world of investment would wipe out these softies who talk about a third of their investment used charitably, without permission, being okay. The problem isn't whether the premium product will "look premium" - there's no doubt about that from the updates. It's whether our $14 was WORTH anodising a thumb-sized object. The bulk of that $14 was going to be used to make the device aluminium which made sense and was perfectly reasonable. But $14 for a different colour is absurd. The premium tier should've been split into three tiers: 'Colour premium' 'Material premium' 'Complete premium' Or, premium backers should've been asked if they wanted downgrade to regular backer and receive a $14 refund, in light of the aluminium announcement. (But this obviously wasn't done because our $14 was necessary to pay for everyone else's aluminium.) I'm sure there are many premium backers here who would feel mislead and cheated if they understood the situation. If the 'material premium' category existed, I'm certain that there'd be a big retaliation. I didn't make any comment until it hit me that our $14 is *to some extent* being used to pay for 5000+ others to get a free material upgrade whilst we get only receive compromise after compromise for our higher investment. I'll bite my tongue until December 24.... :) I'm doing my best to bite my tongue, but it sounds a bit like sour grapes. I wish the “nay sayers” could see the two side by side – I think you’d be hard pressed not to say that the premium is premium. Put an anodized finish beside a painted finish and there will is no question which is the premium version. Plus add in the electrode engraving!! We all knew going in that “aluminum for all” was a possibility. Did they promise the premiums first? I don’t know - I don’t recall seeing that. All I know is that all of the backer levels have the same estimated delivery date of “August 2013”. Yes, August has come and gone. But let’s please don’t forget that Kickstarter is NOT a store. If you want something today or tomorrow, go to a store and buy a premade product off the shelf. Kickstarter is about investing in someone’s dream or idea. Our return on our investment (“ROI”) is our promised reward. Like any investment, some investments come to fruition better or earlier than others. Yes, they’re later than they originally envisioned, but I think they’ll deliver a superior product – to both the premium and non-premium backers. Let’s also not lose sight that they are developing a product not only as an ROI to their investors (as a reward to their backers), but they’re developing their product for THEIR future – the same product (idea or dream) that we agreed to invest in. Patience is a virtue. Wow - $14 does not a loaded bank account make, just say'n... Here in the US we just had our national day of thanksgiving - I for one and thankful that Robocat designed and made anything at all and having brought life such a unique item, allowed people around the world the opportunity to participate in their dream. What a wonderful gift - for which I think my paltry $14 consensual charity to the regular is just a small reflection of the charity Robocat offered all of us to be part of this. Don't worry, be happy - life is better that way :) Ed Would've never selected the premium tier If I knew that they'd all be made from aluminium (and I'd get the product last). Specifically chose to pay $14 extra for the material that they claimed worked best. The claim is now that the $14 is being used to give it a pretty finish, but really it's just paying for all the regular backers to also have aluminium. Enjoy our non-consensual charity, regular backers. Premium backers who don't feel cheated either have loaded bank accounts or no sense of value. I disagree. The premium version is anodized, not painted. This alone makes it a better product. From the very beginning of this project, one of the stretch goals was "Aluminum for Everyone". I would have backed the premium for the anodized finish even if that stretch goal was met. Everyone having aluminum will not take away from the quality or function of my Thermodo. I think the only error Robocat made was to state that the premium ones would ship earlier. They have been careful not to publish schedules, which drove me nuts for a long time. With the backlash associated with the premium delay, I now understand the reluctance to provide an estimated date. As another premium backer (who paid only $14 extra for the privilege) to be told a new delay because i paid extra and here is why i feel let down.. "Once we made the call to go all aluminium, a decision that took months of work, we made sure that the Premium stayed distinctively different. The electrode engraving and the anodization and sand bead blasting process is much more costly and produces a radically different result than the regular Thermodos. Don't get me wrong, I'm very satisfied with how our automotive grade painted regular Thermodos have turned out, but the Premium ones are just as premium as they were always intended to be." you where making the ...PREMIUM - Get one premium anodized aluminum edition Thermodo...so noting changed you just are making stuff up now if you had to change from plastic to aluminum ok ...But you where making the aluminum all along,,,noting changed except the amount of aluminum needed and how long it would take to produce them sad i backed this project now As another premium backer (who paid only $14 extra for the privilege) I very happy with @Robocat's decision to implement the finish upgrade as a PRESENT above and beyond the "PREMIUM - Get one premium anodized aluminum edition Thermodo." product that I pledged to back. Great work Robocat - there is so much to celebrate here with your success in the software, manufacturing, and quality communication and feedback to your backers! This Kickstarter project is one you can be proud of :) Great Work Everyone! @Eric L Karr Robocat meeting obligations they made to their premium backers (remember THEY set the expectations...we did not) and the quality of the final product are not mutually exclusive. I'm struggling to see how one thing has to do with the other. @Robocat you are misunderstanding what I am saying. I don't have a gripe. I'm utilizing the ability to comment on your project to verbalized my disappointment on the changes made to the fulfillment expectations to us premium backers. There was a change as to what I was expecting as a premium backer. I'll say it again...I have no problem with the overall delay as it made for a better product for all of us. As I have only backed the premium model I will have no way of comparison to the regular model. I can only go by what I receive in hand. Like I stated previously the only added value I can actually "see" (being among the first to receive it) is gone. I know it is a small thing but perception of value is a real thing and one any manufacturer should consider in setting and meeting expectations. So to put this to bed I'll try it more directly. You made a statement that because all will be aluminum, premium backers Thermodos will receive a unique treatment AND would be among the first to receive their product. That is no longer the case. We, in fact, will be among the last to receive our product. This change has become a source of disappointment to this particular backer. It has nothing to do with any expected disappointment in the quality (in fact it looks like it will be "insanely great"). It has nothing to do with dissatisfaction that we all will receive a better product. I really don't think it's very difficult to understand where I'm coming from. I don't expect anything to change and that was never an expectation. I was just trying to let you know that this change is a source of disappointment. I continue to look forward to receiving my Thermodo and reading about them from other backers while I wait for delivery of my premium model. @Michael So I understnad you better, you are upset that you will not get yours first? So you would rather Robocat send you the item no matter the condition, instead of them putting in the effort to make sure its a quality product? Or is it that since you are not getting it first, as they mentioned once, that you feel compensation is in order? I think the compensation is that they care enough about the product that they are making sure it meets their standards. I for one, and am not speaking for any other backers, would rather wait to get a great product then say "Me First!" and get inferior product. Cute story CartersFARM. I'm not sure if your telling this story is suppose to somehow relate to the point I was making. If that was your intention then I have to say that it has no connection at all to my point. We all were presented with a list of options to chose from. The list clearly stated what we were to expect from each choice. Then what we signed on for as premium backers changed. I was ok with the change as we were to receive compensation for those changes. Now one of those substitute perks is being taken away. No relation at all to your story. It's not a big deal but it is something that I am disappointed about and I wanted to be sure my feelings as a premium backer were heard. This reminds me of a story I heard... This guy hired some day laborers to work for $100 a day cleaning his shop for a relocation. Half way through the day, he saw they were not going to be done in time for the lease inspection that evening. He went back to the street corner where he hired the first group and found some workers still standing around. He asked them to work for him and in a rush just told them he'd pay them what was right. Late in the afternoon they were close, but still didn't look like they'd hit the deadline so he went looking and found another set of workers in the same place and brought them back to the shop. They got it wrapped up a half hour before the deadline and he called all of the workers together to pay them for the day. He paid the last group $100, and then the noon group $100, and finally the first group $100. The last group and the noon group were thrilled that they got a chunk of change for only working part of the day and they went off happy. The first group stood around and complained to each other that it wasn't fair and that their pay was too low and they were cheated. The store owner was concerned that they hadn't left yet and the inspection was about to start so when he asked them what was wrong, they told him that he had cheated them and they weren't going to take it lying down. He said, wait a minute, didn't you agree to work for me for $100 for today? They said, sure, but you paid those guys that showed up at the end of the day and just worked for an hour the same $100 you paid us - that's not fair! He said, excuse me for being generous with my own money! But I can do that, its a free country. I paid you what I owed you and that's fair, how you feel about these other people is not my problem. They stomped off, always feeling that they had been cheated... Just a funny little story about human nature. I pledged the extra $14 for a premium and am thrilled that they are making this, and that it is even more than I expected when I pledged. I feel like I'm being treated very fairly, and I'm happy that they can be generous with everyone else. Peace - Ed As a premium backer of two Thermodos I think Robocat should hold shipment of the regular ones until the premiums are shipped. That way I will get mine faster. Just kidding. Do your best. I look forward to getting mine when it is ready. It’s also worth to note that if the possibility of a slight delay with the premium Thermodos can cause disappointment (which I can understand), one can imagine what slipping shipping dates would have caused. Release dates are difficult — even for software — no matter how large or small the team is. Production adds a whole new chain of obstacles to solve. Completely agree with Michael LaBella that others should take notice at how this project was handled. While the news isn't always what we would want to hear, it's so much better than hearing nothing at all. @Robocat - My comments are only an attempt to let you know how this shipping decision feels to one of your premium backers. I have no doubt, based on all available information, that your product (both versions) will be exceptional and worth the wait. I am also aware of my, and all of us backers, role in this process and that we are not purchasing a product as much as investing in your vision. I relish that role. As I explained, my thoughts stem from what we, as premium backers, have been promised would be the distinctions between the backer levels we were provided to chose from. We all, regular and premium, based our backer level decision on what we were presented at the time. From your updates I understand the process you went through and how and why you based your decision to make the changes you did. As I said I commend and applaud those decisions. Hell if it was my dream and vision I would have probably made those very same decisions. When those changes were made you made other decisions to compensate for the perceived value that us premium backers had lost. Again all was good in my eyes at that time. However one of those decisions was to state that as premium backers we are to be among the first to receive our rewards. Since that is no longer accurate, there is a loss of that value. It appears I may be the only one that feels this way but it is how I feel. Don't get me wrong I'm not angry about this situation in the least. However I am very disappointed that my role in supporting your vision at the premium level has lost its cache (albeit slightly). I am also disappointed that you had to back off the promise you made to us premium level backers. I don't have an answer to your question as to what I propose you do in this situation. That isn't part of my role as a backer. I am very excited to know that the logistics of the shipping process has begun and that our rewards are in sight. I can only imagine the level of excitement at Robocat as you approach the point where your dream is in the hands of your backers. By the way I want to thank you for taking the time you do to openly communicate with your backers and have such discussions. How you have provided timely updates and have, time and time again, answered questions and provided information about the ups and downs of the processes you've gone through should be a mandatory blueprint for all Kickstarter projects. Congratulations! Thanks for your detailed response (3 hours ago). The delays, the stretch goals, and other modifications are often frustrating points with Kickstarter backers. The Kickstarter concept is still relatively new to everybody, and this is a learning process for all of us. Even so ... it would be nice to get a new estimated ship date. When the original date is missed, most project creators are scared to give backers a new date because they might miss it again. I'd rather have a new date that you end up missing than have no date at all. We understand that it's not a firm date, but that it is a goal that you are 90% confident that you can hit. Anyway, looking forward to it. Good luck with production/shipping. YAY!!! Thanks for the updates. I am so looking forward to my beautiful green Thermodo. Youv'e done a great job with the updates and I know the Thermodos will be worth the wait. I supported the regular Thermodos and while I’m extremely pleased with Robocat finding a way to make the product even better by offering aluminium to everyone, I still see the premium ones very unique. In fact, I’m a little regretful of not supporting one. @Brian Hart - You are correct that aluminum for everyone was a possibility but, as we all know, that was not attained through the stretch goals. It can also be argued that anyone that invested in the premium option did more to help attain the stretch goals (including the all aluminum goal) rather than those that invested in the lower tier option. Not a problem as I went into this knowing that that was a possibility and that if that last goal was met (aluminum for all) I was, in actuality, lowering the uniqueness of my pledge reward while doing more so to reach that goal than the people that would actually benefit from that goal. All that being said, as we all know, that goal was not reached. I was rooting for it to be met myself as I am very enthusiastic about this product and have become more so as I see all the hard work and effort the fine people at Robocat have done, and are doing, to put out a top notch product. However Robocat was gracious enough to decide that all would get aluminum. Very commendable and maybe generous but as a premium backer I felt like this was a direct hit to the value placed on the premium model as the project was designed. Robocat had us premium backers in mind though and decided to provide our rewards with an Electrode Erosion process that will help them stand out from the basic model. They also stated that "And if that wasn't enough, we've also decided that the premium products should go into production first - that means if you're a premium backer you'll be among the first ones to get your Thermodo." To be honest I found those compromises to be of value enough to replace the fact that we lost the uniqueness of the aluminum casing. The problem arises when the application of one of those benefits effectively removes the other benefit. Now the very reason we have for having invested in a premium version (the change to the Electron Erosion process) is the cause for us not to be the among the first to receive our reward. Now we, as premium backers, are faced with the news: "We've had a few issues with the anodization on the premium ones, so it doesn't look like they'll go out before regulars." There goes one of the replacement benefits we received when they went all aluminum. BTW it has nothing to do with feeling better about my choice. It's about entering into this agreement accepting the terms as they were provided. Those terms changed and were replaced with others. Fair enough. Now we are losing what we were given as premium backers without adequate replacement. One of the stretch goals was aluminum for everyone. So as backers of the premium on everyone should've known that was a possibility to begin with. As a backer that bought both I'm glad they found a way to offer a better product to the lower tier rather than just ship a cheaper product to make the premium backers feel better about their choice. While the wait is not ideal I'd much rather they work out the kinks than send an inferior product to me. Backer shipping information requested... So surely you'll be expecting to ship in the next few weeks? Hopefully the factories can perfect these premium Thermodo's an get them out the door at the same time - keep pressing them! @Robocat It was one thing, as a premium backer, to lose out on the exclusivity of having an aluminum version of the product as opposed to the non-premium painted plastic one. That then prompted the move to anodize the premium version. Now the process to do the anodizing of the premium version may cause us premium backers to receive our product the same time (or after?) the regular versions. Because the anodization of our green ones may hinder the possibility of receiving ours early in the shipping process, I'm struggling to find any remaining benefit (other than the limited edition color) to have backed the premium version. Please help me see what remaining benefit there is for the more costly premium version and why we, as premium backers, should remain satisfied with our decision to back this version of your product. ...and myself One more question.. :( I know (I know, I know...) you guys have said 2013 being your delivery date estimate... If Christmas is becomes an unreasonable delivery deadline, PLEASE, please, please, let us know ASAP. I'm kinda banking on the Thermodos being Christmas presents to the 3 most important people in my life... Also, while reading the updates, it looks like the regular Thermodos will be done first...so reverse the order of my question below... @Robocat I would like an update on an earlier question from July 4: You stated that the premium Thermodos will be made and shipped first. I ordered a combination of the two different types of Thermodos... Will I receive my premium Thermodos first then the regulars in a different shipment? Or... Will I have to wait for the production of the regular Thermodos to receive both types in one shipment? I wouldn't want to be "punished" for ordering various of the two types of Thermodos instead of just one premium. Thanks for the update! I give to Robocat and the approach. I have backed other groups that put out a ship date that comes and goes. Then about a week latter they come up with a story and a new ship date then repeat. and repeat. So far I think they are trying to share there journey with us in a Readers Digest version of course. Also from what I have seen they have been very up front and honest. I'm also jealous where they live. Hey Robo-dudes, thanks a lot for taking the time to make and share the behind-the-scenes videos. As outsiders to the process I think many folks aren’t quite aware of all the logistics, hard work and intangibles in a project such as this and your dedication is great. Keep up the good work and good luck with the rest of the project! @Marie: I understand your viewpoint, but I feel like you (and others that have displayed signs of impatience) are forgetting that the Thermodo team has received more than ten times the amount they originally set out to have for the development of their product. That, in turn, has led to them drastically rethinking their plans, as the number of units to be fulfilled skyrocketed. How you handle 1000 orders is vastly different than how you handle 12000. That they have shared with us problems along the way and those problems eventual resolutions tells me they are on the ball. Also, I have been using Robocat apps on iOS for as long as I've owned Apple devices. I can speak to the high level of polish those apps exhibit. I have no reason to think that they have a lesser commitment to their first physical product. Release dates from major corporations are often not met due to problems encountered along the way. I can't fault our friends in Copenhagen for needing extra time to resolve issues they've never had to deal with in the past, nor can I fault them for not wanting to share a timeline that may as we'll be nullified tomorrow. Think how upset you'd be if they promised it in your hands by December 1st and had to slip that promise due to a last minute anodizing snafu. There won't be customs charges, will there? Hoping you'll ship in bulk and distribute locally. So far spent about a quarter of what I've backed on kickstarter projects on customs fees and import taxes! Thanks ... and yes, crowdfunding is for me ;-) Waiting for the product is not bothering me, but waiting for more precise plan and dates than "sometime this fall" is! I'm under the impression that something is wrong with the production process and that they are buying some time. I'm happy to wait for you guys to get it right. I truly appreciate the engineering and production challenges. I understand the impatience of some backers, but the crowd funding concept forces all of us to see this from drawing board. When you buy something at a store you don't see any of the R&D and production effort, but it is still there. For those that can't wait maybe crowd funding is not for you? Agree Marie-Andree Poisson! Chipolo is annoucing that they will do the temperature thing. Better get the Thermodo out soon ... @Anthony I've also learn on KS that longer delays are not always better and synonymous of quality. @Terry They must ship to the backers first before shipping pre-orders. Since we don't know when this will be yet, I doubt pre-orders will be shipped before Christmas. hi on your web site ,,Pre orders,,Estimated shipping fall 2013 dose this mean if i want more i will have them by xmass ? thanks As I just finished commenting on a Kickstarter that is beginning to look like the worst case scenario (money charged, products MIA or defective), I felt the need to drop a line to the Thermodo team to say: thank you. Your obvious commitment to the entire process, especially quality control and keeping backers informed, is amazing. I'm very glad to be a part of your effort and will patiently wait for my Thermodo to arrive when you decide it's ready. To anyone getting antsy: we can have it fast or we can have it good. Know that this team is doing what they should be doing: ensuring a great product for those who believed in them enough to back their vision. I know this has been covered but where can I send my new address? Best -t Thanks for the info. Hopefully the companion app will eventually work with iOS 6 or another developer will take on the mission. The video is nice to have and it's obvious to me that you've chosen a very capable and experienced factory. For all of the very demanding backers on here, please consider that manufacturing of this type for a company that has not done it before has a learning curve and takes time. And manufacturing errors are part of the process. I find it interesting that backers on Kickstarter support entrepreneurship like this, but then are some of the most demanding folks when it comes to receiving their products even when being educated to the challenging production processes. Can I get an answer to my question(s) posted 14 days ago? Can't wait to see this video out of China, when are we likely to see it? The way it looks, based on the fact that you should receive the 0-series production sometime in the middle of November, we shouldn't expect to receive our Thermodos during 2013. And that's only if that 0-series passes all the QC etc. Disappointing & frustrating to say the least. App Store that is! Can your manufacturer in China at least give you a date for when the production will start? End? Is the software finished? Submitted to The Apple Store with a Thermodo unit for review? Absolutely sure? Maybe you are pushing it a little bit too much Thermodo. You'll wait till all units have pass QA before announcing a delivery date? Come on guys, at this point we're really no longer interested in "some sweet video out of China". I really appreciate all the efforts you have been made to make the Thermodo as better as possible and i understand it surely hasn't been an easy task to carry on, but by now it has became an agony waiting for you to finally ship out the final product. I really hope (and i think the vast majority of bakers agrees with me) to receive my Thermodo within Christmas, otherwise it will be a big dissappointment. Not really if there first batch is due to be delivered in the next fortnight. By Christmas I meant last posting dates for international which would be around 16th December for US to UK shipments. @Hadleigh End of november is already Christmas season in the mailing world. At this point in time and progress, having our Thermodo for Christmas seems like a stretch. Get it up onto Vimeo and in an update, can't wait to see how there progressing! Hopefully we can start the shipping process by End of November before the postal companies start receiving Christmas Mail in December! any new estimated dates? im waiting to use it for my holiday. thanx All I can say this thing better be beyond expectations. That was quick! @Robocat, any chance that you can give us a quick status update and estimated date for the next step. For example, have you ordered the 200 0-series production and if so, when do you expect to receive them? Once you receive them, another update telling us that you got them and the planned date that you are sending them to apple. I know that it's hard to provide a final delivery date, but a quick status update on a more regular basis would be much appreciated. I love the video updates, but would gladly forgo them for more frequent updates. Thanks. Awesome product, can't wait to receive mine. This was the product which finally made me decide to join kickstarter and pledge :) Two quick questions: 1. What will be the minimum iOS that the thermodo app will work with? I have a 4th gen iPod touch so I hope that it will be compatible with at least iOS 6 or even earlier but I know that some APIs might not be available in the earlier systems. 2. What are the chances of robocat creating a Mac app which can use the thermodo? I think just a little widget for the dashboard would be awesome and even worth paying for. Keep up the great work and updates :) I think it would be good to put some of your comment answers in a regular update. A lot of interesting info and not everyone scour the comment's page. Guys, you should definitely provide an approximative date (or at least a period) for delivery. Are we talking about end of October, middle of November? December? @Leonard like they said previously because it's not just a bog standard App it needs the Thermodo to work then they need to ship a few test devices to Apple for App Store verification which takes longer than say verification of an app that doesn't need any hardware to work. So could take longer - but hopefully this process has started. It's currently about 6 days: <url>"address" survey before shipping them out! I'm sure a lot of us have moved. a update would be great @Julian+1 That was very well stated, and right on the money! I see a lot of complaints. I promise that this will be a constructive criticism and not just a complaint. (1) "10X of Thermodos what we initially anticipated" is a pretty lame excuse. The only thing that takes extra time should be the production of the finished goods. Everything else--R&D, testing, and making the first item--shouldn't take any longer. Whether you're making 1,000 or 10,000, it should take the same amount of time to start making the first 1. (2) Of course, with most projects, the timeline slips. We get that there will be delays. A 1-2 month delay in a Kickstarter project is not only acceptable, it is anticipated by any experienced backer these days. But one thing that we expect is open communication. Just be open and honest with us. How did you come up with the anticipated delivery date of August 2013? Why is it taking longer than expected? What issues are you currently having? Anything we can do to help? Your last update was 3 weeks ago. That's too long to go without an update. (3) Not giving us an updated delivery date is not acceptable. You gave us an estimated date (August 2013) to entice us to back you. We gave you money anticipating delivery in a timely manner. Now that you're delayed, you're shutting us out and not willing to give us a new estimate. Scammers do things like that, and you guys don't seem like scammers. So please do the right thing and give us a new estimate. We realize that this will just be an estimate. And we understand that you might slip on the new date. As long as you're open and honest with us as to the reason for the delays, most of us will be patient and understanding. Looking forward to the finished product. Hope we can get a promising update soon. Thanks. I am happy to wait for the item to be right be for shipping updates are good to see I back this as I like the item new it my take mouths to get right I am all behind you waiting like a good guy not moaning about it just keep up the good work @David: You're right, it is hard. That's why you estimate conservatively, under promise and over deliver. Gotta agree with Terry and the other backers. Don't send surveys until you're ready to ship. If people can't remember what they ordered, that's on them. Now you have more work to do changing addresses one at a time - its just silly. As for getting 10x more orders than you expected, you should have limited that tier of thermodos and opened a new tier with a later shipping date. Of course this may have resulted in fewer pledges, but that's the cost of not being greedy and running your startup ethically. Finally, its a temperature sensor and a headphone jack. It isn't rocket science. You're looking at 60-90 days of delay right now for all backers. Really disappointing, and reflective of poor project planning. Ingenuity is something I enjoy supporting. And while I am am glad to have supported this nifty idea, and can appreciate it with my electrical and computer engineering background, by the time I get it, I will just put it in a drawer. It looks as if I have found something else to occupy the headphone port on my phone, that will be much more useful to me. Pressy. It was just a matter of time. So glad the 5S isn't going to have a thermometer built in, give me at least another year with Thermodo when it finally arrives! Any update?? Just another word of encouragement and I'm very happy to be part of your adventure! Keep on keeping on! Ed Wow less then a month late and people already talking smack. you have no idea how hard it is to bring a idea from concept to design to a quality production it is very hard to pick a accurate date on any product production. Robocat some people will never be happy that is a very small group. please continue to keep the rest of us informed. I read every update I get. 2-3 months delay is not the end of the world for a project that got 10x the goal. With my Pebble and video games experiences in here, I became zen in that respect :-) For real tho ...you're not reinventing the wheel here. Wtf is taking so long... It says Estimated delivery. Not guaranteed. Go back to the dictionary to check your definitions. This user's account has been deleted. Why can no kickstarter campaign ever deliver what they say on time? Estimated delivery: Aug 2013 I much prefer communication over silence. Please continue to keep us in the loop. I look forward to getting my Thermodo and also backed it because it was a really cool idea. I did not purchase a finished product 4 months ago. I invested (gambled?) on a group of inventors that had a cool idea, with no guarantee it would result in a quality or even a finished product ( is that the definition of kickstarter? ) -- keeping the faith, and very anxious -- thanks Robocat! ^~^ I personally enjoy the behind the scenes type of videos. Isn't that the essence of what kickstarter is: 1. Idea. 2. Request of support. 3. Pledge (for specific reward) 4. Production or attempted production (with documentation of the process for backers) 5. Ship product. Look at most comments on any project. It always astounds me what people will say. It is true that we are financial backers. However, most of the time we are not individually bank rolling the projects we back. Hell, it is amazing how well most projects turn out. Thanks for keeping the wait fun and informative. Guys when is the delivery date ? please no more of the "Behind the Scenes videos" get this made , tested and shipped, you will have to ask again for shipping address ,,why ,,you sent the survey way ,,way too early this will take up more time,,,my survey was filled out on 04/25/13../..25/04/2013 that was 4 months ago please no more time wasting,,you have $336.018 dont waste it on "Behind the Scenes videos" This user's account has been deleted. Please continue with the updates and videos. I enjoy knowing what you are doing and going through. please continue to share with us I am backing other projects that getting them to share progress and even shipping updates is like pulling teeth. What people don't realize is these project rarely go exactly as planned. The Danish/Dutch connundrum highlighted in your video reminds me of my Chinese room mate whom I always introduce to my friends as Japanese for many months. Embarrassing! Let me start by saying Thermodo is a innovative product and the creativity behind the vision and design is admirable. I already use the Robocat Haze app and think it's pretty good. However, I must say that the so-called updates on Thermodo don't give me a lot of confidence that their first manufacturing effort will go well. The initial Production Update earlier this summerf wandered around quite a lot talking mostly about how hard it ws for them to make decisions and the second "update" was a promotional presentation filmed before the first. This backer wants the product, not the videos and I'm feeling like that may never happen. Concerning the concerns over new phones having temp sensors built in them... If you ordered a Thermodo yet just bought one of those phones, well, I guess you will be getting an xmas present for one of your friends or family members who is still neck-deep in their 2-year contract! Seriously - KickStarter and other similar sites do come with some risk. I backed an interesting bluetooth speaker project that cost half to two thirds what similar devices already on the market were going for. By the time it was delivered (on time, at that), similar devices were going for $20-30 less than the amount I backed. Oh well. It's still a darn fine speaker that I use quite a lot. I recently switched offices, is there a way to update my shipping address? hi is there a new shipping date yet ? thanks @Fabio, if you don't get it by the time you leave, all you need to know is that it's hot here - with the humidity if feels like it's in the mid +40C's. If you're expecting ice, it will likely be very soft!! Good luck!! ;-) I'm travelling abroad for work as of Sep 5th. Any chance of receiving my order before then? I could really use a Thermodo there - I'll be in Canada setting up an event in an ice hockey arena! @Fred. The other product is not really a"Thermodo". It seems to be at a very early development stage. I do like the cooking probe, but it's not really the same product. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Now that I see the t-shirts, I kind of want one too... Can I PayPal you to have a Large sent my way? :) Thermodo: As a backer, I'm glad you're solving your problems. But in the case of the overmold, why didn't you simply form it separately and then screw it on, i.e. form it originally with a thread-shape inside and make the end of the jack in the reverse shape. Good luck. I'm not interested in the temperature my phone reports. It is typically 'battery temp' anyway. Regardless, I think with the app there will be some sweet data to export into other programs. Anxious to receive the final product. And I have not experienced any Kickstarter project yet that delivers on their first anticipated date. @Vihang, what disaster are they supposed to manage with this device? Not everyone has the latest smartphone or plans to have one, so how do you account for them? And even with the new smartphones, how can you be sure that they will perform at par with the Thermodo given that they are added as just a bonus feature more than as a dedicated function? here is a repost : The new phones have temp. sensor feature built in. so little use of thermodo with new / future phones. the only option you can have is to make a app for the mac and pc. so even if new phones have this built in, you can still use this product on your mac or PC. this is a neat option and a kind of disaster management. I really dont think it will be difficult to make a widget or a small app for mac. If you announce this feature then your funder will maintain the room temp. :) Any possibility of adding a tshirt on? Guys, we need the Thermodo. I really appreciate you share all the details and how detailed are with the material and the color choice but we really need you to accelerate. In a bit the Thermodo will be simply old fashioned and only a fancy keyring. The new phones have temp. sensor feature built in. so little use of thermodo with new phones. the only option you can have is to make a app for the mac and pc. so even if new phones have this built in, you can still use this product on your mac or PC. this is a neat option and a kind of disaster management. I really dont think it will be difficult to make a widget or a small app for mac. If you announce this feature then your funder will maintain the room temp. :) Liked the Behind the Scenes look. Keep them coming. Great products do not come fast or easily. Anyone who has backed a project knws these things take time. Keep up the great work and the updates as you have time and info to bring to us. Opps, there is a grammar error below :) I guess it will seem "Sarcastic". Josef - This is not a standalone device, you will need a phone no matter what in order to view the readings. Brandon A - Obviously, you just hear from your friends but they obviously understand how it works. I have a Galaxy S4 on the instructions, it says the readings are not very accurate as the readings will vary based on a whole variety of factors. This item seems to eliminate some of the factors (how hot the phone gets, etc) and I am excited to try to see if this is more accurate. Sounds like Brandon has to be the first kid on the block with a new toy. Otherwise it's just not as fun. In any case Thermodo will be much more accurate than something build in mobile, because It battery, CPU temperature will create deviations. And also you can use Thermodo on other places not just phone. @Brandon LOL! How much did you buy/was your service provider contract for your S4 again? How much did you pledge for this project to get the same functionality for ambient temp reading, without any strings attached? Can you detach that sensor from your S4 and use it on another smartphone/tablet, when you need it? Yes, go figure. @Brandon with a estimated delivery of August I really don't know what you are going on about. Just Sell it when you get it then somebody will want it. Nobody made you back the project. The project is pretty much on track so you have no reason to be upset or complain. Go buy a Galaxy S4 then and be happy @Brandon, I still don't understand why you'd purchase a product when as you yourself have stated it may only be useful for a few months, until additional phones have it? All I know is, my friends who bought the galaxy s4, can ALREADY take the ambient temperature... They don't have to wait for the Thermodo to come out!!! Months do make a difference when it comes to cell tech.... :( When it comes to cell phones (and tablets)....months can mean the difference between success and total failure! If you can't see that, I'm sorry. :) I backed this project because I believed (and still do believe) it will be a success. The REALITY is that phones ARE coming out with this capability built into them. There is no way around it! Tell me I'm wrong...you can't. Like I said, before you tried to shoot me down, months CAN decide the validity if this project. It's not my imagination that other cell phones have this temp readings built into them already!! I pledged multiple Thermodos and hope they come in before my next cell phone make them obsolete. It's jot hypothetical, it's reality. @brandon, with all due respect, why back it then? The original delivery goal was "August". Now the guys are saying "Fall 2013". I, and I hope most backers, would rather wait a couple months for a much higher quality product than a product that's rushed out the door to meet a goal delivery date - also given that they have almost 10 times as many backers as they could have ever dreamt of - that puts this endeavour into a totally different realm of manufacturing. If a couple of months makes that big of a difference to you, I have a question - why would you want to back a project that only has a two month "usability life"? Again, with respect. #justsaying Look! I can measure the ambient air temperature! It's called, "Thermodo"! Really?!? I can do that with my cell phone...ha! (Sigh) I want to avoid this!.... Sorry I think this is important enough to repost on the general comment area... Periodic updates are nice, but... My only worry with waiting too long for the Thermodo to be market ready is that cell phones are already starting to come out with temperature reading capabilities. The galaxy s4 has it (and I believe a few others). The iPhone 5s is right around the corner too...no word if it will have this feature though. I hope the Thermodo is ready before this technology is integrated into our tech off the store shelves! Unfortunately, it already started! Thanks for the update... @Robocat, I also have the same question as @Dwayne Miller (on July 13). Do you mind posting the response, or responding to me in a direct message? Hey Robocat, thanks for the great update, and video. but come on, its been almost 2 hours since your last update. get with it. @Robocat I'm very excited and anxious to receive my Thermodo! It's looking absolutely fantastic and I'm sure I will be receiving a lot of inquiries about it when I'm using it. I see in your reply to Hadliegh that the word is "Fall 2013" and that your website states that pre-orders are expected to ship "Fall 2013". Will us KS backers be receiving ours prior to the Fall or is the Fall delivery projection for KS backers and pre-orders from your site? So how is development of the app progressing? Are we ahead if schedule for the Aug delivery date? With this nice weather over here in the UK would be sweet to be using it as soon as possible! Great work though so far!! Awesome update guys. The units look great. Could you give us some specifications on the production units? - accuracy +/- degrees F/C? Is it different on IOS vs Android? - temperature range - response time to reading, say from 90F in pocket to 60F outside? - power draw for continuous readings? It shouldn't take too long to test them - and it would be nice to know. I'm curious - would a small sleeve (sock) that covers the sensor, if dampened, return accurate 'wet bulb' temperature readings? Could that be incorporated in the app to give atmospheric humidity? Looking good guys! I just moved into a house damaged by Hurricane Sandy that now has 3 new AC units, and old fridge or two. I need to test all these things with my Thermodo!!!! Hope things move to production soon, can't wait!!! Great update. I love your attention to detail! A Thermodo would've been nice to use during the heatwave on the west coast. Anyways, awesome update! @Robocat You stated that the premium Thermodos will be made and shipped first. I ordered a combination of the two different types of Thermodos... Will I receive my premium Thermodos first then the regulars in a different shipment? Or... Will I have to wait for the production of the regular Thermodos to receive both types in one shipment? I wouldn't want to be "punished" for ordering various of the two types of Thermodos instead of just one premium. Thanks for the update! Write directly to them, how? @Joseph. You should write directly to them for that. A lot more efficient. @Joseph. You should write directly to them for that. A lot more efficient. Thermodo Project shows me pledging $25 but with a reward of only $1, which means I'm not getting a reward. I'm sure I selected a reward equal to my pledge and I expect to receive a Thermodo thermometer. Hey Thermodo, it's been about 1/2 month and was wondering if we can get an update. At this point a weekly update should be in the works as August quickly approaches. Looking forward to hearing how things are going and to see how the final steps come together for product delivery. For the people with case fitting problems...... Try this - <url>"Sign up to our super awesome newsletter to be notified about new Robocat projects. We ♥ email. <url>"! Maybe you should concentrate On communicating here, on your actual project? @Hadleigh: Sadly, I don't think that's going to happen - that's essentially a web app and they'd have to implement the Thermodo temperature code in JavaScript. I'm also not positive that websites (at least on iOS) can use microphone audio (how Thermodo works). Maybe some integration with -<url>"buy new toy". It is a place to back the creation, production and diffusion of products and projects. I say everyone should just get out and have an ice cream. At the end of the days this is just about buying toys. It is not a big deal. :P I understand @Michael, and following the comments section is relatively easy when: 1. You aren't backing that many projects 2. They aren't over 10,000 backers constantly commenting But at backing over 60 projects, trying to follow comment threads on all of them - isn't an easy task. Which is why project creators are encouraged to provide proper "updates" so it can easily be picked up by investors inbox & notified (this doesn't happen with comments). Yes, there is such a thing as over kill and they really shouldn't be updating every other day (unless the project timescale was of extremely short duration), but around once a fortnight or at least once a month for longer term projects (Like the Sterling Engine Puc project due for completion next March) is expected. It's not whining, it's about being polite, informative & respectful with your investors. I think that's all that some backers were asking here - a proper update channel as perhaps they may find it difficult to track comments given my reasons above. Anyway, I do hope this project stays on track as I'm really excited to try out this really neat gadget :-) Since Robocat has been fairly active on the Comments section I see no need for a step by step update. I backed a project recently that has had an update almost every day and I would much rather it be official updates when there is cool stuff to share or important information. @Sarah :) Good communication is not a "nice to have". It is crucial for backers to understand the ups and downs with bringing a project to market. Asking for more regular updates is not whining. I'm a backer of the Bluetooth earbuds project which gives regular updates every fortnight - good & bad news. It helps us understand their issues, offer advice, manage our excitations and most importantly feel involved in the project. We aren't buying an off the shelf product here - it's an investment in bringing an idea to market. As an investor, I expect regular updates on my investment. After backing nearly 60 KS projects, I have a fair bit of experience in picking up the warning signs when projects start to go off the rails (Pebble, the Brydge, L8)... Lack of regular updates & comms is the first sign. I am disappointed that this project seems to be heading down that path. I hope that they can pull it back for all our sakes. You guys obviously all understand the initial spirit of KS! On that I will let you alone on the "please, don't communicate with us team". +1 For Team Bradley. Its like Christmas you wait then ooh shiny new sparkly toys. First comes the wait. Then comes the toys. @Bradley I appreciate what you said.. I've been getting fed up with @Marie and a few others in the minority whining about updates. Let the company work, and let them give us incremental updates when they have something worth updating us on (which is exactly what they're doing). @robocat has done a fantastic job thus far; keep it up! #TeamBradley I just bought a new phone, Luckily I haven't bought s4, because I just notice that s4 already have temperature sensor in it Any chance Windows Phone support can be provided in the future? I know it was a $400k stretch goal but I have recently switched to a Nokia Lumia 928 from an iPhone; I would love to be able to use this when I get it. Otherwise eBay it is... be patient based on what I have seen the company is working hard and might actually be ahead of schedule. sounds like test units are working well. Sounds like they might be nearing production soon. knowing kickstarter they probably received there funds not long ago. takes a month on average. I have a feeling we will get a big update soon. This user's account has been deleted. I'm on team Bradley! :P @Bradley Have you been part of many medium to large size development projects? Communication to project members, and project stakeholders can (must) certainly be part of them. Sorry but I don't buy the "Communicating is mutually exclusive to producing" theory! @Marie-Andree @Felipe and @anyone-who-is-impatient you all need to chill out. We all join and back items on Kickstarter to get fantastic companies going...you say they haven't updated in a month? Scroll down in comments...it was a little over 8 days ago. Relax, I'd rather them focus on perfecting their product rather than rushing a product out that has bugs left and right, and wasting time updating when there is no new news simply because impatient backers don't understand that this takes time. So, let them work, relax, and be grateful that they allowed us to be a part of this. I'm sorry to come off like an ass but you guys need to chill. @Marie-Andree you're being just as impatient on other items that you're backing (of which I back as well). Good things come to those who wait. Thank you for your time. @robocat if I have thermodo plugged in will I be able to use Bluetooth to listen to music when I get in my vehicle ? @Felipe Let say that they are not abusing in the communication part. No update for more than 1 month, and no, comments don't really count since we are not notified. Any update!!?!?!?! Man, just found out my phone Android GS4 measures temperature, pressure and humidity lol without any Addons. Oh well still looking forward in getting this for a gift for someone. Sounds like you guys are ahead of schedule? I'm excited to get my hands on mine it will be so nice to take a quick indoor temp. I hope you guys have allot of success. When sending to Australia, Melbourne ?? Do you have a production update for the plastic ones? Is August still a good date? Can you use the themodo and listen to music at the same time with a wire splitter? Thanks for the info. @Robocat how's the production going? Any new updates? @lars you'll get it around August :) 20 days without a comment from Creators, that must be a record! Deliv: AUGUST 2013. It's MAI! Jo mei, des is noch a Weilchen hin, @Lars. 3,5 Monate noch. 3,5 Month to wait :( can understand everything is late. I have not received my product Have you shipped the SDK? Can we buy that on the web site? Zzzzzzzz! This product looks great and I am really happy that I backed it. I was wondering though if you guys have plans to expand this? A barometer and hygrometer along with the thermometer would be very helpful especially if you could make/keep a package like that around the same size (or just a few times larger). Just a thought. Robocat – I am filling out the backer survey, and I REALLY want the Limited Edition Kickstarter Green color option for my Premium Thermodo, but I'm a little worried about the ACTUAL color that will be produced. If it is truly going to be a neon / Kickstarter / Monster green, then I definitely want it. I know that color is possible with anodizing, but colors all depend on who is doing it. Please let me know if the color is something that has been looked into, and a truly bright Kickstarter / Monster green is possible?? Thanks! -Shane @John Anodyzed! See update #16 Silly question but is the Kickstarter Green thermodo an anodized finish, or just plastic? By the way, I'm not implying that they are part of the worsts in that respect (not at all), I just want them to be part of the bests:-) @Brandon. Yes, Adam can certainly post his question in here, but responding to questions, commenting, and updating is also part of a successful project like this. Thermodo should not be part of the "we communicated well to get the money, and after that, the heck with the backers. They'll get the product, and be happy". @ Adam Robson You should post your question for Robocat here and let other backers try to help. Since Robocat received our $$$, they seem to be a little too preoccupied with the planning & construction of the Thermodo to stay updated with Kickstarter questions... Hopefully there will be a surprise with an early shipping date!! I left a message for you guys to contact me as I am having Issues with the Survey, Can you please get back to me ASAP so I can fill it out and get it back to you. Thank you for the green aluminum thermodo!! That's all I really wanted. You guys rock! Can't wait to check it out. Now, what's next?? This is going to be a cool gadget. Can't wait until I get mine in Red. Still wish you guys could hook it up to Weather.com so they can get the temperature correct for once. Robocat – I am filling out the backer survey, and I REALLY want the Limited Edition Kickstarter Green color option for my Premium Thermodo, but I'm a little worried about the ACTUAL color that will be produced. If it is truly going to be a neon / Kickstarter / Monster green, then I definitely want it. I know that color is possible with anodizing, but colors all depend on who is doing it. Please let me know if the color is something that has been looked into, and a truly bright Kickstarter / Monster green is possible?? Thanks! -Shane Never mind I was to quick I need to specify it at the last question of the survey Hello, I got the survey but I want a red one a green one and a normal premium aluminium one. But I can't get it in the survey. Thanks Robocat! Wayne, no worries tomorrow is 14th day and deadline for everybody to get the payment done or lose out, I believe. No way would I ask the rest of the backers to wait because my wasn't in on time. My money was sitting there waiting on D day as I would guess that most backers did. Dear Robocat Team, May I respectfully suggest that you jump on here say every week or so with a mini-update. Even if there's absolutely no news, I think a simple "we are still here and still working hard" type comment demonstrates that you are reading this page and keeping in touch with your backers. That sort of thing helps to build strong relationships and in the event of unforeseen problems down the track, your backers will tend to be more forgiving. Regards, Peter Thanks Marie...I'm not a seasoned Kickstarter so I don't know all the procedures. No survey was sent yet. That is pretty normal considering that the project got funded less than 15 days ago. The Dream Design charge on my credit card was somewhat confusing... Has anyone gotten a email about our orders? I haven't yet awesome, thanks @Frank! EMERGENCY NOTICE: BOSTON MARATHON HIT BY 2 BOMBS AT FINISH LINE. 2 DEAD, 80+ INJURED. <url>#19? I changed my order on the final day to grab a green Thermodo. Chatting about the project with friends in the last night, the consensus was that if this proves popular , Apple will bake it in a future hardware update. I believe its of far more use as a separate device, especially in green! @Brecht: my swiss credit card has already been charged by Amazon. Note that the Recipient is: Dream Design Games Inc. It's the coop partner of Robocat in the USA. Did you login to your Amazon account? Check if your cc info is up-to-date. :) Please say last name! @Robocat I'm curious How will the orders be fulfilled?... all at once, little by little as Thermodos are available, by country, last name, in the order the surveys are received?.... Thanks Is anybody else from Europe having problems paying with Amazon Payments? Is that service US only? Is there an other way to pay? aww man, I knew I should have upgraded to a premium. That green rendering looks great. Dream Design Games Inc ???? I am guessing this is you guys? Its the only 25.00 backing I have made. Just curious. Drat!! If I had checked my email earlier today I would have upgraded to the Premium so I could get the green Thermodo. In any event, congratulations!! Congratulations guys! Looking forward to receiving my Thermodo later this year. Oh, nevermind. Sorry on the double post, I just saw Robocat's response Hello, I have the same issue as Ben and Stephane below - an Amazon payment sent to "Dream Design Games Inc". Who should we contact on this issue? I just received a receipt from Amazon for my $74 pledge. However, it lists "Dream Design Games Inc" as the recipient. Is this correct? There seems to be a company by that here on Kickstarter. Very confusing. My pledge i.e. payment was just processed thru Amazon.com to Dream Design Games Inc. Is that correct, not to "Robocat"? Just asking. Thanks for a project that contained all the Kickstarter fun! Congratulations! Congrats guys! Party on! Too bad we didn't reach the .5 mio goal, but anyway: Congrats to the Robocat team. That was a great campaign! *thumbsup* Party well robocat folks! Congratulations on a successful KS funding round and I look forward to following along here as things move towards final production run. I can't wait to get my shiny green Thermodo! The final seconds :-) <url>"I need to save money for summer"). after all, I don't care that much about what temperature it is anyway. But it seemed so cool. So I starred it and went "let's just think about it for a couple of weeks". Then it hit me: perfect gift for my weather and temperature obsessed mother (she has a mini thermometer in her handbag). Wohoo! @ Marie-Andree Think remember reading that the aluminum would give readings a little quicker. Other than that performance was the same. Was hoping to get a response regarding the difference of performance between the regular and premium models before the end of funding. is there a way to order just stickers? I am at the early $64 pledge and it won't come with stickers, but I would love to buy a few...thanks @ Christian *lol* wenn du Google Translator nutzt, solltest du den Text immer mal Korrekturlesen. @Adam: There have been many, many, many comments regarding cases/covers - my advice is keep reading. The Robocat guys have responded with an update (Update No. 13) - please have a look as well. @Jordi: You will have the chance to choose your color later. How can i choose the color?? i bought the pledge of 25$ but don´t ask me what colour i want... Have these been tested on phones with covers? Slim covers bulky covers etc... Same question as @Chris Sheehan. What is the performance between the 2? Love this project. You know what would rock even more? A humidity sensor in the same casing. We've upgraded our order and already dedicated a webpage on www.Temperatures.com to Thermodo. Can't wait to see it in action on my iPhone with your apps. Well done guys. Really chuffed you got so much support for this project. 29 hours to go! I know it's early days yet but how long do you think it'll be before you send a survey round? I have now supported via a second Kickstarter account. Both run on the same Amazon account. I think it is best of all. ;-) If this should not go, I would appreciate being informed. Christian @Christian - It's possible :o) Simply select the "Thermodo Set" (and read the "FAQ" about color selection) Hello Thermodo, I have a question for you. I would like to order a premium Thermodo, a red and a green Thermodo. My question is how can I do that and if it is possible at all. It would be best if I went Thermodo put a premium package for $ 39 and $ 64 plus $ 10 (shipping) as the total amount for Verfügugn. Is that even possible. The selection is done even in later steps. greeting Christian Congratulations! I just upped my pledge to get 2 premiums instead of the regular premium + normal thermodo set! Just up'd my pledge to Premium; looking to get the "GREEN" one! Congrats with just 33 hours to go!!! I thought I had read that there is a performance difference between the normal Thermodo and the aluminum Thermodo. Now I can't seem to find that, or am I making this up? If it is true how much of a performance difference will there be? Awesome! Thanks Brandon. @Robert Yes. One premium Thermodo (green or plain aluminum color) and one normal Thermodo (black or white or red) I originally backed the $64 package awhile back. With that, will I be able to get the green one? Little confused. Thanks! Can you please sell that metal extension for the Thermodo? If we choose one of the options with a t-Shirt. Will there be different colors to choose from or only black? I agree with B. Maryott. My wife is a runner and a conversion chart for wind chill factor would be a great addition. Awesome, congrats on hitting 300k. Had to change my pledge to a set, I'm sure I figure out something funny for the extra Thermodo :) Will love if this could take buddy temperature ;) Green it is!!! Yes! 300k!!!!!! 47 hrs to go and we might just make it to 300K maybe even 310K in pledges! keep them coming. The red Thermodo would go nice with my experiments/daily usages... running and pet projects! :D @Peter, it will work on all iOS devices, so yes. On the video(s) and the homepage of the project I see only iPhone 5 and android phones, I assume it will also work with the iPhone 4 and 4S right? @Oliver, Windows Phone is indeed supported. Robocat just won't make a native app for Thermodo, but that doesn't keep other developers for giving it a try. I've got a feeling they're not gonna be supporting Windows Phone :/ Some project creators never update I have got one that hasn't done a update in two months. How long does it take them to do a update? you make it sound like every day takes days away from the project. seems to me they are making good progress. I like updates myself. 3,7K to go... I've got a good feeling about this ;) Will the green Thermodo be made from regular aluminium or anodised aluminium? I assumed anodised since it's on the same tier level as premium, but the stretch goal doesn't explicitly say this. @Darrell Or the constant updates and reminders help them increase the pledges. Come on guys, I really want the Green Thermodo! Let's up some backings!!! @Darrel Just for a laugh, they might ship yours last... @Darrel. Product, software, and SDK is still in development. Also, by getting 8x what they asked for, they also need to produce 8x more Thermodo. Not necessary an easy task. If the August delivery is respected, I will be happy. If sooner, I will be happier, and very surprise. Seems that there is a lot of time and resources spent on very frequent email updates. I would think that time, money and effort could be spent better elsewhere. An update every few weeks AFTER receiving the funds should be sufficient. By receiving almost 10 times the original goal from almost 8000 backers, I would think you would be able to ship considerably earlier than projected. Just sayin'... I give Robcat two thumbs up for brilliant innovation and creativity. But why stop with temperature? Add atmospheric pressure and possibly humidity. But I'm sure you've thought of that already, brilliant folks that you are. Hello, I need to know the temperature of vaccines during a journey, Thermodo will send data to an private Server. ?? A rough estimate of the response times would interest me too (from being a physics student i know how awkward it is to determine reaction times on this kind of measurements but id like to know if were talking about 1 min or 5 min or maybe even just seconds.) Id also like to know what would prevent it from measuring fluids (from the pictures im seeing so far they look pretty waterproof) Is it just because the contacts mustn't get wet or is there some inherent obstacle to do this? Just raised my pledge, because I want green and red! My question was if it is possible to have two classic thermodos by doubling the pledge (as i did). But you've already answered it to Robert Readinger. Thanks anyway :) How about an option to pledge for two aluminum ones? Is it still possible to pledge for multiple thermodos? I pledged for two black/white thermodos, but if it's not possible i will upgrade my pledge to thermodo set right away. Have you got any renders of the green version, if it reaches $300,000? Threaded would be great IMHO, I can see it coming off the keychain bit and getting lost far too easily. One thing I thought would be nice was if the Thermodo was threaded so the sensor doesn't accidentally get lost from my key chain. Nothing major just so when I put it away I can make sure it's secure. Also during activities it doesn't accidentally get lost. just a thought I am wondering that Thermodo will work with my iphone 5 case (Rokform Rokshield V3)?? So close to the end. decided to upgrade to anodized. So will this not work with my Nokia 920 at all? If so I may have to pull my backing. So close to unlock the Kickstarter green edition. Let's do it!! @Hepburn3D Great idea, a companion app with levelling system just like Waze app for navigation... That would be awesome!!! I know materials, thermal paste, etc. have not been finalized, but what kind of "reaction" time do you expect (time to read a temperature with something like a 10C difference - say going from inside to outside to read a temp)? Will it be a few seconds, 10's of seconds, or minutes? Its probably not possible at this point but what about adding a dummy plug on the other end to plug the wind meter kickstarter vavuud into it so you can measure wind and temp, with the build in barometer in some phones you would have a mini weather station... Also changed my pledge to anodized, i'm waiting for the green thermodo @Robocat or even better link it in with your Haze app idea of unlocking themes for submissions. I love that. That would be cool. Hit level 10 and unlock the Global Submitter theme. That may open you up to trolls trying to get the theme but I'd enjoy that. I personally think you won't have to worry about ilegitimate readings. To go out and get the Thermodo AND the app you would have to be in a right mood to irritate others :p if you do the haze theme unlock for submissions I would be well phyc'd. Ok I'll stop posting now. Got carried away @Robocat also you don't need to really give a reward. Leveling up has a weird psychology of feeling like a reward. I'm a level 10 psn user and though that just proves nothing it makes me feel good :D @Robocat I'd suggest giving the user an incentive to submit a valid reading i.e. 1. Read Temperature 2. Click submit to global temp web 3. Option pop up: Are you inside or outside? 3.a. Indoor. Tag where you are? (Use fb/google check in for a list of places) 3.b Outdoor. GPS tag location 4. Reward user for adding data in a leveling system ( Level 5 is more trusted say) This would let you vet data and view all readings on a map, hit a filter and view only level 3 or above readings. You're less likely to have a long term troll who would constantly add incorrect readings. Or you could ask to use camera with temperature readings so others could check the person is actually outside or inside. Would increase their level score. Think I've massively over thought it but start with the zealous and come back down to reality. I agree with Orlando. I would like to see aluminum version in different colors as well. That will be cool. If we don't reach the $500K in the next 6 days, will there be any possibility of making the aluminum version in different colors like the black,white and red besides the anodized one ??. Since August is the estimated delivery date, I'm getting the Thermodo Set. I'll keep the premium Thermodo (hopefully green) for myself and saving the normal Thermodo (Red) to give as a Christmas gift. The person who gives me the best gift will get the Thermodo in return! :) Upped my pledge for the green one also. Shared Thermodo on FB as well to try and dread the word. I upped my pledge to help to reach 300K goal ;) I really want a green thermodo... ;))) As far as app integration, how about SmartThings or LIFX? I found this for Arduino: <url>"trusting the humans" might be the most accurate way of compiling "the global data". @Robocat Im a meteorologist and think you really shouldn't base forecasted temperatures as an effective way to weed out the inaccurate data. Forecast models and us humans can and will bust on a forecast and be off by 10 or more degrees. And many people live in microclimates that can have a widely varied temperature from the rest of the area. I hope you would consult with a meteorologist on how to best implement your algorithm. I know it can be done but it needs to be done properly. @Robocat I'm new to kickstarter and your the first I have backed. I have a question... Since this campaign is over in 10 days and shipment of the Thermodos is estimated in August, will you keep us updated about this project through kickstarter or emails? Also, these surveys that you have mentioned quite frequently, how are they sent? Through kickstarter? Global network - definitely! Force to put inside or outside - even if some do it wrong, it will be easy to spot from those who do it properly! That is so powerful! Good luck....... weather social network is great but how to prove that they are measuring outdoor temperature,someone may just put the phone in the bathroom or near the fire. Agree with Robert, weather social network is such a great idea! And I also hope we will reach $300k, because I really want the green one! Sang...that is a very cool idea. A network of Thermodo's across the globe!! I just backed at $119, but will be out if the Windows Phone goal isn't reached, as it will be useless to me... That goal does seem a little high... Aw, damnit. I want the green, but I demand plastic... How about ad-free Thermo app for backers @Sean (and others with cases) your case manufacturer may offer some sort of adapter or extender specifically for your case. I know LifeProof has one specific for their case here: <url>"screw-on" for better storage and it would give you the gap you need to fit in with a case. Just my 2¢. The latest update mentioned a use case for interior designer ... Can anyone expand on this? You can build a social weather network. How about incorporating various readings around the world for a more local weather map. I live in San Francisco where the temperature can various greatly from spot to spot. I imagine this could be done through your iOS/Android app to allow upload of temperature readings and build a heat map based on the crowd sourced readings. The second idea could be to communicate with nest or other smart termostats to have user preferred settings as different users enter the room or house. You can input preferred temperatures for each user and set the thermostat based on preferences. I could imagine to use the Thermodo to control the temperature in my terrariums..... Hello, I’m a current backer for one of the anodized aluminum Thermodo. What would make me buy a lot more and would be useful to a lot of people is if the thermos was plugged in to a iPod Touch or another iPhone and I could check the Temperature from another iPnone/iPad via your app. Just over local WIFI would work. A lot of people use old iPhones or iPod touches to play music in their kids/infants rooms. Being able to check the temp of the room versus having to buy weather station would be very valuable and a huge market for you guys. plus so many people have multiple iOS devices leaving one out on a screened in porch would make a great and cheap weather station for an old iOS device. Do you think this would be possible at all to create? And do you have any interest in creating one? it’s the only reason I would significantly increase my order. Will it work with a headphone extension cable? This would be helpful to be able to do a limited reach remote sensing. What would be real cool would be to add a laser thermometer so you can test the temperature of refrigerators, food, etc. have it part of the app to choose the laser or the reg temp, not only taking the temp but through the app turn the laser on and get a more accurate temp of certain things. Just a thought, had the idea when I read your last post. My comment kind of got buried... any chance of seeing the artist render of the green Thermodo? I want to ask to be able to use a sensor to measure the temperature of the human body? Upped my pledge from the $25 tier to the $39 teir - the green Al KS SE chinch it for me, hoping we hit the $300K stretch goal :) On iOs, do we have to leave the app on the foreground to let it work or will you implement multitasking ? Yes, I would like the red one! How can I change my order !?? I'm pledging for a RED and a GREEN one :-) I want to second the opinion of David. I would love a way to dangle a device from a wire into a liquid. I could hook it to a iPod touch and track my fermenting beer temperature. Then I could make a controller to manage the desired fermentation temp profile. Never mind, helps if i read all the FAQ's Do you have a working prototype yet. I was curious if you expect it to still work with a case on the phone. I have the otterbox commuter case and sometimes some audio cables wont plug in due to the case. Just curious if you have tried it out yet. Thanks If there was some sort of way we could extend it so we could use it to check liquid temp safely it would be truly awesome. Even if I had buy a extra piece. I love to check say beer temp or coffee temp! I'm very happy with the new RED option as a choice!! @Dennis, When the campaign is over we'll all get a survey, those with a colour choice will get to pick then. How can you switch the selection from $25 black to the RED now that the goal is achieved !!' strange question, but will this be water proof? Im asking due to the fact that it would be amazing if i could take the temp of the water. Any chance of getting to see a 3D render of the Green Thermodo? what is the quality difference between the plastic and aluminum in terms of accuracy of the readings? I notice this looks like it will not fit in any iPhone with a case on it. Square had this problem on their 1st model. It was quickly changed AFTER it shipped out. Will they fix this before or after? I am getting a RED one, woohoo! Red time ;) We have reached the red THERMODO!!!!! I really want the green though!!!! Wow! That was a quick response time! Thanks If the retail price is significantly more and people knew, it might entice many to give more $$ now. @Robocat Have you guys given any thought on how much these will retail after this kickstarter campaign? Why hasn't anyone done this before?? Great work!!! and Congrats! Nearly to red!!!! Cancel that! :-) Go for the 300K, Kickstarter Green edition. Almost 250K :-) If I want two anodized aluminum Thermodos, what should I do? Select $39 pledges and pay $78? Is that works? Very neat product idea! It would be nice if the app could show both Fahrenheit & Celsius simultaneously. To get a real feel for the two scales without the need of a formula...or switching back & forth. I think you will be getting a number of people who want multiples (like me).... thanks for being flexible and accommodating us. I think, ita Possible to "sell" One Thermodo with Keyring and one Termodo without Keyring are different Things, or not? And then you can add a "Gift" to this Set ;p Heads up! We liked your project so much we are inviting you to our FB fan page just for Kickstarter Projects. <url>"You can add more to the pledge. We will send you a survey where you can specify which one you want and how many.") I just wanted to double-check that this is acceptable according to Kickstarter's rules so I don't get burned. Wanting to get one for myself and one as a gift. Thanks! Check out a new project - logger for temp, humidity and shock! <url>£ and allow shipping to the UK at no charge (take a look at the Vaavud wireless wind speed meter), I've already pledged with the extra $10 to ship to the UK just thinking to get more people from the UK on board to push the pledge even higher maybe implement this if it is now available? I pledged $55 at the moment - can I add $25 for receiving a second Thermodo? As you said, we can select it in the end survey. :) If the pledge does reach $500k, and the red, black and white Thermodos become aluminum, how will the finish on those differ from the Premium anodized Thermodo? Thanks! Imagine a whole range of individual, miniature key ring sensors in your pocket: Alcometer, CO2 / CO level detectors (figarosensor.com have some nifty components), or maybe a bespoke microphone for noise level measurements 40k more and I'm choosing a red one! Please, Please, Please What about Windows Phones? Two aluminum Thermodos me. Doubled my pledge when I found out about it. One for my self and as birthday gift B-) Really looking forward to getting my two aluminum Thermodos. I just doubled my pledge as you said we could in your post 7 days ago. Bali looked beautiful. Hope to get there sometime. Does it work on Windows 8 or any microsoft os? It is really a bit high for the $10 shipping, which is paying 40% more of the original $25 pledge I know that there will be a android app, but will there be any android SDK release the same time? Great project guys! I'd love to see a 2 Thermodo pledge level, or simply an option to add another one later. Also, since you're based in Copenhagen, why do I have to pay $10 for shipping outside the US? Germany is right next door to Denmark... I'd really love one of these, but I feel $35 might be a bit lot for me, so I'll stick with simply supporting you guys. I wish you all the best. Video from Bali... Somebody has money to burn!!!! You sure you need mine? I don't think it will work on a standard extension cord, but it might work with a cord that also delivers the microphone connection, like this: <url>~$2 each that I hope will do fine. Is there a threaded section to keep it secure in keyring or is it a snug fit? @Robocat Thanks for being thorough and timely with your responses! Nice work. Consider a slight redesign to accommodate cases. Super! Before I go to sleep I would like to see it $100'000 ;-) I agree with the comments about adding a little step between the jack and the body of the Thermodo so that it will work with a case on the phone. That would make it more likely to be used regularly as people wouldn't have to remove or peel back their case in order to fit Thermodo into their jack socket. @Brandon Abelleira I was pondering the very same thing. I would really like to know what the response time is for the plastic and aluminum (degrees change/minute for an immediate delta ambient temperature change). The thermometer will be on my key ring and will be placed in my pocket for extended periods of time, potentially several hours. While in my pocket, the warmth of my leg will warm up the aluminum (plastic for most backers). Will this conduction of heat give false reading of the ambient air temperature? Maybe for a short period of time? If so, would the aluminum provide a quicker accurate reading because aluminum is a better heat conductor compared to plastic? @Robocat: Ok, cool, so in case I want three white Thermodos I only have to triple the amount ($75)? Man, Robocat, why can I still don't pledge for more than one Thermodo? I don't need no tees or other fancy items you will add. You want my money? I'll give it to you! But only for more Thermodos. I have noticed a few comments about how it works with a case. I would like to throw my two cents in here and state that as a person who never takes mine out of a case it would be nice if there was a bit of a step between the end of the metal jack and the beginning of the bottom of the sensor. Not much is needed to clear over 90% of the normal sized cases (I use the Incase Slider). As the sensor is already going to stick out from the bottom of the phone while in place it would not be a big issue to be maybe an 1/8 of an inch longer. This might also help with its' compatibility with other phones or devices down the road. What if we pledged for an anodized and you reach 500k? Do we get anything special? But weren't you going to anyway? @Robocat Here is a suggestion. We will make a companion app for Thermodo on Android. This will compliment the already supported Thermo app for Android. That is just a quick idea for better phrasing. I am sure there is even better ways. I appreciate the fast responses you are giving to the concerns, thanks very much. Remote = Remove :) Change the stretch goal graphic. At 125k it says: "We'll also make Thermo for Android support Thermodo". But as you just said, it's already supported and with that phrase, you make it sound like we need to hit 125k, before it will be supported. Remote the developers yada yada sales talk. Be more precise and explain what people are getting at 125k, which is a companion app. Then explain what a companion app is. "Is this not clear enough?" I guess not as everyone has the same question !!! Whats a companion app?? I have no idea what thatis, I am just a simple backer. Please explain. Read somewhere that there are really more Android users than iOS. It just seems the other way round 'cause they usually measure it company Vs. company, e.g. Apple Vs. Samsung. But There are many, many companies out there who develop phones/tablets/other that all run on android. Combine them all together & it's more than iOS numbers. I saw update two. I am an Android user, and I assumed there would be an app made for it. It's right on the front page that Android would be supported. I'm let down that it's a stretch goal. @Robocat I thought it was clear to, until you posted your stretch goals. This is a direct quote from your extremely high first goal of 125K. “While we eventually hope talented developers will bring Thermodo support to all platforms, we’ll give Android a push. If we reach 125K we’ll make the Thermodo companion app natively for Android. We’ll also make Thermo for Android support Thermodo.” Please note the very last line that talks about making Thermo support Thermodo if you reach the 125K goal. I am starting to get a really bad feeling about this project and the leadership. Didn't watch the video since I typically expect the text to reiterate anything in the video. If I'd realized that Android would be given backseat priority (making it a 'stretch goal') I might not have backed in the first place. I'm reasonably sure that the goal will be reached but I don't think it should be necessary. Too many projects are making the mistake of underestimating the need for Android support. What would this "companion" app do then? @Robocat When the SDK is made publicly available in August, will I have to pay to gain access? New goals are big time weak. No way should a minor colour change be 7x the original goal. Come on guys. From the update - "How does an official Thermodo app for Android sound?" - Since the description already says Android, what was it going to be? Congratulations on meeting the goal so quickly. I have to say that I am very disappointed in the stretch goals and the lack of Android support from the start. It is not mentioned anywhere that the original Thermo app for Android would not receive the support from you. For you to set the 1st stretch goal of supporting Android at over 3 times the original amount is very unimpressive. Very disappointed! Hello guys Just wondering why such a high shipping fee out of the US.....and for such a small product as well expessially as your in copohagan which is closer to the uk than the us is @Jeremy, so we needs to wait developer survey for multiple qty or pledge extra to secure wanted qty? I want Humidity meter too. think about it. good job. Bravo Michael and team! Love this! Can't believe some of the people on here commenting. "I want this, I want that" Chill out people. This is their first Kickstarter project. It has exploded. I'm confident the Robocat team will answer all your questions in a update and will do everything they can to ensure this product only gets better as their funding is sky rocketing. Patience can be rewarding. Great project. It would be great if a relative humidity sensor could be added to the thermometer. That and the open SDK you guys plan to provide, would open the door to multiple applications for professional use of this little tool. The same rules apply to design projects RE: Mutiple Rewards: For all of those asking about pledging double to receive more than one reward; it is against kickstarter rules for tech projects to offer multiples of the same reward (example: a pledge level of $10 for one and a pledge level of $20 for 2) unless the items need to be sold as a pair or pack. Usually most project will allow for the addition of additional items once a project has ended and surveys have been sent to backers. The same is true for color. Your color choice is selected once the surveys are sent out. I really like what you're doing. I echo a previous post suggesting the next generation be able to measure air quality. About colours: 1) Are you planning on making Thermodo in other colours? Maybe a kickstarter green edition. And on the opposite side from where you engraved Thermodo, have 'KS Ed.' or something? 2) With the anodized aluminum version, is the anodizing just done in gray or are you doing other colours? Great project. Have you thought of producing a Chefs or Meat thermometer ? A probe with a length of heat resistant cable that plugs into your smart phone. I would also like to know whether it will still fit if the iPhone has a case :) A good stretch goal would be to add relative humidity or barometric sensors. 3. Another stretch goal suggestion: somehow make it compatible for liquid and food (e.g.) meat thermometer. That'd be awesome! A few questions. I hope you get time to reply since this has exploded! 1. Since you are from Denmark, I assume you are no strangers to < -20 degree temperatures, something fairly frequent here in Canada. Can you upgrade to a better temperature sensor as a stretch goal that goes to -50 degrees Celcius? 2. In terms of durability, is the anodized aluminium one going to be stronger? Since this is using a standard stereo headphone jack, is it safe to assume we can use a headphone extension cable to extend the reach of the sensor? More specifically, if we can, a stretch goal (or additional reward) could be a custom extension which had a waterproof seal for the headphone plug so we could measure water temps, outdoor temps, and possibly have a wider temp range for cooking, etc. Congrats on hitting the goal so quick! Would love to see air quality such as pollution and pollen. I just made a pledge for a thermodo. Missed where I could indicate color. I would like to order black if you can add that to my order. I think it would be great if this was "Traceable" in terms of Quality Assurance. That would open up a lot of possibilities that could allow this cool device to work its way into the scientific market. Also, If you get bored, having this store temp readings (every five minutes or so for ~24 hours) when not connected to the phone. 1. Congrats for reaching the goal so fast! 2. Please add an option where I can pledge two or more Thermodos. Thanks! Does it work with a case? How much of a gap does it have with or without a case? A cool stretch goal would be to make the coupler expandable for things such as meat thermometers, etc. But I realize this would also take more work with the range of the current thermometer. As a few others have mentioned, I sure hope there's an Android app available at delivery time since it was mentioned on the front page and that was one of the reasons I backed the project. Maybe you could make a new option, to order more than one? I would love to have more for my family and friends? Keep up the amazing work guys ... :-) Can you back multiple rewards? i.e. say I am backing the premium aluminum model at $39 - can I double up and pay $78 for two? As David Ellis Said: 1) What is the accuracy of the sensor? I'm sure it will be accurate enough for most of us but would be useful to know 2) How quickly does the sensor take to settle at the correct temperature? 3) How much of a drain on my phone's battery will the device be? 4) Which are the "Working condition"? Awesome product. I would love to see a humidity meter incorporated into it, i do alot of outside quality control work and being able to calculate relative humidity and dew point on the spot with the phone i already have in my pocket would be a huge benefit. If that gets added i will be buying several, for the whole QC team. this is awesome and i backed it, seeing as you hit your target and are looking at strech goals, why not offer different colors, i would gladly switch mine from black to red given the option. This device is a great idea and its fully funded on the first day so lots of other people must be thinking the same! The reason i've backed it is because my wife loves knowing exactly what the temperature is all the time, so when I get this I'll be able to tell her :) However, there are a few details that I'd like to know about: What is the accuracy of the sensor? I'm sure it will be accurate enough for most of us but would be useful to know How quickly does the sensor take to settle at the correct temperature? I have a watch that has a temp sensor that takes up to 15 mins to get to the correct ambient temp if going between extremes of temp (partly why I'm backing this project as I'm hoping it will be quicker to show the correct temp than my watch) How much of a drain on my phone's battery will the device be? I might sometimes want to keep it plugged in for a while to get a temp trend, but wouldn't want to do this if the device drains a lot of power. I'm hoping that these questions will get answered at some point, but I'm still happy to back this project - unless of course it turns out to be wildly inaccurate and drain my phones battery too much :) For those asking about shipping, it looks like the FAQ on the project home page has been updated to answer your question. Does seem a bit odd though as the project info says that for up to 1500 devices they will be testing the devices from their HQ, so I guess they must have a US office as well. But it looks like they're definitely going to be making more than 1500 so would be interesting to know where they will end up being tested. GOAL!!! #thermodo Instagram You guys are awesome - rockstar material ;-) how much gap will it have to fit an iPhone with a case ? I'm not sure what the policy and the norms are on Kickstarter but I have read a few commenters saying that it is not clear whether or not Thermodo will be usable for Android users "out of the box" and without any help from third party developers. I think I saw an answer to this question in the video on the project page and I wanted to share this with the commenters. Two minutes and 25 seconds into the video a Thermodo is seen plugged into an Android device running the Thermo app for Android. I think this implies that Thermo is Thermodo-ready. Screenshot from the video: <url>« out of the US shipping » for your European fellows (maybe a kickstarter limitation?)… anyway, I'm looking forward to receive mine! Not sure why its $10 more to ship outside of the US considering you're not in the US either. Are you manufacturing there and shipping direct from them? (Doesn't sound like it as you intend to personally test 1500 of them). I backed anyway. But still- a little miffed about shipping. Next sensors, humidity and pressure. This is so cool! Can't wait to get it! For version 2.0, would you think about integrating a humidity reading as well? That would be even more awesome! You're in Denmark, I'm in Sweden. Why do I have to pay $10 to ship outside the US? This is a neat little gadget with a lot of potential. Just a thought: I think it's a bit of a shame that you limit the potential of your idea to this particular working environment. So, I can check how warm or cold it is in my immediate surrounding, meh. But Imagine the possibilities if you could use this as a body thermometer or a cooking thermometer! I second the question about shipping. If you're based in Denmark I don't understand why you're asking for an extra $10 outside the US. i am located out of US, and i want to have 2. is it possible to combine pledge, so that i can save the US$ 10? Such an awesome little gadget I'm backing for one even though I don't have an iPhone. Pleeeeaase create an Android app? Pretty please, with cherries and ice cream & sprinkles? Are the Thermodo shipped from the US or...? ( do i really have to pay 10$ for shipping as I'm located in Denmark like you... )