We have been updating our forums. Please surf by. <url>"survey" (which is how a Kickstarter project communicates with its supporters) to gather the info we need to set up the accounts. It will go out today or early tomorrow. @Reynaldo Gaylan - our goal is for a V1.0 release at the end of May.More information will be posted on the support forums on our website. An alpha release is available now with beta releases to follow in 2-3 weeks. @Nikki - thanks for your support. 802.11ac is much faster than any previous wireless techniques. And Droidifi quite a departure from web based GUIs. We will support the Asus RT-AC66U, Linksys EA6500, and the Netgear R6300 initially. Support for other hardware will follow. We have a FAQ here on our Kickstarter page or on our website at <url>"...the router is going to become the residential core..." Yes. You definitely get where we are going with this! Thanks for your support. Higher pledge level means we can quit our day jobs sooner and do this full time. Means more features and hardware support for you guys! The firmware is free, so you can upgrade to new versions anytime. The beta will support the Asus RT-AC66U, Linksys EA6500, and Netgear R6300. We will add hardware support for other devices as development progresses. Yes. But a full Linux installation might make more sense. Android is designed for small devices that lack a keyboard and mouse. But, sure, we could port it to x86/Atom. Our goal with the basic firmware is to offer similar features to OEM firmware with no bugs and a much nicer GUI interface. 1. Does the router have to be used as the main router for the firewall features to work. No. You could create a double firewalled "sandbox" network by plugging the Internet port into the first network. We do this during development all the time. It can cause NAT issues with games but otherwise works quite well. 2. Similar question, same server, Can the firewall intercept/block local network traffic that has to pass through the router. The basic firewall that comes with the free version does not have all of the features the add-on firewall app does. It will provide solid, basic firewall protection similar to OEM firmware. The add-on app contains an SPI (stateful packet inspection) firewall where you can redirect or drop packets depending on fine-grained criteria like protocol (Skype, web, bittorrent, etc), source or desintation ip address, and many more. 1) which Features are part of the Firmware base packet without appstore? We are developing a set of apps we call "basic", which include the basic features in stock OEM firmware. The firmware will come with apps like "firewall basic", "LAN basic", "QoS basic", etc. built in. 2) which Features will be free to use without the 20$/yr subscription? The basic app set that is part of the firmware build. 3) what happens if you buy a Feature=app via the appstore and then you end the subscription of the appstore? will you still be able to use the baught Features? Once you have installed an app on your router it will continue to run whether you are subscribed or not. 4) wouldnt it also be a feasible model to offer the appstore Access for free and Charge yearly fees for specific Features? Sure.. Our model is that our own apps are free once you have access to the app store. We also provide a support forum. App developers can offer their own apps for free or for an extra fee. If you want to sideload apps you can do so independent of our app store. The remote GUI is actually loaded via a web page, so we have a running web server on the router. We have discussed augmenting it as an auxiliary interface for basic admin tasks. We currently use it for two tasks: to access the GUI or to to reflash the router to stock firmware. The EA4500 would be a nice router to support. It has the same RAM and flash as the R6300. and a Marvell ARM 1.2 GHz CPU. We are currently focused on 802.11ac. Once we are moving forward with these routers, we will take a look at older devices. We are mainly focused on 802.11ac routers, which are in the $150-$200 range currently. We expect prices to follow the normal tech curve. Hopefully they will be sub $100 shortly.. Yes. The partner level becomes part of our inner development circle and receives the same development platform as a primary developer. As a partner you will drive the firmware features and apps. Apologies if that was not clear. The N600 has just 16MB of flash storage so it is unlikely. We may look at releasing a headless (i.e. no GUI) version for legacy devices like the N600 once the core firmware is finished. Of course! You can reflash stock firmware at any time. Hi Barry - 1) It is pretty much a pure Android business model. We think *you* should decide what features you want and not have to install a kitchen-sink one-size-fits-all firmware :-) 2) * cough* mumble canttalkaboutit mumble *cough* 3) We are shooting for a beta release sometime during the Kickstarter campaign Hi Barry - Q. How do you connect the framebuffer to the remote screen? A. We have written a custom Linux framebuffer driver. Q. Will you support VNC? A. Yes, you can connect using any VNC client. We include one that runs under HTML5 and is accessed via the on-board web server. Q. What DLNA (media) server will you use? A. We haven't created the final build and are looking at several DLNA media streaming servers. We imagine that several DLNA servers will be offered as add-on apps. You can pick and install your favorite. Q. Can one use another bootloader? A. Yes. Our test builds use the default CFE bootloader, but it has several disadvantages. The final release will chain CFE to Qi or a custom bootloader to decreases boot time from 30 seconds (or more) to under 5 seconds. Q. Will you support cramfs or squashfs? A. We use squashfs with LZMA compression. We overlay this with UBIfs and aufs to create a writable file system from the readonly squashfs boot. Q. Will you support the latest 4G modems? A. Of course! Q. Will the firmware be open source? A. Once the business model is self-sustaining our goal is to create a sub-project of the Android AOSP project. Droidifi will be Android AOSP with support and tuning for Wifi routers. We would like to add support for cable/DSL modems and other networking boxen as the project grows. Android is uniquely suited to embedded devices. In order to conserve battery life on phones, Android basically sleeps when the UI is not in use. On embedded devices this means that nearly the full CPU is available for network tasks when the UI is not active. Fuckin scam artist. Took my money did not produce shit. Fuckin SHITHEADS! Any news????? Any news ? Nope, no reply from the project people NOR Kickstarter. We all got taken for a ride..... Brian, Mohammed et al, did you guys any response from KS on the ripoff ? The droidifi web page is "under construction" but still has a physical address! Anyone in Boston can swing buy to see if this the address is real ? Im pissed that KS has done nothing and this page is still up as a successfully funded project! I just used the link to provide kickstarter feedback on this ripoff 'project'. For anyone who is checking this page please fill out the form here <url>"Is a creator legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project? Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. (This is what creators see before they launch. <url>" Looks like legal actions may be the way to go...Anyone know of a lawyer who would take this up? Nope! Been 3 weeks since requesting a refund, and even a response. Seems we all got taken, and Kickstarter was the method used to rob us..... Trying that myself. I'll see if I am as lucky as you. yes. asked for it via email and kickstarter. sorry for the late reply :-) @disorganizer - how did you get your refund? did you just ask for it? UPDATE: problem solved with refund. UPDATE: still no access to the forum for no reason. still no answer to any inquiry (via website or kickstarter) no reward, no explanation, no status reports. this is not how a kickstarter project should work (read the accountability part of the tou of kickstarter) and projects like these damage the reputation of kickstarter. sorry, from previous post delete kickstarter and replace with droidifi :-) as kickstarter is blocking access for me as funder to their forum because i reminded them of the tos i now need to post a comment here. there is nothing there. no reaction to information requests. nothing. at least a weekly update on the progress would have been sufficient... but nothing. i doubt that this project will ever see the light of the sun. WTF!!!!!!! A more recent update would be much appreciated. It looks like the last one was over four months ago. Four months of silence is simply unacceptable when you have over $9,000 of your supporters money with nothing to show for it. Yeah, guess we all got ripped off! The website forums are locked. The promised beta never occurred. No information was ever provided other than "still waiting in drivers". A neat idea that was totally mismanaged I guess. while i do know that kickstarter does not provide a product that is ready to sell, i am kinda annoyed with the dealy in delivery with droidify. what i am even more annoyed with is the lack of information provided about tthe delay. yes you are waiting on drivers. that was over a month ago. when are you expecting the drivers? what is your schedule? why do you even need the drivers right now if the routers they are designed for arent even on the market? i am 100% ready to accept delays, as long as you tell me why and when i can expect delivery When will we be able to get the beta firmware? and how will we receive it? will a copy be mailed to us or do we have to download it? @Droidifi - Can you include the date of each post on the support forum? status of the project now? My bad. I don't think my pledge level receives access to the support form. Cheers! @Droidifi, I have not received any account information nor can recover my username/password with my email address. Can you help me please? Whens the BETA release? Anything happening with the forum account setup? I haven't seen anything as of yet. Any progress? What kind of technical skill? I've got serial console to the device via header on the board (that isn't accurately documented online). I've also tweaked and flashed firmware to this device from CFE. Not quite a beginner to this. ;) Are we able to participate in the alpha at all? As my hardware isn't listed as supported, I'd need to use a serial cable anyway, but I'm ok with that. :) The base hardware is identical to the ASUS so I think it'd be worthwhile to try. (Buffalo WZR-D1800H) @Droidifi: Congrats on over tripling target. Did you say we didn't need the cable for the beta? not sure where i heard it or am I getting mixed up with another project. (tried searching comments and home, could of been the interview but havn't re-watched it) Thinking of ordering a router this week before the beta is released (which should be soon if final is targeted at May) Are the main 3 routers about the same performance in current alpha tests? will the backers get Access to the Support Forum and when will the necessary account data be sent out? at the Moment you Need to buy a subscription to Access the Forum, if i read it correctly :-) So is that estimated may delivery for the final firmware or the beta? Crap, I guess I should have asked sooner, now I just wasted $20, oh well my bad Alright did a little reading so is it routers that support IEEE 802.11ac will work with your software or do they need specific chip sets as well? Congrats on the funding. Could you post a list of routers that your software will work with? If you already have,, I apologize for not looking harder. Which router will be used (and sent to) Primary Development? I realize this sounds a bit ignorant but do you support the D-Link DIR-615? @Droidifi, Will your firmware will be high performance in terms of load handling and throughput? Will the Cisco/Linksys E4200 be supported as well? Another quick question: Will the "media server app" be able to use "itunes home shareing" for the pupose of natively supporting my AppleTV. Preferably allowing the source to be on a public network share rather then directly connected with a usb drive. OR will I have to wait for a 3rd party app for this. Looking forward to it either way. They look to be almost identical from a chipset perspective. <url>"eco-dect" which only turns on wlan with full power if devices are disvoered) :-) persuaded and pledge raised :-) nevertheless, what are you going to do with the excess Money you get from the Kickstarter campaign? up to now you are already at 3 times the Money you needed initialy :-) one more on the go: Will the beta release only cover the asus router or also the linksys ea6500? Next question: Will Access to future Firmware updates be free even without buying the subscription to the appstore? Or will we Need to subscribe to the appstore to get new base-firmware Features? I meant atom/x86. I keep typing it wrong. @Droidifi - I agree with you on running a full Linux distro. I currently have a EA4500 behind a pfsense running on laptop. I thought I will run Droidifi fw on a laptop until EA4500 is supported. Will the atom/i86 port be available at launch? Can Droidifi fw be ported to atom/i386? So that we can run this from a netbook or an old laptop/desktop pc. next question, comparing to the original Firmware of a EA6500: in the original Firmware of the linksys ea6500 there are several Features missing. one example is the inability to assign dns names to non-dhcp ip adresses will the new base Firmware fix These issues? or will it just mimic the original Firmware? hopefuly the new Firmware will be more like openwrt than the original Firmware :-) hey, just a couple questions (sorry if already answered/ a stupid question/ too early to tell) 1. Does the router have to be used as the main router for the firewall features to work. I ask cause I would like to if possible, use it as a firewall router between my home server and the rest of my network. (using basic firewall rules) eg. in the senario of: (useing 1st listed router for ip allocation) internet -> router -> router -> Droidifi Router -> Server and/or sandboxed test system. Can I creating rules to block both incoming/ outgoing traffic to specific web ip ranges or ports. 2. Similar question, same server, Can the firewall intercept/block local network traffic that has to pass through the router. eg. only allow traffic to/from the internet gateway ip (lets say 192.168.178.1) and ranges 192.168.178.50-192.168.178.75). cheers and sorry for the long question. Was abit too tired to shorten it while still making sense (well making sense to me) Just some easy questions: 1) which Features are part of the Firmware base packet without appstore? 2) which Features will be free to use without the 20$/yr subscription? 3) what happens if you buy a Feature=app via the appstore and then you end the subscription of the appstore? will you still be able to use the baught Features? 4) wouldnt it also be a feasible model to offer the appstore Access for free and Charge yearly fees for specific Features? as you see maybe a bit more Explanation of the planned appstore Business model and the planned Features would be nice. @Droidifi: Will you guys have a traditional Web interface as well? Or will the interface be the noVNC/framebuffer only? How about Linksys EA4500? Will this router be supported? I'm looking at this as a future investment for when I need a new router. Nice to see there will be more interesting/advanced options when it comes to router customization. I imagine there will be a roll back option if we change our mind. well even if i can`t use it i`m happy to help kickstart something with this much potential You guys support any less expensive routers from linksys ? 1) Would the Partner tier get the same tools Primary developer got? 2) For Partner tier, how long is it for accessing firmware right? Thanks Any chance you`ll be supporting the belkin n600 ? Looks like a great idea, one (probably naive) question - I already use the Asus AC66U with stock firmware, if I load your firmware and subsequently want to go back to stock can this be done? @Droidifi: Thanks for the (very) quick reply! It looks like you guys are going with the DD-WRT business model (nothing wrong with that). Can't wait for May! Btw. Are you guys working with any of the Router manufacturers to have Droidifi ship on a device out of the box? Great job, once again. Glad to see that you are already successful. Any chance of stretch goals? @Droidifi: This is a great project! I have some questions regarding it. I see you mentioned that you are using a HTML5 based web interface to display the Android screen. How are you connecting the frambuffer to your webserver? Will you guys also be including Support for the VNC protocol to interact with the Android screen? Will you guys support DLNA at launch? If so, what DLNA daemon will you be adding to your firmware? Will you be adding support for Accessing media on your USB harddrive via DLNA? Would one need to change the bootloader for your firmware or would UBoot work fine? Will your firmware have support for cramfs or squashfs? What will be the default filesystem for root? How about support for the latest 4G modems? Will you guys be adding Support to upload new modeswitch scripts over USB MSD? Lastly, will you guys be making your firmware opensource so devs can customise the firmwares/port them to new hardware?