Working on the next lot, I'm working the list, so just be patient. If you want me to refund or sit there have a one on one love story in messages then let me know. Fixed! :) Everyone should now have received the surveys Thank you for the support guys! I still get haters, the report spam button doesn't do much :P Yup, just posted an update to let you know what's been going on. The Gaff Card designs was a bit lengthy but it was part of a reward, so it had to be done to perfection :) I will be posting an image of the mystery gift once it has arrived :D I'd rather not say, it'll be more cool to see rather than word it. ....and you're back. The project has never been and will never be in jeopardy. You're not part of this project, so why do you keep pledging £1 to comment then running away cancelling. You have told me over and over you don't like my designs, that is fine, not everyone will, but it doesn't mean everyone has to follow you. If you have already added £15 on from the "add-on section" for both decks, and you have added the multi-deck offer from my updates, you'll receive a "MYSTERY GIFT" If you haven't but wish to receive this "mystery gift", you must add £15 (for the 2 deck add-on) + Offer (£10 or £15 for the signed decks) Source: <url>"If you ride a bike to work, why hasn't everybody bought a bike and done it too?". Maybe because they don't want too? You don't have to print 2,500 of each colour. USPCC charge by design not colour. Backing a project is in a whole different world than actually creating a project. This is wrong again, you don't have to print 2,500 of each. In the words of Anamika (USPCC International Sales and Operations Manager), we charge based on design, not colour. It has been done, discussed and agreed between me and her. An Agreement has been set for these 2 designs. You can't just post and assume without actually knowing the facts. As I have said before, please just stop commenting. This is not the area to be bashing the project. Again, I will have to repeat myself. The 2 deck print is within the guidelines of having both printed with the same price, contact USPCC and find out yourself. Obviously you don't know, because they charge based on design not colour. (Fact you can add this to your so called knowledge). $16,000 - $20,000 for 5,000 decks? I'm sorry but you are wrong. I'm not going into detail here as the comment section is for backers to comment, not for you to bash and moan. So because it cost YOU this, it means it must cost me this too? If I had a broken leg, you must have a broken leg too, right? I don't mind backers giving "facts" but your facts are way off & I don't appreciate the loop hole of pledging £1 just to bash and spam. That is not how Kickstarter works, you are taking advantage of the system. Why pledge and write a nasty comment? First of all, please gather the facts first. I've heard you ambush alot of projects, just because you're bored. The 2 decks print is within the guidelines of having both printed with the same price, contact USPCC and find out yourself. As you have never dealt with them before, you shouldn't be jumping to conclusions. So seeing how your "buyers beware" wanring, how about not pledging £1 just so you can write negative comments. You had already spammed me stuff through messages, I get the hint, YOU DON'T like it. Shipping rates low? I don't think you even understand how it works. You only see other projects and guess how it should work, rather than actually looking, researching and knowing how much it'll cost and how to do it efficiently. Thank you for the amazing support! Good to see so many return :) Fingers crossed! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount As of 2018-05-05 I still have received nothing. No cards. No refund. Nothing. This project is obviously dead and I will just have to accept this as a loss. yup. this one never fulfilled. :/ Well, it seems obvious now (for a long time, actually) the fraud Liu is never giving our money back. I wonder if he ever refunded more than 10 people. Hope he'll get what's coming to him. @alex: I'm sceptical as well, even more so since he stopped refunding people apparently. Still, I just did what that woman asked, nothing more. She said they once worked together but not anymore. This guy isn't responding at all the messages? @ Randall I agree that dom studios as a company had nothing to do with this kickstarter their branding or name was never mentioned in the kickstarter campaign. I'm fairly certain Dom studios are being economical with the truth if they say they aren't connected to Dean in any way (assuming it is dom studios ltd of liverpool). 1. If you check companies house you can see that dom studios ltd of liverpool is 50% owned by founding director Dean Liu. 2. As I remember it the original link to Dom studios was found in the original Facebook account linked to this kickstarter (can anyone back this up?). 3. Click on Deans name above and look at the things he has backed, surprise surprise is that a Dom studios game he backed what a coincidence (one of only three games he has ever backed). Dean liu isn't a common a name in the UK and your trying to tell me there are two dean liu's in the same age group both in graphic design one of who backed the others kick starter and this is all coincidence? Sorry I don't buy that. Having said all that don't send threatening letters its the wrong way to go about these things (well I guess I'm OK with threatening legal action). Anyway if Dean continues to do the right thing and pays everyone back this whole thing should sort itself out. Hey everyone, I have received this message from someone at DOM studios (who apparently have nothing to do with Dean in any way), and they have asked me to post the message here: From DOM Studios - Dom studios is not affiliated with this project in any way. A threatening letter was sent to this address which is residential and were children live. So please do not involve DOM studios in the future. Thank you. Dean, you said you are going to refund me at the end of September but that was more than 2 weeks, and I don't see it. I message you and you don't reply. What you want me to do？ he aint doing nothing - have messaged him and he's not responding - if you contact credit card company they will open a fraud against him - he is responsible as the money went to him he did mention that he'll be refunding over the span of a few months, cause his partner took the money and ran, so he has to pay us back using his own salary.. haven't gotten any refunds either.. =_= Are refunds still happening or not? I still got nothing, and of course I didn't get a reply to both my messages. didn´t refund me after a fucking month now... Hi guys... just messaged Dean with my PayPal details and he refunded me... There is hope!! Dean has actually started issuing refunds. I sent him my paypal adress and he sent my money back :) @ Netanel Well in that case WE bought his gravestone, i guess... did he dies since tmhe was hospitalized? It is partly kickstarters fault for not having stringent enough regulations in place. Also they should do alot more to help funders get there funds back, so far we've hardly had any communication from them. Its like their not even acknowledging that its happend/ happens. They should require more from a project manager before they allow them to start a project, more proof like something signed and confirmed from uspcc may have avoided this, as i doubt he even approached them at all. If one person refuses to fund because dean didnt provide sufficient evidence its not gonna change much and it didnt (that guy tried to warn us aswell) but if kickstarter require more proof it could reduce this stuff from happening. I've noticed lots of comments here blaming Kickstarter, and I do feel that that is a little disingenuous, after all, it's not their fault and they do make terms of engagement clear. The issue is the rogue project creators, undertaking fraudulent transactions. It is illegal, but they are pretty much relying upon the "who can be bothered with all of the rigmarole over £45" attitude that most people will take when they fail to deliver. They forget that their personal information is out there on the internet and people WILL be able to find them. I'd suggest involving the police because they do take white collar crime very seriously here in the UK. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. I just got the exact same reply to my complaint to Kickstarter as Brandon did, word for word except for the names... So that's how genuine complaints are handled on Kickstarter? A copy/paste with no meaning? I truly feel like a number instead of a person now, a number who doesn't really matter to them. If I don't get my money back soon, I am done with Kickstarter as well... I am Done with Kickstarter Too They don't protect us I have had 4 projects burn me I used an American Express Card and they have refunded me 3 times on the projects that weren't too old. Good Luck & Good Buy Kickstarter. uggh - so done with anything on kickstarter now. There should be a boycott of kickstarter for allowing this kind of crap to keep happening. I'm Done! anyone who lives in the USA should file a complaint with the FTC and the Internet Crimes division of the FBI. The amount I pledged wasn't a huge amount and I can live with losing it but what does bug me is this thieving d-bag thinking he can get away with ripping people off with absolutely no recourse for his actions. The FTC recently slapped a lawsuit on some other project that failed to deliver. Quote from their director of consumer protection, “Many consumers enjoy the opportunity to take part in the development of a product or service through crowdfunding, and they generally know there’s some uncertainty involved in helping start something new, But consumers should able to trust their money will actually be spent on the project they funded.” <url>"@TeamDomStudios" on twitter, if, anyone is interested. haha bad news guys. he deactivated his facebook and twitter. It seems that he really doesnt want us to reach him... isotope, Dave Shacks, bring this guy down! I contacted Kickstarter and this is their reply: Hi Brandon, Thanks for reaching out and taking the time to bring this to our attention. We do our best to give project creators the freedom and support necessary to bring their new and exciting ideas to life. This often means that when projects launch on Kickstarter they’re in the early stages of development. While we encourage creators to communicate regularly through this process, it’s important to remember that each of them will approach this differently. In most cases, this may be the first time that a creator has the responsibility of communicating with a large support community. Still, we expect that creators will make every effort to complete their project as promised and keep backers updated along the way. We also hope that backers will remain understanding as everyone learns through this process. We’ve reached out to this creator and offered our assistance. Our goal is to open the lines of communication and encourage them to update more effectively moving forward. You should continue reaching out to them on your end as well. Through this joint effort, we’ll be reminding the creator to check in. Thanks for being a thoughtful backer and member of the Kickstarter community. I hope you hear more from the project creator soon. Best, Noah Just copy and paste this into google search with the quotes "Dean Liu" and "United kingdom" His gaming company name, address, business partner and info are there as PUBLIC information. This is definitely the guy. I checked out a cached version of his Kickstarter profile page from before he changed his info on it and it matches up. Unfortunately for Mr Dean Liu, the internet keeps records regardless of what he deletes or changes. Can we get this guy's real name, details, FB account ect or another update. Ill join in the witch hunt as for cards this is ridiculous. Ive been successfully all my kick-starters so far including some high teck startups. Happy to track this guy down in person if I have a little more to go on. <url>"I don´t give a sh**". I will definitly consider everything on kickstarter now more then 3 times befor I throw my money in this modern wishwell! lol what did alex strong say? So Kickstarter..... Instead of just deleting comments, how about telling the people that this **** has stollen almost £10000 from what you are actually doing to help rectify this? Or do you not actually give a shit? Would it not be right that you are acting as agents for the creators and therefore have some responsibility? Wait for it...... Delete! i see kickstarter is buisy removing comments... they should start to get serious. and make this happen anotherway, scams are not nice. i hope i drink him self todeath,, now remove this.! So I'm assuming we've lost our money, and banks/PayPal can do nothing to get it back. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. lol try tweeting him and he'll block you xD So can someone tell me how I can go about re-acquiring my money? If it's possible that is This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. By the way, I noticed his facebook account was "born" created on february 17th the date of his last update, so I'm truly pissed. Bye. Hi, I had high hopes a while back for this project and now I've come to see all these comments, which is a bit sad. This was my first project I backed on Kickstarter that ended up being successful, and now I've got to come to terms that I won't actually be receiving anything... .? As I am new to this, I'm not sure how the money works or what I should do at this point (I was expecting something to be mailed to me, womp womp) Should I contact Kickstarter? Should I try to get in contact with the creator? Should I contact my cc bank? How do I explain the situation so I will get my money back? I'm just really taken aback because I never thought this kind of thing could really happen, but I guess I was stupid for not knowing in the first place the risks of fraudulent projects existing. It makes me a bit hesitant to back any future projects Lol, leave and let die folks. Karma is a b*tch and it'll get to this thief. Can't believe you guys are complaining so much about a few shitty deck of cards. I backed this turd in sympathy (lesson learnt) - you should all be thankful since you could have lost a lot more. @Cardistry, I'm all for fighting, but per my experience it's a waste of time. Tell me what I'm doing wrong and keep us updated if you get traction with your plan and if/how you need us to get involved. @chris same for me, first one too, and after reading kickstarters terms and cons they don't seem to give a shit what happens. Won't be using kickstarter again as something like this is so easy to get away with and kickstarter just letting it happen, just glad it was a project i didn't pledge much on It's not so much the fact that I'm not getting the cards, it's more the fact that I know he hasn't spent the money on the project, he's just gone and used our money and got himself a nice new TV, phone, car etc "Can Kickstarter refund the money if a project is unable to fulfill? No. Kickstarter doesn't issue refunds, as transactions are between backers and the creator. In fact, Kickstarter never has the funds at all. When a project is successfully funded, money is transferred directly from backers' credit cards to the project creator's Amazon Payments account. It's up to the creator to issue a refund, which they can do through their Amazon Payments account. (Like PayPal, Amazon Payments allows refunds for 60 days from the date of charge. After 60 days, creators cannot reverse the same charge to backers' credit cards, so to issue refunds they'll need to initiate a new transaction to send money via Amazon Payments or PayPal, send backers a check, or use another method. Our support team has guided creators in how to issue refunds like these before.)" @Chris, there are a handful of playing cards creators that are decent so don't lose hope. but yea, for me, lesson learnt. will do a little bit more research about the creator before I back a project in the future >.> so this is the first project i backed and it's turned out to be a scam? This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. OMFG his last login was in on the 17th of Feb. What a shithead! Don't worry you can still sue him for the money back... happened before and will happen again.... We'll crap, I'm going to report this to my CC company tomorrow. Irks me to shit with people who lie and steal. I'd be ok with beating the money out of him if that were an option. At the end of the day it's plain and simple fraud. I'm sure the police would be interested about £9000 going missing. I will give him until the end of April just to be fair. I also notice that he waited until the 90 day paypal dispute window closed before doing a runner with our cash. Am i a sucker for still being hopeful? i did too Jason, i did too. and I backed him 3 times. makes me feel like a fool now. he changed the fb account that he links to KS already. it was originally one that's named "Dean Liu" and has 400+ friends. No, I defended him and backed him twice. But... There's just no updates. 4 friends on his fb acct? Bit even a 'hey backers, sorry the printer screwed up and I'll keep you posted?' Jason, yeah. joke's on us for believing in someone and trying to make his dream come true == what a xxx for taking advantage of people that believes in him. Sigh. Wasn't there someone on here back in September warning us that it seemed fishy with the costs and multi colors, etc? @Asher, i don't think so, if i remembered correctly, i sent him a couple of fb msgs on his real account that was still linked to his ks account just last month. Yeah, he has changed it since this project getting funded. Maybe he's afraid of tons of hate mail, so he made a "business" account. But yes, that does seem a bit suspicious. i noticed he has linked his Facebook to a fake account. his real account has 400+ friends, and is named only Dean Liu. He's ripped you all off and you are still all sitting there in hope that you'll get anything - he never created anything - just spent the cash - there is nothing in this project apart from a few computer generated images he created up front - there is recourse though..... Update or Riot and everyone thought i was harsh for stating my opinion a while back. sigh. i really do hope he pull through though, given we've all pledged to help make one's vision come through. It is part of the creators responsibility to fulfill the purpose of the campaign in some way shape or form. Kickstarter states that they can in no way help money wise, as it passes straight from us to them. Your credit card company may be able to help if you believe that it is fraudulent. I plan on giving him another month or so before taking any action. Can we contact Kickstarter regarding our situation as backers or will we pretty much just lose our money? The thing that concerns me most is the fact that he hardly ever checks Kickstarter. The last time he was on was when he posted the update, and hasn't been seen since. Why do you think there are no pictures of proofs etc - nothing was ever produced just the computer generated images up front to get the cash.... You won't get 'em, money was blown on something else a while back.....sorry when do you think we will get them already Jx I'm starting to side with you on this one...... considering the progress on this deck..... ergo, i still don't think my comments earlier are too harsh on him. ok, this is getting ridiculous and at this point you either have these cards or you don't. I understand you may have been sick, but that does not absolve you of the responsibility to update each and every one of your backers on the progress of this project. whether that news is good or bad. this may seem harsh but life and responsibilities don't stop because you're ill. Update.....!?! "The decks should arrive at the port soon, so I will soon have these in my hands!" that was almost a month ago. sooooo. how're things moving along? Hi Dean, how about an update? got the mail. not easy knowing what happens on the other end. hope your allright @Jason, Celtic Knot got funded after their second try and although the funding goal was low, it was cause they were planning to use USPCC so it made sense. they relaunched their project for the second time after the first was unsuccessful. and it ended up being a fraud, there's really no way to tell which project will be a fraud and which won't. having to relaunch a project until it succeeded doesn't mean that it won't be a fraud. @Eric, I've backed this project 3 times iinm. he seemed legit to me at the time I backed him too. but didn't you notice the lack of communication after the project is funded? that is why i worry. i was stating my worries cause we haven't heard from him for 1.5-2 months. and mind yourselves, I've sent him 2 facebook msgs and there are no replies too. and also- i never called him a fraud and definitely not behind his back. i have an opinion, I'll state it. I'm not someone that goes around someone's back to do that. what i stated was just merely answering someone's question, which is if he can get his money back if this falls through. and I'm saying that if he reports this project as a fraud, then yes; maybe he can get his money back. the lack of communication is what that made me worry & have doubts. it's wrong now to worry? @Jason, Celtic Knot got funded after their second try and although the funding goal was low, it was cause they were planning to use USPCC so it made sense. they relaunched their project for the second time after the first was unsuccessful. and it ended up being a fraud, there's really no way to tell which project will be a fraud and which won't. having to relaunch a project until it succeeded doesn't mean that it won't be a fraud. @Eric, I've backed this project 3 times iinm. he seemed legit to me at the time I backed him too. but didn't you notice the lack of communication after the project is funded? that is why i worry. i was stating my worries cause we haven't heard from him for 1.5-2 months. and mind yourselves, I've sent him 2 facebook msgs and there are no replies too. and also- i never called him a fraud and definitely not behind his back. i have an opinion, I'll state it. I'm not someone that goes around someone's back to do that. what i stated was just merely answering someone's question, which is if he can get his money back if this falls through. and I'm saying that if he reports this project as a fraud, then yes; maybe he can get his money back. the lack of communication is what that made me worry & have doubts. it's wrong now to worry? I've messaged Dean in the past and he seems legit to me. If he wanted to take our money and go why would he bother sending an update? This is my second time backing this project and you know things come up in life. But getting on the guys back calling him a fraud I think is unfair. A key to remember is Dean tried several times before to get this funded and was unsuccessful. If anyone wants to defraud people, they just need to have a low fund level... The fact that he did not lower it to me means it is a genuine project. Give a first timer some extra time. It's not like kick starter is eBay with a short ship time. Hope you get better brother!!!!! Waheyyy no need for any of that ⬇️ Before i asked if this falls through, do we get our funds back? To which many people answered no. However this is stated in kickstarter T&C's: Is a creator legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project? Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. (This is what creators see before they launch.) We crafted these terms to create a legal requirement for creators to follow through on their projects, and to give backers a recourse if they don't. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. Im in uk, and i know i can claim the funds back through my debit card company or the financial ombudsman if need be. If your in washington, your covered aswell as there was a similar case. Btw im still hopeful, there another set of cards i backed on here around the same time and im not getting those untill march/ april so there is still time. ita a shame a site like this get abused by idiots. who pray on ppl that whant to trust in others. and i gess we should have gessed it when he uses the bicycle brand. and it disent have anything with it to do things sure doesn't look too good imo. he's not replying his fb msgs too soooo yeah. Sorry to be pessimistic guys, im sure he will pull through anyway, probably just taking a bit longer to make sure everything turns out as awesome as it should I think he will pull through, i was just checking, not that it reassured me in anyway well i guess you can report this as a fraud... and you might get your money back, depending on your bank. but i still hope he'll pull through. That's not true. There is a way to get the money back but it depends on who you bank with. Don't really want to talk about it because I still really hope he follows through..... @Pranac Nope, he already has your money. If it falls through you lose your money. Im starting to get a bit worried. I dont mean to be pessimistic but if this falls through, do we get our funds back? Don't change the subject, I still want an update.... ☺ Veeve was a she? Lol Right and I backed this guy and stood up for him with the whole Veeve thing..... Looking right now like she was right. feb is not over yet so I'll still keep my hopes up.. He hardly ever logs in. So I guess we aren't going to get an update? Update? I was wondering, have you started sending any parcels off? Just want to know where you're at. 28 days since the last update, we should be getting another one soon. Hopefully Could we please get more than a single update every month or so? How can I change my mailing address to receive this when it is ready? Well, It's good to know that Dean is alive and well, as is the project. :) or hes on a island having fun. Things are probably hectic behind the scenes. Guys, just a comment, the last time KS has seen Dean, was November 23 Any news on timelines? Any updates? @Jason A gaff card is somewhat of a joke card. for example, it may be a ace of hearts, but the pip is broken in half. Or instead of a King of Spades, there will be a 13 of Spades (A kings' numerical value.) I'm new to card decks, but what is a Gaff Card? I see that we had 15 backers drop out... I could increase my pledge if needed. so whats the news? when can we expect stuff Survey submitted. There was a question I wasn't expecting. We got an update on when I can expect a survey? Have all the surveys been sent, or are we still waiting on some? Update!!! uhm... any updates...? it's rather quiet here.. Just to reaffirm. Gaff cards do come in all decks that have been purchased, correct? Hi Dean, any updates? So, since the project is funded, will you be revealing what this mysterious mystery gift is? Congrats on the successful campaign Dean! Love the design, and can't wIt to see the final product. Got in on this late.... My loss, the comments are pretty intense. Congrats man and I can't wait to get these and add to my collection. Brother just remember haters gonna hate. And if these people were HONESTLY trying to just help they would have said their comments once to voice them them they would have stopped. Good for you man congrats again!!!!!!!! Glad to be a part of your journey! Congratulations Dean! Congratulations on this project becoming a reality despite a lot of unnecessary negative comments along the way :D CONGRATZ!!!! Took a few times, but you got there in the end :) Congratulations man. Can not wait for these to be delivered Well USPC has changed their minds about 1000 deck minimums which puts this project in jeopardy. How do we pledge for the mystery goft I can't wait to get my hands on these! Dean, need more hints for the mystery gift - you need to convince a lot of us to pledge for it :) The cat is out of the bag. USPCC has just lowered the minimums to 1000 per design. Your goal is fine Dean. Read about it here: <url>"Different color decks are considered different designs as we have to set up the press run completely separate" This is directly from Tiffany at the USPC who handles pretty much all Kickstarter decks. The creator can also verify this info with any of the other long time deck designers on KS. Furthermore, I am not just making up false assumptions. I am a long time deck collector who has backed playing card projects on KS since they started. I am also a well known part of the card community and a well known deck reviewer. I know what i'm talking about when I say these things, not just assuming stuff. If it was true then nobody would be using Expert Cards or Legends Cards to print 1000 or 1500 limited print runs because they could just do it with the USPC. I have actually brought up this issue with at least one other creator on Kickstarter and he checked it out, and I was right and he was grateful for my help. Also i'm not violating any Kickstarter rules with any of my posts. I am within my rights to pledge $1 on any project I want and within my rights to post comments. Nothing I've posted has been negative. I have only being trying to help by letting the creator know he could have an issue. And the thanks I get? Getting jumped on by almost everyone here. Your welcome & goodbye! One of my best friends' cousin has worked for the USPCC for more than 18 years and I contacted him directly after my friend contacted him first and then gave me his cousin's phone number at the USPCC. He has informed me that DEAN IS ABSOULUTELY RIGHT!! The USPCC charges per design NOT COLOR so anyone of you the disagree well than you are idiots to listen to and believe any bullcrap. If you do not want to be a moron then call or contact the USPCC so that they can set you straight. ALL OF THE NEGATIVE COMMENTS ARE RIDICULOUS so kiss off because you are violating Kickstarter rules and are not worth responding to. GREAT JOB DEAN so keep it up and rub these negative peoples' noses in your success and prosperity. I would like to add something to mr. Dorian's post. There are printers that can print all of the colors in one go. Much like a newspaper printer. It still requires a plate per color, but can greatly increase the printing speed. I have experience in the newspaper printing. I am not trying to call anyone out or discredit anyone's statements. Dorian, thank you. finally someone that actually knows something and provide a little info or two and not just assume things :) I've not contacted USPCC, nor do I believe it's my place to, but I'm going to comment here with some information about how the printing process works and why I believe that the creator of this deck is in the right. When you print a deck of cards, it's done by running the uncut sheet through the press for a series of passes, one pass per colour used. The EXPENSIVE part of the process is creating the plates used to do this: one plate per colour. For a four colour deck, for example, you'd need to have four different plates cut and aligned correctly in the machine. The CHEAP part is sticking in the ink. That costs very little, and is nowhere near as labour intensive. That's why I believe the USPCC would print to colour variations within their minimum: all they have to do is change the colours. If a fancy background and additional colours were involved, absolutely they would not. It would require more plates to be cut at a higher cost and more labour to set up the press. But with a colour variation that doesn't require the addition/removal of plates and recalibration of the press, I don't see why there would be a problem. (For the record, while not having printed custom playing cards, I do have experience in graphic design and have collaborated with people in the print industry in the past.) I also want to say something about the shipping issue being raised. It's being raised by someone in the USA, and the figures they are giving are in US dollars. It might be news to some Americans, but there is such a place as The Rest Of The World. This place is full of many different countries, each with their own postal system. I don't think it's fair for someone to comment on international shipping costs from the UK from America. Especially when that person has no idea whether or not some of the shipping costs have been offset through inclusion in the pledge amount, which would be my guess simply based upon the amount of the reward tiers, and through the medium of common sense. I may be biased towards this project as an actual backer and not a 'pledge and run', but I did try to lay out some facts. I would encourage people to do their own research and make up their own minds. A very simple place to start is with this article: <url>"bashing" anyone. Your "proof" doesn't really prove much. It's not very clear. All I'm suggesting is that you clarify it is all. To everybody else can you name me any single other USPC deck that printed less than 2500 with more than 1 color? I urge you to fine one, not from 4 years ago, and tell me again I'm wrong. Completely agree with Jx. Dont like this project, dont back it, Dont have to come on here and cos a hassle unless ya have nothing better to do. You are doing great job there! Don't let the negativity without facts ruin your project or the progress of this Kick start! =) a bit* - sorry. excuse my typo :) Jericho & Veeve, would you guys just stop already? Jericho, I know you disagree with Dean, but bashing him at his comment sections under his project in public, is rude. I appreciate your concern, but I believe in giving people a shot. why not give Dean a chance to try to start a little something for himself? give people a chance. if you don't like it, please do ignore it. if you're so determined to find out how it really works, PLEASE do just contact USPCC directly, and before you accuse someone else, provide proof that you're right instead of making blind assumptions, and hurting others along the way. what you're doing now don't make you look like a nice person, it actually makes you look like a pretty nasty one, imo. so just please, leave Dean alone. hate it? don't support it. it's really that simple :) Veeve, i gotta say, I'm a but surprised to see you here, considering what you've commented on the previous project. anyways, we get it, you don't agree with Dean, don't back this one then, just let him be. it's really not that hard. Back go look at Jericho's previous comments on posts - I think this guy likes to moan. Dean has shown proof the two colours are fine. Now lets leave it there and give this guy a chance to prove Jericho wrong. You know I had originally pledged for a set of these but cancelled because I didn't like the art so much. Now I'm kind of glad that I've cancelled seeing as how there seems to be issues with this project. And I do believe Jericho to be right about the print minimums and low goal. And to top it off this is how you treat someone who brings forth a valid concern, by lashing out at him, how do you think that comes across to backers? I'm definitely done with this one. I'm going to beg to disagree with you Dean. I have been backing playing card projects since they began on kickstarter and have backed way too many of them to know that USPCs minimum print run is 2500 decks per color. The only way you can print them as you say is with just a different tuckcase. I've seen others make the same mistake, it happens. If this is true then why does nobody else do this??? You do have to print 2500 of each color, unless it is just simply another tuck case. I have backed so many projects, nearly 200 by now, and none of printed less than 2500 of each color. I'm not bashing the project, only questioning the figures. The only way it would cost the same is if it was just a different tuckcase and you still printed just 2500 decks. If you print 2 different decks then you need to print 2500 of each. I understand how things work, I don't understand your statement about the USPC. With 2 decks you would have to print 2500 of EACH color, which doubles the cost (to my knowledge) which would mean about $16,000-20,000 for both decks before shipping. Maybe it is you that should clarify things with the USPC. Also I know about shipping, I have sold and shipping many decks and I know it costs at least $15 for 1 deck for air mail, less if you use surface mail, but that can take ages to arrive. Shipping for 1 deck to/from the US/Canada is about $8-10 for 1 deck. I'm not making "nasty" comments, just giving people facts so they can make an educated decision. As i've stated, i've seen this happen many other times on other decks. I'm not bored, I just don't like for myself and others to get screwed, happened enough times on KS. I will second what @Tony said. The international shipping rates are completely unreasonable. Another issue is the funding goal is potential too low for 2 decks of cards, especially seeing as how it's only £500 more than his previous goal for printing 1 single deck. Just a fair warning that I don't believe this creator has calculated shipping rates appropriately nor set a high enough goal for 2 decks and that in the end he won't have enough money to ship out decks. I've seen this all too many times! Buyers Beware! Backed the last project and will back this one! Here's to hoping it gets funded, really like this set. I'm quite new to Ks, and i really like these decks. But i have a little concern: i read a few times that miscalculated shipping rates have created big problem to a few projects. So my question is: how can you keep so low shipping costs? Almost halfway there! Hopefully this time :) would be great to see a UK bicycle deck make it to production. This time, I pledged for half a brick instead of just one deck! Love those black cards, and I already have some ideas for magic with both colours. Come on everyone, lets do it - third time lucky:) i hope we make it.. rly whant this one. Good luck man. Love these decks Really hope this funds this time around,, Best of luck!!! looks good, like the gold coin, but was thinking a black and white coin would be cool