@Guy-Justin Nuyda Our public profile is intentionally quiet so we can focus on keeping momentum with limited resources, but the project is very much alive and progressing. It will still be some time before we start posting again, but we will absolutely re-engage our backers when the time is right. Despite the bumps along the way, this project would not existed without all of your involvement. For those that haven't been following the latest news, we wanted to leave a couple links to the updates most relevant to the project's current status: Reflections: <url>"backers only" and only available here. @Jonah Libster Thanks Jonah. As you say, it's a cost versus time thing. We don't have much of either, but we're trying to be flexible :) @Roland Starke They will be created randomly, but guided so that they're meaningful and interesting. It's the same mechanism that generates the story events that you play in the game, and it will be tuned to making something that fits within the world and doesn't give the player a clear advantage or disadvantage. We can't have backers choose the elements in the story fragment (because of how complex they are), but we'll give each backer the choice between two fragments. Whichever one is picked will become bound to that backer, and the other will be returned to the pool. @Anonymous Your answer to @Nader Ghazi Hobballah is shorter than ours, and is just as correct. Thanks! @Nader Ghazi Hobballah We tried to make those digital rewards cool and unique, but not something that makes you feel like you're being excluded from "premium content" if you don't have them. The story fragment is a strategic jumping off point (and special token to the backer), but it doesn't necessarily give them an advantage over a player that doesn't have it. The short version is that we don't want to be in the business of withholding premium content and then charging for it (we just don't like that as developers), and we hope that we've been successful in avoiding that. If we're wrong and players overwhelmingly feel cheated once they see what we're offering, then we'll rethink our position. Thanks for backing! @Roq Sounds like an interesting strategy. We definitely have at least a Steam Greenlight campaign in our future. @Jonah Libster For sure it has some real benefits. We're a small team with a trim schedule, and any time spent managing this kind of stuff is time we're not working on the game. We just have to balance the benefit we may get against how much time it will all take. This doesn't mean we're not doing it by the way. We're just being cautious before we make any commitments. Ideally we would like to hire a community manager (who might also handle the maintenance of something like this), but at least at our current funding this seems unlikely. We're staying flexible though and are fully exploring all our options. @KogX Thanks for the suggestion about using indiegogo for additional goals! Some other Kickstarters have left some of their rewards open via PayPal after the end of their campaign. We weren't originally planning to do that, but we're investigating it now as an option. @Anonymous We absolutely want to keep the community together. We currently have Facebook, Google+, Twitter, the Kickstarter updates page, and finally the website/blog. Not having forums is probably an oversight. We're looking into it right now! @Josh Bishop Thanks for the heads up! We read a Kickstarter post mortem that said something similar. Thank you everyone for your support! An update will follow, but I just wanted everyone to know that we're sifting through the flood of comments and reading each one. We haven't forgotten you, and now that we've reached our goal your feedback is more important than ever before! For those asking about the other platforms (especially Linux), we want to put Unwritten on as many platforms as it will play well on. If we can't get the extra money needed from Kickstarter then extra platforms will follow the PC release, provided we make enough money to fund them. Based on the current level of interest in the game that seems very likely. We're also discussing other funding options to get the extra platforms, but more on that will follow. Not to worry: Mac and Linux versions are at the top of our list. Hey everybody! We're doing that live-tweet game marathon thing (<url>"Plan B" for weeks, and will continue to do so. We can promise that we're going to explore every opportunity to get Unwritten made. However, we can also tell you that the market for fund raising is difficult right now (even here on Kickstarter). Many business types still have no faith in the PC as a market (which we don't agree with), and consoles are right at the end of the life-cycle making publishers extra conservative. We have a few options, although none are anywhere near as good for the game as getting this Kickstarter funded right here, right now. At the end of the campaign we'll give you all the specifics, one way or the other. However, right now there is much that is up in the air, and even on Kickstarter the climate is changing all the time. We're devoted to this game, and we're devoted to you, our audience. Please keep the questions and comments coming. We're here to talk to you. @JeroenB Sorry we didn't get on this sooner. We'll see what we can do about those poster add-ons. I believe you're not the first person to ask about it. @Svend Andersen I could be misunderstanding you, but I think we've got those add-ons already. <url>"rename" Panda Mittens Software to Roxlou Games, but Amazon Payments would only verify the company under its original name (we had a bit of trouble with them and we decided to stop going back and forth with them on it). The short of it is that your pledge will go directly to the project, not through some intermediary. Roxlou Games *is* Panda Mittens Software LLC, by matter of a technicality. These are the less exciting aspects of indie game development. @Joel Sigal lick·start·er [lik-stahr-ter] noun 1. A small damp sponge used to moisten the tongue before a particularly strenuous session of sealing envelopes. ...nah, we're just messing with you. Welcome and thanks for your support! @Blackstaff @Lewis @David Silva We want to address this in an update, most likely before the weekend is out. A lot of people are asking us directly about what happens if the project fails to meet its goal and what we have planned to generate more interest in Unwritten. We think these are fair questions and we plan on answering them. We will say that this final week is going to be interesting. This is when a stalled Kickstarter comes back to life (if it's going to do so), and we aren't 100% sure what the reaction is going to be. In the mean-time we have new updates and interviews coming. No matter what we're committed to giving the project every possible chance of success. @Blackstaff Looks like tomorrow. We want it up before RPS does their next Kickstarter Katchup. We don't want to give everything away, but we've been collaborating with a well known indie games artist to give us some fresh insight on the "real world" of Unwritten. It's been a bit tricky getting our schedules to line up (longer than we had originally planned), but the results are very cool. Hopefully we won't keep you waiting much longer! @KogX Yep, it goes to show what a big difference a little exposure makes. That's why it's important that we keep on pushing to get Unwritten featured on game sites. One really prominent post could make the remaining goal overnight. One thing we've learned is that the smaller game sites are notoriously slow in both responding to email and in posting new content, which it tough when you're running a 30 day campaign. That does mean that we'll most likely get a lot of coverage in our last week, but the drawback is that things are slower right now in the middle. @JaqFrost Definitely going to get some forum avatars to you guys. Getting that done now. @JaqFrost and @Blackstaff Thanks for the feedback on future updates. Those are all good suggestions! @David Isaac Frohman Like most Kickstarter projects, nearly all our backers come from outside referrals, usually from articles posted on game websites and blogs. We haven't had any press the last few days, so we have fewer backers. Lee and Joe have done some interviews that haven't yet been published, so there is some stuff on the horizon. It's a bit of "feast or famine" for game news right now, so a temporary lull doesn't spell the end of the project :) Note that we are also working on new updates, specifically regarding our art style, but because we are working with contributors that have their own part-time schedules these aren't as timely as we would like. Of course if we get the funding we need these kind of worries would be a thing of the past. @JaqFrost This is definitely true. There will continue to be updates as quickly as we can put them together. @David Silva Lulls in a campaign aren't uncommon (especially when we haven't been in the news for a bit), but we have reached a crucial milestone. Projects that reach 30% or greater of their funding in the first two weeks have a much higher chance of success, and we've hit that with plenty of time to spare! Of course there is a ways left to go, and we need to keep promoting as best we can, but this is certainly something to take pride in. @David Isaac Frohman We couldn't agree more :) @Lewis We just saw that over at RPS. We're big fans of the site and the quality of its reporting, so that was a particularly bright spot in our day. @KogX You're right that we can't put together a strategy guide yet because the game isn't finalized. However, we're going to target the style and quality that you might see in an official strategy guide for print. So it will contain a lot of reference screens from the game, maybe a few pieces of concept art or stand alone art for reference, and quotes from the game's underlying story to give it some flavor. One thing we'll have that you might not see that in other strategy guides is that we'll have development anecdotes all over the place (basically little behind the scene stories about creating each part of the game). We'll have similar stuff in the art book, but of course there the focus will be on the process in creating our visual style, while the strategy guide will talk about the challenges in designing the game. We'd like to do a mockup of all the rewards (even those not yet fully designed), but we're starting to get a hefty list of update requests. Hopefully, we can get something more complete put together, but for now we hope the decription helps. @Blackstaff Ha, well we'll do our best :) @Blackstaff The specifics on that aren't finished yet, but we do know that the game is going to be tuned and balanced for a "hardcore" audience, meaning it's going to be hard as hell. We're going to have a minimum a "normal" skill level as well, for new players to learn how to play and for a less intense experience (FTL is a good example of this), but the hardcore setting is going to be how the game is designed to be played. As for your question about units, yes units have attributes that the special abilities modify. Example stats are hunger, health, strength, movement, and vision. You aren't going to see a huge number of stats, but a handful that have direct, meaningful impact. @Lewis and @Blackstaff Yup, a full gameplay update will be dropping late tonight or early tomorrow morning. That said, I can say that the game has a interesting ebb and flow to it. Combat is simplified as in a game like Civilization, you battle simple by moving your unit onto the tile of an enemy, and you already know the odds of success before doing so. A huge part of the game is managing your resources and acquiring new ones. Resources include food, roxlous (a llama-like animal that serves as currency), and most importantly new units. Getting new resources has you doing a number of interesting tasks like participating in story-events, engaging in diplomacy with other clans, and exploring the tundra. A huge focus is on unit abilities. Units have unique, randomly generated abilities and no two are alike. The odds are nearly always stacked against you, but through clever use of your unit abilities and careful selection of what units you recruit, you can persevere. Unwritten often feels like a collectible card game or tabletop game where you construct a deck or army and then execute a strategy with unique actions. However, in Unwritten you're constructing your "deck" and executing it at the same time. I know this leaves many questions unanswered, but the full update goes into each point in depth. We're taking a little extra time to make sure we have some graphics to illustrate the gameplay points. Thanks everybody for being patient. @Todd Sibelius, those are some cool ideas! We love the idea of further exploring the concept of successive generations. We'll have to fiddle with them in the context of our game, but those concepts seem like they would fit perfectly. This will be detailed further in a coming update, but we do have a feature involving your previous playthroughs, although it's expressed in a different way. In the game you collect "story fragments" for participating in a story event, which details what decision you made out on the tundra. Once per game you have the option of sending one fragment back home using a carrier pigeon. If you do this and then later die, you have the option of restarting as the next generation of your clan. As the next generation you now start with the story fragment you sent home via pigeon, only now it has grown into a "legend". This means that both the positive and negative aspects of the story have grown, making it more powerful but also more volatile. You may also keep passing the same story down through the ages. The legend will keep getting bigger and larger than life, but it may be so dominant that it ends up affecting your ability to survive. Beyond the "pigeon" feature we also like the idea of seeing old campsites and the like, but we haven't tried that yet. Great suggestions! @Josiah We are multi-monitor users, so multi-monitor support is compelling. However, we do not have experience with writing games this way so it's one of many things we'll have to investigate. That's not a "no", but it will be balanced against other features later on. Interface customization is a definite "yes". Since we'll be releasing the developer tools you'll be able to change anything, and the interface is just one aspect of that. Our schedule is tight, so extras like a color-blind mode are more likely to come in a patch rather than at launch time. That said, we have good friends that are color-blind, so we're more motivated than most to follow up on that. @Josiah System Requirements: we don't have the exact system requirements dialed in, since we're still experimenting with the look of the game. Our strategy is to create an expressive, interesting art style that runs on as many machines as possible. The game is also hand-drawn 2D (with some interesting 3D trickery thrown in to make things interesting), so our system requirements will likely be modest. Right now I'm making sure the prototypes run on my near-ancient laptop, an Intel Duo 2.20GHz. I (this is Joe) have a lot of graphics/system programming experience, so I'm confident that we can keep our minimum requirements at least this low, if not lower. Threads: yeah we're doing some of that, mostly for pathfinding, visibility determination, etc. Basically the heavy duty gameplay stuff related to all the units on screen. As you say, a game with a lot of units has a lot of CPU work to do. As for an option to control thread affinity, that's a good idea and we'll look into it. SLI: I don't think SLI is going to help you out much on this game, since we're not going to be taxing graphics hardware for the kinds of stuff that would give you a noticeable improvement. Don't get me wrong, it's going to look great, but it's hand drawn 2D so you're not going to be getting more pixels if you run it at an absurdly high resolution or anything like that. Our focus will be on compelling gameplay first and good looking effects second, and then usually ones that scale well depending on your hardware. Multi-player: single player is our focus and our schedule is limited. I want to explore the possibility of asynchronous multi-player or something unique for a potential expansion or for a sequel; however, Unwritten is single-player only at this time. Thanks @Espen! We'll definitely look into doing some Kickstarter addons. @Espen, we know the Banner Saga guys a little bit and they gave similar advice about physical rewards. Plus we have a limited part of the 75,000 goal set aside for Kickstarter fulfillment, so we only have so much wiggle room there. That said, we're always looking for ways to make the rewards cooler for the backers without jeopardizing the project, so we're keeping an open mind to all suggestions. As for more details on how the game is actually played, you're right that things are a bit lean. We're working on an update right now to give me people more information. We'll be sure to also update the front page with some of that info and a link to the update. Thanks for supporting us and giving feedback! Every little thing each backer does to spread the word and improve the project is a big help! We've been trying to gauge the interest in physical rewards, since they suck up a lot of time and energy on our end. Feedback like this really helps our decision making. If enough people are into the idea we'll definitely look into it. Hey *Josiah*. Our game is indeed "rogue-like", but it's also a strategy game and an interactive story book. That does mean the tools required are pretty broad, so you'll probably be able to make some interesting stuff that we didn't anticipate. We hadn't thought about specifically targeting old rogue-like games, but we did think about writing/hosting some tutorials on how to create different kinds of mods. That might be an interesting tutorial subject when we tackle that in the future. Thanks *Blackstaff*! We love talking about the game, and that sounds like a great update. Stay tuned... Hey Brent, thanks for your support. We hear you on the request for additional reward tiers. We've had other people say the same thing, and we're brainstorming a new set of affordable rewards for people to upgrade to as we speak. Also for those that are curious, here's that RPS editorial that *Charles George* mentioned: <url>“on hiatus” because never say never. But practically speaking it has been a long time and the team is gone. I didn't ask about any of the resources or assets. Other than the soundtrack, I'm not sure what value any of it would hold. In addition to a sad face, we can also choose "anonymously request a new update" near the top of the page as well! March 17, 2020. Still nothing. The game is now six years late - how about the assets or an update? I know. :-( Sigh. Have the decency to cancel this project. And the six-year anniversary. Well, there goes the five-year anniversary. Never mind - I just watched the pitch video again. Man, this game looked so good. The least he could do is release the assets. ...what? Permanent decisions and infinite variety. Permanent as in never gonna happen. Variety as in one flavor of doesn't exist. Create a nomadic tribe in your imagination and then fap yourself to sleep all over the tundra in a quest to meet God. Any news? The project died less than a year after it was funded. Now, four years later, it's not going anywhere, although I WOULD like it if he would at least release the resources for people to play with. Unwritten: That Which Didn't Happen? This is ridiculous. Feb 27th 2017; Hello? Hello. Would appreciate an update from the Devs. It has been now almost 3yrs since the last dev message. Hope this comes out eventually. I believe that the money all went to medical expenses for his family and that was the end of the project. I wasn't a high-level backer and wasn't upset, but it'd be nice if he could release the resources so someone else could work on it. Hahaha June 2016 and still not a peep. Incredible. Sooooo...Unwritten still unwritten, I take it? Heh. *poke* Two years since the last update? Come on, Roxlou, there must have been something to report... Nothing, apparently. Here again for the periodic 6-month check in. What's shakin'? I too am curious what's going on. Curiosity! I just realized how long it has been since I checked in. You said that the game was in stasis for a time, is it still be pursued at all? Can we get the music released maybe? hows the patient? is life support still powered or has the plug been completely pulled? Checking in again. Would love an update! Could we get an update on the game? An update, even if there's no change, would be appreciated. +1 Request for updates. 4th'd Request for update seconded/thirded... Can we have an update please? Could we get an update? It is still progressing?! Wonderful! Thats is great to hear! Just checking in - any news? Are things still progressing, or did the project truly terminate? Re. update #44 If the project is abandoned, is there any chance of backers at $50+ getting access to whatever music and artwork has been created? Personally I'd prefer for the game to be completed sometime in 2014, even if some additional funding is required. At least if a realistic budget is presented. So, where's that update? Is the update coming soon? Almost 2 months since the last update :) Any update? Been over a month. :) How is it coming guys? Nearing the tail end of October. Due to the many distractions of family life I kinda forgot I was backing this as beta-access level until just now. Has a beta download gone out and I missed it, or it is part of the general delay (which I have no problem with btw)? I should mention, yes, I read about the delay. It's cool, it happens. I just mean more, "How's it going?" type updates. :) Any updates? :) Really looking forward to this! Thanks! :) Also... I've receveid a survey about add-ons some time ago, but I didn't select any because I just was at the 30$ tier. Since you are allowed to send only one survey per tier, how are you going to ask for beta tester name to add in the credits? Are you putting Unwritten Passage on Steam Greenlight soon? Oh. Oops. Sorry :-( Oh wait... you already did it! Anyone who wants to back with PayPal... go HERE: <url>"War for the Overworld" pre-order page for Subterranean! Would it cost Roxlou a lot of money for you to get them set up? They don't have an "Overworld" sized budget... @Roxlou: Hey, no problem, guys! I just want to help. And I absolutely agree that even a delayed implementation is better than having no other way. Especially if you're able to do something visually nifty, fairly quickly, with the Kickstarter funds. I don't mean anything like an alpha (or a slice), but more like an enhanced teaser trailer with additional art assets. Just something to build some press up around your tiered pre-order page. You don't have to set a deadline for converting from simplified pledge tiers to "slacker backer" pre-orders, either. On the bigger campaign side, Obsidian's Project Eternity, as well as the smaller Two Guys from Andromeda SpaceVenture campaigns both kept theirs open for a period of time, and put out an announcement ~6 weeks or so before converting them to standard pre-orders. Backers (like KoqX!) may want to upgrade their tiers, and new backers may want to hop on board something that is more of a "sure bet". @ S.D. Subterranean Games (War for the Overworld) did it as well <url>"Tribal Visions". Thank you for sharing tribal visions. Really like the Hakka sort of singing. @Roxlou Looking forward to those updates like a needy kid on Christmas. =P So excited over pretty much everything about this game... story fragments seem fascinating and the music, which is so integral to oral storytelling, I simply cannot wait to hear more of. Definitely open a pre-order page. Other very small teams have successfully augmented their Kickstarter investments with direct pre-orders. Here are some examples from teams smaller than yours: Jack Houston and the Necronauts -- <url>#PreOrder Reincarnation: The Root of All Evil -- <url>"Coming soon!" page). Most of your traffic will come from here for the next month or so. Being ~$7K away from Linux support makes me hopeful that you'll open up this additional funding avenue, especially for your international fans who were unable to support you through Amazon payments. er, by "here" I mean "as an update", so we get emailed about it etc. As a humble request, I know the primary blog will be at roxlougames, but can you put updates here from time to time? Those of us who back a lot of games thank you. :) Congratulations on the successful kickstarter, and conning me out of my money with your wiley tactics of quality story, innovative concept and solid artistry. :P Oooh.. I'm excited!! Can't wait for this.. am captivated by the art and music, and fascinated by the storyline, mythology buff that I am...! So take your bow and get back to work... :) Congrats! Guys I am absolutely over the moon for you. I can't imagine how nail biting the last few days have been! Congratulation ! I'm veru for you (and us) that you hit your funding goal now it's time for you guy's to focus and make an awesome game ^^ Damn, it won't accept my card. Not the first time it happens on Amazon. Oh well, off to talk to my bank. Congratulations, guys! It's so great to see this actually happening :) Congratulations with a successful Kickstarter. Not only did you make it, but you actually beat the statistics. Most projects that reach their goal only do so within a 3% margin. You're at over 4%. :) Now get back to work and make the awesome game you've promised us! :D Congrats! Happy to see this made it. Now I'm eagerly awaiting the beta... :) Congrats to Joe, Joe's wife, Lee, Julian, and Amanda too, if she'll be contributing more on Unwritten. It was a well deserved win. Kickstarter done it again with the final-days surge. It was close, but I'll take it. Woohoo!!! Congrats guys!! I was really worried near the end. This looks like it will be an awesome game! Congrats! Very nicely done. I'm having "Post spending more than 100 dollars mild depression" >.< I can't believe I went in the pot for 150 Congrats on reaching your goal! I have some hope that Mac (And Linux? And iOS?) will come further down the road. I gambled for a Mac version at $80k so I'll probably end up with a rather expensive soundtrack download. :p Anyway: Cheers! This games style looks awesome and deserves to be made! Congratulations! =) Congrats of being funded. Looks like you will get to make your dream come to true. Go forth and prosper. 60 seconds to go, I'm so glad this made it. I've been watching this game for some time now and I am very happy to see it has been successfully funded. I'm also happy I had the extra money to start backing it within the last hour. I look forward to seeing the game develop and progress. And Joe Houston has a pretty sweet beard. Strong work. @Roxlou Games True, just figure a rough number will make evaluation easier. Key is whether there is profit and how much for time given. Maybe that should be an option for people to donate to a project... @Roxlou Games :D You guys have given out a TON of information in updates and interviews; I'm sure I still don't have my head around all of it. But I try! @Roxiu Games Took a quick look at your site. In my experience you could write a simple PHP functions page for your Wordpress, simple shopping cart with inventory only (no addresses, just e-mails) and link it to PayPal within 1 week of casual development or 3 days dedicated. Assuming average developer rate of $50-$60/hr at 4 hours/day (casual) or 8 hours (dedicated) so say $1200-$1800 to pay someone to do this. Maybe $1000 if the developer really knows what he is doing. WordPress is easy to develop on with PHP once the structures are understood. Another question about the story fragments at the People That Spoke tier - how customizable are they? Will the team ask for specific ideas about what you'd like your unique clan tale to begin with? @S.D. Good point about Double Fine. I think they started a revolution. Ever since their campaign last Janunary gaming options for Linux started springing up everywhere. This is going to be a great year for Linux gamers/users. @Nader Ghazi Hobballah I believe Roxlou Games has said elsewhere that the special ending is a "Thank you" only, not something like a "good" ending plot-wise. Also, the story elemen tier gets you one unique story fragment. You'll collect multiple (randomized) story fragments each playthrough as they are a central mechanic to the game. Although unique, the story fragment isn't additional plot, nor should it make your playthrough much easier. @Roq, wouldn't that be a violation of agreements with Kickstarter to do two campaigns at the same time (or do you mean separate campaigns). Certainly a "Stretch goal" campaign with a modest goal would be a good idea, or on Indiegogo you can do a "flex" campaign where you get what is given regardless of goal being reached (higher startup cost). There is of course Steam Greenlight. Desura, GoG are also good platforms for sell new games on. All have indie sections and GoG has been very aggressive on secure them. The only think I don't like about Steam is the DRM inherent on their platform. If they had a DRM-free option I'd use them as they have a great Linux selection. But Desura has DRM free options (mostly, the client is a form of DRM but the resulting downloads can be DRM free) and GoG is completely DRM free so I have stuff from them. Lots of options with the right marketing touch and of course, stretch goals via PayPal/GoogleCart on the site and Indiegogo would make everyone happy with the MacOS Linux crews. Some games have been doing a KS/Indiegogo campaign some months prior to launch in conjunction with a steam greenlight campaign, so they reinforce each other. And any pledges you get that way would have a lower cost of sale than games sold later on Steam/Gog etc., plus you get the cash earlier. I really like the expansion ideas you listed for the stretch goals so I hope it is announced so after release. Just a quick question, though it is late. If you do not purchase the tiers that unlock the story elements and/or the special ending...will we be able to eventually buy it through dlc? @ Rouxlou Games I'm surprised you weren't considering that as its almost a given for nearly every video game development campaign I've seen. Usually its the community who requests it (like here) and the profits from it are significant between the end of a Kickstarter campaign and release of the product. Why not? As long as its after the kickstarter campaign its valid. And as developers it should be easy for people with your skill sets. The API's aren't too complicated. Just make sure you have a good tax lawyer/account just in case. @Roxlou Games If you guys are ever like "hey, inspire us!" or "hey, give us feedback!", I think Kickstarter comments or Roxlou forums are the best medium. Good point Josh. Congrats guys. Don't forget to update your main page with a big banner linking to your website before the clock hits zero - you get locked out of editing your page after that. @Roxlou Games Please keep us posted on the progress you make, I love such updates from these projects. It sounds like you want to keep the community together as much as we want to be a part of it. Any plans for forums? If JP LeBreton thinks Unwritten is worthy, and is backing for Linux support, that's good enough for me. (Double Fine; we Linux gamers love you!! <3 ) My stretch-vote is definitely for a Linux version, though one would be easy if a Mac version was made and the game sold well. Best of luck guys, glad to see you made it! I'm glad to see that the subtitle of the project is accurate. :) Made it! Way to go, Roxlouvians (roxlouisianians? Roxlousandiegaaans? Fabricated demonyms are hard.) Can't wait to follow the dev updates and play this game. This game design shows that turn based strategy games don't have to be about micro-managing static resources, but rather dynamic movement through environments with rich story threads. That could be genre changing. Doesn't matter if this reach of any its stretch goals. The bottom line is that "Unwritten: That Which Happened" IS happening. Thanks to all the backers who share my interest in the project! You guys can use indiegogo to help fund for the stretch goals. Woohoo. I go play League for a while, and funding happens. Awesome. Congratulations RoxLou! Grats Roxlou Games! Very excited that Unwritten will be a thing that happens. :) Yeah cpt_freakout me too - and am in awe that KS can fund such an original game. I leave for like four hours and it's already backed? Wow, what a rush! Congrats! Don't open the Champagne just yet. Its common for 10% of all backers payments to fail. So if we have 82K I'd say its safe... Excellent! Congrats, Roxlou. I'm so glad this is going to be realized. Woho! \o/ 100k is unlike in any event. I've left my mind on that topic earlier on this topic. We'll what the developers her do afterwards. Of course if they have Linux, they can do Android/Ouya quite easily and Mac as well. Windows 8 I anticipate will be a PAIN from what I've read about the SDKs and plans to push the WIndows App store. Congrats! Excellent news! This accelerated 'hockeystick' ending seems to be the new norm. Congratulations! (And my streak of having every project I've pledged get funded continues....) Congrats, looking forward to it. See here in FAQ's: Linux is first in the list because it has a built-in community that is oriented towards self-support, and because most cross platform libraries have up to date Linux support (but deprecated Mac support). Tentatively the stretch goals are set at $85,000 to unlock the Linux version and $100,000 to unlock the Mac. Remember even if we don't get Linux straight off the bat, they'll try and fund that with sales. The most important thing, from the starting perspective, is that the game is going to get made at all. Congratulations! @Sovnd Actually that is Mac. There are notes below on the project home page.Has to do with Linux having a support community. (One of the reasons I love and support it) Let's now hope that none of the backers get credit/debit card rejected and Roxlou Games lose some of their money. But... isn't Linux at 100k? @Blackstaff Point. Many adventure games do lack that imaginative quality that allows you to apply more than one solutions that makes sense and I agree they should. That said I have seen a few adventure games that DO take this into account. Of course in any genre, the amazing gems are fewer and make they outshine their lessors even more. Sierra had a few that were good in this way I remember. I'll mention that to Senscape in hopes that their story will be one of those gems. Hoping this will be one as well. That said, "It is pitch black, you are likely to get eaten by a Grue" But - great! So amazing we are able to get this kind of original idea funded on Kickstarter! Congrats for the funding! @Saul, he can't remove the pledge if this causes the value to go below the minimum, it's a KS safety device. Keep going people. What if the 5k backer guy backs off last second we need 80k to be safe. Congrats guys, VERY happy to see this get full funding. Just gotta promise the game will come out now! :D Almost 6 hours for 85k. You can have some hope, linux fans. :) Congrats! :) The people who funded. Oh, I said that more on the tune that I can't refrain myself from wanting many solutions for a single problem. I want to test, I want to try and to retry something always new. Most adventure games are lacking on that front. But I agree, having an intellectual opposition with someone is something fun. :) Hooray! Congrats Roxlou! Congratulations, guys - fully deserved, can't wait to see the final product! Woohoo! CONGRATULATIONS GUYS!!!!!! Well-deserved! Cheeeeers! I'm sure the bottles are poppin' hehe Awesome! And...the goal is met: Can we reach $85k to guarantee Linux? I sent a message to Asylum backers....may help. Congratulations! I am very much looking forward to this! YES Well done, Joe! Congrats! There it is. Congrats ! Make the Roxlous shine :) @Blackstaff. Funny enough, Asylum is the perfect place to pick other people's brain. To each their own tastes. Yes what you say is true, but for me that is part of the fun of ANY adventure game, or play Chess for that matter. Its all a matter of figuring out how the opponent thinks A worthy skill outside of cyberspace, although not easy to acquire. Real life has little logic I've discovered. Even Spock said "Logic is the beginning, not the end" - Spock (Leonard Nemoy), Star Trek 6: The Undiscovered Country I was there. No sweat. You can't unpledge in the last day if it stops the project from getting funded. :) THEY...COULD...GO...ALL...THE...WAY! Hum... Sorry. Not a great fan of adventure game here. I feel like after a certain time, solving a puzzle is more about searching for what is traveling inside the brain of the devs than looking for a logical solution to a problem. I prefer choice in RPGs, RTSs and Strategy games. Wonderful - think we're going to cross the line now. Just hope none of those high tier pledges are trolls. @ Blacksstaff There is Asylum, a horror new adventure game also posted on Kickstarter with same $15 entry point, similar playing hours and similar philosophy with its toolset. If anyone like the Horror/Adventure genre, its a worthwhile project and the engine, Dagon, and sdk are all open source/free. So if you like this genre and like tools free for use by the public to make their own adventure games, its a worthwhile project to fund and it has a healthy chance of funding with 71% of its goal in place with 2 weeks go to. A link for those who hate to search: <url>#chart-daily Come on! Just a little bit more! Looking good! Past few days were kind of hair raising but if things stay steady we'll get to play this game sooner than later! I'm absolutely stoked for this game and thanks Roxlou for being dedicated to this cause and not giving up when things seemed bleak. Less than 2k! Only 2 more to go! Good night from Europe. Rising steadily! Looks like this one is in the back, congratulations. Game sounds excellent, annoyed I only just heard about it. just 2.5k I have been observing this game for quite some time now... Intrigued by the first video, interested when they showed us a sneak peek of the gameplay and now finally encouraged by the amazing boost it got the past few days, to create an account and back my first project. And I'm sure it's a good one :) I'd say this is pretty much a sure shot right now, which means I can safely go to bed. :) 3K to go, we can do it :) You are friends with my friends. Fellow industry devs should help each other out. Sorry it's not much. <3 Thanks for your help, Elizabeth! I think we're gonna make it, William! I'm not going to bed until I see 75K!!! 8 hours and 4K to go... this is nerve wracking! Sorry. lol I've upped by an extra $10 to give a friend a copy :) in the hope that this will help in the final push towards the goal... hopefully a lot of others will do so! So close, I don't think this can fail! You probably should. ;) The "RT" in RTS stands for "Real Time" after all, and this is a turn based game. Ok, maybe I should just say strategy games in general, then? This isn't an RTS game. Not even close. It's turn based all the way. If it was an RTS, I wouldn't be here. RTS games aren't my thing, but I can't see a game get this close and not see it make its goal. You have my 5 dollars. Keep spreading and pledging, keep spreading and pledging! It's too soon for thanking us. The real thanks will begin after we cross the line :) Won't let you down, Rosveen! (Not that I can carry this by myself, go statistical trends!) So bloody close! Aaand it just jumped by $115. Thanks, unknown backer :) Going to sleep now, I fully expect to see this funded when I wake up tomorrow! Wooo-hooo! The end is in sight! Woot! We're past the 70k mark! Looking good! :) I'm not sure angry is the word I'd use...disappointed, sure. I imagine if it ends up being THAT close with 10 minutes left we'll be seeing a rash of backers increasing pledges though. 5k 8 hours left. So...how angry is everyone going to be if this gets to $74k or just under $75k and then time runs out? Far too much potential for this game to fail at the last hurdle...I've done what I can to promote it, and upped my backing from $50 to $70 quite a few days ago...so that's all I can do I'm afraid :/ It'll be even more of a shame to lose the backing rewards :p I did my part spreading the word on Twitter, and judging by the number of retweets, there's lots of interest to make this happen. I think you'll be just fine! It seems like we've been making about 1000 per hour. Considering that we have 9 hours left and only $6000 to raise, I think we can do this. 6K to go :) Thanks for joining the party new backers! You ROCK! And everyone upping your pledge, the average on Kicktraq isn't going down >_> At this rate I think we'll make it. I'm sure it's a combination of increased pledges and new backers. Everyone's working hard... 7k to go, we can totally make it if we keep up the current pace. It noticeably sped up over the last two hours, here's hoping it stays this way till the end of campaign. 90% ohhhhhhh yeaaaaaaah! 7k. Tick, tock, tick, tock. The pace is pretty decent now. If this lasts, we'll reach the goal with several hours to spare. :) 8k... This is going to be terrifyingly close. :( I'm a total refrehs the page addict lol WE CAN DO THIS!! What a cliffhanger! Come on guys, only 9k! Please some rich people pledge 5000$ or we won't do it! 9K to go :) would not what That's it. I had enough. I just up'ed my $30.00 pledge to $160.00. This game should be made. Plus having my name in it what be cool. Do something big to get more publicity maybe. EVERYONE TRY TO GET PUBLICITY! It would be a shame to fail when we're so close. Who knows, maybe someone else will follow in the footsteps of the yesterday's backer and come up with an unexpectedly high pledge? Yeah, but part of yesterday's funding came from one person who claimed the $3000 reward, skewing the results. We saw an increase of $12K yesterday. We just need a repeat performance and *usually* the last day is the biggest spike! (<url>#chart-daily) $11k to go. At this rate we won't make it. Fingers crossed for an upswing in activity once America starts waking up, or for someone to get one of the bigger rewards. I so hope the project makes a bit extra so they can keep working with Amanda Williams on the art. Fingers crossed people, fingers crossed . 18 hours to go and looking good! Congrats guys! Wildman's loss (sulky face) is your gain. Taken the $20 from that and added it to the $20 I already pledged to make $50.... I'm not sure I did my maths too well when I increased my pledge. :p Wildman was pretty heartbreaking. I was looking forward to a good fight til the end. Coming here from Wildman, but since you don't/can't offer a Linux client I'm pleding only at the 15$ level. Anyway good luck :) Coming from Wildman campaign, which was canceld, I am pledging my money here! Go go go! It is possible! :) Final 24 hours. Let's do it for all the roxlous! This idea seems amazing! I'd love to see the expansion ideas and multiplayer versions too! Perhaps once the vanilla version is done and out there, we can see that interest foment expansions, modding and much more. I'm really excited for this and have a firm conviction that you can make your goal. People don't give up with spreading the word around ;) Usually, the last day of a kickstarter brings around twice the funding of the day before. :) I know it's hard to imagine right now, but this KS will probably end up around 85k $. This is the stretch goal for Linux, no ? :) @Roxlou Games: Did you post this on TIGSource? A ton of indies frequent it and they might be interested in this upcoming LiveStream of yours. It could help with visibility for their games as well. Yeah no. 2 on Kicktraq up +10, that's awesome. This is one project that needs to be funded. Three in a row, why not: looks like we'll hit 81% very soon! I'm thankful for the add-ons. I'm opting for extra copies of the game to give away. This has been an INCREDIBLE day for new backers: <url>#chart-daily If this keeps up - if this keeps up - I think we can do this. The slope of our chart is looking, for the first time, like it'll make it: <url>#chart-exp-trend If this momentum keeps going, then we should easily reach the goal! 60k hit only 15k to go from 15.50 to 25.50, hope it helps... I just upgraded from 30 to 40 Just found out about this one from a Brian Fargo tweet. Seriously, how could you not back a game that has Clarke Kent in charge? =D Upgraded from 15 to 30. Today's looking like the best day yet. If this holds up we just might make it. Ah, I'll bump up a bit. It would be a shame to miss out on this one. Just upgraded my pledge form $15 to $25. Anyone else care to do the same to ensure we get this great looking game? Come on, Kicktarter, pour your monies right in this wonderful project ! We don't need another wildman here. Make the kicktraq bar as vertical as possible ! I would have probably added 5$ to 15$ if this project was just a few $ from the finish line... just to push it over the line. I'm guessing that more people think like this, and that if all the people that are thinking like this put their 5$ to 15$ (or more) extra into the pledge then this game will indeed be close to or even over that finish line! So... I'm adding a few extra $ to my pledge, and are hoping that more will do the same :). Oh, sorry. Not my thing at all. Nah, Teamliquid.net, Starcraft and DotA community site. I tried to drum up some interest there, but the thread only had a couple hundred views. Are you talking about Liquid entertainment and Battle realms ? I can't say I'm nervous btw. It's going tight, but fine at the moment. Not worse than some other I've witnessed. Usual kickstarter antics, I can say. :) Is it weird if I feel almost as nervous as Joe looked in that video every time I refresh this tab (it's been open for a month straight, refreshed a few times a day)? Any of you other backers from amongst my beloved Liquidians? @cpt - The King has ascended. :) In case anyone needs pumping up for the final countdown: <url>"Derek Yu" and/or make a post on TIGSource's forums. Well, I chipped in what I could. Here's hoping for a strong final two days, this really deserves to be funded. What a great looking game, and something really original and different. Seems to me projects like this are just what Kickstarter is for. Just hoping you get the necessary funds the last two days! So I came back again and finally chipped in. Thanks to the RockPaperShotgun article. But I had seen this before, and what really impressed me was the audio. You mention all the cultural inspiration for the music, and each one are ones I find really interesting! The visual style and promise of weaving your own tale finally swayed me over. I hope this project can succeeds. If not, come back and do it again as a kickstarter. A turn-based strategy game, with a unique aesthetic based on an underused cultural and artistic style, and a mechanic-supported emphasis on building a narrative and making hard choices? I cannot describe how much I want to see this made. I will do what I can to spread the word. I showed this to Chris Avellone to make more backers, possibly. I hope it helps, even if just a bit... I've been watching this for a couple of weeks. I'm not much of a PC gamer, but this looks great and I really hope it succeeds. I just wish I had more funds available to pledge. I know it's only a small site, but I thought I'd do my bit to get word of this game out there: <url>~96% chance of success. The project still needs exposure, and it still needs all the last-minute backers to swoop in and save the day, but I don't think it's unrealistic to stay 100% positive and focused on what's in front of us right now. A few of the projects I linked to took in almost half their funding during the last several days of their campaigns. Kinetic Void did it in one--thanks to a Reddit AMA. 25 days have passed, yes, but in weighted terms, the last five could easily be their equal in dollars, as they so often are. Why should they share their plans about what to do if the Kickstarter fails? It's not like you've paid them any money at that point anyway, and if they by any chance should have a backup plan, that might reduce people's interest in backing ("meh, why should I back it? it'll get made anyway!"). Assume that the game won't be made if that happens. Backup plans are of no interest to the Kickstarter itself. If the project does indeed fail, that would be the time for asking. Now it serves no purpose and may actually hurt its chances. Also, I recommend you take a look at the funding history of some successful Kickstarters out there. The truth is that the vast majority of them receive less than 3% more funding than what they ask for, and there's a huge boost in backers during the last two days. @Lewis - While I'm glad that the statistics are in our favor, the reality of the situation is that we are down to five days to get the same amount of funding we managed in 25. What I am looking for now is for Joe and the guys at Roxlou to figure out what they are going to do if the project falls short of its goal. Obviously there is enough interest in the game to warrant moving forward with production, but the logistics behind going about doing this are something that needs to be worked out. Possibilities include making another Kickstarter campaign with a lower funding goal or creating a store with similar backing options on their website, or even simply dropping the project altogether. I'd love to see this project succeed, as I've said before, but I'd also like to start seeing plans in case of the less desirable result. 37,500 in 5 days... its possible 1000 backers and half the goal pledged. :) It's far from being over. ° == ° I've seen that Brian Fargo tweeted and backed you. Perhaps the support of good'ol'Obsidian could help if you can manage to grab their attention. A tweet from Stoic could prove useful too. I just found out about your kickstarter a few days ago (and I like to take my time when considering whether or not to contribute), so I've done so now, but it looks like you're going to fall well short. I really think the reason is the lack of publicity you were able to garner. You definitely have one of the more interesting game ideas I've seen on kickstarter in some time, but that doesn't help if no one knows about it! I hope you find some way to relaunch at some point. Hey guys, I just wanted to let y'all at Roxlou know that I hope you guys make it. This game reminds me a lot of a psuedo-table-top game my friends at school devised where we would design our own societies all of which began with the same level of resources but over time we would explore, solve puzzles, create new technologies, and develop along radically different paths. Anyway, I hope y'all get a nice big surge of support in the coming week. Do y have any further plans for the game if the kickstarter doesn't succeed? Similarly to Svend Andersen's comment below, I really like the Escher-esque poster, and would pay $5 or $10 for a digital version in a vector format or a print-quality-dpi image. (International shipping makes it unlikely I would get a physical add-on version.) Have you considered making the mp3/artbook/strategy guide into add-ons? With my game backlog, I'm happy to get the game when it comes out, and don't think I'll have time to contribute meaningfully to a beta test; but this means that I have not, as yet, convinced myself that it is a good idea to hand over effectively $35 for a pdf art book. :) I would recommend that those of us on Facebook leave a little note about the game in a status update, and try to spread the word. This looks like a very interesting project and I would love to see it funded. yay thanks RPS @Lewis - Looking at charts like that usually shows that there are many people who are watching the project and in the last few days is the last chance for them to choose whether to support or not. Games like Starlight Inception did get support from people like TotalBiscuit/TotalHalibit half way through the campaign. Looking that the charts does heavily suggest the psychology of kickstarters and backers. I wonder if in a few year someone can create an equation of a system which can almost guarantee a successful campaign (assuing the project/product is good). Will there be a coke bottle? @Joe/Roxlou: Ah, should have clarified, I looked it up and saw that your twitter handle was Panda Mittens. At that point I figured that you had done something like that and let my budding reservations go. Like I said, I'm really interested in what you wind up doing in this game, and I'm hoping for the best. @Shane - Actually, according to Kickstarter's stats, Unwritten has a ~94% chance of being funded at this point. <url>~$1000 each day, which would require 75 days (obviously) to fund, as opposed to the 30 currently allocated. Unless, by some miracle, the project suddenly jumps to ~$6000 each day for the next week, there's no way in hell that we hit the goal. I'd love to start seeing plans for when the goal isn't met rather than optimism for a near-impossible feat. Bit disconcerting to see the Amazon payments confirmation say I was paying Panda Mittens instead of Roxlou, but man this game looks great. I'm not big on tactical RPGs, but I love reactive narratives! Hoping this makes it... I really want this game to get funded, it looks great! The RPS interview seems to have helped already. I think the RPS interview helped on that. Now it just needs a Totalbiscuit video, and hopefully RPS & TB can do for Unwritten what they did for Maia. I'm seeing an encouraging increase in momentum today. Let's hope this keeps up! :) Let's get this Kickstarter lickstarted! The Kickstarter Katchup seems to have helped. I think you've got a great box quote right here: "The failure of Unwritten to gain traction baffles me." - RPS 700 backers and counting... 1k yesterday... Hum... We need to have that one around 35k for thursday, I think. Then, if the great gods of kickstarter are with us, we shall see the Divine Flood of the Last Five Days putting us in the safe zone. :) this is really suprising that more people havent jumped on this. im confused... Ha, lickstarter. Kickstarter*, stupid autocorrect. Why would anyone ever want to type lickstarter? I really hope this lickstarter succeeds, the game looks fun! Strange. Really strange. This an awesome game, made by awesome people, but there aren't that much enthousiasm and I don't see what could really turn things around, put aside some more exposure. Hit a wall, or just the mid-campaign blues. There's still plenty of time to turn it around with a few more awesome updates like the last one and some additional (well-deserved) attention. Maybe the project needs more development drama. Or Zelda cosplay. Or some kind of offensive collectible. looks as if we have hit a wall Really cool song. Pledge upped for the soundtrack. I love the direction Julian is planning for it--it's not something you often hear in games. I'll look forward to the art update. :) Great :) Can't wait. Is the art update coming soon ? It would be helpful, right now. Looks like the new Kickstarter katchup from RockPaperShotgun helped push Unwritten a little further :D Oh I was answered just a bit ago. Whups >.< Why is this not funded yet. I am confused >.< Just found out about this game from staff picks for today heres hoping you make it. Looks like a great game. I'm looking forward to the art update when it comes. It would be awesome if you could do an update that features the music at some point too. For a lot of people, game soundtrack has become a major selling point and what you've shown us so far promises to be really good. Also, would it be possible to get some backer icons/avatars so those of us who only have the blue blobs next to our names could swap that out to do some advertising across the boards. :) I have a great name for the god in the mountain... You've also made it past the 500 backers :) OK, I can't say I still have many questions after the gameplay update, but maybe some information on the special ability of units and on the lore could prove useful. I'm thinking of the shamans in particular : what kind of magic do they have at disposal ? Same with the warriors ? About the lore, I'm still thinking of my precious critters, if there are any. Could be great to meet some kind of behemoth along the way... It started so promising, but this seems to have stalled. What happened? From looking at other projects, past and present, it looks like posting frequent updates keeps the campaign in the minds of pledgers, shows curious browsers there's activity in the community and it would also provide information for us to spread around. hmm funding has slowed down a bit... We should get more active in promoting this to make it succeed, it looks awesome! You're about a third of the way through! Backer 404 not found! :D Great update. It clarifies a lot, while making it pretty apparent that I've never played anything quite like this, commonalities with FTL and Oregon Trail notwithstanding. I'd love to hear a couple more tracks before the end of the campaign, if that's possible. What I've heard so far sounds perfect. So ... you're making Caveman Oregon Trail? Just chiming in to say I absolutely love the art / visuals. What an amazing idea you had! Thanks for the explanation. I look forward to the update. Unwritten was featured in the Kickstarter Katchup at RPS with some kind words from Adam. Thank you for the information and I hope the game gets funding :) What will the digital strategy guide look like? I have seen the concept art and heard the music in the video but I am curious about the guide. However I understand if you guys are not ready to show it off. Great :) I am the hardcore past-hardcore type. You can make it hell and it won't be enough for me :) Is there different mode ? Like easy, normal, hard or something more exotic ? Like "Make the route to your god with half of the normal number of roxlous (cool name by the way :) ) ? Or larger map than usual ? I can't wait to know more about those abilities. Also do units have attributes for combat ? Like strength or willpower ? @Lewis I've asked something like that some days ago. They said they will answer gameplay and art questions in updates coming early next week. Unwritten is exactly the sort of game project I like to see on Kickstarter--inventive gameplay with a setting, art style and theme that haven't been done before. I was holding off on backing until I'd heard a bit more (and received my first KS game, which is coming in a few days), but I figured I'd just back now and ask for more details myself. What I'd like to see and hear more about is the kind of play that happens on the map. Clearly you move units around. What will they encounter in terms of resources, other tribes, dangers, enemies, etc.? How does improving your tribe affect how you can play the game? Will there be variation sufficient to support alternate strategies? How will battles play out? Judging by the map, I'm envisioning a sort of "traveling" Heroes of Might and Magic-style battle, not at all limited to just fighting, of course. Am I way off there? Can you walk me through it? @Creator This is a very cool concept, I wish you guys luck. I would dearly like the soundtrack and the digital artbook but unfortunately $70 is a lot more than I can afford; I think you priced the digital layer a bit too high . Nonetheless can't wait to see what you will create. We obviously had a new and awesome backer among us :) Congratulations ! You've just bought all the future games of Roxlou :) Ok that bit about the carrier pigeon and growing legends over generations is just absurdly cool. <3 I love the concept that the story isn't just central to the game, it is the game. Definitely looking forward to this, and loving the idea that failure will simply add to your story. I do have two questions. Will succession-type games be possible for multiple players? Dwarf Fortress allows for some incredible fan-made stories because players can trade the savegames and play as a succession of rulers. The generational idea would play off that even more, allowing a new player for each generation. It'd be interesting to see what sort of story would be built by the "legends" of each failed player, and how they impact the new players. Will there be a replay option for the story which combines all the fragments? A long playthrough, or even a succession-type playthrough, would build an interesting story whose details you may not remember clearly. A lengthy succession game in particular would build an interesting story. Oooh, I like it. That's awesome. Thanks for the quick responses to the flood of questions. Seeing a project like this has my hopes high. Last one before I think of more, I promise: Any chance of a local "graveyard" feature? You know, like "Bones" levels in Nethack; randomized elements mentioning your former playthroughs, as rumors, or destroyed camps, or anything like that? Awesome. Those were mostly the kinds of answers I was expecting/hoping for. With the disasters some game's engines have been lately, it always bears asking, though. Don't get me wrong, if gameplay is compelling, I don't need fancy graphics, it's just ingrained to think about that stuff automatically. Also on that side of questions, multi-monitor support? Interface customization? A lot of this stuff, from my experience, turns out to be major make or break stuff for long term viability of a game, which, if you hope to expand or have a sequel, stuff that makes you not suffer when replaying is gold. As much as a cool concept, cool artwork, and challenging, diverse gameplay can win a core audience, accessibility and comfort features can really help something take root, and frequently it's stuff that just got overlooked early on and became a nightmare to implement at a later date since it wasn't a core functionality. Also, one other thing I see people ask for a lot: Color-blind mode? This seems untouched so far, and it's both near and dear to my heart, and (likely) fairly moot for me. Expected system requirements, both minimum and optimal? I mean, a lot of strategy games tend to basically whale on CPU's. Support for more than two threads? Possibility of a Streamer option to limit cores through GUI instead of having to mess with affinities as much, since x264 is a beast? Also, just some more thoughts, (I love hardware, I'm terrible with code and art), are you expecting SLI/CFX support? (Or any need for it?) Any chance of an optional multiplayer mode? If you're looking for ideas for rewards that are attractive to backers and that have only limited cost in the early and most risky part of game development (which is where you are now), one that has become somewhat popular on Kickstarter is to offer the game's first expansion as an addon for, say, $10. This only works if you actually wish to create expansions for the game of course, but the advantage is that it costs you nothing until you've already got the game out on the market, and it brings in much needed cash at an early stage. I'd also make things like the soundtrack and strategy guide into optional add-ons in addition to the reward levels you've got today. This gives backers more of a chance to mix and match rewards they like best, reducing the risk that someone skips a higher reward because it contains things they don't want. Just the first ideas that popped into my head. I've been in your shoes before (well, not on Kickstarter, but I started my own game company several years ago and ran it into the ground after 3 years. Oh well, they can't all be successes ;) ), so I wish you good luck! I know how exhausting it can all be. :) I wouldn't do any physical rewards beyond the upper levels of backers if I were you. All the companies that ship physical rewards tend to be very surprised by how much time and money it takes. In any case, this project really appeals to me, so I'm now officially a backer. I have also spread the word on Facebook and on a couple of forums. If I can make one suggestion, it would be for you to be a bit more specific about how the game will play. Right now the front page is a bit vague. yeah fair point, thanks for the quick reply. any chance of any physical collectors editions? i would defiantly up my pledge for that. Anyway the concept looks great and im excited. :) Since you cover the fact that it's a rogue-like, will the tools include any "easy" settings for creating popular Roguelike modules for the game? For instance, if someone wanted to do a Nethack port into the engine, would it be about as easy as any other mod? Some suggestions and questions to keep this thing going as much as possible :) : What are the different units in the game ? Fighters ? Healers ? Or some different tribes with different abilities ? What are these abilities ? What kind of random events are you thinking to include ? Ambush ? Meeting with other clans ? Strange things wandering in the tundra ? Is there Fantasy things that we could meet in there ? ===> Please answer to these in an update. That's the best way to reach and convince backers. Oh, and send some concept arts, if you can. that's always helpful to represent how things will be in the game. I really like the artistic direction your taking. However you might want give your pledgers some additional options for acquiring the extra's like the digital art book. I'd be interested in acquiring it, but not at a minimum $70 buy in. Backed. Looks interesting and remember a bit King of Dragon Pass Wow, I came here via your RPS editorial, which really hit a nerver. The concepts hit all the important points for me. I can't wait to try it :) Fascinating project. I must say that I had a look on this since a certain article on gamasutra and I really hope that you will crush your goal with it.