David Muñoz de la Peña Sequedo is working on final layout as I type BUT I will give you a peek of some of the 99% finished versions in just a bit. @ Marc - Sorry, don't look on your porch tomorrow morning. You'll be disappointed :-) Regarding the AFV art file, you can't see all the images? @ Andrew - Ron Volstad is still slotted to complete the cover. As for the rules, there is no dedicated artist as we have one common backdrop behind the text and then images of cards throughout for the examples. We have already posted, both before and after the freezing of the $265k, that we intend to proceed with printing both Up Front and Airborne In Your Pocket. The art is proceeding wonderfully as you have seen from posts here and on BGG by Brad. We have posted the updated rules and responded to your input to those rules. Some of you may not feel that art is enough to show progress but that is what is going on for the production of the game presently. Art is a BIG part of this game. @ all - Please keep in mind, with the unfortunate turn for the worse in Ron Volstad's health, we were forced to find new artists in very short notice :-( We have added Peter Dennis, Steve Noon, Stephen Walsh, Adam Hook, Gerry Embleton and Sigve Solberg so far and still waiting on a few more to decide. We hope to post some of Sigve Norwegians shortly here, Gerry is doing the Italians right now, Peter is working on the Australians, Steve is working on the Japanese, Adam is just starting the Soviets and Stephen is tackling the 101st. But please understand, this IS a delay and artists simply cannot drop everything and pick up work for Up Front :-( @ kduce42 - not for some time still. We have learned from Airborne and D-Day Dice that our customers move A LOT. It is very time consuming dealing with all the address changes and can be minimized simply by sending out the survey later. Thank you everyone for an amazing run. This was by far our most intensive campaign and we could not have done it without you the supporters and our team of experts and consultants. Our hats go off to all of you. Now let's get to production! @ Andy - we don't send the survey until after the campaign and after funds have been collected. Happy New Year from Calgary and Radiant Gaming. Best wishes to all in the coming new year. @ Christopher - Rik AND Torben :-) @ Teamski - Like we said, we wanted to get you the bag as much as you all wanted it :-) Be sure to stay tuned for future Radiant Gaming Kickstarter projects so we can take care of you again in the future :-) @ Esoba - I'll ask when I send the email :-) @ Esoba - There will be no limit on Canada or US for FSSF but we will differentiate on the cards for the following reason; The Canadians wore their own uniform until the issue of US stuff. Even after that, on the American dress uniform, Canadians wore CANADA insignia on the collar lapels, EM on a collar disc that read CANADA and officers a plain CANADA where American officers wore the U.S. device. Unofficially, officers retained bits and pieces of regimental kit to the end of the war/disbandment of the FSSF in late 1944, but usually only wore it on home leave. Otherwise, outwardly, there was supposed to be no way to tell. However... Canadians were not permitted to wear the Combat Infantry Badge, and were paid differently than their American counterparts, so there were definitely distinctions, though outwardly, the combat uniform was the same, and the two nationalities were integrated. The right to wear the CIB was granted about 60 years after the war. In theory Canadians were supposed to be half the force but I think were only about 1/3 during the fighting in Italy. @ John - You will all receive full retail copies. @ Darren - the minor nationalities will be in tuck boxes for retail sales. @ Milan - That is correct. You will indicate what you bought on the post-campaign survey that we send out. @ Ray - Why yes, you can up your amount a bit. Simply adjust your pledge :-) Base game $49.95 5 major action expansions and Devil's Brigade $25 to $30ish each Minor nationalities and other expansions $12 to $15ish each @ will - Yes, over a few years. We cannot release all this at once as most store owners would not appreciate that. @ Michael N. - If you are in the US, then yes you would pledge $120. @ Esoba - Yes :-) @ Daniel - We will NOT release the rules to the public for proof reading. We might as well change the release date to 2113 then :-). Unfortunately, too many people know the written language best and we would just have forum after forum of people commenting on how their suggestion for grammar was not adopted. We'll release it for all to see once it's done and if we catch some GLARING errors, great, but format and grammar will be pretty closed. This isn't, after all, a literary essay but rules for a game :-) @ Tommy - FAQ updated. @ Darren - Action cards will remain standard 62 x 88. They are held in a hand and they need to be full sized. As for opaque sleeves, you can't do that with personality, weapon or AFV cards as they have information on both sides so availability of opaque cards in this smaller size was not a consideration. Yikes! All's quiet on the front, I decide to take kids out to spend some Christmas money from grandparents and I come back to the sound of machine gun fire!?! Two pages of comments to catch up on :-) @ Bruno - Oops, as soon as I hit send I realized you meant TOTAL, not additional. :-) @ Bruno - ?!? We have $46,020 to the bag and $46,202/$148 = 311 more backers required. 104/day. We are trying to work with Mayday game to see if they will produce a premium sleeve for the 54 x 80 cards. @ Kevin - :-) We wouldn't have gone with a size that didn't have sleeves available. @ Matt - Done. We HAD final art for Personality cards until we posted the art for the AFVs and then everyone liked the art posted by Lana Knoll. With so much resounding support for her design, we asked her to join us and help us work to a nice continuity across all cards based on what we had and what she did. Then came Christmas... So, hopefully tonight we will show a Personality card (non-final because we are putting MUCH thought and effort into these cards) but it will show enough of the beauty for people to feel comfortable with how the cards will look. @ "number crunchers" - We have it currently trending towards $299k with a 28.7% 4-day push and only $234k if we maintain the current 7-day moving average of $4,587/day. @ Erik - you can do that. Your example would then cost $125 + $45 + $115 + $25 + $80 + $25 = $415 You will have the opportunity to indicate this in the post-campaign survey. @ Andre - to a maximum of 2 additional copies. @ soulchief - Note that you will NOT get the Soviets, French, Italians, Japanese and British though. The $40 tier only gets base game (Germans and Americans) and all stretch rewards. @ soulchief - All of them. Really you say?!? Yes! Tell your friends! :-) Oh, and our model averages the last 7 days BEFORE the 4-day push so that $1471 day really affected our model. Our forecast tool has us trending towards $298k as ours is NOT linear and compensates for a big 4 day push (historically between 20.5% and 34.4% of final funding raised for other "big" Kickstarted board games). But, it's just a forecast and if it's wrong, we''ll tweak it based on this campaign's results and do another campaign :-) @ Henrik - Welcome to the Army! You will state your choice of nationalities on the post-campaign survey that we send out. We will not be using any language symbols on the cards. This is an English edition of the game. We will, however, use nationality specific ranks. @ Shane - If you write a good scneario with him in it, it might just happen :-) Sorry, I meant "past years" :-) Regarding scenarios, a few members of the team are dedicated to looking through all the scenarios over the past year and determining which ones to consider and which to discard. Then, we need permission to use them. However, we are also considering putting out a "call for submissions" shortly for three categories; General Scenarios Historical Scnearios Historical Campaigns We will offer prizes to all who's submissions we choose to publish. Should be fun! @ James and Roar - Correct, sorry about that. Mislinked a file :-( @ Mark J - Man, we've been saying, "no pun intended" for months now. Its crazy :-) @ Marc ADDA - No extra cash, correct. It is a risk that we have calculated will generate enough for the bag and then more. Remember, the sooner we get the bag, the more time people have to finally decide, "OK, I just can't resist." We are selling the D-Day Dice bag for $25 and it moves VERY well. @ Charles - Last two weeks are critical! Post too early and people forget and we get TONS of post-campaign emails from people saying "I missed out, how can I get on board?". Post too late and people don't have time to react or spread the word and we get TONS of post-campaign emails from people saying "I missed out, how can I get on board?" One thing's for sure, we're gonna get lots of email once the campaign is over :-) @ Charles - Should be on tablet first, we think. Find us a good developer that isn't back-logged by two years and we'll get this out on tablets next year too :-) Sorry Marc, stupid auto spell check :-( @ Marc ADDAMS - yes, group tokens for all nations. Regarding extras to buy - Yes, this would DEFINITELY bring up the total BUT that is a false total. Those extras that get purchased also have to be printed. In addition, not only 1024 as of the time I write this but we have minimums to print at the printer. This is where some Kickstarter campaigns suffer financially. So in this campaign, if we added say Korea, Indo-China and Arab-Israeli wars for purchase, we would get to $200k overnight. But then, we are committed to printing USMC, Folgore, SS and leather rulebook AND Korea, Indo-China and Arab-Israili wars. However, that money is just enough for us to print USMC, Folgore, SS and leather rulebook and we are forced to print 3500 copies minimum of the additional wars too. @ Sayburr - Pretty darned good ;-) @ matt - BUT, that is why we are including extra tokens. Before, you could only ever play one game at a time. Now, however, you can be using two different decks and four people can be playing. Even with extra tokens, this was not possibly in original. @ John - That was quick! :-) @ Marc ADDA - For ONE additional game, yes. For multiple, please contact me as the game with all cards is coming in at almost 15 lbs now! Not many games at that weight can be absorbed free of charge :-) @ Charles - We've created one and will offer it to all the BGG supporters at campaign end. @ Teamski and Marc - But, there are always optional rules... Hypothetically, in DYO you could introduce additional terrain cards so at the beginning of the game you could take all terrain cards, shuffle them together and then just put the original number of cards back in. Yes, this would change the balance of RNCs but this is war, who can really calculate the end result? Card counting is more difficult this way too. Anyways, this wouldn't be for tournament play but for DYO and certain scenarios. @ Marc ADDA - Agreed and implemented. You'll see in the next few days as we start to show sneak peaks of the Action Cards. Well, since we are all on the stats thing now, if we were in the last 4 days of the campaign now, and extrapolated from the last 4 day performance of D-Day Dice (29.5% of total in last 4 days) and Airborne (20.5% of total in last 4 days) and, assuming that the higher a campaign is at in the last few days results in a higher end push, Up Front should get to $194. 826 IF there were only 4 days left. Now, we have LOTS of teasers coming - Rules, Terrain Cards, AFV cards, surprise appearance by Devil's Brigade (oops, was that my out loud voice?). So, if we take our LOWEST daily gain of $1350 and apply it over the next 18 days, we get to $153,313 before the end 4 day push. Then, the last 4 days should get us to between $231,522 and $275,131. So, this is BASIC example of what goes on behind the scenes here in order to calculate IF we can offer more free stuff at some point and when to do it. @ Marc ADDA - Yes, Ron Volstad paints, with brush and paint, all the soldiers. That is how we can offer the original boards to pledgers in the COL tier. @ Pharmpro - agreed it is holding things back a bit and it is unfortunate. There will be MANY disappointed people in the world that will see UP FRONT on the shelves and wish they had supported here so they'd have all the expansions in hand rather than waiting for them to be released. Thank you to all our supporters to date and here's to hoping we can really ramp things up moving forwards. @ Jacob - Yes, you get two copies of EVERYTHING. Tiers now open... We intend to keep the US airborne cards reserved for the Band of Brothers, sorry. That is just too cool not to do! @ Teamski - Regarding action backs, yes they will have appropriate backs for their deck. Winter will have winter on the back etc... @ Brian and Philip - Yes, it is a larger gap but by that time, people will be seeing that they get $300+ value in game material and rulebook for $125. We have chosen to offer many goodies early to make the campaign look better sooner. We still hava a month to go so spread the word! :-) @ Dustin - But that's what the canvas carrying bag is for :-) However, the base game has a box, all 5 additional major nationalities has a smaller box and all minor nationalities already come in a tuck box. @ AnotherHorrorFan - Oops, my bad (and terribly sorry for the misinterpretations NasosP)! Yes, the AFV cards will be 70 x 110mm @ NasosP - Margin of 10mm? We are using bigger cards because we are using the space to put the information for AFVs. They are not bigger just because we wanted to but to make the information less crowded. @ Richard - They know UP FRONT is coming. There WILL be a re-run :-) We are working with them to bring you your sleeves at $300k @ Jacob & Sam - 70 x 100 is a standard sleeve size by MayDay Games <url>"US residents only" is sold out now. The M/SGT tier which, "Ships worldwide" is unlimited and is the same thing. I just had to make another identical tier because international customers were not comfortable pledging and stating "US resident" even though the address is actually collected at campaign end by a survey. @ Christopher - The $150+ of free stuff just for pledging as little as $40 is the big incentive to newcomers between $200k and $300k. @ Chistopher - Processing.......... @ Christopher - Ohhhhhhh (bright light comes on over head)! A nice felt roll-out with UP FRONT on it! Maybe 48" x 18"? Hmmm.... @ Christopher - The cards will be pretty darned close to Dominion already. I can't say exact because I will not be using that printer and card stock varies so much from printer to printer. Also, I don't know what weight the core material or art paper is for Dominion so I can't say, "just like Dominion". We would rather provide some more small expansions than better card stock as you would expect a good product right out of the gates no? @ Paul - No LFL on this one as we really intended to put out as much as possible in this campaign. Regarding rulebook, the leather rulebook is a bonus. You still get all the rules in each of the boxes. @ Teamski - If all goes well, we get the Fins BEFORE he new tiers get released and then immediately see the Greeks right behind :-) @ Jorge - There are a few expansions in the oven currently that will likely see Kickstarter exposure within a year or so. @ AnotherHorrorFan - Sorry. Yes, we will trickle that stretch reward nations into game stores over a year or two. @ AnotherHorrorFan - The statement at the end of each nationality not yet reached will be as follows, "There is some risk that the SS stretch reward is not reached but we feel it will be reached based on the progress of the campaign thus far. If it is NOT reached, we will refund you the $100 and move you into M/Sgt." @ Paul - Yes :-) However, all rules will be compiled into the big rulebook if we reach it so you won't have to carry around a bunch of small rulebooks all the time. Regarding sleeved card storage - already planning to have storage capable of sleeved and unsleeved cards :-) @ Mark J - Correct :-) Correct, currently the base game comes with just enough for 2 players. Offically looking into it :-) Thank Matt. Yup and yup :-) @ Rocco - Correct. You need to adjust your pledge and add the shipping. Thanks. @ Neal - I posted that I have asked all existing pledgers of those tiers for what nationality they would prefer. When all of them get back to me, I'll post an update. Sorry, can't open tiers for what might not be available. @ James - It is a balance of card count and demand. If we released all the "cool" nationalities first, there would be no push for the higher tiers necessarily. Yes, there is the push for $200k and the leather rules but if we reach that then it doesn't matter what order they are :-) But, what if we don't get close to the $200k level? Then, at least there's push for the 89 card Greeks at $100k or the 150 card Airborne Pack at $130k or the 103 card Poles at $150... @ Jorge - No. The campaign is designed to turn the funds into products. If we don't reach those goals, those armies will likely not see their way to publication for some time. The rulebook will ONLY be available to Kickstarter supporters. A later all-inclucsive one may be published later but it would not be hard bound like the exclusive one. @ Nevermore - I have said that already but will say it again. THE FUNDS FOR THE KICKSTARTER CAMPAIGN ARE GOING TO BE COMPLETELY OUT OF THE REACH OF VALLEY GAMES AND ITS PARTNERS. They are different companies under different ownership. UP FRONT has been funded and will be released. Now, it's just a matter of who wants the game WITH all stretch rewards as opposed to just the base game next year from their usual source and then wait while all the expansions trickle into the market. IF there was risk to this project, it would have been specified in the risks section. Since there is no risk to Radiant Gaming, it was not put there. Radiant Darkstart Productions (the full name under which all Kickstarts are run by us) is the mother company who brought you D-Day Dice and Airborne In Your Pocket. D-Day Dice simply had a Valley Games logo on the boxes for brand recognition on the shelves in the store. @ Jorge - Planning our statement currently. As for expansions, you can't imagine how much has been and is currently being developed for Up Front by our team. However, with this going on we don't fell the campaign will reach anywhere near what we hoped. Consequently, our loyal backers and true UP FRONT fans may lose out and miss much of what could have been :-( @ James - Yes it will :-) Unfortunately, our web developer was not able to get it done in time for BGG Con and the launch of Kickstarter project. It will be live LONG before the end of the campaign. @ Paul Cooper - No, as the suit is against Valley Games and NOT Radiant Gaming. Two different companies. @ Robin Lees - This is correct and Radian Gaming is officially fine with this. If we had not publicly stated already that we are shipping internationally, then that would be a concern. However, since we ARE allowing international shipping and you ARE expected to add your shipping costs to your pledge, we are fine if you state you are in the US and just pledge. When we send out the post-campaign survey, you will then state your address there. @ Len - If you want multiples of a tier (excluding limited quantity tiers) just pledge twice the amount for a tier and then indicate on the post-campaign survey how many copies you pledged for. @ Snow - They are COMPLETE additional armies to play with in the game. You can play Norway vs. Finland if you want. Canada vs. Germany etc... @ Siskin - $49.95 an $26.95 for MAJOR nations. Varied for MINOR stretch nations. That's why we are going until Jan 2. Still lots of time to get Christmas money before you get charged :-) Also, it gives everyone a chance to spend their day off New Years Day hitting F5 to see if we can hit $400k (fingers crossed) :-) We will look at the sound, we are currently at BGG Con tethered to a booth! We will get to the computer shortly here and fix the problem! 8 years ! Honestly at this stage it’s just some form of nostalgia. I come from time to time, post something and then come back later. Seriously what should we do for the 10 years? Should we do a global zoom call just for us, the backers ? Let me know, we have 2 years to prepare for the Up Front Kickstarter 10 year anniversary edition. Best Yes, dont be a dick... nope! Any news ? So, where is my refund, Rick? I doubt Phil owns the rights to Up Front. Phil only did what anyone owed a large sum of money would do. It is completely on Rik and company's back when they tried to transfer assets illegally between the two company entities, product that should have gone to Phil as collateral and IIRC was specifically named as such in the loan terms. Nah A new parcel has arrived, could this be ? How people treat you is their karma; how you react is yours. I believe Mr. Falch will have some karma issues. wants, not what's yes, but what were Phil's plans for the game? it already had exposure to the general public so you think they could have come to some sort of agreement. i will NEVER by anything Up Front from anybody. it is dead to me. i think the best thing to do is inquire of phil of what his intentions are of the copyright. i presume he still owns it. and if phil what's a little more money to refloat this project, are you going to send him more? Screwed over to the tune of several hundred thousand dollars as I recall. So a bit unfair to call Phil "slimy". Sounds as if he too was screwed over by Rick? and i own my ASL collection from Multi Man Publishing, so f*** Up Front. he was also the owner of the copyright of Up Front. he was the guy that sued because he didn't "get his". and through all this garbage, it looks like the lawyers ended up with the bulk of the cash. i didn't know funds in dispute were allowed to be used to hire lawyers.... of course, nobody loves and respects the law like lawyers so no doubt they deserve that money. Phil as in Phil Sauer, someone who lent Valley a ton of money then filed suit to get it paid back around the same time this project launched. Who's Phil? slimey Phil.. slimey Rick.. ha! and phil.. the other slime. Hey everyone! Hope you are all staying safe and healthy! All except you Rik Falch, you lying thief! I hope whatever finally kills you hurts like hell and takes a long time. Be constructive. Kickstarter ,I want my money back please! Where is this criminal hiding now? Last I heard he was in Austraila. Patience, these things are routinely delayed. May Rik Falch have uncontrollable bouts of diarrhea accompanied by unexpected attacks of sneezing May Dick Falch bite his tongue today!!! Don't bring religion into this Dick!!! Full refund? From whom? Dick Falch? Kickstarter? Good Luck......... phil.. the other slime. Igor: "It could be worse." Digging out a grave Dr. Frankenstein: "Igor, How could this get any worse?" Digging beside him. Igor: "Could be raining!" Downpour ensues.. I had an argument with Phil on PM and he said he would use the money to start a new campaign if this failed. Yeah like f***k he did. Got his money and ran. Any news, I am starting to be worried. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfil." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. But don't forget Phil is also the Bastard who waited till Rick had our money then used the courts to take it off him. Phils is in his rights but he sat and waited till he knew he could get money - he fully knew he was taking our money. Legally all above board - somewhat disgusting in my opinion. Who knew "gamers" could be such creepy bastards. The Christians? Hey everyone, just dropped by to say hi, good luck, and to state again for the record that Rik is a thief and a liar! Have a great 2020! I won't be spending anymore money on this game title. NO game is worth this aggravation. I received my Wargame Vault copy and its wonderful! May Ric rot in hell. Hoping to get this under my Christmas tree this year! Shipping starts after the Chinese New Year! Oh... The memories... Being conned by Rik. Still hoping in the years thereafter. And nowadays, remembering this Kickstarter as being the only one of two that lost me 160$. The other being Farmageddon but that's a story for a different comment section... Rik : may you have (some day) an enormous attack of diarrhea. And 2 big fingers! Did anyone receive their copy yet? I can't wait to play this game. Little Johnny to Santa: "Dear Santa, I've been a really good boy this year and I only want one thing and that's to get a copy of Upfront the game." Santa to Little Johnny: "Dream on Johnny, that bastard Rik took my money and screwed my out of thousands of copies so you ain't getting nothing this year!" Santa grumbles under his breath: "I think I have something better than coal to give Rik this year.... heeheehee!" Little Johnny to Santa: "What was that Santa?" Santa to Little Johnny: "oh nothing.... now get the hell off my lap!" In the immortal words of Clark W. Griswold Jr.: "WORSE?!?!? How can things get any worse?!?!? Take a look around you Ellen! We're at the threshold of Hell!" Ho Ho Ho, Santa here and I have a little surprise for Rik that I will be leaving in his stocking. This will only take a minute... Let me take this damn coat off and unbuckle this huge belt. Now let me unzip these huge red pants and grab this lovely red stocking I have here for Rik and grunt........grunt....... GRUNT!!!!!!!! AWWWWWWW There we go... now isn't that a huge smelly Chistmas miracle. Damn that stinks. Well Santa must be going now up the chimney but I hope Rik likes his gift. WOW that smells... I have to speak with Mrs. Claus about that chilly. My momma once told me, "Life is like a box of Chocolates, you never know what you'll get..." Well I'll never actually know what I'll get because Rik stole my box of Chocolates and now I have nothing! Thanks! This made me laugh out loud. cool poem. but I think greed killed this project. by the man who thought he had the right and even more so, by the man who owned (and still does) the rights. the current owner of Up Front figures he has even bigger plans for this obsolete game title. wtf?? “I invoke the other's protection, the other's return: let the other appear, take me away, like a mother who comes looking for her child, from this worldly brilliance, from this social infatuation, let the other restore to me "the religious intimacy, the gravity" of the lover's world. (X once told me that love had protected him against worldliness: coteries, ambitions, advancements, interferences, alliances, secessions, roles, powers: love had made him into a social catastrophe, to his delight.)” ― Roland Barthes, A Lover's Discourse: Fragments I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I agree, but we can at least voice our dissatisfaction. if we can read and write about this crap for the rest of our lives, so can he. for all of kickstarter's consumerism, I've learned that it's a double edged sword. kickstarter at least will NEVER pull this campaign down. we're free to write about this shit FOREVER! I'm not sure why everyone is "invoking their 'rights' under Kickstarter." (1) Kickstarter is the wild west of consumerism, essentially caveat emptor--i.e., you have no rights; (2) Rik moved to Australia and is not within any United States or State judicial district's jurisdiction, so you have no legal recourse against him (probably part of the reason the piece of trash moved out of the country); (3) the money is gone--he scammed all of us out of money to use it to pay off a legal judgment against him, pay his lawyers, and flee the country to Australia with is family. You'd have better luck pooling your money for an international hitman. I keed, I keed. Hi Rik, to quote the immortal words of Jeff Spicoli "You dick!" So, interesting thing happened today, I heard the doorbell out of the blue. I ran up stairs from the basement of my mom's house and threw open the door. Well, I wouldn't actually say I ran since at 51 I'm not as fast as I use to be. To my surprise I say and box labeled radiant games. Well this WAS a surprise and I scooped it up and hobbled down stairs to my lair. Of course I did the normal scan for trip wires and such. After finding no booby traps "I said booby.... heeheehee", I opened the box and found a game box with the title Up Front on it. Wait, this can't be true, was I really getting the game after all these years.... it was a miracle! A true sign! An act of.... no wait.... this can't be right.... there's something wrong here... oh yeah... just another one of those weird dreams where you think everything is great and you are completely let down. Thanks RIk... amazing how you can screw us even in our dreams. hahahhahahahhahahahahahhahaha.................;( Hi Dick head Rik, I hope you choke on all the money you stole you massive piece of shit! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I will also report this project to the FBI Internet Fraud Division. this was my second and i didn't really want it anyway, but with all of the add-ons, who could pass it up? I forgot about this until I was updating the campaigns I've received. This was a said day, and my first campaign that went down the tubes. Oh, I’m kidding. :-) But thank you for the link - it was very kind of you. Christopher, on the off-chance that you are not kidding, you're best best for playing Up Front again is here: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I'm only out 370 buckaroos. Yippeee. actually, about $750 and climbing. and kickstarter is losing me. I've been a part of going on about 8 failed campaigns. i'd say i'm out about close to $500. It's crazy! They say they do enforce their terms of Use BUT can't force anyone to comply! WTF. Lawyers have it sewed up nicely for KS (and RF)...Oh, man - Lawyers, got to love 'em. I'm lovin' it, Raging Robot! We have to get our money's worth somehow! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. AND IT'S SO MUCH A LIE THAT IF THIS RIK FALCH GUY WANTED TO RUN ANOTHER KICKSTARTER CAMPAIGN, KICKSTARTER WOULD LET HIM DO IT! so how do they actually enforce their terms of use? I only ask because I THINK IT'S A LIE! I think I'm all better now...yes! I'm much better now! What was that? Found this while reminiscing through my other defunct projects (Blackout: journeys in Darkness and Zero Agents). This from Blackout From Support (Kickstarter) ..."While we can and do enforce our terms of use, we can't force anyone to complete their project of even issue a refund." There coming to take me away today, today, today to the funny farm... Ahhh...Classic Shenanigans. Thanks for the info. Good one. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount please say high: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I request a full refund for my pledge amount. Credit my CC I invoke my rights under Kickstarter’s Terms of Use: <url>‘Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill.’ I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount Seems like a good way to raise hell.. when we want it raised. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amoun Is this copy paste working for any of you? Seems pointless. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount isn't this fun? to talk about some non existent shit for the rest of our lives? I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount How about the guy who brought the lawsuit? He's the one who blocked the whole project. So Up Front is dead. Dead to me forever. Neither creator or owner will get another dime from me. In fact, I'd say they owe me a dime, a whole bunch of them. Funded over five years ago, this project is living testimony that Rik Falch is a thief and a liar. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount Are you reading these Kickstarter staff? These are your fucking rules and you are doing nothing about it! You suck! The sad thing is Kickstarter is sitting there listening and going "I hear something but it just sounds like white noise.... oh well, continue with what you are doing people.... make us money and ignore the rest!" I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount DOESN'T IT MAKE YOU SICK THAT EVEN THE LAWYERS FELT ENTITLED TO THIS MONEY?? I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount ! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. have to agree with you, although Phil was legally entitled to what he did, he knew that he was essentially stealing the pledges from KS funders, as you say he waited until there was money to claim before suing (as everyone suing does). I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount No, it's an empty act of protest. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. $160.00 This really sucks. The first and only time I´ve been ripped-off and it happends within the boardgaming hobby. I wouldn´t have thought that. Time for another update? I think so. Not a clue if this will actually help, but why not? I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount Hey Rik, You must not have read the first two lines of Kickstarter's Terms of use: 1, Don’t break the law. Don’t take any action that infringes or violates other people’s rights, violates the law, or breaches any contract or legal duty you have toward anyone. 2. Don’t lie to people. Don’t post information you know is false, misleading, or inaccurate. Don’t do anything deceptive or fraudulent. You're a big piece of shit! I wan't my money back! What is really bad is two backer actually lost $3,500 in this scam! Yes, SCAM!!!! Kickstarter: This was a scam from the beginning and you guys should be on the hook for it! The sad thing is Kickstarter doesn't give a shit about us because they got their money and have moved on. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Not that it will help, but... I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount The Heroes of Normandie card game situation reminded me to check this one. No much news. I have to say that what bother me as of today is the parcels delivery costs from WargameVault to Europe. Otherwise i am quite over this one. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Hey Rik, in case you've forgotten? You're a thief. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Has anyone actually received their money back from KS (or other sources) as a result of the Terms of Use? I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Surprised to see people still talking about this. I don't know what made me think to peek back in to see if anything has happened since. Is there any chance of getting any money back, via Kickstarter or not? What burns me the most about this is not only did I put up $45 here, but after the campaign was over, I wrote the guy directly to ask if I could move up to a higher category. Which he allowed by having me PayPal him another $80. To people who asked about a statute of limitations on this scam, they vary by state. There is no doubt a statute of limitations, however, they are generally tolled (suspended) while someone is outside of the jurisdiction. Especially when it appears an intentional attempt to avoid liability by letting the SoL run. I wished I lived in AU. I'd be paying our friend Rik an unannounced visit or two until I felt I had exacted my money's worth in fun and damages. Fraudsters like Rik are the scum of the earth. I hope his wife and kids know what a piece of garbage he is. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount Submit a Consumer Complaint to the FTC - <url>"2,407 backers pledged $339,848 to help bring this project to life." What life? Thanks Kickstarter for supporting this loser and taking your cut before your supporters receive any sign of the product or refund! Still haven’t received my copy yet. I’m starting to think I’m never going to get it. odd how no one thinks Phil Sauer has any complicity , it appears he waited until he knew there was money to be had before suing. He understood that any money he would be obtaining was essentially our money , as this was the only source of money for valley games , personally I hold him partially responsible. We will never know if Rik never intended to deliver (There were many alarm bells - the primary one being it seems to good to be true) But the lawsuit removed any chance of seeing a game and Phil must have understood where the money was coming from, but he had a right for repayment and he took it . (All perfectly legal and above board but money doesn't come from nowhere) if Rik just declared bankruptcy this would all just be normal business practices in USA Happy 5 years of nothing everyone! Project was funded on Jan 2, 2013. Happy 5th Anniversary to Rik the Swindler! or here: <url>’t look good @MiB - I have a similar system, but I put them in status categories: at the printer, on the boat, shipping soon, artwork, layout, ETC. Up Front and Airborne in my Pocket are in the category "Damned to Hell". I keep them there as a reminder. @ Daniel, Did it ever occur to you that his family was on this with him. Thought they might be egging him on. "C'mon dad , buy me a bike with the money you screwed the kickstarter pledgers with" I have an excel spread sheet for all my KS projects. Overdue projects have a color code - orange for projects that are a bit fishy, red for those that really annoy me by giving my BS instead of solid info. I had to invent a new color code for this project. Black for "very dead". Funny enought that this was my first ever kickstarter and I still stuck arround for several years and 150 other projects :) To have spent 350 $ to understand who Rik Falch is it is excessive, but not entirely useless: I have found brothers in this experience. Hey, guys. Any word on when Up Front is going to be delivered? Yep. Rick is a consummate scumbag. I'm sure part of the reason he left for Australia is to make it harder for US State Courts to catch him. Is there a statute of limitations on theft / fraud / racketeering? What Rik Falch doesn't realize is that people don't forget getting scammed, and the internet is a permanent record. When his kids grow up, they will realize what a con artist he is. When is grand kids get older, they will wonder what grandpa did for a living, only to find out he stole hundreds of thousands of dollars from people to get out of legal trouble. His whole family tree will realize he was dirt. He completely ruined his name. this kickstarter crap ruined this gaming hobby. it's all about the $ now, with nobody assuming responsibility. remember, logistics and planning makes for an enjoyable game... especially on kickstarter. I'd rather get my hands on a class action lawsuit against Mr. Falch, and I would think that Kickstarter or Amazon would want to as well. His actions have damaged the Kickstarter name and most certainly cost other creators money due to the apprehension caused by his scam. FYI, if you want to get your hands on a copy of the game, you can get it at Wargame Vault. No real design to speak of, but they have all the parts separately or in a bundle: <url>—WEM) SINCE WHEN IS IT LEGAL TO USE PLEDGED MONEY FOR PERSONAL USE?? THINGS LIKE LAWSUITS... AND JUNKET TRIPS, INVESTMENTS, TRAFFIC TICKETS, BAIL BONDS, CHRISTMAS PRESENTS, VACATIONS, ****, DRUGS, ALCOHOLS, HOMES, APARTMENTS, PETS, CARS, LAWN MOWERS AND DOOR/WINDOWS ARE ALL ILLEGAL I'M SURE. IT SEEMS THAT THE REAL CRIME IS THAT EVEN THE LAWYERS FELT ENTITLED TO THIS MONEY!!! this kickstarter crap is really going to hell.. every other campaign is some kind of swindle or hustle. but that's ok where is the law is cyber space?? Rik is a THIEF! So he stole over a quarter million dollars and got away with it. Nice. Rik Falch, a professional criminal who is teaching others how to steal legally. Kickstarter should at least give us the 10% back it made on this. Rik Falch is a thief.!... where is my money ? So everyone has seen the UP Front reprint on Drive Thru Cards by now... right? If you haven't, here you go: <url>"almost" all of the projects I received. Please don't let this Asshole ruin Kickstarter for you. What I've learned about backing on Kickstarter is to really do your research before you back. This means checking past projects, reading a lot of comments from other backers and going on-line to read about any issues the project creators might have. At least then you can say you did your do diligence if something unfortunate happens and not feel so screwed over. This jackass does not represent the majority and if you walk away from Kickstarter you might miss out of some incredible projects. Just saying... Does anyone have the pdf's of the decks that were posted in the updates? Thanks... Good for you Brad. Personally, I don't like wasting money. Have a great life. Any news ? ;) <url>"Renegade Ratings" (a private version of "AREA" ratings) for Up Front Players... I still have 3 copies of UF+BANZ+DW, 1 set of which is still in original shrinkwrap... That Wizards of the Coast version looks like crap to me. If you want this game, just pick up a copy on ebay. The AH version is better than even Mr. Dickhead Falche's abortion would have been. At this point, it's fairly safe to assume that we have been had... I just found out today that Wizards of the Coast is (or already has?) released a reprint of Original Up Front... It should stay open so Rik Falch's employers can see the type of person they have in their ranks. @Ken Do you have a link to information about that successful move against a failed Kickstarter project. Notwithstanding last April's "update" I do not know how anyone could reasonably argue this project has not been abandoned. I would like to see what they did to hold that other project creator accountable. To save their butts over a failed KS. They leave it up to deny that it will ever be completed! Why is this KS even still open? Is there a time where KS shuts it down and says well, all hope is lost? Will this project be open forever? Seems silly. I believe his final update was 100% legal maneuver to demonstrate that he was not abandoning the project. I believe one successful move against another failed Kickstarter project was done in part because the creator had stopped all updates which indicated abandonment. By posting one final update, he is demonstrating that he is not abandoning the project... sort of. Of course, whether his last update will have any bearing on anything remains to be seen. However, it does appear to me that as of this date there has been no movement to sue or hold Ric accountable for his actions at least in any formal, legal manner or at least nothing has come to any fruition. Anyone know who posted the Apr 23 2015 update or why? Was it just to rub salt in our wounds? Since getting ripped off here and with one other game, I have not invested in any other Kickstarter projects. They are enabling thieves and I refuse to help. And they can take their "Be respectful and considerate" comment and shove it. A moment of silence for my original Avalon Hill 2nd Edition copy-- sold, to a very happy buyer I might add, in anticipation of my good faith investment in this project. Alas. . . . Why is this guy not in jail? I'm completely amazed that you can steal almost $340K and walk away Scott free! Truly amazing! <url>#21280413 Rik is working here: Team Lead Project Controls and Reporting DevEx at Santos Okotoks, Alberta, CanadaOil & Energy Current Santos Ltd, Whowanna Inc Previous R2 Solutions Inc., Weatherford, Encana Education Southern Alberta Institute of Technology / SAIT I've been tempted to ask the company he works for to please ask Rik if he could give us some contact information so legals/discussions with him can be direct. Otherwise I might have to ask them to pass along my open messages to him as he is ignoring every other attempt to contact him. I suggest to others this might be a fair approach to get him sit up and acknowledge this outrageous situation. Still my oldest failed to deliver kickstarter. 2 months old news but still interesting <url>"be respectful and considerate"... I wonder how "respectful and considerate" does kickstarter ask the project owners to be. I feel that Mr. Falch has not been respectful or considerate, as he could have written up a detailed what happens now email. Also, the fact that he decided to use the funds made available to him through this kickstarter for anything else other than the development of the game is embezzlement. <url>‘Asylum’ Case News Aug 13, 2015 The Attorney General of the State of Washington, Bob Ferguson, announced on July 27, 2015, a “successful conclusion” to the first state enforcement action filed over a failed crowdfunding project. In 2012, Edward J. Polchlopek III and Altius Management Kickstarted a set of ‘Asylum’ Playing cards, to feature the original artwork of a Serbian artist. The Kickstarter campaign raised $25,146. The reward was to be delivered by December 2012, but were never sent. The company and Mr. Polchlopek stopped communicating with backers in July 2013. Complaints were made to the WA State AG’s office, and on April 30, 2014, the AG filed suit against Mr. Polchlopek and Altius, the first suit brought on behalf of defrauded crowdfunders in the United States. The action sought restitution for Washington state backers and penalties against the promoter of the KS campaign for violations of the state’s consumer protection laws, referencing Kickstarter’s terms of use which require developers to either complete their projects or refund backers funds if they are unable to successfully finish the project. On July 27, 2015, King County WA Superior Court Commissioner Henry Judson ruled in favor of the AG and ordered Mr. Polchlopek and Altius to pay $54,851 in restitution, civil penalties and court fees. Attorney General Ferguson made it clear that his office “will not tolerate crowdfunding theft” in the state of Washington. The restitution only applies to those backers in the state of Washington. The WA AG’s office is encouraging backers in other states to file similar complaints with their state AG’s. Dear, oh dear...I do keep forgetting the #1 rule of posting: never, ever post anything that could cause offense, however unintentional. Apologies to all who I offended, with all seriousness. @Randy Yes that was a Groucho quote from 'The Coconuts'. I had just watched the movie (yet again) and it struck me as so appropriate for this KS. @Peter I think frodo was quoting a Marx Brothers movie lol I filed my FTC complaint. Keep em coming. The only thing I worry about is how he fled the country. Can the FTC prosecute someone that isn't in the US? Yes, Asianfrodo. That is a brave comment to make now, isn't it? Enjoy rubbing salt into wounds? Get off on pointing out the obvious to harm other people? You, Sir,, are a jackass. I also filled my FTC complaint, that´s the least I can do. "All ye suckers who are going to get trimmed, step this way for the big swindle". Of all the projects that I pledge, this is the only one that did not deliver and this is the one that I have sought after. What a shame Rik Falch is enjoying my money in Australia without a care in the world. I agree that kickstarter should make a section and inform the public which projects funded but the creator run away with the money. It's the least that they could do. Glad I dodge the bullet on TERAMYYD. It's second to this one. I just filed my FTC complaint. Very easy. <url>"Bogus crowdfunding ventures are under the microscope, too, after a scam by an entrepreneur who raised $122,000 on Kickstarter to create a new board game. He pocketed the cash and reneged on his promise to give backers a copy of the game, so now the Federal Trade Comm. is on the lookout for other such shady behavior." Don't know if they're talking about our friend or someone else. Filed complaint. It amazes me that this guy publicly on Facebook <url>"it's so good" and "I'll teach you" but that never happened as these weren't local folks. So with this game I was hoping for a critical mass (more of my friends backed the project, and likely there would be more local players) and an easier to understand set of instructions. So, the Wargame Vault edition in mind: - Has anyone here received their product and comment on the quality? - Is this the same set of rules originally published with the game back in the A-H days? - Is this the same set of cards I own, or are there changes, such as errata fixes? And of course is there any news that they're going to produce the Banzai and Desert War expansions. Thanks, -Ric I also purchased the re-print from Wargame Vault. The Cards are high quality. Complaints can be easily filed with the FTC here: <url>#crnt Just popping my head back in to say this; I purchased and received the UF Action Deck from Wargame Vault. It is of very high quality and quite close to the original AH version. I understand that there have been some issues with the counters, but otherwise it seems that Wargame Vault has delivered exactly what was promised. Based on my experience, I can highly recommend going to them if you are in need of UF replacement parts including the rulebook which can be downloaded. So, you can buy the original game (3 nations) for under $50 for the bundle. It is true that what they offer is not this project, but then again this project doesn't exist, so take that for what you will. Bye. @Ken: I'm taking the images from the Vassal module to put together proxy cards for my action deck. Once completed, I'll be able to play City, Jungle, Desert, and Winter decks by replacing the appropriate cards. I have opaque sleeves, so these will work perfectly. Jungle and Desert proxy cards are also available from a couple of other sources (though one set I've seen looks pretty bad). I've already used Jungle proxies from a non-Vassal source, and I love the way it works. Yesterday I put together a set of Finland PC cards that I downloaded from a website, and I have USMC, Romania, Greece, and Poland to do. Now that WGV is unshackling the game, I hope other fan-based material will return (e.g., I haven't been able to find Hungary). Shame about the Kickstarter, though. I think they had some great ideas. If they do manage to make good to their backers, I'll certainly making the transition to version 3. But I, for one, have already written off this fiasco and have really enjoyed returning to the game these past couple of months. What Wargamers Vault is doing is proof positive that Hasbro owns the rights to Up Front. No publishing company is going to challenge Hasbro when it comes to who actually "owns" the game by trying to publish essentially an updated copy which would clearly violate copyright protection. Given Hasbro's reputation and what happened with "Hex: Shards of Fate" as a prime example, why would any publishing company in their right mind take Rik at his word about "ownership rights"? So, where does that leave us, the backers? In the same position that we have been since the money left our wallets for this KS project. This particular project is not going to get published, so that basically leaves two choices. - Lawsuits or AG action - Moving On I have no interest in spending my time trying to sue or sic an AG on Rik given that I spent $125. Perhaps if I were one of the two "big" backers, I would see things differently. But at this point, I've already forgiven Rik for his actions and even if I hadn't, I'm not taking this to my grave as Rik is not worth it. I will continue to warn people about Rik and my hope is that he does pay for what he's done at some point. I have already ordered a new action deck from Wargamers Vault and will test it out for its quality. But my hopes of having different action decks (desert, city, jungle, etc.) will probably have to wait a LOOOONG time. If one day this game does arrive on my doorstep, I will happily come back and apologize. If someone asks me a question, I will respond. If someone asks me about Rik, I will tell what I know. Until then, adios, goodbye and farewell. I can't say that the experience was fun, but perhaps in the long run it will be worth it. @Nathaniel Right you are - I was trying to be kind which is a mistake at this point. I'd like to know if they continued to pull out money to pay for "salaries" for the principals from the Radiant funds during the time when there were no updates forth coming. We've already funded their defense and paid for part or all of their settlement, paying them for their time while they failed to deliver what they promised due in part of wholly from their bad business practices from a previous venture would be icing on the proverbial cake. If it did happen, it shows even more of a blatant disregard for the KS backers and more greed on their part. If it didn't happen, then there is a little more support for the idea of making honest mistakes. With the additional information that has come out (sadly I didn't research as much as I should have), it would not surprise me if it's the former and not the latter. But I'd like to see the data to see what the true situation was. My main concern is seeing that if there were funds left over that they aren't frittered away on salaries, "reasonable wages" as previously put, costs, etc. Even it it's only a few dollars per backer, maybe whatever was left over should be returned in a sign of good faith. With the Wargames Vault re-release I'd be surprised to see any other publisher set up now. Hope I'm wrong. Not being naive, I don't expect it to happen and it would be very expensive to try to force them them operate by the tenants of the KS agreement, but doesn't hurt to put the request out. This whole situation reminds be a little of the production "The Producers" maybe with or without the fore planning on the part of the creators. @Kevin you forget the "reasonnable wage" that the principals of Radiant Star Gaming have paid themselves during this whole time. Yes, they took their salary out of the KS funds during the whole mess. I do not see how the update removes any liability on Rik's part or how it could possibly change an Attorney General's mind about bring an action against Rik. @Craig Respectfully, the last update didn't say anything about how the funds were spent. It just said they were all gone, alluding to the lawsuit being the reason they were gone. We know from the information that's been publicly available that some the funds held by the court were provided to the plaintiff via the settlement. While we can reasonably assume some or all of the remainder and possibly some of the funds that weren't held may have gone to legal fees, it is Rik's responsibility to provide more information as per the Kickstarter terms. I don't expect a line by line accounting of where every cent went, but between the two Kickstarters there was approximately 440k generated which means there was about 400k after various funding fees. There should have been somewhere near 270k of funds that did not go to the plaintiff. A fair amount of which I suspect went to the lawyer(s) and legal costs for the defense. I believe an accounting of how much and to whom those funds were allocated is in order. I hope some funds went to the artists and other professionals that put in effort and time before things went haywire. I hope there were no extravagant "managerial" fees assessed by the principals during the time of lawsuit, especially that last year where there was apparently no work being done on the project nor any updates. Not saying there was but without any information being put forth one is left to formulate their own conclusions. A breakdown of how much went to the plaintiff, to the defense of the lawsuit, for the art, for any salaries (and if any of those were for the managerial side), for equipment and software, etc is not unreasonable and certainly fits with the Kickstarter terms of informing us how the money was spent. My expectation is that the Rik's post was made for legal reasons. With a number of cases of US State Attorneys suggesting litigating suspicious crowd-funding projects that do not deliver. Kickstarter terms of use require the owner of a failed project to contact backers and inform them of where the money has gone. Now Rik has done that, he has fulfilled any contractual obligation he had with Kickstarter or with us backers. Therefore that update should protect him from litigation based on any contractual failure related to Kickstarter as an entity or the project backers as individuals Effectively, it is a get out of jail free card. Not to rain on anyone's parade, but there may be a snag with Wargame Vault. According to Roger MacGowan, the rights to use his artwork for the cover (which is duplicated on the front of the rulebook) and the Up Front logo have not been secured. According to Roger, he signed what was known as a "First Time NA Rights" with Avalon Hill many years ago which means for the artwork and logo to be used again, the company will have to seek out his permission. This may all be just a formality on Roger's part as he did grant MMP permission to use his artwork for the ASL reprints. However, I cannot say that this is good news. <url>"yes". "Hex:Shards of Fate" was a KS project that raised around $2 million and was just set to be distributed to the backers when Hasbro stepped in and stopped it because it was "too similar to Magic: the Gathering". Hasbro waited until the stoppage caused the maximum amount of pain to the company after spending the money to print it up, but not being able to get the product out. Assuming Rik didn't have permission from Hasbro, then I believe based on Hasbro's past actions that they would have intervened probably right before Rik was going to ship out the game. This could be a test by Wargames Vault to see how Up Front "goes over" with the fans. If successful, then I could see them making the expansions available. My only hope would be that they might be successful enough to create new cards so I don't have to use my "imagination" in pretending a stream is a wadi when playing Desert rules. Actually, it's Wargames Vault who have obtained permission to reprint from WoC/Hasbro. The cards are scans of the originals but look OK. I don't know if they have any intention of re-printing the expansions. Curiouser and curiouser. Just seen an Up Front reprint from Wizrds of the Coast on the DrithruRPG web-site. It would appear that Wizards of the Coast have obtained publishing rights for the second edition of Up Front from Hasbro. They produce a fairly rudimentary version (no box, they provide cards but you have to construct your own counters) with no change to the original (and not particularly user-friendly) rules. I'm wondering whether, had the KS campaign actually got anywhere, Hasbro WoC would have stepped in to prevent publication? @Ken and @Mark I wonder if this update is for legal reasons. A CYA tactic from his lawyer. Notify your backers about the money situation and end the project as a failure. I seriously doubt we'll see another update. I agree their should be a US attorney investigation since it spans multiple states. I think it would be easier to get him extradited from Australia should any criminal charges come to light. @H Sparks It's more like the girlfriend showed with her new boyfriend wanting to know why you are in her apartment. Well @Mark, I certainly have no proof that Rik does not own the publishing rights to Up Front. I can say that when I contacted Hasbro the official response was that Up Front could not be out-licensed. Now, it may mean that Rik does have the license to publish the game from Hasbro. However, there are other possibilities that may include Hasbro not having the rights to the game anymore, but if so the response I received would not match the question I raised. Based on all the court documents and history with other Avalon Hill games, what may be a possibility is that Courtney Allen believed he had the rights to Up Front and signed a publishing contract with Rik in 2010. However, Richard Hamblen who was another AH designer at roughly the same time as Courtney Allen believed he owned the rights to "Merchant of Venus" which Stronghold Games tried to publish in 2011. FFG however, secured the rights from Hasbro which resulted in a cordial eight month negotiation with Stronghold that ended up having MoV published by FFG under the Hasbro name. I've also seen the top part of the original contract Courtney Allen signed with Avalon Hill over Up Front which basically gave all rights to the game to AH while Allen would receive a commission for each game sold. Unless that contract had additional language or was superseded by another contract, AH/Hasbro still owns the rights to the game. Another point, Rik's contract with Courtney Allen ran out on February 23rd of this year, so unless he signed a renewal or something, he technically no longer has the legal right to publish UF if Allen is the actual owner of the game. Basically, I'm not really interested in a lawsuit at this time because an investigation is more in order so that we know the facts first before going any further. All in all, I did find it surprising that Rik actually made an update which only served to re-awaken so many people who thought this was all dead-and-buried. I mean, unless you are checking the mailing addresses for the completed game that is ready to be sent out, what's the practical point of saying anything at all? @Ken That's interesting. If he didn't have the full rights it would be a pretty clear cut fraud case. I think a civil action in Australia is an interesting idea. I may have a chat with a lawyer friend here in the UK. I think the most shocking thing is that there is no apology. Does this guy want a torrent of civil cases brought against him? Cool arrogance is a surefire way of getting a big target painted on your head. This entire campaign just feels like cool calculation and manipulation of helpers and kickstarters. It really has the hallmarks or someone ditching their debts and running away and absolutely nothing he has said so far seems to indicate anything else. The most incredible thing is this guy considers himself a Christian as well... hilarious. Proving fraud in court is actually tough because the burden is on the prosecution that the defendant "intended" to mislead those who donated him or her money. Rik did post updates for 14 months including samples of artwork and stopped only after the lawsuit had standing in court. So, proving fraud under those circumstances would be quite difficult. However, there is more than enough for an investigation, especially into the actual legal standing of whether Rik had the full rights to publish Up Front in the first place. Assuming he does not, then it becomes much easier to prove fraud because raising money for something that cannot legally be done is pretty straightforward and easy for a jury to understand. Supposedly, someone is filing or at least attempting to file a civil action against Rik in Australia. I'm sure others are exploring that possibility here in the US. At the very least, an honest and open account complete with all the proper documents needs to be put on display for all to see in order to get past this current situation short of providing what was promised in terms of the game. The whole point of this is whether Rik knew that a court case was coming before he started the Kickstarter campaign. If there is sufficient evidence to this effect it could be used for a number of legal proceedings against him, and if criminal, could enable an extradition to make him face potential corporate fraud charges in the US. I think there is a deep interest in the accounting of this project and where exactly all our money has gone. Without a detailed breakdown it could well be for the court to order an audit to investigate Riks use of the Kickstarter monies. The accounts is a good place to start. At this stage unless he produces convincing accounts I think it is worth reporting a potential fraud and get Radiant/Valley audited. So Rik, where did all our money go? Simply incredible that Rik would even bother to post anything. This is dead and gone. Yes artwork, rules do exist but that probably has now defaulted back to Courtney Allen. If Courtney wants to see Up Front republished then he will probably have to find someone else to publish in whatever format that is. For us backers that just means we have to pay a different piper to get the game if it is published. I for one can't reason to give Rik any more money. Yes I would like to see the game and expansions but how much is it ultimately going to cost me? I live in Australia and am an Australia by birth. I am ashamed that we even allowed Rik Falch into this country. If I was his employer I would have one hand firmly on my wallet. The true tragedy here is that Kickstarter is just an avenue for the unscrupulous to take advantage of dare I say it the gullible with no legal recourse for those who fall prey to the Rik Falchs of this world. Lets face it Kickstarter seems to be a way for people to get easy money for no obligation. Certainly Kickstarter always gets its cut so why would they even change their business practices. I guess at the end of the day it is always Caveot Emptor (buyer beware). Should be a saying for investor beware. While I have my personal doubts about Rik's legal rights to publish Up Front, I can agree that the settlement and subsequent dismissal of the case because it was settled had no effect on who owns Up Front. It is worth pointing out that the indication Rik had permission to publish Up Front was a five-year contract signed by Rik (Elusive Games) and Courtney Allen that was brought out in the court records of this particular case. It's worth noting that the five years on that contract ran out on February 23rd of this year. Of course, the date on the contract was scribbled in only under Rik's name which makes it rather dubious. However, assuming everything is on the "up and up", Rik technically does not have the rights to publish the game unless there is further evidence to show that he does. So, maybe he does or maybe he doesn't, but the court case itself played no role. @Richard - the case wasn't thrown out of court....the creator (not Rik) still owns Up Front.... Sigh. It's complicated, and worth it to figure out the basics. if the case was thrown out of court, then nobody owns Up Front. I guess.... the case is dismissed? I like that.... Well @Matthew, The preacher can consort with the devil himself in front of the congregation and there will still be some followers who will believe the preacher no matter what. In this case, there are people who so badly want the game that they are willing to put rather obvious questions aside and still believe what Rik has to say. I can say that if the completed Up Front game shows up at my doorstep, I'll believe Rik. Until then... What I cannot understand is how an update that * does not containing a word of apology and * tells us that all the money has been spent on a law suit that we should have been warned about in the risks section has managed to get 38 Likes! This is like coming home to an empty apartment and the ex girlfriend has left and taken everything. And then a year later she shows up at your door. What is going on? And that will not be for free... @The Cepparian: That's fine for the backers at the $40 level, but of the ones who pledged for more than just the game itself? What if: Rik will give for free all the stuff done to a producer with the promise to give a copy of the game to backers for free (so goodby stretch goals, bag and so on), this way the producer will have an almost finished product for free and the Rik payment will be just the stuff for the backers, all the other copies will be for the producer gain To answer your questions to the best of my knowledge; 1) Of course the money is gone. 2) By the last update, many of the infantry decks, but not all the action decks are finished 3) The artists were volunteers, so there was no need to pay them. 4) The contract with Courtney Allen ran out in February for whatever it was worth. I'll admit, I'm actually surprised Rik posted anything at all. However, as I said before the only thing that matters to me is having the game in my hands. Short of that, I'm not interested in anything Rik has to say. So I stopped following this saga a while back. But with this recent update, are these still the facts? 1) There is no money left 2) The art/game is not finished 3) Many artists remain unpaid 4) The contract to publish the game has expired If that's the case....I'm at a loss for all the excited "light at the end of the tunnel" optimism. And I'll not be backing ANY more KS projects until KS actually has a LEGAL BINDING AGREEMENT that protects the backers and their funds. I'm not throwing anymore of my money at this project. Damn you! I'd just got off this emotional roller-coaster. Nice to see an update and that the suit is settled. Glad you're still looking for some more positive outcome. I hope a class action suit doesn't scare off any potential solution. Might I suggest if you find someone to pick this up, they offer backers of this project some percentage of their pledge toward a purchase. Obviously, my money is gone, and I know that. But I still would like to see upfront see the light of day, and am willing to pay someone else to see that happen. Well @Paul, I owe you an apology as it appears that while the settlement was reached in January, the actual case was not dismissed until now. Having said that, unless the next update says "Check Your Mailbox or Front Porch for the Completed Up Front Game You Ordered", then it will not be worth the electrons used to create the text. Before too many people ask, you have to know you're not getting your money back. Be fucking realistic. Thanks for posting an update today Rik. I wish you the best of luck with this project. Please refund my money now. Never expected another update. @Paul, I'm not sure about the source of your info, but this is a legal document released on the 13th of January that demonstrates the settlement that occurred. <url>"It looks like you've already reported this project to us. While we're unable to respond to reports individually, please know that our Integrity Team screens each report against Our Rules and Community Guidelines. Thanks for your understanding." I am commencing legal investigations and as an Australian the advice is good since Rik Falch has made Australia home. I will be eventually able to recover my US$900 pledge...I encourage any other Australian to contact me within the next fortnight as the wheels are set in motion. Even if you are the lowest $ amount pledged, the project creator needs to understand that he cannot rip people off who pledged in good faith, fail to communicate according to Kickstarter guidelines, use Kickstarter as a scheme without integrity and miss an estimated deadline for delivery by two years. Amazon and Kickstarter will take their cut but not do support pledgers either. This project creator called Rik Falch will be held accountable in Australia. Unfortunately for himself and his company's public image Rik has chosen the low road. I have made every effort possible in good faith to resolve this outside of the legal system so have no recourse. If you are interested in a class action to recover personal loss, email Furry Beaver here: <email> Good idea Emiel, maybe someone could post it on the airborne page as well. If you scroll to the end of the main page you can press the button report this project(if you are logged in) Then 4 choices appear, the last one being that there is no communication anymore. I would strongly advise people to do this!! Can anyone confirm this address as still current for Rik? 28 Bonython Way, Craigburn Farm SA 5051. Cheers. Exact expereince as another backer below...In addition to these two linked projects I have also lost $371 on "Tides of War Gettysburg". Although I have received all my other projects (ranging from good to excellent like Sails of Glory, I have had it with fraudulent Kickstarter. If anyone wants to back a WW2 card game, it's called Airborne Commander. It's the best alternative for this disappointment of project that I can find. It's cheap too. For 25 bucks you get everything including stretch goals. If your not burned out that is. I've backed 35 Kickstarter projects. What was I thinking??? It's a stupid thing to do, really. The backers wear all the risk. Sure, some of the projects I backed were very successful. Successful enough to justify losing $433 to date? Of course not. Backing projects was fun for a while, but now I feel like an idiot. If a product is commercially viable, it will make it to market without any help from me. And then I will buy it if I want it. I'll gladly pay extra on the back end and let someone else take the risk. This Up Front debacle should be a lesson for us all. Caveat emptor. @Andre, It does not cost anything to hold out hope, so be my guest. Plus, you are not alone as I've read a few other posts where people are still convinced that one day their mailbox will have the Up Front reprint stuffed inside it. There are several reasons why I do not share in your hope, one of which is the fact that Rik had more than enough money to pay professional artists to do the artwork instead of using volunteers. I have participated in other Kickstarter projects such as "Kremlin" for example where the money raised was used to PAY people to get the project completed before paying the printers. Paying professionals means that they work on a time schedule complete with deadlines so that everything gets completed. "Kremlin" got completed all by a one-man company who payed his network of contractors. Compare that to Up Front with its all-volunteer crew of apparently two people who held down full-time jobs. Just before the last update was given, one of the volunteers admitted that not all the action decks were completed despite being 14 MONTHS after this Kickstarter project had been fully funded. $339,000+ and 14 MONTHS of work, yet the game was not even close to going to the printers. Plus, the same volunteer stated that they were not working under ANY deadline. So, this year, next year...whenever. Considering ALL the money they had to work with, Rik apparently didn't pay anyone and didn't set deadlines. These are not the actions of someone who wanted to get Up Front completed. I don't know why the volunteers or Courtney Allen who was named as part of this project at the beginning are not talking. However, the humiliation of being duped might be one reason and perhaps they just want to put all of this behind them. However, if what I've paid for shows up in my mailbox I cannot say that I'll be pleased, but at the very least I'll be surprised. @Ken, The fact that nobody is talking at this time is the only reason (imo) this project is not completely dead. I do expect that if this thing gets canned that some or all the volunteers will start talking. If i'm not mistaken even after the lawsuit there's is still over 180k$ unaccounted for. So call me dumb but i still believe this can happen. Supposedly, the contract he had to publish the game has run out, so he does not have the power to publish anymore. Of course, I don't know if that is true. I don't know if he ever had a contract in the first place or permission to publish the game at all. Or, who even owns the game for that matter. There are simply too many things that we don't know which makes this whole thing all the more disquieting. For example, Courtney Allen's name was tied into the making of this project right from the start as it was part of Rik's initial announcement about publishing Up Front. While I have no reason to believe that he has anything to do with the debacle, Mr. Allen certainly has no reason to keep silent. He could state if he owns or at least has the publishing rights to Up Front which would clear up some things at least. He could explain what led to him teaming up with Rik in the initial stages and what, if anything is happening now. If Up Front ever has any chance of being republished, then the entire status of ownership and publishing rights will need to be publicly disclosed in full to establish some sort of trust once again. Plus, a complete disclosure of this Kickstarter project must happen as well. At this point, there is no reason for any of this information to be held back. But I get the feeling that we will simply never know until someone decides to talk and that may not happen for a long time to come. Very disappointed. I still hope for a miracle. I was cheated and is not the first time. I forgave him once, but I was foolish to believe in him yet. Soon I will denounce in my country for fraud. It makes me angry that you are logged on Feb. 23, with no update or message or restraint. It says here that I must Be respectful and considerate, but it was Rick? Sorry for my English. In addition to these two linked projects I have also lost $371 on "Tides of War Gettysburg". Although I have received all my other projects (ranging from good to excellent like Sails of Glory, I have had it with fraudulent Kickstarter This Kickstarters and Airborne are the only two Kickstarters that have failed me, but they failed for about 200 dollars between them. I really wanted to be able to play the Up Front reprint someday, but that's not going to happen. So Rik recently logged in to update his profile page with a .gif logo? (It's never been spinning before) Everyone should spread the word wide and far. Get the word out there what Rik Falch has done here. Whenever you see a story about Kickstarter scams, add Rik's story to the comments section. Ensure Mr. Falch's legacy is one of failure, and immoral behavior. Kickstarter is definitely the Wild West. I have had 3 funded projects just pull up stakes and leave backers hanging. It is a little better than going to Vegas. I forgot that this was funded over two years ago. What a joke. For what it's worth, this seems to be the only turkey I've backed on Kickstarter so far. My latest donation was to a Star Trek fan-produced show that finishes up on Monday. They are already taping the episodes the first of which is set to premiere at the end of May. Given that they've already complete three episodes last year, I think it's a safe venture. Lesson: Back something by a proven company & research it before plunking down any money. Or, only contribute what you feel comfortable throwing into the street because complaining about it for years on end probably isn't as fun as if you had kept the money in the first place. 2 games... Nearly a half a million dollars. We all got scammed. How can this be possible. Kickstarter needs to fix this, they make enough profit to do so. Rik, deliver the goods... Or people are coming for you... You are going to be forensic filed. Just checking in... Yup, I'll still drill this guy in the face if I ever meet him. Hearing the death knell being played. So sad. Don't know what the Rikster is up to but he logged in today. Maybe getting ready to launch another scam or possibly even scamola to pay off some more bad debts. Worked so well the first time maybe he can square his mortgage Well, my hope is from this learning experience that perhaps I can use it as the foundation for writing an eBook on how to pull off the near-perfect or "good enough" con. Perhaps it will sell enough for me to make my money back....perhaps Rik will buy a copy, who knows? :) It must have been 15 years ago that a friend of my was tricked into a scam when we were on vacation in Spain. Even though we were warned not to participate in illegal street gambling, the friend was lured into the trap. There was a game with 3 cups and a little red ball. Just as he approached the table a lucky winner collected a lot of pesetas. I tried to warn him but out of nowhere people came to take a look and I was pushed slightly but gently away from him. Then when the cups were shuffled they had to move the table(cardboard box) because people wanted to pass and for an instance one cup was "accidentally" lifted and the red ball was clearly visible to us. My friend didn't doubt for a second and immediately placed a bet worth of 50 guilders. Then he was persuaded by a pretty woman next to him to bet even more because "It was a sure bet, easy money" The instance he dropped extra money, the table had to be moved again because of the people passing by. Then my friend got to select the cup in which he thought the red ball was. Of course we all know that by now the red ball was gone and so was his money. He stood there baffled for a couple of seconds and before he could make a fuzz, other people were already placing a bet and he was set aside. Now I could talk to him again, of course telling him he was a stupid a-hole. Then a local approached us and told us a friend of him got scammed to. He went to the police station to tell it to the police. The local told us that instead of thanking the man for going to the police he got a fine because of illegal gambling. The local told us he was very upset with the con artists giving a bad name to the people. He could understand that we wanted to go to the police, but advised against it. By that time the whole circus had moved elsewere. My friend came off 100 guilders lighter and a bruised ego. Then a couple of days later we could see the same gang of con artist again working. Now we stayed at a distance to observe. All the people around the table were the same, on every corner they had a scout to warn for police. Then we were baffled again, because even the friendly man who was understanding and gave us the tip not to go to the police turned out to be part of the gang. Now I know what my friend must have felt like back then. I just dropped in to see what condition my condition was in...it looks dead. Well Furry Beaver, legal action is probably your only true recourse. I am not familiar with Australian law, but in the US lawsuits are not exactly the hardest things to create. As far as anything else goes, I'm not seeing how it helps put money in your pocket or somehow punishes Rik for his actions. A verbal promise from the project creator was made late last year during a conversation with Mr Falch while he was at his office in Adelaide, here in Australia. He promised "to look into my request to return my pledge". There has been no response since then despite additional contact attempts. Perhaps I should create a Kickstarter project to fund a more persuasive method to garner further 'updates' or to retrieve my $900 pledge...any suggestions? woah. I back Orleans and decide to come see what's up with Up Front only to see I got robbed. If you want Kickstarter to take action then you will need to use the legal system in order for that to happen. The good news is that the two main avenues of approach are free and will not cost you a dime. Lawyers offer free consultation and can file a class action suit if they deem the case to be winnable. They will not charge any fees in this case. Also, attorney generals in all 50 states are set up to take complaints of this nature. If they deem that the evidence is present for fraud or similar charge, they can take action as well. Again, all without costing the person who filed the original complaint a dime. Going after Rik and exposing the loopholes in both Kickstarter and Amazon will force them to take action especially if they see the vulnerability to being successfully sued or even just the bad press which will deter sales or investments will do the trick. So, the time for complaining is over, the lawsuit has been settled. It's either taking action or nothing. Personally, I am not interested in such action in this case because it was very apparent even before the Kickstarter project began that Rik was in serious financial difficulty and it was widely broadcasted in the threads of BGG. Looking back at some of these threads, there are comments that predicted almost exactly what happened. I was aware of them, but I did not check them out fully nor did I pursue the clear evidence that was there that screamed "Do not invest in this project!". I could kid myself and say I "took a chance", but the truth is that I didn't do my part to ensure that this was as safe an investment as it could be with the warning flags that were very apparent. So, I am not interested in taking action myself based on those grounds. However, for those who are still angry, for those who believe they have been wronged there is action that can be taken which will not cost a dime. The question is, will the complaints I've seen actually turn into action or just more complaints? . Well, I commend you guys on your ability to forgive but for me I will never forgive this SOB! Also, what I want is for Kickstarter to get off their ass and make sure Rik NEVER gets to produce another Kickstarter again unless he pays back every single backer he ripped off! Unfortunately this will probably never happen because Kickstarter could care less about justice and ultimately cares more about profit! I also want Amazon to make sure Rik never produces another game until he pays back every person he scammed! These two companies took their 5% from Rik and went on their marry way, never looking back. This to me is culpability and should be seen as a criminal act just like Rik's act. They will not do their do diligence and bet you will see Rik scamming more people for a new game in a near future! I suppose what can be said in the positive is that there is genuine interest in having Up Front reprinted and available to a new generation of gamers. However, before that step can be taken a full autopsy of what happened with this project will have to be performed. From the moment this project was announced in October, 2012 to this day will have to be revealed and explained before any game company should get the rights for another reprint try. There are many important questions to answer and those who are in the know will need to step forward so that there is a full accounting. Of course, I'm hard pressed to see how Rik can really contribute much to this effort. Other than the game in total arriving at my front door or all of my money being fully refunded, there is really nothing he can say that will peak my interest. I've forgiven him, so no apology is necessary at least for me. But I'm not really seeing whatever explanation he might offer will actually answer anything assuming he is to be believed. I feel his actions havr already spoken for him, so he'd either be repeating himself or contradicting what he did. It seems to me that whatever the future holds for an Up Front reprint, it should be more than just about us "old fogeys" who purchased the original games many years ago getting a reprint. It should be about updating (not re-writing or changing) the game so that it appeals to a younger generation who can carry it forward. In fact, I would actually like to see that since I now have all of the original game in my possession. Maybe some good will come out of all of this which is the best that can be hoped for. @Ken: You are right. Forgiveness is something we do for OURSELVES so we can move on. I admire your decision. I'm not sure I'm there yet, but at some point I must be - at least if I don't want to continue inflicting the pain of anger on myself. Forgiving does not mean forgetting - the old "fool me once..." saying. No, we must never forget what this creep has done, and make sure to shout from the rooftops if he ever has the audacity to involve himself in any endeavor again - that's the least we can do. In a prefect world he would be either selling his house to pay us back, or rotting in a cell somewhere so he couldn't do it again. Since, obviously, neither of these forms of justice look to be on the horizon, the best thing we CAN do is forgive. Well, two points. First, forgiveness is not condoning what he did or forgetting that he took my money. However, I realized after an event where I managed to acquire "Banzai" and "Desert War" in a rather remarkable way (well, at least I think so) that I still hated Rik for what he did. I realized that if I didn't let that hate go that Rik was taking more from me than just my money. So, I forgave him. I don't expect anyone else to as it is my personal decision, but I've learned over the years that hate takes more than it provides and I want to keep what I have. Second, it's clear in looking back from the time that Rik announced that his company was going to revive Up Front and make Airborne in Your Pocket that he had no intention of actually publishing either game. Why do I believe this? The answer lies in what legitimate game companies like the example I cited with Jolly Roger Games and their "Kremlin" Kickstarter. The very purpose of raising money is so you can PAY to have the game produced. With Kremlin, the owner (and sole employee) of JRG set the amount needed to pay the artists, production and publishing so that everyone involved would be PAID for their work and I got "Kremlin" sitting in my game collection as a result. Rik used VOLUNTEERS for both Up Front and AIYP. He raised over $446,000 for both games and used volunteers right from the start. In fact, he used ONE volunteer for AIYP. Volunteers can be nice, even helpful, but you don't rely on them to get things done. Rik hoarded the money raised and then used it to eventually settle the case. He scammed me, you and over 2,400 backers. I'm not sure exactly what Rik could "say" that would help matters at all since he clearly has not been telling the truth so why believe him now? However, there are a few questions that Mr. Allen (whom I do not believe had anything to do with this nor am I placing any blame) could answer such as; - Why did Valley Games, a very small game company with only a few titles, get the "opportunity" to publish Up Front? - Where there other game companies in the running for the "opportunity" to publish Up Front? If any of them had the reputation and longevity of a GMT or MMP, why were they not chosen over Valley Games? - What exactly is the legal status of ownership and publishing rights to Up Front? I feel these are more important questions because it gets to the heart of how all this started. Of course, I do not expect any answers soon. Although after this "contract" runs out in February, I would think that would be the time where they might happen...if not, then probably not for a very long time. @ Ken: How the hell can you forgive this SOB? He ripped off you and 2,406 backers! You must be the nicest person I know because this guy doesn't deserve forgiveness, he deserves time in jail! You've forgiven Rik Falch, Ken? Well I haven't. I won't even begin to forgive him until he gets on here and posts an update on what the heck the status is on this project one way or another, and explains his long silence since March of last year. Because as of right now, I feel that we've all been played, both the folks who backed Up Front, and those who backed Airborne in Your Pocket. Not that he didn't originally intend to produce and publish both games, but rather that it appears that his art updates and reassurances only lasted up until he was sure that it was past the window for credit card charge-backs, after which he and his volunteers went silent, a silence that to all intents and purposes said to his backers 'bugger off!' Am I wrong? Then he needs to get his backside on here and clear things up, because to me the guy has a LOT of explaining to do before I consider forgiving him. Not to belabor the point, but just to provide an example. I backed the "Kremlin" project which was much smaller in scale than "Up Front". The set goal was $9,000 and it raised over $53,000 for Jolly Roger Games which is essentially a single-person game company. The money that was raised was used to PAY the artists to create all the new artwork, including the board and cards. While Kremlin still had issues and delays, I received the game for a mere $25 which included shipping. Like any small, successful game company, Jolly Roger Games has a network established to hire the right people to complete a project. There was never any mention of using "volunteers" that I remember in any of the updates. A project without deadlines never gets done, period. This is especially true of any project of this type involving printing like this one. There was never any indication of "trying to get it right the first time" which makes little sense anyway. If something is wrong, the editor sends it back to the artist with a very tight deadline or makes the correction him or herself. In any case, there needs to be a hard deadline to complete the project or nothing will happen. That not only applies to games, but practically anything of a large scale that needs to be completed. You'd think with raising more than 11x the amount needed that Rik would have set aside $15,000 to $20,000 to hire professional artists who are use to deadlines to get everything completed, but that never happened. It appears that only two, perhaps three volunteers were used on Up Front. How could Up Front be completed by two or three volunteers when one of them admitted he had to stop work on the project for two to three months because of "tax season" (apparently, he worked at H & R Block or something). It's very clear that Rik was hoarding all the money that was collected. Add to this the lawsuit which as we found out didn't just appear out of nowhere, but was apparently a big concern even before Rik launched the Kickstarter campaign. When adding up the totality of Rik's actions, they all have the same basic theme of delay that appeared to start about the middle of 2013 and then became rather obvious once his announced November deadline for release when he did state that the game was just about ready for the printers came and went. A few months later, we find out that the volunteers had no deadlines to complete their work and while many of the infantry decks were done or close to being done, the action decks (which is what really attracted me to the project) beyond the basic (country) one were nowhere close to completion. I've already stated that I've forgiven Rik for what he did, but I will not forget that his actions are not of a person who made a couple of mistakes in judgment. They are the actions of someone who was not trying to get the game completed in a timely manner otherwise he would have spent at least part of all that money which was raised to hire people to finish the job. The lawsuit didn't "prevent" that from happening since the money was not tied up by the court for many months after it was collected. " the most damning part of what he did at least in my mind was the use of volunteers to do the artwork (or heavy lifting) of the game production which essentially slowed it all down to a crawl. Especially when it was later revealed that the artists were not given any deadline to complete their work. " I actually think they were making really good progress. I think the lack of deadlines came more from "let's do this correct the first time" rather than "let's stall as much as we can." I was more concerned about some of the design choices (you may recall the AFV cards were almost illegible due to font choice and wonky color choices), but they appeared to soften their initial hard-line "we're not changing anything" stance and began accepting feedback. I have thankfully kept the draft of the 3rd edition rulebook. I think this was so well done that I've printed it and placed it in my Up Front binder as a way of cross-reference as I learn the game from the 2nd edition rules. This was not a copy-and-paste job, is well organized, and the concepts are much clearer to understand. All I have to do is ignore their change in Relative Range calculation. It's a shame it lacks illustrations and the promised tutorial, but it does reflect a thoughtful development rather than a slap-dash effort. My impression is that if the lawsuit hadn't existed, this would've been released sometime last year. Sadly, I share your pessimism about never seeing a proper re-release of the game. When looking at this from Rik Falch's viewpoint, there is no reason to post an update considering everyone knows what happened. There is nothing for him to be gained by posting because it would only get massive rebuke from everyone anyway, even if it were an apology. Plus, it all seemed to work out for him apart from the damage to his reputation. He managed to pay off his rather large debt to a contributor and land a nice job in Australia in the process. No lawyer will sue because there will not be any money left and proving fraud may be just too difficult for any AG to take on (intent has to be proven). Whether accidentally or on purpose, Rik managed to find a loophole in Kickstarter which allowed him to raise $339,000 for Up Front and $107,000 for Airborne in Your Pocket and not have to deliver either game. About the best that can be hoped for is that there are rule changes to at least ban from Kickstarter those who do not deliver what is promised within a predetermined time frame. Whether Rik's actions were intentional from the beginning, the total result of poor decision making or somewhere in the middle, the most damning part of what he did at least in my mind was the use of volunteers to do the artwork (or heavy lifting) of the game production which essentially slowed it all down to a crawl. Especially when it was later revealed that the artists were not given any deadline to complete their work. That's pretty hard to excuse considering all the money he raised. Part of which could have been used to fast-track the art production by paying qualified artists and establishing short, solid deadlines which could have at least gotten the basic game to the printers in six months time. But that didn't happen and instead it seemed that there was every effort to hang on to every penny of the money raised. Now we see the end result of where all that money went. It's a shame, really. I believe that had Up Front been refurbished with new action decks, better physical components and a re-organized rulebook it might very well have appealed to gamers beyond just those who remember the old game. It may not have had the impact of the "Combat Commander" series, but it might have filled a vacant niche in the WWII game releases. Now we have the "free" version that has been bandied about on BGG, many elements of which have been around for years (see Joe Steadman's video) and collecting the old game on eBay and similar sites. I now have re-collected all of the original releases, so I may be content with what I have, but it may be a long time before Up Front gets the real treatment it deserves if at all. I think an update is long overdue. Even if it is of the "sorry this project is dead" variety. Considering the fact that a third of a million dollars was spent by backers two years ago shouldn't there be something here to tell us what happened? I think so. <url>#17815133 Ready for the next update now! Hello? If by some miracle there is money left to get this game printed (and a bigger miracle that Rik desires to still do it) I'd like to say I'm fine with stripping away most of the stretch rewards to get at least the main factions printed (USA, Russia, Germany, Japan, Britain, Italy, France). So we at least have something, especially new action decks. From what it appears, the settlement as expected will leave relatively little in the way of money to continue the Up Front project. Not that it had any chance of continuing anyway because the contract with Mr. Allen was going to run out next month. Of course, this assumes that Rik had full permission to actually publish the game in the first place from Hasbro, but that is another argument for another time. Basically, $135K was paid to the plaintiff with $125K being held by the court which will no doubt be used to pay all the fees. While this actually leaves about $80,000, I would expect that to be divvied up as well. So, we are left holding the bag as they say. A settlement was predictable as it appeared Rik and his co-hort had little chance of winning. There might be some official word from Rik or not, who knows. Perhaps his volunteer staff which has toiled away on this project will now have the freedom to speak out. What I can say is that for me this has been quite the learning experience that cost me $125. While others have paid considerably more and everyone deserves something for what they put in, I will not hold my breath. I've forgiven Rik already, but I can hope that Kickstarter may actually change because of this event and others which have created a nifty little loophole for people to raise money and then get away from their commitments scot-free. No lawsuit will get the money back and an AG will have to prove fraud (it's tough, but possible if Rik didn't get full permission to publish the game). It's funny, it doesn't feel like the end but I'm not sure if that's because we are not even close or it was really over with before it all started. Yes no more excuse about not commenting officially kill this thing now so at least we can move on. You owe us that at least. It would be nice to get an official comment here ASAP. Settled in court now Take a look here: <url>#&!! are smoking man? ;) @Isaak, that update is from January 2, 2014, a year ago. Stalking the various Falch projects. Airborne in your Pocket just got an update. It mentioned Up Front has volunteers working on completion. While I seriously doubt it means anything in theory something may still be happening. Any lawyer that is going to be hired to file a class action suit is going to wait until the current lawsuit is resolved one way or another before taking action anyway, so the point is rather moot. This is because all lawyers want to get paid for their work and that will come from a percentage of the money that is owed to the backers. With the fate of the money in doubt, no action is going to take place. Unless you believe that the backers are going to pony up even more money to pay the lawyer's fees? If the money is gone, so is the class-action lawsuit. There will be no financial recourse, but another approach would be for an AG to file charges against Rik for fraud. Like the class action suit that will have to wait until the current lawsuit is resolved before any AG will take action. That's because Rik's actions in this lawsuit are pertinent to any criminal case that will be filed against him. So basically, we have to wait and see. Timing is not appropriate? I don't know about that. The fact that money is tied up in some other lawsuit against the company does not negate that money was solicited from the public for a certain project that was expected to be completed by June 2013, later revised to November 2013, and that not only has the project not been completed, but no communication regarding the situation or status of the project has been released in many months now. It's up to Rik Falch to either come up with money from some other source to complete the project, or just declare bankruptcy and be done with it. Since he has done neither, or even communicated with us in many months lends one to believe that that the project has been abandoned and the money used for other purposes, for example legal fees or paying off some other old debt. Thus I see no reason why, if people are so inclined, to immediately begin a lawsuit in either an attempt to recover public money, or to force the issue one way or another. @Raging Robot, Totally agree with you! Now how do we get our money back? As far as I know, there is no class or "claws" action suit that has been filed against Rik or anyone else involved in terms of this Kickstarter campaign. The timing would not be appropriate now anyway because all the money is tied up in the current lawsuit that has been filed against Rik & and Cohorts. The trial is set to start sometime in February and depending on how it concludes will determine whether enough people feel warranted in going after Rik in a class action suit for this Kickstarter project. claws is fine. It's even a claws action slit. claws => class Anyone know about a claws action sit? If anyone in Australia backed this project, should be straightforward. Cheers! Has anybody managed to download the images from Dropbox ? @Marc: I will do my part in spreading the word about the integrity of Mr. Falch. Rik Falch has a facebook page and is currently living in Adelaide in Australia. One of the sad things about Kickstarter is you get so wrapped up in the hype during the campaign and can't wait to get your hands on the game. Then a year or more goes by and when you eventually do get your game all the hype and luster is gone and you are left with a game you can't remember backing or why and it just sits there unplayed. ;( If I do not, in one way or another, receive either the game or a full refund, this will be the last Kickstarter project I ever back. Remember, that's $33,948 that was ill gotten money that Amazon and Kickstarter ALSO stole from us! If they keep that money they are just as guilty as Rik in any lawsuit that is brought against Rik! This is just Bullshit! Kickstarter and Amazon each got 5% of this train wreck and have done nothing for us in regards to getting our money back! SHAME ON YOU KICKSTARTER AND AMAZON! If someone takes over a quarter million dollars from people and promises a product in a certain amount of time, they are liable! It doesn't matter if Rik's intentions were true or not, he took $339,848 from people and if he doesn't produce a product he is liable and needs to give us what was promised or pay that money back! There is no gray area here! It's not so much a question of whether an Attorney General "can" take up a case, it's whether they believe they have a real shot of winning the case. At this time, it's too early for any AG to start any action until we see how the lawsuit plays out and what happens to the money held up by the courts. By the end of February, I'll suspect we'll know. As far as I know the "falcher" is now residing in Australia, so probably out of reach of most recoup attempts. Pretty convenient, eh? Also, I believe that the gentleman who brought the lawsuit claimed on the BGG forums that he warned Kickstarter about the undisclosed risks involved ahead of time, but they didn't stop the campaign nor require that risk information to be disclosed to potential customers. In light of those facts, an AG might go after Kickstarter, too. An AG in any state where customers paid for goods, but didn't receive anything, can take up the cause. And whether a suspect has any assets today doesnt matter to them. Current earnings and future earnings and assets can be attached. <url>"we're tied up in court" or some such? Rik, not even considering the money, I'm disappointed in you as a human being. Since Rik appears to have run this campaign personally, does he have any personal assets a class action could go after? He has to have some money, right? Wooo! Thanks for the Bloom County reference Ken, made my day. @Isaak There is a BGG thread that has covered the entire process which I do not have a link to right now, but I'm sure it would be easy to find with the many-many-many posts that have been made on it. IMHO, while this project is not "officially" dead, it is for all intents and purposes dead because the lawsuit has held up the funds raised on this and "AIYP" Kickstarter projects until it is resolved which will not be until mid-to-late February, 2015 when the trial officially starts. Rik's contract to produce Up Front with Courtney Allen also ends in February, 2015 as well. My advice, sit tight and see what happens since nothing is going to happen before that (unless Rik settles the lawsuit early which I rather doubt). Once the lawsuit & contract have been resolved, the results will dictate what, if any action can be taken by the backers against Rik. However, the choices come down to a class action lawsuit to recoup our money, an investigation by a state AG for possible criminal charges against Rik or both. If the money raised by us is gone due to the lawsuit, then I'm not seeing any lawyer taking up a class action lawsuit against Rik simply because there is no money left to "get". Convincing a state AG to investigate and prosecute is also an uphill battle since fraud is tough to prove. However, if Rik didn't get permission from Hasbro, then it becomes a stronger possibility. The worst part about all of this is that we may never see Up Front in print again. No game company in their right mind is going to try another crowdfunding project and the legal issues that stopped MMP from producing the game years ago may still be in place. I just wished I had been a bit more skeptical before putting in my money, but I view it as a hard lesson learned. @Ken Would you be so kind as to post what, if any, information about this project's lawsuit gets released? I vaguely follow some BGG posts to try and stay in the loop but it is very sporadic. You seem like a level-headed gentleman who will give facts or good locations to learn for myself. I'd appreciate that help. I assume this project is dead and my money is gone but do want to see how this project does play out. Thanks. As a practical matter, it would be best before grabbing the pitchforks, lighting the torches and putting on the appropriate peasant gear before racing to deliver "justice" to Rik and what he has done to wait for two events to take place both of which happen in February, 2015. 1) The lawsuit trial in which the court has bottled up the money raised by this and the "Airborne in Your Pocket" Kickstarter campaigns. There are three possibilities; - Rik Wins the Lawsuit - Rik Loses the Lawsuit - Rik Settles the Lawsuit Option 2 & 3 means Rik will have no money, so no lawyer will sue him (Steve Dallas Rule #1: Never, Never Sue Poor People). If by the off-chance Rik Wins the lawsuit, then this will have to be taken into account; 2) Rik's "contract" running out with Courtney Allen Will Courtney Allen renew the contract with Rik? Will Rik if he has the money freed up then publish Up Front? While I have my opinions about it, no one outside of Courtney Allen and Rik will know the answer to that and only when the time comes. As far as a criminal prosecution, it should wait until the lawsuit is effective over as well before any options should be weighed. You have to prove "intent" for fraud charges to stick and I don't see any lawyer under the AG pursuing those charges given that Rik did publish updates and it didn't really stop until after the lawsuit was given standing...with one exception.... However, let's see what happens first. While I personally have forgiven Rik for what he did, I can say that he should be prosecuted if fraud can be properly demonstrated....and the only way I see that happening is if he didn't get permission from Hasbro to publish the game. Prove that and Rik would be very vulnerable because trying to sell something you do not have full permission to do is open and shut fraud. However, that will have to be proved... I really think the only thing we can do with this is contact the TX state attorney and file a lawsuit against Rik Falch otherwise he gets away with over $300K free and can do this again to someone else!! Is there anyone in TX who can start this and we as backers can all sign the class action lawsuit??? If we don't do anything he will get away with it and the A-holes of Kickstarter and Amazon will probably let him do another Kickstarter, like they've done with other A-hole creators! Kickstarter to me is becoming one of the best ponzie scheme generators of all time! @ B. Field Seriously? There has been no updates. Last one was in March. There is no mailing list. This dead I stopped receiving email updates a long time ago... possibly my IP decided they were spam. Any way to get back onto whatever mailing list still exists? This is just Bullshit! Kickstarter and Amazon each got 5% of this train wreck and have done nothing for us in regards to getting our money back! SHAME ON YOU KICKSTARTER AND AMAZON! "Rik Falch" has become the "Dr. Samuel Mudd" of his generation...anytime you get screwed on a deal you got "falched" My wife and I spent a tonne of cash on this one (per my suggestion) just like we spent a tonne of cash(close to 1 thousand dollars) on 2 Pandora linux consoles 5-6 years ago (again my suggestion) and we've yet to receive anything. So now the Pandora version 2.0 is being released, codename Pyra and we're still empty handed on all fronts. My confidence is shaken. I can't believe that I got took twice on the preorder scam. I expect it will be hard to get buy in from my wife in the future. At least our 2 copies of Draw Like A Boss, plus all the extras, are coming soon. So my $1500 dollar lesson is that 2 out of 3 preorders fail if one is over trusting and under diligent! I guess this project is dead, then? @andre thanks, i saw them ... i will use those files to "convert" russian and italians (and maybe greeks) to frontline d day cards .... so i will play solo ^___^ (concerning Up front i am very sorry to see how it does not go) @Dust & James You may want to scroll down the comments just a little, Marc Adda posted links to a bunch of files that may be of interest to you @Isaac from what I see, if they are volunteers then they hadn't be paid for that so why are they feel loyal to Rik? Or they were paid so they aren't volunteers to me so I could understand their point of view. If Rik will lose the cause on February and we'll be 100% sure that this game will never ever be printed, I will expect to see some reaction from these volunteers involved with him, sharing their works won't make them a thieves like him. @James I wish that too, but it seems no one saved them :( I wish now I'd downloaded and copied the card files that where shown so I could have at least played with some of them as they now seem to have gone. Did anyone download any? @Dust Forever No, the volunteers won't be making available all the work artefacts they've worked on. I've spoken with them. It's really too bad because then at least the backers could print up a good portion of the game, albeit at added expense. The sentiment I took away is that they wish to remain loyal to their employer. I will add that, since the very beginning, vis-à-vis the volunteers, I sense a not insignificant degree of naïveté. So, although loyalty is generally a virtue, here I don't think the volunteers realize that they're being loyal to an act of fraud. The end result, whether or not the volunteers want to admit to themselves, it makes them complicit in the deceit. You can't be both pregnant and not pregnant simultaneously. Well for one he's not going to forget it, that should really burn the Rikster @Gianni: And you intend to do what? October 2014. I'm without the game AND without the money. I'm not going to forget this, Mr. Falk. Kremlin was different because Fata Morgana owned the original game to wit Avalon Hill published their own version. The new Kickstarter version of Kremlin is based on the original and not the AH one, so Jolly Roger negotiated the rights from Fata Morgana in like six hours total according to the owner. I honestly do not know Hasbro's position on whether they still have a say in who publishes Up Front. Funny, I usually don't check in on kickstarter updates and comments, but I'd been wondering what happened to this game. This is certainly not the first time I've been cheated (maelstromgames.co.uk) and it won't be the last. I guess I was really out of the loop. Poor form since it seems that "Kremlin" kickstarter went on without a hitch and that game is currently in my possession. Really bad form from Rik Falch :) @ Brad, did you miss the October 16 update. "This update has been long overdue and for that we apologize. Many of you have probably been reading the comments on various websites that are offering information to our situation. The credibility of that information is really not all that great so decisions based on it may not be the best. We are going to get this game produced, we are working through the issues and we will update you with a completion date as soon as we know it. " - Rick Falch That was btw October 16 2013, the last real update posted. If you want more real info you can go to BGG this tread is pretty up to date with the whole mess <url>"How Projects Work" and had a good laugh. @Neal - also interested. I think i'm most upset about trusting Rik and backing AiYP before this item delivered. So, any shipping update? When is the game arriving? I kid. Congrats Ken on your eBay score. I may have to follow you into the breach at some point. Frankly, I've got a pile of other wargames yet unplayed since backing this one, so it may take me a while to get there. I would forgive if Rik If he would just come out of hiding in Australia ad simply apologize. It's just a shame.....all of this. @Ken agreed on forgiveness. I'll do my best to not hold a grudge. @Ken: Nice post. I also had Up Front/Banzai back in the 80s, but I purged my wargames when I felt I was never going to ever play them. Up Front was the only game in that collection I regret getting rid of. Glad to see that you also got the game back in your hands as I did. I'm teaching this to my dad and I have a great solitaire method, so this >will< get played this time. Can't say I forgive Rik as you have, but I'm not losing sleep over it. Matter of fact, I can't say that I have any real feelings at all. I've simply moved past it. I have the game, so that's all that matters. Thanks for sharing your Odyssey, and much respect to you! :) @Neal, So how do we go about getting Rik Falch in the WA state attorney general hit list? My Up Front Odyssey is Now Complete. I had to share this with someone today, so I guess it will be with you all or y'all. In late December, 2012 I put up $125 in this project confident that I would get all 7 nations and the extras. I had sold my Up Front collection several years ago so I thought this would be a good investment. Well, we all know how that has turned out so I set out to find the out of print copies online. I found Up Front at a good price fairly quickly (including extra actions decks, yay!), but I either didn't have the extra money, was too lazy or couldn't take advantage of getting Banzai until this past Sunday when I finally purchased one off eBay. The price was about $20 higher than what it normally went for, but I chalked it up to bad luck or not being "aggressive" enough in my previous attempts. I opened the box and inside was all the Banzai items AND Desert War. I went back and double checked the eBay seller and there was NO mention of Desert War being included. Everything is there and complete. My feedback gave the company an "A+++ which exceeded my expectations". It is a small victory I suppose as I never thought I could find Desert War separately. And while this doesn't make up for what Mr. Falch did to me and everyone else here at least I'm back to where I started. But in my good fortune the feelings that I had about this project came to the forefront so I felt obligated to make this post. I cannot forget what Rik Falch has done and I will warn anyone who every thinks of investing or purchasing something from him about what he did. But, I cannot stay mad at Rik any longer so I forgive him. I do not speak for anyone else, only myself and if you don't want to forgive him that is cool with me. But I'm letting this go for my own reasons. @Marc ADDA = Thank you so much for the link. That was the missing piece of the puzzle I needed to put everything together. This user's account has been deleted. It seems Kickstarter has heard from enough people to publish something; <url>"General of the Army" ... Bummer I just wanted the game ... "sighhhh." Ping. Sigh. Looks like Rik Falch found a way to pay his debts. How is stealing $340,000 not a crime? No more kickstarters for me. Oh well last update was on 21st of March, 5 months of dead silence, 14 months late, Still any believers? Rik Falch! Your name is mud now and you will never be able to successfully create another Kickstarter project because NO ONE will ever back you again! You lying con-artist! I want my refund!!! C'mon Brad/Rik humor us for old time sake what do you say? Once more into the breach!! So many promises left to tease...................all the new terrain types and cards,multiple copies of one of a kind special edition one shot only unique items, leather bound rule books, troops of all nations, exotic weapons and vehicles, carrying bags. Don't go out with a whimper cement your status as the biggest turd in the wargaming industry! It takes a special person to destroy such a beloved and revered title you owe it to yourself finish strong! Shit just relaunch the kickstarter verbatim KS/Amazon doesn't care per the comments below some people still are not aware. Round up your stooges ( volunteers ) and lets do this! Never mind. For those who are desirous of taking legal action, there are several states attorney's generals who will act on a case like this. It would take some google research to find them and then file complaints. I'd prefer to receive the finished product that I paid for rather than to sue, but if i'm not going to get the product, i want the money back. Rik time to step up and tell us what is happening No updates since March...What is the status??? Ooops...wrong KS...but it is nice to get away from the dark feelings that pervade Upfront comments...it is such a disappointment Mantic are experts at running kickstarters and manipulating their KS audience of backers. The excitement of every kickstarters exist in the brain of the backer audience. If the creators are crafty, they use this to manipulate excitement and enthusiasm in the backer audience, to maximise $$$$$, The game is $$$$$ and Mantic are masters at manipulating their audience. Right now, Dungeon Saga is little more than an idea, a few graphics and slightly-tested digital cards and, apart from a few resin miniatures, models based on or sourced from pre-existing games. That is why Dungeon Saga is not delivering for a whole year. There is no game. It only exists in the artificially generated excitement of people's minds. Sure, one day there will be a game...whether it is good or not we don't know...many comments are so caught in the excitement they ignore the fact that Kickstarter products often just are not good enough...that is the reason why for every KS game I have rated above 7 on BGG, there are another 10 KS games rated 5 or 6. Overall, the products of kickstarters are a disappointment. At least with Myth we have seen or received something real...and although as an international I have yet to play Myth, I still have the excitement because my imagining is that Myth will be great. The fact that Rik didn't offer an immediate settlement once the lawsuit had standing demonstrated that he had no intention of publishing Up Front or AIYP. Even if the settlement, court costs and lawyer's fees combined were $300,000, he still had over $140,000 to publish both games, more than enough to do the job especially since he used unpaid volunteers to do the work. If publishing Up Front was really Rik's dream, he certainly should have tried a lot harder to get it accomplished or simply not tried at all. Instead, he may have fell into a perfect solution for him at least. He raised more than enough money through KS to pay off the lawsuit and sit in Australia enjoying the good life with all of this behind him. We can get mad, we can even sue him, but he won't have the money to pay anyone back so to him, it's sipping more lattes. The plot of this would make for a pretty good book, "The Con Job". Was this all by accident or on purpose or perhaps a little of both with some luck thrown in? I know there are no heroes in this book. @ Joel, Regrettably the nicest most respectful come to Jesus see the light and do the right thing message will have absolutely zero effect. Rik gambled that he could play the company shell game to dodge prior financial commitments and use our money for this project. What he didn't count on was the lengths that a rube-scorned dupe would go to recover his multiple loans. Like others I have written this off and just gawk at the train wreck it has become. Ultimately our funds will be used to settle the judgements Rik and Co.have against them. History and documents have shown that personal integrity is not something that matters a whole lot to him so playing upon that will only cause further frustration. He has moved on to his new life and I would bet this whole episode doesn't cause any loss of sleep or distress. Make no mistake he could still communicate without disclosing legal details if he wanted to. It sure as hell would be uncomfortable and he would take a lot of well deserved heat and abuse but it would be a step in the right direction unfortunately though cowards are gonna coward. I have resigned to the fact that this project will never arrive at my doorstep. Rik, Please share some insight into what is going on with this project. You were always upfront in keeping us informed, then you just stopped communicating with your backers. We all miss that honest feedback were were accustomed to getting from you early on during this projects development. When do plan to update us again on this project and the troubles you may be addressing at this time? If this project is a lost cause and you cannot make good on your promises, then please refund the remaining project funds you collected from us. Each backer should receive a prorated amount based on the amount they pledged and the total funds remaining so you can close out this project as being an unsuccessful business endeavor. That is the least you can do because you have done nothing to earn our money since it was just loaned to you to enable you to complete a dream that you had to produce the UpFront game. I trusted you and gave you $125 and have received nothing from you in return, and have not been given the mutual respect that I deserve for trying to help you reach your goal to make this game a reality. Please renew the trust of all your UpFront backers and give us back some of our hard earned. We would like you to come out of the shadows and be an honorable trustworthy guy which is what we took you to be at the start of this kickstarter campaign. If your dream can't or won't ever be a reality, then our funding should not be used for any legal fees if you are involved in that kind of trouble. That money belongs to us and should be returned based on what is left over after paying your artist for the art work that was created during the project. Please do the right thing with all your backers! If anything, the future publication of Up Front is in serious doubt since who in their right mind is going to crowdfund yet another effort? Plus, the actual rights to publish are actually still in doubt since Hasbro's position is not really clear. Also, I would not count on whatever was developed in this effort to carry over to yet another game company, so it may be that they would have to start from scratch. In order to publish Up Front, a game company is going to have to get 100% clarity from Hasbro and basically put all the money up themselves for publication. The good news may be that there is sufficient interest in the game as shown here which might make a $20,000 to $30,000 initial investment pay off, but without crowdfunding it is not going to be easy. Whatever the case may be, we will not know anything until after Rik loses the rights to publish Up Front from Courtney Allen. We'll see who takes up the challenge, if anyone. All I can say is that unless I had an ironclad statement from Hasbro that could hold up in court, I wouldn't even consider publishing a new version. Another sad thing is the silence of Bradley K. and Todd of the last months, they were the only source of news :( Does anyone is thinking about a Class Action Lawsuit here ? The_Healer, Although I can't guarantee that KS will be found liable, I have a hard time believing it's legal for them to just throw a website up and not have any responsibility for what happens and still collect a check. In my eyes, they are still very guilty of neglect. I wonder which Santos office he works at... anyone know a good Donk Kevin In another failed project I was in the project owner claimed it was dead. We thus took it to kickstarter and asked them to intervene. There response was that they officially just provide a sight and set the rules. they do nothing to enforce those rules and have no policy for refunds if you get ripped off. That there rules where there so individually we could go to court if we wanted. I am paraphrasing but the basic response was we are just a web page provider don't blame us if you thought we vetted these projects or provided any type of service. There response or lack thereof has basically mad me reconsider the platform and only back products from people I have already successfully gotten products from. Chris, LLCs are fairly easy to pierce in court. They are not protected from liability or fraud. I'm already having my lawyer look into it. Also into KS liability. They are the brokers of the transaction & should not get to keep their commission and be excused from oversight. As long as the creator had the good sense to create an LLC specifically for the project (as I believe Radiant is), backers will have no real recourse when a project fails to deliver due to running out of money (for whatever reason). The LLC has an obligation to deliver a product or a refund, but once it goes bust those obligations go with it. That's why it's called limited liability, and why it seems important for everyone involved with a Kickstarter project to figure out where backers' obligations rank (ahead of unpaid artists? unsecured loans? and so on). The only thing you can do really is sue Rik personally for fraud, which seems plausible but quixotic. An LLC is very hard to hold to account when things go really bad, especially on a relatively small scale like this. Between this and Gettysburg: Valley of Death, I'm done with KS. I'm out $225 for UF and I almost wish VoD was never produced ($395 for a turd of a game). It has the worst rulebook ever made and 2nd worst game support (next to GRD/HMS). Karma has a way of catching up to those who do wrong, sometimes in very unusual ways. Voodoo can help... What kind of justice system do we have if Rik walks away scot free? There should be something to nail this guy. @Joe - That would totally piss me off. @kduke42 - That totally pisses me off. Anybody know anybody in Australia that can go and knock some sence into him? What I find particularly galling is I paid $270 on this KS and part of that money paid for a copy of D-Day Dice - which has already been produced! Why can't this be sent to KS supporters? Surely that would be the absolute minimum Falch et al could do? As far as KS goes, eventually a failed KS will upset the wrong person and they will take them to court. If there is the will, and enough cash, a legal challenge to KS could well shut the whole thing down while a legal battle is conducted. If this were to happen, KS has only itself to blame as it clearly is happy to take its cut from investors' investment without any responsibility for protecting said investors. Very poor indeed. Spending our money down under. <url>’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. If I read this, Rik is required to refund us if he is unable to fulfill, minus the Kickstarter fees of about %10. Again, he is the creator and therefore in my eyes, responsible to reimburse if he can't complete the project. As stated in the question, a reason that was beyond the control of the company itself for not delivering what was promised. Similar to the example you cite, a typhoon that destroys the company's facilities would certainly be a legitimate, honest reason for not delivering the product and I dare say that most backers would understand that, even if they remain disappointed. However, a company that burns through the money or just quits is not an honest, legitimate reason because it was within their power to fulfill their promise, but they didn't do it. Another example, if they miscalculated how much money it would take to deliver the project, that again is a reason that is within their control since they certainly should know how much it should take and even add to that for the minimum amount required to cover themselves. I'm simply asking if there is any Kickstarter example of a gaming project that was not delivered for reasons that were beyond the control of the company. Greater than Games got delayed by a typhon IIRC but they did manage to deliver. Steve Jackson did too. There was other projects that got entirely funded but didn't manage to deliver, usually because the developpers throw the towel or burn all the money... The tricky part of your question would be : what is your definition of an acceptable reason not to deliver ? I guess my curiosity is such that I'm somewhat perplexed by those who consider Kickstarter a "crapshoot" in terms of which projects go through and which do not, so I have a question; Has there ever been a Kickstarter project related to a game that raised at least the minimal amount of money for publication, but did not deliver for an honest, legitimate reason? In essence, a reason outside the control of the company itself? What we have here with Up Front & Airborne in your Pocket certainly qualifies as well within the control of Rik. So what real life example is there of a company that honestly did everything right and yet could not deliver for an acceptable reason? Just askin'. I know complaining to KS is futile, but I just tried. I too am officially done with KS. Short of going to court, I see no way to get money back from Up Front. I'm out $125 but I understood that this, like any any other Kickstarter, is a crapshoot. Sometimes you lose. I've seen other projects vanish in a puff of smoke so that this was another one doesn't entirely surprise me. The terms and conditions clearly state that people who pledge are taking a chance. We paid upfront and Rik has the money in his pocket. Perhaps he chose the game titles as subtle messages. Interestingly enough, he logs in from time to time to read our posts. Wonder what he thinks about them. I was wondering if anyone might have considered that Rik is the one who is actually personally responsible? Last time I looked, this project has his name attached, not Radiant. Maybe we should look at putting a lien as a group on his property in Australia? Just a thought. There is actually an important legal precedent which should be set here, and would be good work out. My read of the situation is that Kickstarter backers are creditors, in that they are owed something by the creator (Radiant) - either a product or a refund. I think there is no legal precent for where that obligation ranks in the claims hierarchy when a company goes bankrupt. So, if Radiant has assets when/if it goes bust, who gets the money? Are backers due a refund before or after other creditors? In this case it probably makes no difference as there will likely be no money left after lawyers fees and other expenses, but it would be really good to know what the answer is for a variety of reasons. It does seem logical that backers should get at least some money back before other creditors, but logic is not the way these things always work. Hell is coming Rik, and the fire is hot. This is the first KS project I've invested in that did not happen. I'm out $125 and I'm not at all happy about that. However, I've learned from my mistake and I will do better diligence in the future before I pony up any more money on a KS project. It was not cheap, but I view it as the price of an education. As I said, I have learned. does anyone know where to find the files from Chris Erdelyi? For thoses that posted that the lawsuit was filled after the end of the KS this is actually only partially true. Several other lawsuit had already been filled and judged against Rik and the company whose logo was on this KS page when it launch : Valley Games, they were condamned to up to 250k $. Thoses judgement where domesticated in Texas and Radiant was implicated when proofs were founds that Rik and Valley tried to move assets between Valley and Radiant for free. Thoses assets including Up Front and AiyP. There was ample warning on specialised gaming site and even here about the several judgement that Rik Falch and his society had against him. They were dismissed and people warning called "haters" and shut down. I suggest to everyone that lose money on this to go to BGG read the What does it Mean for Up front thread, they will found here every court document and deposition about thoses lawsuits and the consequence. Disclaimer, my resume of the situation is partial and from memory, and is a mere opinion. From Feedblitz: gamesontables.com/blog/2014/04/20/building-front What a cowardly and childish post To all fellow backers. If you do come across Rik Falch, please be considerate before beating him up. You might end up having a law suit against you if you do that. However, if you do decide to do something like that, make sure that you remain nameless and do not implicate yourselves in posting any images or messages about how much you beat him up. If any such pictures were to turn up online, however, please do let me know, as I would most certainly be happy to see them. After all, any justice that will be applied by the legal systems in the US will most likely not recompense anyone of us in any satisfying way. PLEASE, EVERYONE SIGN THE PETITION LISTED BY YANIK BELOW. It's been said that the internet divides more people than it brings together. I would think that any lawsuit that is brought because of this would be against Rik 'n crew first simply because they are the ones who promised this product and failed to deliver. I suspect that the first lawsuit that succeeds against any company that used Kickstarter to rip people off would create changes with KS & Amazon Payments. Especially if there is a judge's ruling that sets a precedent where they could be connected in some manner. But since that hasn't happened yet, I do not see KS or Amazon Payments changing their policies at this point. In some ways, we are really at the beginning of all this and it wouldn't surprise me to see some major changes in how crowdfunding operations like this work in the future. I think pressure has got to be directed towards Amazon Payments. Their current policy of when you can dispute a charge after the fact doesn't align itself with the reality of KS projects. So how can they A) make all KS charges funnel through Amazon and B) have a policy that in no way reflects the nature of KS projects, i.e. coming out at least 6 months after you're charged with some scheduled not to be completed for over a year. It is too bad Kickstarter couldn't administer the funds with milestones, deliverables and partial payouts for goals reached / project progressions. Of course that opens them to a great deal more responsibility, liability and raises their operating costs a great deal. I've cut back a great deal on my interests and participation with Kickstarter projects. The only ones I've back in the past year are those of people I've met or have at least 2nd hand contact with which greatly limits what I am getting involved with these days. No guarantee that some of these won't fail, however since I know the parties involved any losses will feel more like contributions I might have made towards a good cause anyway. Besides, none of them have terrible business practices and won't in any way feel like I've been defrauded. @Yanik thanks for the link <url>"oh, sorry... things didn't work out but thanks for your money!" Get real and stop supporting someone who is starting to make me feel as if I just got scammed! Yes, I agree this is all baseless speculation. However, lawsuits will not get Up Front printed or arguably get 10% of your money back if you are lucky. About the only real positive that might come out of all of this is that courts set a precedent to make suing a company easier when the fail to live up to their obligations on Kickstarter who also might institute new rules. So, for future Kickstarter campaigns we might see more protection. However, as for Up Front I wouldn't think that no game company in their right mind would touch it with a 10 foot pole. No way is anyone going to do another crowdfunding campaign for Up Front, so they will have to do all the work themselves assuming that Hasbro lets them publish it in the first place. I frankly do not see Up Front going anywhere in the foreseeable future unless Hasbro itself decides there is enough money to make it worth their while. All of this is really baseless speculation and not really helping solve the issue at hand. Anyone here in Alberta? I am thinking of doing a small claims case Both AIYP & Up Front raised over $442,000. Had he settled quickly for $250,000, he would have had over $192,000 left. That's more than enough to print both games and include all the stretch goals (especially with volunteers doing the work). Besides, Rik STATED that he could do that last fall even if he lost the lawsuit. It's certainly a legit assumption that Rik might think he could win the lawsuit easily, but that doesn't matter anymore with Up Front since his contract with the designer runs out around the time the trial begins next February. My questions is, knowing that a delay of that nature would kill Up Front, why didn't he settle immediately last year when this first came about so he could still print both games and make money? A possible answer, Rik might have felt that Hasbro was going to sue for copyright infringement. Despite his assurances, It's quite possible that Rik never got an ironclad statement from Hasbro which gave him full permission to reprint the game. Given what Hasbro did with Hex: Shards of Fate, it does fit with Rik's non-actions to stretch this whole process out to the trial and then settle when its too late to for him to print the game. However, I'll admit that there are other possibilities out there and we'll probably never know the full truth anyway. 60k$ is the minimum for the core game and probably some faction expansions, not for all the unlocked stretch goals so in the end he couldn't fullfill the KS. Don't know why Rik was so sure to win to follow, probably he trusted too much his lawyers? I believe the actual timing of the lawsuit is not relevant, but rather whether Rik was aware that his business practices were such that his company was vulnerable to a legitimate lawsuit that could endanger the Up Front project. From all appearances, the answer seems to be "yes" in which case it would be proper to call it "fraud". I'm simply surprised that Rik didn't offer an immediate settlement that would have minimized the court & lawyers' fees and then plowed straight into publishing the game given the time restriction that he has. $60,000 was the minimum needed to publish AIYP and Up Front and if he offered a $250,000 settlement that included everything, then he would still have more than enough money for publication. In fact, he even said as much last fall. But he didn't. I would like to see whatever agreement Rik had with Hasbro, I think that would answer a very important question about all of this. Regardless of when the plaintiff decided to file, it was the responsibility of the Kickstarter project owner to make sure they listed the risks of in the appropriate section. While some things may blindside you - the fact you have a previous company that is in default and had not one but two judgements already decided against is not an unknown. There is more to it than that, much of which has come out in the months since the KS ended. The risks and challenges section and its lack of any note that funds could be at risk or that ongoing legal challenges with another company they owned might cause delays is one of the areas where one might construe possible fraud prior to the KIckstarter closing. I realize the main reason for not stating this information where it should have been was to avoid frightening off prospective backers, however it is there for a reason. At this time there is really no reason for anyone to list anything negative there if they aren't ethical or honest - no one seems to vet any of that information at this time. In hindsight, the fact that there really wasn't anything about any possible negatives there should have been a big warning to me originally. Basically they said we strive for quality, we've had a success and the other is well on its way - that sounds more like a statement of support that they can get it done, not a here are some possible issues or elements that could influence things. The lawsuit was conveniently delayed and filed the week after the KS funding campaign. My oldest one that is still unfilled is September 2012. I am expecting it to deliver Q3. I don't know about all of that. Again, I was just wondering out loud about the timing. Truth be told, I'm one of the ones holding out that things will still work out. After all, what do I have to lose? Seems those who whine the most were those who felt there was a risk going in, this project is not the longest delayed Ive seen. If you wanted to buy a game go to a shop, this was investing in a project and all investments can fail. KS is not a shopping Mall its where you give money to projects you wish to see succeed. Many of the Social projects I invest in I get no reward other than knowing I made the world a better place. If you wanted to BUY up front you should have waited until it was available in a shop. It was perfectly clear going in that this project had some risk, so don't complain know when the risk has delayed it all I'm sure this is answered *somewhere* but.... Did the lawsuit get filed before or after this KS funded? If before, well then it is what it is but if after.... Well then I blame the gent that filed it as well - now yeah, he was owed money and has a right to get it - but if he was aware of this KS and saw that it funded or was about to fund - then that COULD mean he saw that the money (our money) would soon be available and the timing right for the suite even though that meant stepping on us. If that's true ( and I don't know) then shame in Rik for not paying his debts but also shame on the other guy for getting his money back on the backs of our investment. @ Mark D "I personally think kickstarter has fault in this also." I agree, after a 3 month silence and a year late on delivery by the project leader. I would definitely like to see some involvement by Kickstarter. Lance, I understand your point of view in that there were people crying "fraud" early on who had no basis to do so considering what we really knew in the early part of 2013. I'm certainly not attempting to dispute that point. As to the rest of your statement, taking into account what Rik stated last year that even if the lawsuit was successful, there would still be more than enough money to fund both games, it seems to me that his actions have certainly not lived up to his words. Since 97% of all civil cases end in either dismissal or settlement with no inference of guilt because many innocent parties settle just to get it behind them. From a strictly financial point of view, Rik should have offered a settlement immediately and then taken the $180,000 left over and printed both games as he stated he could. An immediate settlement could have included what little court costs and lawyer fees had built up during that time. But waiting only makes it worse. Instead, everything is tied up until the trial in February, 2015. Win or lose, it seems rather impossible he could print Up Front anyway since his contract with Courtney Allen will be up at that point and whatever excessive funds were raised will be drained away by court cost and lawyer fees. I do wonder if this all revolves around a concern that some had early on and now is reinforced by their recent actions against Hex: Shards of Fate. Hasbro waited until that game was just about ready to go online when BOOM! they dropped a lawsuit. While Rik assured everyone that Hasbro was on board, unless he got that in crystal-clear writing that is lawsuit-proof, are we really sure that Hasbro approved of all this? If Rik himself is not really sure, then his actions fit along the lines we've seen. Delay until all expectations of printing the game is gone and then settle. Throw up his hands and claim, "what could I do?". P.S. If Rik was honest in his business dealings and this lawsuit was unfounded, then it is a bad investment or really, an unfortunate event. However, if Rik understood that a lawsuit of this type was an actual possibility based on his business dealings, then it is fraud. All of this assumes that we, the backers were kept in the dark about all of this. It's only both if we all knew about the lawsuit or at least the real possibility of one and invested anyway in the hopes that the project would succeed. Speaking for myself, when I made the decision to back this project which was in December, 2012, I was not aware of any lawsuit or trouble in any real sense. Perhaps I should have been more diligent, but it's pretty hard to know what to look for or believe since rumors fly around about many companies. If anything, it certainly can be described as a "hard lesson" that all of us who backed the project learned. I personally think kickstarter has fault in this also. It seems they don't do any background checks. They just listen to the flim flam man and throw it up against the wall to see if it sticks. If it doesn't they wash their hands of it. But don't forget they got their cut. You never see them come on and say please disregard this project or this project has been found to be false. All sponsors will be refunded a percentage that was paid to us for compensation. What we get....no comment. To bad so sad. Where this should fail for them is that people stop sponsoring and they make no more money. Ebay started off that way and still has problems. But at least they try to hold sellers as well as buyers accountable and try to resolve it, and have a feedback rating to help guide you. I am sure someone is already out there trying to sue kickstarter and probably some scam artists too....To bad. Take care all 1 of the 2,407 suckers. @ ken P.S. Fraud and a "bad investment" can be the same thing. @ Ken, again nobody can prove Rik had intent to defraud his investors or the backers they can only say that he mishandled the business end of the deal and that led to the train wreck we have here now and yes he is to blame but the quick, and easy to make, accusations of evil intent are groundless, after all he had a chance to make a profit if the project succeeded and i see no evidence he walked away with any money even tho' people really want to believe that because somehow it makes them feel better about whats happening, which was my point to begin with. Anyone familiar with the process of starting a class action suit? Assuming we do not get what we invested in, is this a case of fraud or just a "bad investment"? Just what exactly is a "bad investment" that doesn't involve fraud on Kickstarter? To me, a "bad investment" that was not fraud would constitute a company blindsided by something unexpected that occurred after the Kickstarter project was started, such as their facilities being wiped out by an "Act of God" or some other unforeseen circumstance. I would think that if it was foreseeable, then it would be considered a fraud to start a project knowing that it could be sidetracked. The question here is, was it foreseeable by Rik that this project could be significantly set back or even derailed by the lawsuit which occurred? It all revolves around when the original investment was made, the terms of the investment and if Rik lived up to those terms. If Rik was living up to his end of the deal, then the lawsuit would be frivolous and unforeseen. If Rik was not living up to his end of the deal, then his "hope" that the person would not sue is hardly grounds to say that it was an "unforeseen" event. However, I will not draw a conclusion if there is some answer which applies to this situation that would constitute an unforeseen event. I am just asking a question here and do not want to get dragged into an argument, but I am curious as to what constitutes a "bad investment" instead of fraud in this particular situation. Sure it can be fraud after the fact or could just be they cant do anything until the litigation ends and yes they should keep us informed, my point was that accusations of fraudulent intent from day one of launch are clearly false but are made constantly on this forum by people who would rather claim they were duped than say they made what turned out to be bad investment. Did you already sent the survey? Because until now I did not received. @Lance some major problems are now appearing since RG, Rik, and others have gone completely dark and refuse to provide updates or respond to written requests. They have a responsibility according to the agreements they made when starting the Kickstarter to keep us in the loop. This doesn't go away when they they've made bad decisions or face legal issues. There is NO excuse for not at least keeping us up-to-date. They don't have to go into detail about any of their legal matters or divulge private data. True, there is likely to be a lot of negative comments and even more requests for information that's going to make life uncomfortable. Regardless, by the agreements they made in stating this Kickstarter - they took the money and have a responsibility to not just hide away and ignore legitimate requests for a response. This is one of the prime reasons I file my complaint. It's one thing to run into trouble but this really smells like taking the money and running. I doubt we'll ever see an accounting of how much money is/was left or how it was spent at this point or what happen to the funds after 60% was held. What happened to the other 40% - they owe an accounting of the state of what is happening with that. I realize much or all of it was already spent on artist, supplies, and some legal fees. However, if a majority is or was spent on legal defense for a prior legal situation that wasn't in the risks section, we as backers should be allowed at least the knowledge of that. Kickstart campaigns are not a blank license to raise funds and then just go - opps, we have a problem - no communications - no funds - no accounting for the funds - no communications. That certainly can lead backers to feeling there may be fraud afoot. Fraud doesn't have to happen prior to the fund raising - it can be construed if there was deliberate misdirection, lying, or deception while they were trying to continue produce the game - especially if it was intended to delay or avoid having backers file for refunds or seek recourse when there may have been still time to do so through they're payment systems. How can it be a clever cheat when RG had all the money frozen and taken away from it by court order?, doesn't seem that clever. I think the people who see conspiracy's would rather feel that THEY were duped, rather than they made a bad INVESTMENT. What i see here are bad business practices on the part of RG that led to the derailment of the company and its projects, lots of legitimate criticisms on how RG handled the funding of the projects can be made but outright accusations of theft are clearly unfounded. So are we all the victims of a clever cheat? According to the author of The Gaming Gang it is so. What I would kindly ask of Kickstarter is to be much more vigilant if projects are started by people who have legal action already running against them. I am ready to take the risk to fund a project that does not come to fruition for a myriad of reason - except for one: criminal intent. KS promises to monitor and to take action. I wonder if they could at least comment on this project here? It seems that Kickstarter needs a feedback system like Ebay. Anyway, I put in this project 260 US$ and I'd like to get the game, one day, or my money back. Well...just finished filing a complaint with the Washington State AG. Looking into filing one with the Texas AG as well, but too much to do over the next few days to do much on that end. I will update in the comments if anything (either way) comes of it. I too would like to comment that the difficulties incurred during the KS campaign is not a typical experience on Kickstarter. I have been pleasantly surprised by the games I've backed and received through this platform. It is of importance to note that not only would I have never heard of several of those games without KS, but they may well have never seen the light of day and been produced at all without KS backer support. I would like to echo Ken's comments. I have been a backer of many KS projects (over 50) and though some were delayed, the overall experience has been very good! Rik is the rare exception - not the rule. Gamelyn Games is an example of great original games from an exception individual, who cares about informing his gaming brethren. Even with the projects that have been delayed, after the product was in hand - I have always been more than satisfied. Kickstarter has allowed these budding developers, cartoonists, techies, etc. to be able to give us the fruits of their labors that may otherwise be lost and only captured in a fleeting dream. I will be playing Dungeon Roll years from now, reading the Dresdan Codak graphic novel, watching Noir, or having my Firefly twinkle against the leaves outside on a summer night. Kickstarter and some of the amazing people who risk ridicule or worse, take a chance to believe in an idea. I enjoy the journey and am willing to take that educated risk. Rik is just one bad apple in a bushel of interesting, fresh and often funny ideas. Thought today of all days we might get an Update but I guess this KS is dead now :( Chris, it appears that I have the same issue. If KS can't monitor these projects better than this...I'm done. Just a side note as a backer of Up Front. I just received my copy of "Kremlin" today which came just under five months late which normally would be a slight concern. However, during that entire time I don't think more than two weeks went by without getting an update from Jolly Roger Games. He stayed on top of this, kept us informed about every detail and answered questions promptly. Contrasting this with my "Up Front" experience which has now gone dark from Rik and his volunteers Bradley and Todd who have clearly been told to either stop what they are doing or simply to no longer communicate with us. Jolly Roger Games has shown me that there are still good people on Kickstarter. Especially considering that my meager $25 contribution got me free shipping of the game which is quite remarkable. If Jolly Roger has another game that interests me, I will gladly back it. As for Rik, he got my money and all I got were a lot of empty promises. I'd almost laugh if he hadn't took more money from others who had a lot of faith in him. It's a bitter lesson for sure, but perhaps there is some hope in that gamers like myself will be a little more wary when jumping into KS projects without a proven track record of success. I'm officially done with KS! Between Tides of War Gettysburg, Up Front, and Airborne, I honestly don't which project pissed me off more! I did, however manage to get a refund for Tides of War Gettysburg after threatening to report the project to the FBI Internet Fraud Division. A few got a refund from Amazon Payment, then Rik make an answer and shutdown this way. Since only thoses that managed to get a charge back from their credit card and insurrance company did get out. None of the refund offered and asked for Airborne in Your Pocket were actually made. Has anyone who requested a refund received one? The one thing this kickstarter taught me is, if the offer is too good to be true and it's from a no-name company/person.. RUN! I originally backed this then backed out due to that concern... Then in the last day I caved in and backed it again. Thankfully this a**hole only scammed $40 from me. I had a look at Rik's facebook page. He certainly is living it up large here in Australia. He acts like he is a local now. Bugger that he is no Australian. Acts all high and mighty like he is some good Christian too. What I gave up for lent. What crap. I would believe that he is probably living it up on the remainder of the funds that weren't seized. Well like I said before Australia's gaming community isn't that large we will probably cross paths. If we do I will let you know what happens. There are other Australians who pledged to this game so maybe they would also like to cross paths with Rik. This guy really has just forgotten we exist. Karma has a way of catching up with people like Rik. Be respectful and considerate. Wow KS! Mr F*****g Prik Falch and yourselves are a disgrace. Why don't you show some respect and consideration for the people who have paid their hard earned money to a project that you have washed your hands of? Two projects, actually, from Mr Prik. No doubt someone, somewhere, is making money from this heap of shite called KS, but not from me anymore. So I'm poor and really have to pick and choose where my funds go. I've been wanting this game for so long and was constantly sniped on ebay. In fact one picture of the game on the geek is the one I was so sure was finally mine. Alas that was sniped too and serves as a constant reminder. See this kickstarter appeared! I was kind of iffy on the fact that certain gameplay elements were changed, yet on the other hand it was to be more modern and fresh! I allowed myself to spend to the CPT level to lock in some goodness. Unfortunately I asked my spouse to sign up too around the $125 level. Imagine my shame wasting $400 on something we couldn't really afford. I had been trying for 10 years to get a reasonably priced copy so I convinced us both it was worth it. What's worse is I did another bad call when I preordered to handheld computers from openpandora. It was to help me through my engineering classes. Again I bought two copies for myself and my love with cases and other extras. So that was 2009. Whenever any preorderer asked what was going on the forums would erupt and attack the preorderers that if not for their contribution the Pandora would not have existed! They were so mean that many people started asking for refunds especially since the forum members that actually got their devices before the preorderers did, told them in no uncertain terms to cancel. This caused one of the two partners to go bankrupt. The other partner did little to address the issue because he felt it was not his problem. He made all kinds of promises as to how he was going to reach out to blogs with review units and ramp up advertising. Any suggestions to help solve the problem was instantly shut down by an angry insular crowd steeped in herd mentality. They would rage about the silliest things and deny common sense, only later to adopt said common sense as if it were their own ideas originally. So now my health is falling and the two things that I really really wanted will probably never happen for me and I had already given up on everything else. I just wanted my up front after chasing it for more than a decade and our little pandoras we've been waiting five long years for. So much time has gone by that they will be releasing the next version of the pandora called the pyra. But with medical bills the way they are we won't be able to afford the upgrade cost for them anyway. Sorry for the rant. Just feeling a little disapointed with my choice of idiotic dreams. Can't even do the artscow up front path now with all the medical bills. Carrot and stick. These arseholes bled us from the beginning. I suspect the chance for a digital copy is close to 0%. I suspect Mr. Allen would be rather upset (rightly so) if they release it that way as it would further devalue his IP without providing him with any earnings. Hmm, that's another POV that I hadn't thought about - even if the funds were eventually released, not only does there need to be enough to produce and ship the game but also enough to pay Mr. Allen his licensing. I heard of one situation where this happened but I cannot recall to whom or when this happened. They had the product ready to go but after production costs were calculated the licensing on top of that made it impossible to go forward - the producers would have lost a fair amount of money if it went forward so they cancelled it. Welp... Looks like I have my first kickstarter ripoff. A costly lesson, but I'm not discouraged. I had 22 other KS's that went just fine (including 2 the just failed). Still, a cheaper failure would have been appreciated. I can hope we get something out of this, even if it's just a digital copy. Well even though I am out $$$ for both UF and AIYP at the very least everyone on each of these ccomment boards and on BGG helped me to track down the games to play. They are both very fun and extremely thematic. Shame the mistakes of others have to be reflected onto people who simply wanted to play rad games and have fun. Well, it looks like this project is unofficially dead. I lost a lot of money myself to Rik by backing this project at $125 and Airborne at $150. Also, I guess my line-for-life at $125 for D-Day Dice is now defunct. Like Daniel, I am not sure I will ever back another Kickstarter after this. I mostly backed these projects to help out the publisher, knowing I could get the game cheaper when it hit the gamer market… so, from now on, I think I will just wait it out. $900 and no update? At least Ric will review this 'special case' soon. Wow, Daniel. That's a bad run. I've not had the same experience, however your situation does give me pause. I will never support another Kick Starter project again. To date I have lost $601 to fraudulent game producers: $125 to Upfront; $105 to Airborne in Your Pocket and $371 to Tides of War Gettysburg. I have received some outstanding projects such as Hoplomachus, and Sails of Glory; but on this whole KS has been disastrous to the hobby. I wonder when the class actions suits will start and blow away the "Clean Hands" theory of KS? The Texas Supreme Court just shot down VRE's last defenses. The trial begins February 16, 2015, several days before the license from the designer lapses. This project is officially KIA, as the license being reassigned to another publisher or the eventual loss in the trial case will come before this game ever gets completed. We can only hope that another publisher will pick up this title in a few years. Until then, play your well worn copies. It looks like I'm out $125. That is sad to me, mostly because I presumed we gamers were a bit more of a brotherhood (or family, if you prefer). Further, I would not think anyone would wreck their reputation for this amount of money (and I have to presume some money was paid to artists, unless they were stiffed). All in all, this has soured me on Kickstarter. I don't think I'd put more than a few bucks into anything. I guess that doesn't adequately sum up how disappointed I am. Let's put it this way: I'm glad I have no way of getting hold of Rik because I'd rather lose the money than express what I think of how he has handled this. @Steve: No, the USMC card set preview has not as yet been released. The two main volunteers whose names we still hear are Brad and Todd, and as far as I know neither has given up yet, though they have taken a short pause it seems. I understand that they'll be releasing two more card sets imminently, in particular the desert action deck. I most curious about the status of the comprehensive rulebook. Is work continuing on that by volunteers we don't hear about? Does anyone know if the preview files for the USMC exist? I would at least like to see the card that I paid extra for. I learn in my life that you can write "the end" only when it comes, do it before is a waste of time and energy better spent in other things. I am not expecting to have this game as promised in the KS (I am at 95% on this), but it could change in something else or in other forms or whatever: until "the end" there is hope (even if it is as tiny as an hair :) ), we can do nothing that wait and hope (and prepare for the worst :D ) In venture capital investing, 40% of projects fail and only 20% returning a significant profit is normal. It's not a perfect analogy, however we all must remember that KS is not an ecommerce retailer. It's a place to support speculative creative projects. KS says right up front: "Backing a project is more than just giving someone money. It’s supporting their dream to create something that they want to see exist in the world." Well, 2,407 backers wanted this in the world and, unfortunately, it's not going to make it. I feel for my fellow backers who join me in the burn. That said, I, for one, have gotten at least some karma benefit out of the support I've given this project. On to the next. To those two who pledge for General Of The Army, I feel sorry for you two. The army won't be coming ................................................................................................EVER! @Craig, funds were deposited to Radiant bank account they become Radiant money for Radiant to dispose or not. Kickstarter pledge become a contract/obligation for Radiant to fullfill. Both things are related but not tied. Court will possibly not release the funds at this time because they are a warranty that Radiant is solvent when the judgement end. Every company or people with debts have other obligations tying them... Or they wont have debt in the first place. Pledger action in court wont make the funds be released, it will add the pledgers to the queue of creditors, back end of the file right now. I just wanted to say that thanks to my experience with this Up Front Kickstarter, I have only just now backed another Kickstarter project which nothing to do with gaming, is 1/4 the way to its goal on the first day and only cost me $10. I cannot believe this one will fall through like Up Front has, but even if it does, being out $10 is not going to have me throw my shoe at my computer. With all the talk about legal, I did myself some thinking. I read in the comments that the funds remain frozen by the court after Rik Falch put to the court that the upfront KS funds were donations.Now he is representing his own interests and not the backers. So in the court case backers are not represented. I would suggest there is a case for the KS funds not to have been given to the Project Creator, but to the project itself. For example, if the same person ran two KS campaigns,the fund from each would have to be accounted for separately. As such the funds are not just part of an formless fool belonging to the project creator, but are a distinct amount of money associated with the project and therefore with the backers. This is supported by the form of a campaign on KS. Backers pledge to a campaign or project. The campaign may be s "Project By" on the KS campaign page, but pledges all relate to the campaign itself. As such backers are not donating to the project creator. This further borne out by the fact that Kickstarter and Amazon take their percentage cut of the proceeds pledge, and the funds do not belong to the project creator. If an argument of this sort was put to the court, and that the backers are another party to the case, the court could direct that the funds be returned to backers or released for the project to proceed. As I am not in the US, involvement in a US court case there is beyond me. But given the comments that people have talked to lawyer friends, there are options available. Just determined I am missing at least the US soldier PDF file and the DE soldier PDF file. Since the links are disabled...someone have an archive with all the files in it? Why are all of the update links disabled? I need a t-shirt, $339,848 invested, and all we have to show for it is electronic art. Kickstarter needs to get blame for pimping criminal activity. This was my first KS game I have supported and my last... @Neal I'm in Washington as well. I asked for updates from the project owner privately as well through this forum and been ignored in all cases. I am waiting until early June till I file a complaint with the office of the Washington attorney general. A response prior to that time "may" delay such an action on my part, but I stress the "may" component. When I file that complaint, I am under no illusion that I will see my $600 payment back, but I have a tiny bit better chance of seeing something eventually by sending the complaint than I doing nothing. This user's account has been deleted. I remember reading a long time ago the saying that "the internet divides more people than it brings together" which is arguably true with the "haters & hopeful" in this case. Having said that, this project along with AIYP is a testament to the failure of both Rik for not taking care of the lawsuit situation before starting the two projects and Kickstarter for not having more vigorous rules about project delivery. I hope that the lawsuit in Washington will force Kickstarter to have additional rules and regulations in place to better handle those who take the money and run or at least provide options that backers can use on their own in taking the matter into their own hands. It could very well be that our legal system will step in and have their own set of laws to allow backers to sue and retrieve at least part of their money. For me, I'm creeping closer to the "acceptance" phase of all this and regard it as a valuable lesson in backing any Kickstarter project. It is my hope that all of the work of the volunteers sees the light of day, but I get the feeling that it may all be lost if another game company picks up the reigns of Up Front as they will probably use their own design team (who are paid, hopefully) and does this project right. There aren't fanboys here, just people who hope to see this game one day, until officially this game will be over we are here to see what will happen, what other choices we have? If Mark and others prefer to vent here, you are welcome, but start again a fight between haters and hopers is useless and childish: we are in the same boat, fight each other is useless, searching for an easy "see? I am right, you are wrong" is useless too... letter signed by us all. (Sorry pushed send to quick). Let's see how the test case pans out and this project but I am more than willing to help organise a process for us to recoup our money, it is the principle that counts more than the money. I Yeah funny how all the fanboys who tried to silence myself and others while we tried to put more pressure on Radiant have suddenly buggered off. Any of you have any smart arse quips now? No? Ok... The fact is this project is screwed, the money is in the land of lawyers and like AIYP we are starting to get the silent treatment as the drip feed of material now has stopped. I wish this wasn't the case but the reality is Rik is quite happy for us to watch him sipping Lattes in Oz ( why he doesn't make his pics private on FB I have no idea I can only guess he likes rubbing it in) while we get the carrot on stick treatment. No one will level with us so I suggest we watch the Edward J. Polchlepk III(aka Ed Nash) case. If successful everyone should make a complaint to the AGO and maybe we can do it as a I like to check back here every few months. Amzing how the tone here has changed... where are all the people shouting "Haters!" even at those asking for a simple update for delivery timings? I guess the Texas Supreme Court will be looking at only the argument that the funds should not have been seized. Radiant's lawyers asked for them to take the case quickly. I doubt they'll move it up in the queue. So whenever that gets looked at is the only chance, I think, for the game to get made. Otherwise the trial isn't until Feb. And assuming Radiant wins do the funds get released right away or only until after the appeals? Mike, Although I have serious issues with Rik we need to be careful legally and logically as to what Rik intends to do with the money. It seems to be not to be a clear case of theft (yet). It could be considered deception in one sense as he knew Valley was being sued before he started the kickstarter. However he is trying to argue that Radiant is separate from Valley and as such the funds are actually frozen at the moment and currently have not been used. Now the most important thing is what happens to this money. 1. The money is paid to Phil Sauer and soaked up in court costs and absorbed into Valley Games. If this becomes the case then it is clear deception as we were backing Radiant not Valley games and as such Valley would have effectively stolen our money. This could lead directly to a criminal case. 2. Radiant win the case and fail to produce the game citing legal fee's and so forth. This is a clear case of deception. Radiant shouldn't be funding the court case, Valley should be funding the court case as the original loan was made with Valley not Radiant. (Which would have been proven to be separate entities) If the funds again are absorbed into costs for Valley games this is fraudulent. This could lead directly to a criminal case. 3. We get the game. In this case Rik is vindicated. Even though Rik is on the other side of the world I know there are many backers who have influential contacts as well as other parties interested in this case. Rik needs to be very careful about what happens to these funds as I can assure him and the backers on here he will be pursued with vigor for assets in the US and abroad. Deception and theft on KS is gaining a lot of attention from the judiciary. This and Airborne btw, not this and upfront sigh.. need sleep Well I am super happy that WA is getting in the game, I live in Oregon, and we always follow WA in the courts.. I have a few lawyer buddies, and my wife meets with the ADA of my county 2 times a month.. I can't wait to see if they want to nail this A-hole for this and upfront to the tune of $441K.. that is some serious jail time when he can't pay it.. Australia will extradite no problem.. I think Up front has a very strong deception based case as he knew the legal troubles before the KS ended and it shows a strong intent to steal our $$ through fraud.. There is no legal issues with Airborne at all he just has buggered off.. there is no license and the game was completely done.. again just simple theft. I suspect that at some point KS and Amazon will get named for defendants as they effectively skimmed 10% of the theft. I think then and only then will KS get their shit together and stop other scammers before they can get to us.. I think a class action suit against KS for not enforcing their rules is in order. I had to threaten a lawsuit to get a refund for Tides of War - Gettysburg. Yes, I was also checking up on deadbeat KS projects given the Washington case. <url>"like" than a commitment. In October, 2013 there was a post about updating us with a new delivery date but from scanning the updates several times I do not see any mentioned thus far. In Nov, 2013 we were told the rule book was done and they would post a link soon to it. I do not see any link so far for that item. In addition, the update indicated it was very close to completion but that was 5 months ago. Has anyone gotten a reply from them? I suspect one of the top purchasers got a response back, but has anyone else? While I doubt the Washington state Attorney General will consider getting involved in another KS case while working on the first. My attempts to contact the project team and requests for a refund have gone unanswered (not unexpected). I would love to hear from others in Washington state that may be interested in contacting the Mr. Ferguson to see what if anything might be available to us. Looks like Washington is going to test whether KS projects can be sued for not delivering <url>#.U2OtGlBMqdw.twitter I also think their lawyer could have pointed that, as their most recent appeal have changed their strategy, because they are telling the court that the holding of the funds is hurting the project providing frequent updates that everything is working isn't helping their case. We seemed to have joined the "Airborne in Your Pocket" group when it comes to updates, although our last one was March 21st while theirs was January 2nd. A couple of months ago, Bradley answered my question about the artwork by saying that all the soldier ones were done, they were just waiting to be approved. That tells me that Rik is probably behind when the updates get posted, not Bradley or Todd. Also, assuming what Bradley said is true about his & Todd's schedule, then it should only take a couple of months for them to complete their work. But when it gets posted as final is probably up to Rik. If the court date is indeed February, 2015 then Rik is going to stretch this sucker out as long as possible. Given that well over 90% of civil suits end in settlement, that will probably be the fate of this one as well with no money left over to print the game given the court costs. I keep asking myself why I check back with this site from time to time and I keep coming up with the same answer, I am a glutton for punishment. Gotta keep them updates coming wouldn't want someone to doubt the integrity of this project and it's creator. Hey guys, what happened? On 18 April we were hearing about another action deck art update, then nothing happened. It wasn't posted. I have stuck by this project but now concede that we will not see a printed copy. I would settle for a PDF version to download. I don't care that I would have to print it out and make up components. At least I would have something. With Rick here in Australia I am sure we will cross paths as the war gaming community isn't that large. We only have one national gaming convention CANCON and I'm sure sooner or later Rick will turn up at this being a gamer himself. It would be nice to sit down have a coffee and get Rick to explain what really is going to happen with Up Front. I am so glad I hung onto my original Up Front and all the expansions. Rick could still release a PDF download version of main game and then the expansions as they become completed. If Rick is waiting until the court case is finalized then he may fear losing all the work done to date to the Plaintiff which is probably what will happen if Rick looses. Then everyone looses except the lawyers. I figure that we have lost already. With the trial starting only 7 days before the termination of the Up Front license I request the Project creator and/or those in authority to make a formal announcement on the state of this project and how if any way the trial is or is likely to affecting things. If contrary to previous updates the trial is affecting the delivery of this project - please be honest and at least say so - no one has to go into details about the case - a simple "the funds needed to go forward are frozen" or the like is preferred by this backer over the continued silence about delivery dated over the past months. My private attempts at communicating with the project owners have gone unanswered and as a larger purchaser I had hoped there would be a desire to discuss matters. I realize that ducking for cover in this situation is a lot easier, but someone on the team hopefully has the courage to do the correct thing and at least provide us with an update on the source of the delay and a projected timetable. IF the court rules in their favor and IF there are enough funds left to go into production that is Trial date finaly set to the 16th of February 2015. Shipping will possibly proceed about one year after that, if ever. When is this game shipping. If not known what s the delay? Thanks mmmhhh ... update? Just an FYI for those who asked about refunds. The only agent who can give a refund is Radiant Darkstar. As far as I know not a soul has had their refund request honoured by Radiant, neither for Airborne in Your Pocket nor Up Front! Initially, people initiated "chargeback" proceedings with Amazon Payments, the sole payment service in use with all Kickstarter projects. Radiant was not participating in these proceedings, and people were winning their chargebacks by default. So, some people got their money back from Amazon, who subsequently charged the chargeback refund to Radiant's account. Then, Radiant stopped doing that and began to answer with a boilerplate response prepared by their lawyer. This was good enough for Amazon, and Amazon stopped granting (and swallowing) chargeback requests. At that point, those who initially paid through the Amazon Payment process using their debit cards, were now shit out of luck, as debit cards don't offer any buyer protection programs. However, those who paid using their credit cards, and sought a "refund," initiated chargeback proceedings via their respective credit card companies. A whole bunch of people got money back that way. Any money returned, either by Amazon or the various banks, is swallowed by those companies, though charged to Radiant's accounts. At that point it becomes a collection issue between these payment companies and Radiant. There doesn't seem to be an ironclad answer for a date, but it seems that most every window of opportunity described by the many term of service agreements in play, have now elapsed. Don't take that as written in stone; check for yourself. Money have no memory nor purpose. You give money to Radiant, Radiant is not bind to use it for the purpose you give it to them. In fact except with direct purchase company usually dont use money you give them for the purpose you give them for. Just like when you withdraw money in a bank, they dont give you back the very money you deposit. When money was given to Radiant it become Radiant money and can be spent for every purpose Radiant (and his creditors) deem fits for: paying debt, paying lawyer fee, paying artist, publishing game. The fact is that Radiant changed its declaration from march 2013 where kickstarter backers were described as donators expecting a promise to consumer having pre-ordered a product. But it doesnt change the fact that the money is not bind by a legal contract, Radiant is. It is to deliver a product using every asset it have, payed by the money in their possession. Remember also that as I pointed out in march 2013 hearing (when the money was put into deposit) Radiant refused to acknowledge that they have a binding contract with kickstarter pledgers nor that this money was bind by any contract, it was money donated to fund a project, by people expecting a promised reward. Had they said otherwise at this time, then perhaps the judge wouldn't have ordered the deposit... (the fact they tried to exfiltrate the money by the way of their lawyer doesn't helped the case either...). This may have asked before. How can they seize money that was obtained for work that has not been completed. As we put money towards work to be completed it seems like it would be protected by the law, just like when I collect money for work before the project starts I am legally not allowed to spend that money. If they took our money it seems as though they have taken money that was already legally spoken for. I do not like our legal system and this really doesn't help. I dont think anyone got a refund from Radiant or Amazon, i think they got thier Credit Card Company to cancel the charge and at that point the CC Co. ate the loss and passed the expense on to the rest of the card holders thru increased fee's, that unfortunately is how it usually works. I repeat i don't thinks a single person who got the charge reversed created any charge backs to Radiant or amazon, not a single one, because the money was already collected and distributed to Radiant. As a side note I responded to the BGG survey and my response was the "No, I do not plan to request a refund or credit card reverse charge." People need to remember this is not a store and there is always the chance you wont get what you pay for, so be careful. I for one fully expect to see this game produced and distributed eventually, rooting for any other result seems counterproductive to everyone's interests and a thorough waste of everyone's time. @David according to this survey on BGG <url>"all consuming" and my free/spare time has been drastically limited over the last couple of weeks. I have sent over the Desert deck to get posted so hopefully sometime this weekend you will have another update to the project. I also have the Jungle deck completed and the City deck is nearing completion. We might have been quiet on the public side but the project continues to march along. @Nathaniel Right you are and we have no clue on how much (if any) has been lost earlier due to reversal of charges either. @Joe: To answer your question, no I don't think the April 1st date is ironic. I'm assuming Brad has a job related to income taxation and its US file date deadline of April 15th and similar Canadian date of April 30th. I'm taking Brad's word at face value. Brad did make a shout out to Todd to post another art update (of another action deck), which is way, way over due, but there has been no art update from Todd nor any word. I'm assuming Brad is currently the only willing public face of this project. Brad needs to catch his breath after the 15th (or 30th), then get back into the swing of things. We'll see how the rest of April plays out. By the almost total silence from all corners, I think it's clear, even to the most ardent project apologists, that this project is dead except for the good graces and commitment of the volunteers to continue on; and, while the court case plays itself out to see if the money will finally be released back to Radiant to pay for printing. Just back in for my bi-annual check-in to see whether there is any movement at the station. Seems 'no' is the answer. Does anyone else think it's ironic that the 'I'm really busy but I'll be getting stuck in to Up Front work soon' post, was posted on April 1st? Except the class action will rank behind Phil multiple judgement against Valley in the pay order. Meaning it is far less than 339.848 at stack but rather 339.848 - about 250k in hold - one year of lawyer expense - everything Judge Tillery add as asked for exemplary damage. The class action will aim on peanuts, no lawyer would take the case. Especially as Valley, Radiant and their directors (as Phil as asked for piercing the corporate veil) wouldn't have any money left to pay the class action. In view of the amount of funds from this, has anyone considered co-ordinating a class action against one of the parties? This isn't a paltry ten grand or so, but a third of a million dollars. I am sure that some law firm would take it up...the threat of a third party entering the legal dispute and other consequences could make the parties pull their fingers out and resolve their differences. Jared Bond, I asked Bradley a question similar to that about a month or so ago. According to him, all the soldier artwork is completed, what we have not seen needs to be approved. He was not sure about the action decks, but it appears they are partially completed and he was getting to work on the weapons. I believe the rulebook is complete (though I cannot say if the leather-bound one is ready). While I'd hate to guess, if what Bradley said about his work schedule is true, then I would believe that all the artwork will probably be done in a few months. However, how fast it gets "approved" is probably another matter. Another factor in all of this is the printers. I pledged to "Kremlin" which is just now getting printed after delays of almost three months in working out the details and shipping it to the US. Since Up Front is several times its size, I would believe that it will take even longer to get printed and shipped even if everything is perfect. Do we have an idea about what % of this game has been finished? I suspect any conclusion to the civil suit against Valley and Radiant may be a bit longer in coming. The plaintiff filed an addition to the suit requesting the last principal in Radiant be added as a defendant. I've resigned myself to never seeing fulfillment of pledge and the likely loss of hundred of dollars. Even if it can get be printed someday, I doubt it would happen now in a time frame that meets the end ot the licensing contract early next year and who knows if the designer would consider extending that contract. In reviewing the Risks and Challenges section of this KickStarter, I cannot avoid feeling lied to. No mention of the business lawsuit the creator was in at the time he started this. Also the description that some components were at the printers already for Airborne in Your Pocket - I strongly doubt that there was anything at the printer other than some samples for getting bids. The designer of that game has already posted in other forums the hold up there is from the ongoing legal case and the hold on the funds and not due to design work. @Todd: Brad mentioned that he'll be busy for the next little while. The way he described it I'm guessing his day job has to do with the tax season. Todd, are you ready with any of the action decks you were working on? We'd sure like to see another update. @ Brad Thanks. I did like the spreadsheet you did for the different armies. Would be nice to see a progress chart for everything else Thank you Brad for what you did and do :) Brad Update For the last few weeks and next couple weeks I have not been able to get much Up Front stuff done. I have been working almost everyday and till midnight or 1am almost every night with my job. Around mid April I get my life back and my schedule takes a serious slow down, which makes me very happy. At that point I will be able to hammer more of this away as I will have a normal life until September as well as a lot of time off. I will get a spreadsheet going as soon as I can to share so people can follow progress closer. Hey, Todd want to get another terrain card up next for Radiant to post. Psst, Todd; pass this note up to Brad: I heard Judy told Mary that she heard Sandy say to Jill that she likes me. Did you hear the same thing? And, it's been 10 days since the last art update. Can we get another one? (By the way, should we come up with one of those binomial nick names like Brodd? I figure you guys won't go for Toad, but you may not like either. :-) ) Don, not sure why you haven't been told as it's been posted in a public forum. The 2nd "General of the Army" backer knew he wasn't getting the original artwork when he asked to pledge at that level. I do wonder why you haven't gotten that artwork yet. Why does the game need to be published before you get the artwork? Even if the game never gets produced, they could at least give us the Up Front loin cloth patch. I'd still like to know A. Why you added a second "General of the Army" backer AFTER I pledged that level and B. How you are going to give me the original artwork for the cover (as the "General of the Army" backer) when you can only have one original piece of artwork and now have a second "General of the Army" backer who is also entitled to it? And why are you censoring posts? Sorry, wrong forum. :-( How soon till scenarios are published? I downloaded the flag file. Regarding your instructions, what paper do you print the flags upon? 20lb white? a plastic? I've never painted minis before so I just don't know. Which flags do you use for the Confederates at Gettysburg? their not there. Oops Scenarios are there own sub component. When we say "the rule book," does that include the scenarios? I.e. "the rule book is 95%," does that also mean the scenarios are 95% done? Or, is scenario development a whole other sub-department of the R&D branch at Radiant's primary North American R&D campus? @Nathaniel It's true Dominion is a terrible example. Netrunner is pretty good though but that's FFG a multi million dollar company who can hire consistently good artists. Legendary is patchy as well. Hulk makes me sad every time I see it's crappy art. Bradley, please do not condescend me. I addressed your point entirely. You made the assertion that games with different artists can have consistently good art. You used Netrunner and Dominion as an example so I pointed out that Dominion Intrigue has awful art and terrible consistency. I also addressed your assertion that the boardgame industry is purely run by poorly paid enthusiasts of which only 'probably 6' make enough money to support their families. This ridiculous notion needed to be challenged, Rather than trying to patronise me how about trying to address my points rather than sidestepping them. @Todd; Duh, well yeah. I forgot that each personnel card in play needs an associated weapon card. ;-) Yes, the weapon cards are double sided so it brings up 60 possible choices. But, one side has the "standard" weapons (rifle and machine pistol) and the back is the rest. The reason it is 15 cards is each soldier needs to have a weapon and it takes that many to ensure that all combinations of existing scenarios are covered. Did that make sense? I'm not an Up Front person. Can I ask a question about the weapon cards. Taking as an example the US cards, there are 15 weapon cards mentioned. The design pre-previewed was for 2 weapons per card. That makes for 30 different small arms designs. And, do the weapon cards need to have a back? I.e. will it be 4 weapons per card, for a total of 60. Did American infantrymen actually even use 30 to 60 different small arms during WWII? That sounds like A LOT. Why 15 cards? We can do nothing to speed things up, we can do nothing to have our money back (kickstarter can do nothing, bank refuse the refund and so on) so the only things we can do is hope for the best and let the volunteers finish their works, at least this way we'll reach a point where all is ready for the printer and we'll see what will happen. Do you have any other real ideas to resolve the situation? Please avoid things like search and kill Rik or continue to spread rage words on Bradley, suggest something useful if you can AMP9701, Sarcasm aside, I laughed out loud at your game title. I think we share more common ground than you think. But I am an Up Front volunteer, not a employee or member of VRE or Radiant. I don't make deadlines or deal with their court stuff. C'mon Brik work your magic can't you just give Phil a couple thousand copies of "Beep there's a Octopus driving a car through my garden" and makes this all go away? PS he is kind dull shouldn't be to hard to convince him to take the deal. VIVA LA TRAVAIL OCCUPE!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ( since were doing the French thing ) Yep, big blow for V/R/E. The money cache was just locked, sealed, buried in 20' of cement, and laced with depleted uranium. No money... no game. Maybe Kickstarter will do something about this project now. Texas court of Appeal denied the release of the funds to Radiant one more time, back to the trial... you still have at least 1 years to keep working on this... So you are saying the rules part isn't finished either... interesting, wasn't the game supposed to be ready in november '13 the last time they say so ? what is the next dead line ? june '14 like for Airborne in your pocket ? Nataniel, Le jeux est complet? N'importe qui m'a informé. C'est bon. Je vais dire a tout les membres de l'equipe. Je doit dire a la personne qui va faire le carte de scenario d'arretter. Meme chose aux autres qui font le livre de regle, le jeux de campaign, le system des points. Aussi, Il faut que je cesse mon travaille sur les cartes. Meme chose pour Todd. Merci @ Todd .... The City Deck and the Pacific Deck are both beautiful ... well ,ok , the City is beautifully nasty looking :) I'm with Isaac Post the up graded city :) @Bradley, "If Rik had Ron Volstad or just one other artist do all the art it would have taken forever and the project would be light years behind what it already is." Wich will be totally different from now on in which way ? Sure you have all the art completed but that's the third time you change the layout. And the game is not nearer any completion because it is already complete. All thoses arts update are just plain stalling because you can't go to the printer. If you were really in a position to print and ship the game after the arts was reviewed (by the backers oO) then you should already have secured a contract with the printer, so tell us wich company you have contracted, what are their delay ? Oh, and how much will cost the leatherbound rulebook ? wich company will print and bind it ? about the satchel bag, we are still waiting for the prototype photo in corrected color you promised to post nearly a year ago... And I agree that Dominion is the worst example of consistent and good looking art. Take Marvel Legendary and even then the quality is very un-even. Mark, You missed the point of my post again. @Bradley yes some of the artwork in Dominion Intrigue is very sloppy and inconsistent. Some of it looks like the Simpsons cartoon and as a result does not compliment the other artwork. BTW both games come from companies who employ quite a few people and who turn over millions, just thought I'd remind you that you never responded to my reasonable critique of your false assertion that all boardgame publishers are broke hobbyists. I'm almost fine with stick figures so long as we get new action decks. Brik, Challenge accepted we will table this until the game is delivered Android Netrunner and Dominion also has several different artists. Are these games also inconsistent and sloppy in art? When you get this game, which I firmly believe you will, set up the Finns one one side of the table and the Germans on the other like a regular game with the terrain deck and counters, then tell me how it looks. Brik I agree the art is first class but you saying the"only" inconsistency is the soldier art, well that's a big only. If it's ever delivered its going to look disjointed, not because the art is bad in any way but because of the drastic style changes from group to group. You don't think it's going to look odd having Rons awesome Germans taking on the just posted Finns? Please, please prove me wrong and somehow deliver what was promised I will be the first person to stand up and say I was wrong AMP9701, The design is incredibly consistent across all components in colour, design elements, and fonts. Even down to the font size for the same information across card types (AFV and Wpn firepower is the font and size for example). The only inconsistency is art for soldiers which has been produced by world class military artist. All the Personality cards for each force are done by a single artist. If, for example, 2 or 3 different artists did the soldier illustrations for the Soviets your point would valid, but that is not the case. If Rik had Ron Volstad or just one other artist do all the art it would have taken forever and the project would be light years behind what it already is. Which you would complain about too I am sure. No worries you may have the sheep cowed but I know what's up;) You just started on weapons but we were given delivery dates of june 2013 and then nov 2013 how we're those in any way realistic? AMP9701, The whole me being an alias for Rik is HILARIOUS! Keep it coming. LOL. Printing and shipping the base and then the other stuff in separate batches would significantly increase costs. I started on weapons. You should at least publish the base game! I'm sick of art updates! Todd, OK thanks. I guess what _I'd_ prefer is a broad-front preview approach, like the debate between Eisenhower and Montgomery. I'd rather see personnel, weapons, AFVs, action decks all move forward together; rather than all the personnel cards, then all the action decks, for example. We haven't seen a single weapon or AFV card yet, if you see what I mean. All of my snarky dickhead comments aside the latest update in no way is on par with the us and german troops let alone the action deck we have seen. This hodge podge of art styles will lead to a unappealing pnp type product not what was promised. If this ever comes to fruition its going to be an ugly and inconsistent game art and production wise @Isaac - I have all 7x terrain decks completed in an older layout/format and am working back through them to update them to the new format (as seen in the posted country deck). I also have the desert and PTO decks updated/finished and would imagine the desert deck would be the next update to the site. So 4x more to go (city, beach, mountain and winter). You asked for the city deck next and you got it! Ill be starting on it tonight while I sit with the kids at hockey practice. :-) I'm glad you guys finished the Finnish cards. Looks good. @ToddB Todd, the country action deck has already been previewed. Did you by chance mean the city action deck when you said country? I think it would be inappropriate for me to choose for everyone. But, Ill throw in my vote for the city deck, and if not then any of them. @james as funny as that would be is just not Briks style so I doubt it's true. Brik is far more subtle see his trolling below; he perfers the "dangling carrot troll style". Although they have failed to keep any promise ( except for the funding charge date ) this type of troll will continue to keep you hanging on with promises of busy work updates. REALLY! Hope this isn't true (from Airborne comments section) .... Josh Helton about 15 hours ago When asked for comment on the legal troubles of AIYP and Up Front, Rik replied not with words, but with emailing a picture of himself urinating on print offs from the comments section of his failed Kickstarter projects. I think it might be the Finns today. @Isaac - I have now finished the Country, Desert and PTO decks so I am open to which one you want me to work on next. Winter or City? Its your call. :-) OK Brad, it's been 5 days now. Time for another update. We know you have some cards up your sleeve, sly devil. There's a poutine in it for you if you post the winter or city action deck. @Andrew That might have been true 15 years ago but nowadays there is a lot of money to be made if you have a half successful business. There is an ever growing market and kickstarter which pretty much takes all the major risks away from funding a game or defending a court case. My point is I do not for one second believe that Rik has had to move to oz for work without any connection to the frozen money from KS'er. People do make successful businesses from game publishing and there are many well known companies that prove the case. FYI: According to Bradley's description, then we've already seen most of the counters. They were previewed a ways back in one of the updates. Everything Brad described is in that preview with the exception of: 1. The 9 nation-specific counters. We've seen them but with the graphics for Germans and Americans--not for any other nation. 2. And, we haven't yet seen the exceptions Bard mentioned, such as counters for berserk, banzai, etc. So, if all the nation-specific counters and the exceptional counters (also nation-specific) will be laid out on 1 counter sheet, that means we have 1 more counter sheet to see. Or, because of the number and size of the counters, maybe they will be laid out on 2 more counter sheets. That is the package for the base game I call them counter sheets. I personally refuse to call them punch boards. 4x 23mm counter sheets (3 different types, the one with range tokens will be x2) 1x 1/2" counter sheet (all the MOR/KIA/PAN counters for campaign game and pistols) plus each nation beyond German Regulars and American Regulars has a small counter sheet of 9x 23mm counters for 6x Group ID and 2x SL/ASL, and Plt NCO. (EXC: Japanese, Greeks x2, USSR and SS have some extra because of attributes like berserk, banzai, aera) Brad, I have a question about the counter sheets across the entire spectrum of the project. According to the manifest I compiled, there will be: Generic Token Set 3 (6 sheets) Small Counter Sheet 2 So, is there only the one punchboard design, but we're supposed to get 8 copies in total? Or, are there different "punch board," as you guys have called them, designs. We've seen a preview of one counter sheet. Is that it? Or, are there other counter sheets yet to be seen? Thanks. SimonX - Not really expecting a refund, just thought the CC company might get some answers. I wonder about some kind of class action suit. Anyone out there with knowledge of such things. Probably already been put out there. Has anyone sold there copies of Up Front/Banzai/Desert War In in expectation of getting there hands on this Fantastic (was it to fantastic to be true?) reissue? Glad I held on to mine, otherwise I would be a tad peeved at this point. Oh-Oh, the Comments page is now being used to boost other game projects - is this the final handwriting on the wall? Is our beloved UP Front doomed? :) This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Hold on Mark. Bradley's statement is true enough that it is essentially repeated by the New Yorker, "Almost all board-game designers, even the most successful ones, work full time in other professions; Teuber is one of a tiny handful who make a living from games." <url>"How do you make a million pounds creating boardgames? Start with two million." Bradley, I'm sorry that I can't join the chorus of people expressing their appreciation for the art updates. If there were a Plan B, another way to get Up Front! published outside of the originally planned Kickstarter project from Valley/Radiant, the art updates would be useful. However, since there is no Plan B, and Rik refuses to give an update that would indicate that this project isn't DOA, the art updates are irrelevant. They may even be contributing to the false impression that the project is in better shape than it is. Bradley, my probl me isn't with the Rik part of your post it was with this: 'There are probably like 6 people in the world that can support a family printing boardgames. This is 2014, nobody gets rich from making boardgames.' This statement is simply not true. There are many many people working full time and making good profits from this industry. From the court documents: 'Valley Games made $36,000.00 in profit from the sales of D-Day Dice.' And 'Now, you can do quick math and see that we used this money -- Radiant was able to use this money to ship 2,500 games but it made enough money to produce 7,500. So now we've got 5,000 games. That's the profit essentially that held by Valley Games not Radiant. ' 2/3 profit from kickstarter and your telling me it's not profitable enough to support Rik. No I'm afraid it looks from a backers perspective that the freezing of the KS money by the court has had a profound effect on a company. I personally appreciate Bradley's information and updates. Although we might be frustrated and impatient with how this project is proceeding he at least is volunteering some information. It can't be easy to post here or on BGG considering the hostile environment. Thank you Bradley for keeping backers like myself informed with whatever updates you might have for us. I am trying to remain positive and patient and I appreciate any news or update. @paul let me save you some frustration, I think Briks response would best be surmised in the classic hogans heros episode " hold that tiger" "Sgt. Hans Georg SchultzLeaving barracks, after finding out Hogan's plans regarding the tank I know nothing! I was not here! I did not even get up this morning!" @Bradley, Just heard Rik moved to Australia. Can you please post Rik's new physical address and full contact information. Thanks. Well Brik we are just going to have to agree to disagree, the think tank has returned a 94.8% probability based on. 1. timely arrival on BGG after a long silence 2. The tried and true projection theory "I think people have even started posting fake messages with fake or proxie profiles to create negative news" a clever mis direct this never happened! 3. The only "bait" that seems to get a passionate response from you is of a personal nature outside of the project. Every other response is rather robotic and expected 4. The Sgt Shultz hard line stance on the project yet you speak for "Rik" on personal matters. A clever ruse overall,well played my friend, well played I am not Rik. I am not defending Rik's honour either. I just can't stand wild conspiracy talk. The truth is usually boring, which Rik's move to Australia is. Has anyone ever seen Brad and Rik together? I'm starting to think they are one in the same. Brad gets a little to defensive when it comes to defending Rik's honor. Before anyone gets to Butthurt please get over yourself it's obviously sarcasm..................or is it? Bradley isn't responsible for the art previews we've seen, Rik apparently is. Before this last update came out, Bradley stated he didn't know what the holdup was, so it's pretty clear he's not the one publishing the updates. From what he did say all the soldier artwork is completed, it just needs approval from Rik. He's not sure about all the other action decks and now he's starting on the weapons. If Bradley is on the "up and up" and there's no reason for me to believe he is not, then a few things are obvious; - No hard deadlines for artwork given that we are well past November, 2013. - No publication schedule - No chance of seeing this game published anytime soon Proofing with printers takes months, especially with a game of this size unless Rik has been working with the printers all this time. Given Rik's recent move, his new full time job and living the full life in Australia, I'm having a hard time believing that he's spending much of his free time working with printers right now. I think I would be laughing if there were not so many other backers in this deal. Perhaps I'll write a short story or movie script someday inspired by all this as it just seems surreal enough to be believed. Perhaps I could even get a KS behind this for publication, raise a ton of cash and then dribble the story out a few paragraphs at a time every couple of months well past the publication deadline...it would be fitting to say the least. :) Mark Mitchell, You seemed to have missed the point. Perhaps you read my post in isolation. It was in response to wild accusations as to why Rik moved to Australia. So I'll sum this up for you. He did not move to run away from the legal issue or out of some sort desperation. He has always worked in another industry as his main source of income. He received a job offer good enough in his field to sell his house, pack up his entire family, and move half way around the world. That's it. There is no crazy man on the run story here. @Wayne ok, do it. You will not get any refund (many tried), Kickstarter isn't responsable if a KS fail to deliver so what else? Just wait and hope as we do and if you feel better writing here your frustration, you are welcome @Brad another 2-3 days for a preview update c'mon your just trolling us now. As I posted on update 97: It's time to come clean. Man up and give us the truth. This is 9 months overdue with no viable explanation from Radiant. A sick artist didn't cause a nine month delay. I suppose the money's been spent on legal fees or whatever, but I want real news, with real dates if the project's still happening, even if the investment's gone. If they're not forthcoming, I'll try to get them through Kickstarter, my credit card company, or elsewhere. Has there ever been a successful lawsuit against a failed kickstarter? I wouldn't mind getting in line for some of the valley games stock that was listed in the lawsuit. Bradley K. 4 days ago Mark, Games have always been a side gig for Rik and I'll bet this is the case for many in the industry. There are probably like 6 people in the world that can support a family printing boardgames. This is 2014, nobody gets rich from making boardgames. What is this fallacy? There are a number of companies that make millions of pounds of profit from the card and boardgame market. There are even more companies that are self sustained and produce a nice turnover and comfortable living for those involved. There are also many small companies that get by. 6 People in the world? What bullshit is this? Seriously I'm getting angry. How many people are full time employed in the business? Literally thousands. I'm sorry but I can't read this utter rubbish, people certainly do get rich ask Christian T Peterson who got FFG to turn over $21 Million dollars in 2011 with a 69% growth. Will Radiant Games be making an appearance at Gen Con this year? I doubt this ever hit tragedy, but it certainly has made it to farce. The Finns should be 2-3 days. They are ready. I've given up on this. If it arrives in my mailbox, fine. If not, a bad investment. I was really looking forward to this game. Brad, the new Country deck looks great! Please, let's not make it 3 weeks to the next update. It really dilutes any goodwill the updates create. Thanks for the continued effort. What he said: " Mark J 1 day ago I decided to remain funding this project in large part to Phil posting that he did not think Valley and Radiant were the same entity and because he encouraged us to support it. " lol random got an update email whilst reading this @AMP9701 Good points. BTW, in case it came out that way, wasn't criticizing your comment. More so beating myself over the proverbial head for going in at the level I did. My new approach is to only support Kickstarters (at least game wise) of those I know or that have long proven track records in the industry - or at least keep the backing to $30 or less. One of the things that ticked me off is seeing how the lawyers and Torben seeming lumped the backers into donators. I realize Kickstarter has its risks and that there is no real mechanism for enforcing promises, but that type of attitude really feels like the principals had a worn two faces in this thing - one on marketing it "Hey, it's fine, no problem - it will get published" only to turn around and say "We don't have any obligation to complete this". Even going so far as to say the same things during the summer months in 2013, the it's okay on the update while the latter in court. Doesn't give one a lot of faith in completion of the project. I'll probably go as far as doing what little I can in the industry to make sure anyone else, if publically announced, is fully aware of the character and past of the principals involved. Luckily, this has been so public so far I doubt my efforts will really be needed. I really feel sad for the others involved like Mr. Allen and others volunteering on this. @kevin agree 100% but I risked 140 bucks for a game that I love knowing the risk I may have well lost it and yes if thats so its puts me right there with everyone else. Kind pales to putting up over 300k to produce 5k plus units of "beep beep car" and "octpus picnic party in the garden" or whatever it was called plus assorted other blockbuster titles. My OPINION is also based on his vague, cyrptic, passive aggresive post history on BGG regarding this whole debacle. I decided to remain funding this project in large part to Phil posting that he did not think Valley and Radiant were the same entity and because he encouraged us to support it. Perhaps that was just a ruse? opps, meant to say "Don't get me started on my self-criticism..." in the last sentence. @AMP9701 By that logic all of us backers were idiots too. Many knew (maybe too late to avoid funding in the first place) of the pending legal actions and should have ignored Rik's assurances that it would not affect things with the Kickstarter. We have less protection of our funds than Phil did. Not specifically defending Phil here - just pointing out that 2,407 people put money into the same people's hands with even more evidence of the shakiness of the business practices of the principals involved. I count myself amongst the taken and admonish myself for not researching this further as well as not listening to what warning signs were there. Do get me started on my self-criticism for not pursuing a refund or charge back sooner. And yes I do think Phil is a idiot, there is no way anyone should lend capital ( and continue to lend capital ) with a business plan that included producing that much inventory. Even if they got a volume discount from the printers I doubt it was enough to offset the risk of stale inventory. @ Mark J - I think it's safe to say that Klaus Teuber is one of the 6 that Bradley was referring to. The New Yorker ran a feature on Klaus last month which included the following, "Almost all board-game designers, even the most successful ones, work full time in other professions; Teuber is one of a tiny handful who make a living from games." Obviously after seeing the Valley games inventory level from the court docs no one involved in V/R/E had a clue to what they were doing including the moron who invested/lent capital to produce such a ridiculous amount of stinker titles. Stating it's a side gig is actually being to kind. Yeah, Bradley, it is perfectly clear that all the links and documents to the different Justice Courts in Georgia and Texas are clever fake produced by haters. The testimony by Rik and al and declarations by Radiant lawyer are just falsehood made by an impersonator that convinced Rik and the Court that he was their actual lawyer when he called the kickstarter backers "donators". Frankly there is so many bad things done and said by Radiant over the whole process that nobody need any false identity, nor borrowed tweeter account, nor switching company identity, nor backdating email and contracts to produce anymore. But to quote Radiant lawyer: "Not all transfers are fraudulent", neither are all forum posters. You're saying the guy that created Settlers of Catan didn't get rich off of that? There is no doubt about about the overall negativity and harsh atmosphere that has been on the BGG Up Front section for the past several months. I will not defend nor deny that a significant part of it may be generated by sources that hide behind false profiles in order to create more negative news. It is certainly not conducive to a healthy atmosphere when talking about the status of the game itself. Having said all that, all the talk on BGG has absolutely nothing to do with, nor can it possible affect the publishing of this game. The money has been collected and the backers like myself expect at the very least to be updated on a regular basis, especially when the project was originally due in June, 2013, then November, 2013 and now I have no idea. I understand that delays happen and when they do, regular updates about the progress of the game until it is printed become expected. Otherwise, a negative atmosphere like the one on BGG Up Front becomes expected as well. I appreciate your work and effort in this project and do not expect you to answer questions about a publication schedule or anything beyond the scope of your assignment. I look forward to the previews of the artwork and the completion of all aspects of this game. Most of all, I look forward to the game being published after the money I and many others have put into it. You cannot answer that question, but I'm sure there is someone who can and should sooner rather than later. I have permission to post stuff at BGG, but don't really do that anymore because it has become so toxic IRT Up Front. I think people have even started posting fake messages with fake or proxie profiles to create negative news. I suppose I could gear up for another firefight over there. Bradley, thanks for answering my question, I do appreciate it. I take it that Rik himself is responsible for posting up the previews of the work that has been completed and approved. I'm looking forward to seeing all of the actions decks. Mark, Games have always been a side gig for Rik and I'll bet this is the case for many in the industry. There are probably like 6 people in the world that can support a family printing boardgames. This is 2014, nobody gets rich from making boardgames. I am not sure what the hold up is. Previews. Finns are ready. New Country action deck is ready. Todd is putting together the others. Other forces personality cards are ready for final look over before preview. I have started weapon cards. As for commenting, I stay in my lane which is actual component production. I am a soldier for Up Front, a volunteer. I don't expect an answer, but it would be nice to know. It seems the previews "every two or three days" is not happening either as it has been since February 24th since we've seen the last preview. I figure if they were all done, that schedule would have continued...but I honestly don't know. At this point, I really don't know what to say nor does anyone for that matter that hasn't said it over and over again. Maybe Rik will surprise us all and find the money to print the game or maybe this will die a long, slow death. In any case, I forked over the money that I could afford to be without, so I am not suffering (although I don't want to make it a habit). Of course, the 32 people who invested $600 and five people who spent $2,500 & $3,500 who had the faith that this project would be accomplished in a reasonable amount of time may feel differently than I do. On the positive side, I just purchase a mint replacement deck for Up Front on eBay for $20 so I can sleeve that up when my current deck goes belly up. Yea, I'm bragging a bit...but at least I have something to feel better about when it comes to Up Front. We should really give Brad a break, by now, seeing his history of posts/responses you know what he is going to to offer in regards to information . He has his marching ordes and will continue to plug away. Although I must really question the idea of offering previews every 2-3 days that just reeked of desperation ( was that just before the one year mark?)even more so when it wasnt followed through.There is enough court documentation available for anyone to see what the situation is. Oh yeah I agree I would definitely want to try it out though, and I figure I'd at least do the same thing as I did with up front and go in for two copies. Being as one copy was a present for a best friend. We shall see. Since it would be a different company, I would expect no discounts for investing in a "similar" system. However, we might get a "we feel your pain" letter... :) I will say this, if the person who wrote that blog article is actually serious, then I would expect him to get started now on all the preliminary work and have it as ready as possible once the deadline passes. The faster he can deliver a "similar" game, the bigger the interest will be. Yeah I do agree Ken. However I wonder how that'd work with a similar version and Kickstarter. If any backers of Up Front were left out or didn't know when it came up on Kickstarter that'd kinda be a drag. Oh well I suppose we'll all see come D Day. It would be nice to see the Finns...sometime soon I would hope. I am particularly interested in the Action decks as well. However, I do have one question for Bradley, how much of the artwork has actually been completed and is just sitting there waiting to be previewed to us? All, some, or only the Finns? As far as a "similar" version to Up Front, since I still have the game I would not really be interested (although that could change). The promise of not going to Kickstarter until the game is completed, including artwork, rules, etc. and the money is to simply have it printed is one I certainly respect. Granted I still want what I invested in, everything looked so awesome :( I'm all for the similar version of Up Front as long as all of us don't pay much at all if anything. Other than that I suppose all of us AIYP and Up Front could indeed try to take legal action if never refunded, heck if I remember right Kickstarter even said they would look into everything with AIYP and Up Front what the heck happened to that As for art updates, if the trend continues, the next personnel deck ought to be the Finns, and the next action decks ought to be the winter and city decks. I especially want to see the city deck. More than that, I hope the US Marines and the Waffen-SS come up very soon, out of turn. Lastly, what's up with the weapons and AFV cards?! The personnel decks are useless without the weapons cards!! <url>"similar" version of Up Front that wouldn't need permission to publish. Of course, my questions would be from who did Rik get permission from, is it a written contract and is there any stipulation that the game must be published within a certain time frame? Of course, theses questions are rather amusing at this point considering that we are not even seeing artwork updates published on a regular basis. Oh well... <url>"The Con Game" it's an old (1989) game about making games (so no options for kickstarter here :-) <url>"volunteer" to wrap up the production and distribution for free. Or as Mr. Paxton so succinctly phrased it in the movie Aliens: "Game over, Man! Game over!" So, who decide when this project will be considered closed? Until someone will work on it, it's still going, we can't have a refund so we can only hope it will continue to go on, that's it As I said, I presume, I have no proof of anything , as I have any clue that this project will be born or buried , besides the nice work of volunteers. Anyone , any company could face problems, that is the life, but I have to say that I am feeling a lack of transparency about this. Rik running from the law? Really? If that was the case, then picking a friendly western developed nation with extradition treaties would be extremely stupid. Or Maybe he does not support his wife an children printing board games and took a lucrative job offer in the industry that he works. @Simone, you know that the war between Rome and Carthage last for more than 2.000 years because both side only care to officially close it until the 80s... Yet it was finished. The project is NOT ongoing slowly, it is on artificial coma since the start of the Texas trial and will stay this way until the end of it. The designer of Airborne in your Pocket, the other late kickstarter, just publicaly admited that all the delays he mentions where not caused by art, design nor production but by Radiant telling him repetedly they were waiting for the legal "let's go". There is no end to the amount of free volunteer work you can put into a project when you simply can't finish it and are looking for a way to stall until either the court rules your way ( not looking like it will) or you pass the deadline for refund you offered but aren't in a position to pay (again Airborne in your Pocket). @Eduardo no, those are only your conclusions and your resume. Until there will be official news about the failing of this project, its status is ongoing, slowly of course, but it's going on. So , after waiting , and waiting, and waiting, we can resume that Rik Falch went to Australia to runaway from the law I presume, and we will never see the game or our money again... Thanks for the post Andrew. A little ray of sunshine in the gloom. Radiant isn't dead. The tax forfeiture that was posted about previously was reversed back on the 26th February. <url>"if") it turns out that a printed version of the gme never sees the light of day, I wonder if somebody could use the artwork to produce a Vassal (or other computerised) version of the game? @Isaac - I completely understand what you mean. A few days ago, Brad sent me some weapon images and I first looked at them on my iPad. The images were so dark (nearly black) that they were nearly unrecognizable. Then I looked at them on my MacBook Pro - and they looked beautiful. Crazy how different devices handle colors. Yes, I noticed that too about the colour. You can tell when the colour looks right. I discovered it has to do with colour management. Frankly, I still haven't figured out how to setup colour management between all the players (i.e. Windows itself, Adobe Acrobat itself, my monitor, the printer, other applications, whatever). There are settings at all of these levels and it's very confusing to sort it all out. One of these days I'm going to have to sit down and figure out how colour management works. Yes. He reviewed and approved the new terrain deck between the 2 options presented. Would one of the members on the design team be willing to tell us if you've heard from Rik in the past month? I won't ask any details I just want to know if he's still communicating to someone involved with this game. Found out why the Germans are a funky colour here on KS. Files are CMYK and take on a funky hue here on KS. Like I said before the actual colour on the files are fine. New Avatar. Worked on the weapon cards a bit tonight. They are looking good. Todd has a new country deck incorporating the feedback. That's what we want to post next. Thanks for the acknowledgments and thanks. It is not my team though, I am just a member. We are soldiers for Up Front and are still working. Daniel, I hope they do sell the rights. It might even help them settle their debts. Maybe a judge will order it sold, at some point. I'm no lawyer, so that's a million miles from making a prediction that a judge will extricate Up Front! from this mess. But I can hope. Rik has moved to Australia possibly as per his Facebook page. Honestly the only way we will ever see D Day Dice add-ons, AIYP, or Up Front is if by some crazy plot twist another company picks up the rights and publishes the games. Kind of like The Doom that came to Atlantic City. My two cents. @TheBeeve... To run a business, you need money and reputation. RikTor are out of both. So, enlighten me on how they would realize a future in the boardgaming industry apart from starting at the ground floor and not depending on capital? I would be curious in the business model that you think would be possible. I'm sure your answer will be attached to the new printing of UF. Rik just so you don't go against your lawyers advice just confirm by not responding. Thanks "We are very close to completion, we have a completed rule book as well and we will have link to that very shortly here. All of the nationalities are in their final stages as well and we will also post those for everyone to see. Our printer has given us our final numbers which is also really positive, the next step is to start feeding them with artwork so we can get print samples. Thanks for the continued support, we are in the home stretch!" -Rik November 23rd 2013 "Rules. Still settling a bit, but small stuff. Lay out is being done and edited as changes/fixes come down. Not the best situation for final layout, but it was desired to get the ball rolling and fix as we go." Brad 2/27/2014 So either no one knows what is going on or in my opinion. Project is ready for production Kickstarted Funds for production seized by court Project is in holding pattern Radiant petitions court to release funds ( court docs on BGG see the specific reason why) Petition Denied Rik orders commencement of Operation Drib Drab and slowly releases previews to stem the tide on the western front ( backers ) while dealing with the Eastern Front ( Phil/Courts ) Issac pointed out below that to date we have "previewed" 1 of the 7 action decks 10 of the 24 personnel decks 0 of the 8 specialty decks 1 (or 2) of the 5 counter sheets Thats 12 out of 45 items from the announcement made on Dec 10th so an average of 3 per month. that leaves 45 to go which at this pace will take another 15 months just to get through the "previews" and as we have seen they keep finding "tweaks" and "Adjustments" that need to be made so at this pace even if we keep "pretending" everything is fine it's still at least 15 months "previewing" and then what 6 months production then 2-3 months shipping for a total of 2+ years to delivery from now? " It is obvious that Valley Games, Radiant Games, Rik, and Torben are ex-gaming industry players" ??? Where is the Creator? (well, Adelaide...we know that - will be nice to catch up at Glenelg). Yes, count me in too. Another big thank you to the volunteers, with Bradley Knoll on point. I agree wholeheartedly. The volunteers and Bradley have done a great job bridging the outrageous communication and production gap between the backers and the project owner. It sickens me when people overtly take advantage of others in such a cynical way especially in a hobby which on the whole is generally full of goodwill. If this really is as bad as it seems and is the end of Radiant, Rik would be well advised that it will not end here. The Doom that Came to Atlantic city will be a drop in the ocean compared to the media stir this will create. I hope Rik is prepared for the 2536 strong backlash. I'm sure that Courtney Allen and the volunteer/design team will like nothing more than the vampire be put down in his coffin, so they can be released from this horror story. It is obvious that Valley Games, Radiant Games, Rik, and Torben are ex-gaming industry players. Nobody will lend them the capital necessary to publish another game; their last gasp was Kickstarter, because banks weren't touching their business due to their penchant for skipping out on their financial obligations. The gaming community and KS have excommunicated them, so unless they start hocking original designs to other publishers and starting from ground floor, they best be pursuing other employment opportunities. Whomever seizes these assets will have an interesting opportunity on their plate, because they will own the work completed on this project, so maybe they will help bring it back from the dead. The opportunity does exist, but of course, it would cost them some money, but imagine the good will they would garner. We can all hope, because that wouldn't be a change over the past sixteen months. Well Kingdaddy8, I agree. Had they stopped at the 7 nations and maybe threw in the bag or perhaps the "Mountain" deck as a couple of stretch goals, forgetting all the other nations then it would have been far more manageable. Although as has been stated repeatedly by others, that's not the only complication this project appears to face. I do like the different action decks, however a good compromise would have been to simply print all the terrain cards for the different conditions (city, country, snow, etc.) all with the same backing (like Magic: TG) and then allow players to trade them out when needed leaving in the "Fire", "Rally" etc. cards in place. Yes, it would be more wear apparent on the other cards, but if you sleeve them... Ken, this project got too big because of the stretch goals, not because of the complexity of the original game. Here's the inventory of components from BGG: Inventory of Contents: A new un-punched game should have the following: 3 Decks of Standard Sized playing cards in cellophane. Total number: 162 120 infantry cards. 30 American plus 10 generic, 30 Russian plus 10 generic, and 29 German infantry plus 11 generic. These would need to be separated in a "new" copy. 39 vehicle cards. 11 American, 11 Russian, and 17 German. Note, the vehicle cards are larger than the infantry cards. These would need to be separated in a "new" copy. Also there is one "Close Combat Modifiers Vs. AFV" card that is the same size as the Vehicle cards. . 2 counter sheets: One titled: "UP Front Infantry Counters" with 152 counters. Second one titled: "UP Front Range Markers" with 152 counters. I would like to join in and thank Bradley and those who have contributed their time and effort in creating the new artwork for the Up Front project. I also hope that their efforts will be published at some point in the near future. As for myself, if this particular Kickstarter project does see the light of day, I will certainly be happy and probably somewhat surprised as well. I view this as a valuable lesson in regards to what type of KS project I will be investing in the future. Anything project approaching this size is simply not going to get any funds from me anymore, although I understand that this particular project is having other types of issues. Looking back, I was pretty foolish in thinking that we would see it completed by the end of 2013 even if everything was going great. While the publication of previews for the artwork is nice, the fact that there is apparently no production schedule at all tells me to not believe this new Up Front game will be published until the day it arrives in my mailbox. This is a real shame since I thought perhaps that other classic games that approached this size might get reprinted and upgraded as well. I too would like to give some thanks to Bradley and the other volunteers on this. Even though I've given up hope of ever seeing the final product from this Kickstarter, I know what volunteering on a project is like and admire them for their dedication. Hopefully their hard work will be published at some point. I have pretty much given up on this project and chalk it up as a loss. If the project DOES see the light of day, I think we are a couple years off from that happening. Bradley, it's great that we'll see the Finns next up. But, can we start getting the same type of previews for the weapons and AFV cards, perhaps going back to the top of the list and starting with the US and Germans? That is to say, instead of showing ALL the personality cards first, doing the previews in breadth, and alternating with the AFV and weapons cards. Maybe doing double previews, such as Finnish personality cards plus US AFV and weapons cards, something like that. Is that doable? Bradley is a good warrior and I admire him for that. With that said, why do I feel like he is the last man on Ice Station Zebra, all the copters have lifted off, and his fuel and food supply is getting low, but he never got the email from the camp commander? I do wish him and his team of volunteers the best of luck in their future endeavors. Whomever picks this title up in the future should remember this guy and give him a shot to finally bring it to print. It is plain to see that Radiant or Valley can never pull this off, because they have no money and are about to face THE MOST EXPENSIVE part of the production process - and Chinese printers and global shippers don't do work for free or as "volunteers". @Mark: I tend more and more to agree with you. No answer and no wish to answer is killing more faith over that game. Wow, why are people ignoring this news like everything is business as usual. Bradley are you aware the business can no longer trade as it's in forfeiture? Do you have any news? Rules. Still settling a bit, but small stuff. Lay out is being done and edited as changes/fixes come down. Not the best situation for final layout, but it was desired to get the ball rolling and fix as we go. Finns probably. Terrain deck going through a tweak based on comments. Bradley, also, what's the status of the rules? I don't mean layout-wise; I mean just the rules themselves. Have they gelled? Are they nailed down? Oh crap. I completely forgot about the AFV and weapons cards. [V8 forehead slap] The credit card company says the time for requesting a refund for me has passed as expected. Ah well, it is time for me to personally to mark this one as a learning lesson and to only back very well referenced companies or those I personally know. How could the link below possibly be spun into business as usual and everything is fine? I just feel bad for the people who are putting their hard work and personal time into this, not to mention with them being the only quasi official representation bearing the brunt of the abuse from angry backers. I am not sure how Rik could sleep at night let alone vacation with the trail of shady circumstances in the wake. Who knows maybe it's possible to take the shell game to the next level and open a new business to produce this under. <url>#faq_41859 See "What should creators do if they're having problems completing their project?" and "Is a creator legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project?" KS emphasizes transparency, the lack of which is the core of a lot of the frustration here. Why not ask the backers what they'd prefer? It's an opportunity to move past this mess. Some options include: Provide the base game alone, no extras. Provide PDFs required to create all of the components, including extras. Transfer the license to another party who will produce the game. And there are plenty more that other backers might propose. Speaking only for myself, I would consider a print and play version better than no game at all. I would naturally prefer the published version, but would hope the developer would at least consider the print and play released as soon as feasible as an alternative to simply dragging out the project. @ Marc Its simple. You take $339, 848 use a portion of the money to create art assets. The art assets stop everyone doing charge backs immediately and drip feed out the art. If at the end there is no final printed game you can supply the pdf's for print & play claiming that at least you delivered something. If Phil wins Valleys & Radiants stock and possibly the KS money will be soaked up in legal costs and the debt. Why did they borrow money in the first place if they weren't in a financial bind already? I was dubious about the sheer volume of cards/leather bound manual and so forth. The logistics are horrendous and it seemed like far too much for the money. Felt like a honey-trap but I thought what the hell so I stumped up $155. You see creating the artwork and supplying it digitally is much simpler and may well have been paid before their funds were frozen by the courts. Its not the money per se its the attitude that gets me not only of Rik et all but also some of the apologists on here. I'm not attacking them without cause, there is a lot of reasons they deserve to be reminded periodically that there are a lot of pissed off punters that feel like they've been cheated. So, if you asked and granted a refund even after so many months, why don't you wait until there are OFFICIAL news about the fail of this project (if, of course, it will fail)? I just requested and was granted a refund from my credit card company for the "Up Front" project. The main reason I did so was because the estimated delivery time has long passed and there is no projected date for it to get published, despite many requests from the backers. I hope "Up Front" gets printed--a lot of work is going into it and it looks like it will be a well-produced product. Thank you, Bradley K., for your efforts to share information and for all of the work you have put into this project--you are a class act. @Mark: This is becoming more and more ridiculous... Explain something surely simple to me: You're are in a dire strait, need a lot of money, then you create a KS project which generates a lot of bucks. So now, you are happy with a lot of money but no real project. Why bother asking people to develop the project (Bradley, artists, etc.)? If I were Rik, according to what you say, I would pay my debt and to hell that project. Oh, and about the regular updates... Ok, there have been a lapse of mere days. Then what? Is it so important. As I noticed, people continues to complain, whether they obtain what they want or not. As a last note, if you don't have faith with that project, why are losing losing your time here? @Stefano Your business is in financial trouble, you have a debt you cannot pay back, no money to support a lengthy court case. Your last hope.. Kick Starter. its not so far fetched as they did know about the court case BEFORE they started the Kick Starter; so come on throw me more sarcasm. That's unless Rik wants to actually communicate with the people who gave him $339,848 and explain differently. Guess not.....$339,848 gives you some leverage better than $0. Airborne in your Pocket has pretty much wrecked their reputation already. There's no Bradley on that KS'er. For all the sarcastic apologists the promise of regular updates has already been broken: 'We will release one nation at a time every 2-3 days and you will get to see the final artwork that we are submitting to print' Here is another: 'Radiant has, of course, retained legal counsel in this matter and our counsel has advised we not make any disparaging comments regarding the validity or invalidity of any of the comments being made in the public forum. ' Actually what they meant was any comments whatsoever about anything or reply to any messages. @ Mark I think that you are right, They raise a lot of money in order to give them to someone else and ruin they reputation on game market forever. Quite a brilliant plan, I'm amazed by their cunning Yes, It's an alien conspiracy :) It seems to me we will just end up with pdf's. At this rate it'll be 2015 when we get them all at which point Radiant will most probably say they don't have the funds to print it so will supply the pdf's. This was most probably the plan from the beginning. @Daniel: If you want but... Fact: I didn't took offense. And as I said, you may be right, or you may be wrong. But... Question: If there any purpose in telling us what many people said here countless times, repeating themselves many times? Opinion: For me, there isn't any purpose, so maybe we should stop ranting about that, asking, for example, a refund when we know that there will never one. :-) or :-( I'm just disappointed that the update every 2 to 3 days statement turned out to be hollow. I'm sorry if some of you took offense to my response, but nothing I said was untrue or dishonest. Fact: They have failed to publish the previous game that they solicited funds for. Fact: The courts have frozen their assets pending the conclusion of an ongoing legal battle with a creditor. Opinion: The case against them looks solid and will likely be ruled in favor of Phil Sauer. After suffering this loss and having to repay their debt they will have insufficient funds to publish either of the games they have solicited funds for. Ergo, it is unlikely that either AiYP nor this game will ever see print. @Nathaniel Do you really have nothing better to do? I really do get sick of you and the other naysayers jumping in here to dump on this project. Its not bad enough that you've soured BGG? I come here for information not to see you people get you kicks trolling the crowd here. @Nathaniel - "What would make you say HE was speculating?" Daniel said the game will "probably never" be published. Tell me what world it is that you live in where that is not speculation. Furthermore if there is one thing that we can say about this situation it is that it is not clear. For what it's worth I think Daniel is entitled to his opinion, as we all are. I also understand Marc's position. We're all frustrated, some of us because of the lack of progress and communication, others from the negativity that is surrounding this project. Sometimes we let that spill out in these comments. No harm, no foul. Oh, and Nathaniel, you don't get to dictate the responsibilities of the backers. We can each decide that for ourselves, thank you. What make you say HE was speculating ? For all thoses that keep following the numerous court document the situation is quite clear, the ones that are speculating are thoses that are convinced that the designers have ample stash of money hidden or are willing to risk breaking the advantage of the LCC by putting their personals assets at risk. You put money here and incite other to do so, do your responsability is not to show blind support but to enquire for the facts that are avaliable from all internet sources. Frustration is something I understand but I don't really think that saying 'They have no money and they haven't even published the last game they kickstarted' or something like that will be of any use. I invested many dollars here and I incited a friend to do the same. So I won't like at all if that game is never published. But David Gillette is just speculating. He may be right or wrong, what he says has no use at all. @Marc ADDA is anyone's behavior here use to anyone? Sorry but I don't think Rick is just holding out for more kind words and encouragement before he finds 2 minuets in his busy schedule to let us in on the production schedule. Some people are pessimists some are optimists and if you funded this you have the right to comment. Seriously can you really blame anyone for being frustrated with this when you look at the debacle that is AIYP, the Legal jibber jabber, and the complete silence from Rik. @Daniel: So, if the game will never be published what are you doing here, losing your time telling us that...? Maybe you are right, maybe you are wrong. But whatever, your behavior have no use at all @ David Probably never. They have no money and they haven't even published the last game they kickstarted. Any word on when the game is going to get published? 62mm x 88mm @Bradley: What card size are the Action Decks intended to be? They look like a small card size possibly. Action decks are a quick roll out once the template settles because the data files have been done for a while.. We are considering some feedback like wire, colour code, and cower something. Counter sheets are done except for a small change. MOR/KUA/PAN are going to be 1/2". Tito's partisans was split into Tito and Resistance. These will likely be next. The additional French pack was skipped over. Lots of errors and quite complicated with the mixing of cards together to build forces. We are going to sweep around and pick it up later. I do not have a print date. Sorry. It would be a complete shot in the dark. FYI for all backers keeping count, so far we've seen: 1 of the 7 action decks 10 of the 24 personnel decks 0 of the 8 specialty decks 1 (or 2) of the 5 counter sheets We've also seen the limited edition rules bible in a rough draft form. If the updates follow the Kickstarter's presentation order, which they have almost exactly, the next personnel deck up ought to be (a) FFI, Army of Africa, French Liberation Army, Vichy French (these guys were skipped over), or (b) Tito's Partisans, or (c) Finland, perhaps. The next action deck ought to be the Winter deck. But, to be frank, I bet we're all dying to see the USMC and Waffen-SS decks. Bradley et. al, the Country Deck looks exceptional!! Keep'em coming. I hope we eventually get back to the 2 to 3 day schedule for card updates. The Country Deck looks excellent. Easy to read and lovely illustrations. As long as updates keep coming I am hopeful this will be delivered at some stage. @Bradley Did Rick give you any indication when he will know the rough date that you will go to print? Not the actual print date but the date that we can all be updated as to when the print date will be? These guys are the most sickly, and unluckiest bunch I have ever seen. Fact is, this project will never see the light of day. Bradley, thanks for the reply. I see someone suggested transferring a pledge for 90c on the dollar. I'd be happy if someone wants to take on my $80 pledge for 75c on the dollar (=$60). So, if you have a friend still looking to get in on this Kickstarter project then let me know. Bradley I appreciate your efforts and understand the immense undertaking that this project is. I just don't understand why you are the only person who is able to respond. I don't expect this project to be delivered next week or in the next couple months. I also don't think it's unreasonable for backers to expect a legitimate production schedule. I can't believe a project this size undertaken by a professional game producer would not have one. I am sorry for whatever manpower issues on the Up Front teams end but that is not an excuse for lack of communication from the producer himself. I mean really how hard would it be to say 1. Materials to enter to production 5/1/2014 estimate first drafts to proof 7/1/2014 expect to ship 10/1/2014. and if something comes up Rik should let everyone know. Hey everyone we have a team member that's going to be out of the loop will push us back 2 weeks. I'll keep you updated. or Proofing taking longer than expected pushing us back about 3 weeks its not the bad news it's the lack of communicating the bad news form the source that is worse. We need to hear from Rik himself otherwise Baghdad Bob comes to mind. I know the inherit risk involved in Kickstarting but nowhere in all of Rik's communication prior to accepting funds did he say that one year on he would no longer communicate amid some controversy and uncertainty.Again I appreciate your work I believe you have sunk your heart and soul into this project ( along with countless personal hours ) but when all is said and done you are not the one who should be accountable to the backers. Rik told me there is an intent for retail release. I have no idea how many extra copies will be printed for this purpose. I would guess less than originally hoped for. Sorry to hear about the team member's personal issues. I hope they resolve themselves soon. I'll ask a third time: Will there be copies available through retail outlets, once the Kickstarter backers receive theirs? I'm asking because a couple of friends who didn't back the project were curious if they'll still have a chance to buy it. I'm not sure why no one from this project has answered this question yet. Any Chance Rik would chime in here? Shouldn't be any legal reason not to as we have been told time and time again the court actions have nothing to do with this kickstarter or this company. Doesn't $339,848.00 but that at least? There is a preview lull because a critical team member is unavailable due to personal/family reasons for the moment. All the terrain decks are being recompiled for preview release shortly after this person returns.' Furry Beaver, What are you talking about? Brad Satire is dangerous business. Subtlety in Satire is a minefield. ;^) My apologies to Furry Beaver. I'm on your side. Really. The "hamburger" analogy is an American idiom, a reference from Popeye (the sailor man). No disrespect to RF. Truly. "a fool and his money will soon depart" is in quotes because I am not the one that said it. I did not attribute it to its source in order to offer a minimal shield to the OP. Because, it is an hilariously mangled maxim that, when I saw it, I had to respond. Yes, my entire satirical diatribe was triggered by a single Malaprop. I am like Roger Rabbit and "Shave and a haircut" -- humor makes me incapable of restraint. Rik, I am still pulling for you. Yes, Really! Bradley K., you are totally Zen. I really admire that. "a fool and his money will soon depart" -- still too brilliant! @Bradley K You have my address...Todd will soon also! @George... "Rob - well said" 'Said' - used in legal language or humorously to refer to someone or something already mentioned or named. I agree, Rob's comments are a joke. OMG!!! @RD As we say in New Jersey, "No disrepect." as we say in Oz, be sure of what you hope for and certain of what you do not see. Mate, having individuals such as yourself who may make me " momentarily sad, but accept it as one of those funny things of life" does not mean I release my intention as a backer to see this project to the end result as undertaken. Those 9such as RF) whom you describe as "hamburger" sellers and as typed of their role "we did accept that" is an ill-considered and at best insulting method of disparaging the backers of which I am clearly one. I wish persons as yourself leave your puerile anecdotes to BGG and their ilk...I have no time for a lame 'ass' (do they say that in nui joisey?) BS when I consider the backbone required to see this project completed as promised - a project in which I funded to the tune of $1000 U*S*. Get a life beyond the "a fool and his money will soon depart" garbage. Otherwise, you can label yourself as such here, but leave me out of "us". The Creator (RF?) will see justice complete. I suggest you do depart...touch?, yes...clearly MY life has encountered more travail than your own. Rob - well said. "a fool and his money will soon depart" -- and yet, still here ;^) In every market, all transactions are a risk, and protections and mitigations of those risks vary widely. The best safest transaction involves an immediate and simultaneous exchange. The worst and least mitigated risks is "I will gladly pay you Tuesday for a hamburger today". Kickstarter is without doubt the latter, and anyone who commits a hamburger on KS with the idea that payday is guaranteed is the one who is dreaming, imo. For those of us who are cautiously optimistic, we gave up our hamburgers with the clear knowledge that payday might never come. We hope it will. We encourage Wimpy and spur him on to complete and fulfill his promise. We look forward because it is a fact that there is joy in anticipation. And, we accept that from the moment we clicked that button, our money was gone and with the possibility that we might never see our hamburgers (yes, I know I just reversed the order, deal with it!). We were not fools, because we took the risk without reservation. We know that we entered into a risky transaction, and we accepted that risk. Given that we did accept that, happily, it is easy (at least, easier) for us to watch this project go down its dangerously rocky and precipitous road, knowing that it may not make it to the finish line, and if it doesn't, we will be momentarily sad, but accept it as one of those funny things of life, and move on. Maybe your daughter will host a 58th Birthday for you [Thank you daughter!], and you will realize that a couple hundred dollars are nothing compared to one nice gesture from one good person in this big old goofy world. For the perpetually whiny, now you know what risk is. Now you know how hard life can be. Yes, you can easily lose A COUPLE HUNDRED $$OMG. Doom, despair, agony. Now don't ever do it again. Delete your KS links. Step away from the keyboard. Never take a risk again. And finally, please, for the love of god, [inappropriate exhortation to silence, deleted]. Or, here's an idea, sell your KS. I bet that somewhere out there, there is someone who will buy your Pledge. Offer ninety cents on the dollar! That is likely a much better and faster return than what you will likely get waiting years for a "Class Action Lawsuit" [OMGLMAF!] to complete. Take your wounded winnings, and like a fool and his money, please. Depart. As we say in New Jersey, "No disrepect." @Bradley - sounds great, can't wait! Rik, how about a status update please? @Andrew, I appreciate your optimism, and I'm not assuming the worst. It would be helpful to hear from someone working on this project, though. Yes it will be a action deck. The template went under a revision and Todd will have it ready soon. Hey, aren't we long over due for another update? I hope it'll be an action deck this time. @ Ron Beck, maybe the delay in update is for time to prep an action deck for release? @Kingdaddy8 It is fairly safe to assume that the original plan was that there would be additionally copies printed for retail sale. That is the typical model for boardgame KS campaigns and it was true for D-Day Dice (a previous KS campaign run by Rik). Whether that is still the plan is another matter. If I were a gambling man I'd put my money on 'Yes'. @ Troy Everyone who backed this project has their opinions and yours is no less valid than anyone else. Can we just leave it at the point where people will beg to differ. The other forum got so heated that it became impossible for anyone to be a voice of moderation or reason. Lets not go down that path here. There has been no official word that the project is at a standstill and can't proceed. So until that time happens I will look for updates. @ Ron Beck I do believe you are correct another update should be forthcoming. Shouldn't we be due for another update? @Troy Hush now :) Good Luck! Repeating my question: Is the plan to have a retail version to be available, beyond the copies that get sent to Kickstarter backers? @ Troy You can believe what you want to but it doesn't make it true. The class action lawsuit is so the backers get in line to get their money back -- what ever we can. You can believe what you want to but it does not make it true. Barnum and Bailey had a few words about that...a fool and his money will soon depart. Hey, I got a goldmine ... want to buy it? The truth is the Rik used the generosity of a man and then screwed him over by refusing to pay the debt -- a substantial debt. Now it is being settled in court. Did rick ever point out during the KS -- ummm I might be getting sued cause I do not honor the promises I made. No. What makes you think he is going to honor his commitments to this project? His word? Yea, right. @ Troy First you suggest a class action lawsuit, then you go and tell us that the money is tied up in courts for years and the current lawsuit will go on for years. Seems to me you're just another person who's completely given up on the project. If that's the case, it does you no good to hang around here, as the project is dead to you. You won't get your money, you won't get your game, and we're nothing but wasteful wishful optimists. So why do you stay here? Perhaps you should read this quote attributed to Nietzsche: “Hope in reality is the worst of all evils because it prolongs the torments of man”' Mind you, this guy was either a genius or a madman and as an atheist he certainly wouldn't have believed a tale about gold and rainbows. He did however see hope intertwined inextricably with reality and took many considered risks. I am interested - where do you get this "The (sic) money is tied up for years in court" palaver from? I remain realistically optimistic and continue to enjoy life - production of 'Up Front' it is out of our control. I would not have backed this Kickstarter if I did not believe it would ever fail - that would be poor stewardship of my hard earned cash! The point is that you are getting PDF's from who? Employees of Radiant Games? Really? Not that I can tell. The situation is that a bunch of generous individuals are putting up files but does that action in itself dictate that the game will be published? Too many holes in the roof and not enough from Rik to settle anything. BTW -- I have been patient. Like 18 months worth. The money is tied up for years in court as anybody who lives in the USA knows the Courts are slow, slow, slow. Nothing will be resolved soon and any result will then be appealed until i am in my frickin grave. What I see is a bunch of overly optimistic and hopeful gamers trying to find the gold under the rainbow. Being hopeful and looking at reality are two different things Whoops, wrong link previous post...here it is... <url>"If in the end all we get is the components as PDF's I still won't be disappointed" That's cool Craig - I see where you are coming from but I can't agree with that sentiment... "Torn Armor" <url>"Up Front" 4th Edition and am a patient man but have no intention of letting the creator of this project "off the hook"! @ Troy my english is not so good so let me see if I understand your argument. You think that due to the legal lawsuit Radiant Gaming have no money left to print this game so you're proposing a class action to recover the money that they don't have am I right? A class action lawsuit for the dozen people who don't have any patience? Good luck with that. Not only would you waste YOUR money, but you would waste more time and money that can be used on getting this project further along towards completion. This project is far from dead. Yes, it's not as far along as many of us would hope, but considering the situation and the scope of the project, I think things are still moving albeit slowly. I still expect to see this project done to completion. I'm sure I'm not the only one. And I'd wager there's a far cry more who would rather see this project completed than there are who want to start yet another lawsuit against the person attempting to create the game. @Troy Class Actions sound fine in theory but in practice are difficult, long and do not always end up getting the participants what they first went after. I for one will not enter into such an action. I worked in the games industry for over ten years and found that like everything in life sometimes there are good days and sometimes bad days. Very few get rich out of this industry. Be thankful this isn't Torn Armor kickstarter. Two companies now have their reputations in the gutter. Up Front is still progressing. That is all that matters at this point. If in the end all we get is the components as PDF's I still won't be disappointed as I can get the decks made up as I need them. I would still prefer the made components of course but I do not envision that we the backers will receive nothing for our support. So in the end I will be here until the end. @Troy speak for yourself and do YOUR class action, I am not feeling frauded at all until there are proofs or official speaking that up front will never be out: as you can see, there are many people who have faith in this project yet This is all Fantasy -- Hoping for something to magically publish with all the overhead legal issues. Rick has still not become clean on the legal issues and the fraud perpetrated on 2000 plus backers. It TIME FOR A CLASS ACTION LAWSUIT Is the plan to have a retail version to be available, beyond the copies that get sent to Kickstarter backers? @Bradley: Any hints as to the next set that will be revealed? Keep up the great work. I really appreciate the art uploads! @Craig I did not intend there to be any barb in my post aimed at you. I am sorry if you thought so, as I consider your post be well thought out. I agree that we will probably not see the game until well after the summer. My opinion is simple: this is a huge project with tons of cards and a complete redesign of them and rules updates and so on, but this game deserves it. I know everyone want to play it ASAP, I know everyone are scared of the problems and I know it will take a lot of time to be completed, but we don't have other choices to play up front in this new and excited version so we should be calm and be patient, we can't do anything better than wait and be positive @ Tomas Bjorklund As you say speculation for a date for completion of this project is pure fantasy. My comment was only my personal opinion/ observation and in that instance is not to be taken at anymore than that. In other words I personally don't expect anything to be printed before January 2015. Other backers may have other ideas as to when they are expecting a delivered product. It was just a comment nothing more. It wasn't designed to denigrate those involved in the project and if it is fantasy than it is my own personal fantasy. I am still onboard and am not seeking to leave. In for a penny in for a pound. As Bradley has said there is still a long way to go. So I will see where the project is at a year from now. I still enjoy seeing the card releases and look forward to seeing some more. Life goes on. By the way what games have you been involved with that have been published. I would like to take a look as I am always in the market for more games. Schutze Games been publishing now for over ten years. Today I initiated a friend who subscribed to this project when I informed him about it mere days before its closure (excuse my poor english). He wanted to have a look at the game and he wasn"'t disappointed. We played 1.5 patrol games (.5 because we didn't have time to complete the second one. On the first one, the Britishers eradicated a german squad (a lot of dead!). On the second one, an italian squad was on the road to victory against some russkies, despite sufferint many weapon breakdowns. BTW, I really intend to rework the weapon malfunction rules in order to make them simple and realistic. :-) +1 @ James I have been involved in card and boardgame productions and am well acquainted with all the hard, and often frustrating, work required to get the art down. First you have to work with artists, and they are sometimes consistent and reliable, but more often need a lot of work, coaching and prodding them to produce what you have envisioned. Many are also quite volatile types, and simply vanish or get upset if you don't rub them the right way. And once you get the art you have to check it, not only regarding the drawing itself but also for the right colors, size, separation, etc, etc, It never ends. Last but far from least you have to get the stuff into print, and there you spend hours and days reviewing proofs, often sending a sheet back a few times. And you may even have to spend nights and days at the printer to personally oversee things. Any estimate on a deadline at this stage would be pure fantasy, and of no use to anyone. So, yeah you could say there is a lot of work before this project is done. :) @Bradley - Many thanks for the updates. I can't tell you how refreshing they all are. Keep up the outstanding work, mate! -Ski Thanks for the update Bradley! @Bradley K Thanks for the update. Personally I don't think the game will be completed before another year passes. Having been involved with Schutze Games for game development I know that artwork can and does take time. This game has an excessive amount of artwork so the more time that is needed. Life goes on. I committed to the Kickstarter knowing that there would more than likely be issues. If I made a mistake then so be it. All I can say is I have now seen my named card in the Australians. So well done Bradley and company. By the way one backer was not happy with the all the Australian names. See comments on update #94 So it seems that no matter what happens there will always be someone who is not satisfied. That's life can't please everyone especially gamers and in particular wargamers. I know I am on of them and I complain all the time just ask my long suffering wife. AFV template done. Large part of data file done. I think all the vehicles will be on a single output (don't quote me). No cards yet. Most of the art still has to be processed. Weapon Card. On version 20, it has gone back burner. This will probably be the last thing done. Small weapons will be on half cards (4 weapons per card), large weapons (Mtr, HMG,MMG) will be on one face (2 Wpns per card). Gun Template. Done. No cards yet. Art still has to be processed. Terrain. Data files done. Template went under revision tonight. Todd just has to re-run the script. Counters. Done. Not exactly what you see in the update, but better. I know it is taking long and it seems too long. This project is huge, but we have defiantly turned a corner and things will continue to move forward. Bradley, do you guys have any weapons, AFVs and action deck cards to show us? I ask because I'm really not understanding what's taking so long, even though, yes, there are a lot of cards. If the implication is that this is more or less as far as you've come, then at this rate, it will be 5 to 10 years before completion. So, I'm thinking that a lot of the cards, of all types, are already done. WIth the unveiling of the artwork for the Canadian and Australian expansion we are now approaching 30% of all personality cards and just over 10% of all cards revealed. Keep up the great work! "In other words, nice-to-have items. If they're making it harder to release the original game, then I'd be happy, as an investor, if Rik published them later" I disagree...stretch goals created the dollars "invested", so why wimp out and expect anthing less? Oh yes, nothing "insane" here either...simply poor judgement about the project scope. Mark Mitchell said: "I think every backer expected a delay with the frankly insane amount of cards there are to produce..." Bradley K. said: "....People do not realize the scope of this project. There are over 30 spreadsheets for just personality cards. All the card outputs that have to be proofed and edited. All the art received that then has to be processed to fit on cards. Tens and tens of hours of historical research. A rewrite of the rules and expansion forces." These statements encapsulate my concern. All the new materials, not seen in the original game plus modules that Avalon Hill originally published, were supposed to be stretch goals, extras, add-ons...In other words, nice-to-have items. If they're making it harder to release the original game, then I'd be happy, as an investor, if Rik published them later. The more complex the game gets... The harder it is to produce. The greater the likelihood of imbalance among the "factions." The less attention given to playtesting any alterations to the original game. More and more, it sounds like the nice-to-have items are driving the schedule and the final product, not the must-have items. To repeat, I'll be elated when a new generation of wargamers get the opportunity to buy and play Up Front! Everything new, additional, and optional can come later, as far as I'm concerned. All this talk about 'haters' is childish and smacks of Internet trash talk. So let's elevate the discussion from teenage level flaming into a more reasoned debate. I think every backer expected a delay with the frankly insane amount of cards there are to produce, however I think the biggest gripes are that Rik does not post updates relating to the production schedule, while in the background the serious legal issues have frozen the money to produce the game. So we can assume the chicken feed art updates are crumbs to keep everyone happy so there is some kind of update as the reality is that the legal issues have paralysed everything else. There is nothing wrong with backers reminding other backers that the project sits outside if the 'standard delay' argument touted by fanboy/marketing people. It's not the delay that's the issues it's the legal reality and financial strangling of the project from an individual who were known to Rik before the project was started but not added as a risk. I think people find that rather cynical and are rightfully annoyed. Sounds like the action decks would definitely be worth seeing, then. @James ... the Action Decks are indeed beautiful ... I know a few cards were getting tweaked .. Well, I'm not sure if asking about an estimated delivery time update makes me a "hater", it would seem that with $340,000 of investors money at least some clue would be in order?? That's a modest guess on the cards @James Bass. I went through and added up all of the actual LISTED cards for personalities, weapons, and AFVs. There were three incentive packs where no listing of any amount of cards were given: Medics/Minesweepers, Alternate Weapons, and Heavy Mortars. There was one mention of a quantity of cards, but not a breakdown of the cards: Airborne Troops was listed at 150 cards, but not certain if they are all personalities or a mixture of personalities and weapons. Of the remaining, there are a total listed of 865 Personalities, 361 weapons, 197 AFVs, and 7 complete Action Decks (Country, Winter, City, Jungle, Beach, Mountain, Desert). So, needless to say, you are quite correct that this is certainly a LARGE project. I will also echo the sentiment to Bradley, Rik, and anyone else working on this project...keep up the good work! Some progress is better than no progress, and I'm sure most of us appreciate the updates! Dang typos! I meant to type: ...there will be somewhere over 1015 personality cards for the entire project... To Bradley's last post about the size of this project, I wanted to help put some perspective around what has been revealed. By my count there have been 230 personality cards revealed from a total of eight nations. The best I can come up with from the project description is that there will be somewhere over 2015 personality cards for the entire project (The card count for the Medics & Minesweepers stretch goal is not listed). This means that we have now seen 23% of all personality cards and 8% of the total card count (which by my count is just over 2707 - again a few stretch goals do not list card counts). Taking the current rate of card release (approximately 7 cards per day), we shouldn't expect the completion of all personality card releases here on Kickstarter before May. If the remaining cards are then released on the same type of schedule (assuming they are not being worked on in parallel to the personality cards), the last cards will be ready sometime next January. On the other hand, if the other cards are following a parallel path with the personality cards, they could be ready sometime in early August. Now I know that this is all conjecture and statistical analysis based on the small sample of cards released to date, but I wanted to try to bring some understanding of how large this project really is. I, like many of the rest of you, am worried about the potential failure of this project. The legal proceedings make this worry even more real. However, I choose to believe that we will receive something from this project. It might be late this year, it might even go into next year, but I believe it will happen. Keep up the good work, Bradley! P.S. For the next release, it might be nice to see another type of card. Maybe an Action Deck? @Thomas, +1. I backed a project, not a delivery date. Granted, I had hoped to make the second set I pledged for a Birthday Gift for a buddy last year, but we are patient, and he has more birthdays in the future. The worst haters of all are the people who backed AND lost faith hearing envious people: I really hope they will sell their copy of Up Front when they will receive it just to be coherent with their words (someone asked for a refund so they lost interest in the game so they should sell as soon as it will arrive, seems logical). It's so easy to join the bandwagon of haters, not so many have the fortitude to be coherent with their ideas and become a backer is a sign of trust that it isn't broken until now because we have just a delay like many other KS and no other proof that this game will be a fail so enjoy the updates and the kind words of Bradley and have faith: I do :) @Bradley I applaud you for trying but there is no point in debating these guys. A small but vocal group of haters have chosen to latch on to this project. Zealots to their "cause", they can't be reasoned with. Take comfort in the fact that the other 2401 backers support your efforts, understand the scale of what you are doing, and are looking forward to playing the game, once it is done. I posted this on the Norway Update. ....People do not realize the scope of this project. There are over 30 spreadsheets for just personality cards. All the card outputs that have to be proofed and edited. All the art received that then has to be processed to fit on cards. Tens and tens of hours of historical research. A rewrite of the rules and expansion forces. The meticulous ground work laid is now producing the near final proofs like a factory output. The game will go to print when it is done and we are closing in on that. Robert, You will not have a problem. Each force has four types of soldier cards. Junior Soldiers, Senior Soldiers, Assistant Squad Leaders and Squad Leader. (Platoon NCO is a counter for large scenarios) 1. Each country has a rank/position table in the rulebook. 2. The insignia themselves are designed to transfer meaning of importance and hierarchy regardless of language. 3. The Squad Leaders and Assistant Squad Leaders are clearly marked with "SL" and "ASL" above the rank insignia. Senior Soldiers and Junior Soldiers are the same with the exception of Senior Soldiers being eligible for promotion to ASL sooner in Campaign Games. Robert, You will not have a problem. 1.Each country has a table in the rulebook. Quick Q... (I know nothing about the game itself) Different countries have different naming with the "ranks", does this pose a problem for us non-ww2 military newbs when playing the game to know what rank is what? No estimated date of delivery or even printing. No announcement. And BTW, I feel that you could ask as many times as you want, or ask refund, you will have no answer. At least, that's what happened. Bradley is the only people updating us about UF and it's only about art. Maybe I missed it in all these comments and updates: what IS the anticipated delivery date for this project? Has there been an anouncement? Thanks. My #1 priority: Seeing the original game, plus expansions, reprinted. Everything else is gravy. I'm grateful for the occasional preview of the art, but I'd rather hear more about the progress towards the publication of the core game. For me the only difference between Up Front and other projects I've backed that have run late is that with Up Front I'm not blissfully ignorant of all the shit that's going on behind the scenes. Yet Up Front will have to take the best part of another year's delay to take the prize of my most overdue project. Like those projects I'm prepared to give Up Front the benefit of the doubt, especially since guys working on it are confident that it will be published. To my mind there are far too many people shouting that the sky is falling and not enough talking about how this delay isn't that unusual for KS boardgames. The up front delay is just 6 months, perfect average as many other BIG ks project, so until someone come here and will say "sorry, we quit" I think there is enough hope to see this game completed. I know, the legal thing is heavy, but we don't know which resources Rik has or will use so until these projects will officialy failed we should be positive Oh no Marc, I like the updates a lot. I just hope we all get our games sometime lol. If we got nothing though I'd be more bummed never actually getting the chance to play and own AIYP/UF. I'm fine losing a couple hundred bucks because I know KS is not a preorder site or shop. But I'd still be bummed. At least Galaxy Defenders and Incursion will keep me very busy in 2014 while we all wait. Rik owes us the truth, and either a refund -10% that went to amazon and Ks, or the finished product.. I will say it again there was NO LEGAL ISSUE WITH AIRBORNE IN YOUR POCKET.. So why then in the 15 months since he took our money has he not finished the product? It's not even done.. Not at printer, not waiting on Shipping it is vaporware.. and might I add it was a high quality print run of a print and play game that was ALREADY DONE.. so how is it not done? There is no REASONABLE EXCUSE at this point that AIYP isn't at the printer already.. he simply has taken the money and given nothing back. His most recent excuse is that he is lacking volunteers that of course he never asked for.. they are all just excuses.. That is what started me posting here.. I swear that some of you are just determined to see this project fail, and will do whatever you can to make it so. It's pathetic, really. Do you REALLY think you stand even a ghost of a chance of getting anything to happen legally in the next 3 years, considering there's an ongoing legal issue happening right now? If you do, you really don't know much about the legal system. And would you really rather them direct even more of the money that was attained in Kickstarter to deal with legal issues, rather than having direct the funds towards the PROJECTS THEMSELVES? Come on people...use your brains! It's not all roses and smiley faces with Rik, that I'm sure. I'm also sure he didn't set out on this project hoping to go through legal troubles in the middle of the project. Though I don't know him, I'm betting he had every intention to get this project complete. I still hope he intends to do that. With people constantly complaining, demanding their money, demanding RIDICULOUS information, talking nonsense about starting another legal action, do you really think they'd even WANT to continue if they got the money back? There are 2,407 backers for this project. Or there was. I'm not sure how many people have given up, lost faith, or are just so blinded by their dislike of a person that they demanded their money back. I wonder if some of them come on here and post the same nonsense over and over again. If you think this project is dead, then LEAVE! Stop wasting your time here. Stop wasting your time on a "dead" project. Don't you have something better to do, or something more interesting to spend your time on? Normally KS shuts down projects when there are IP and other legal issues.. Rik misrepresented himself in this regard or this project would have died and we would all have our $ still. My previous comment btw was in regard to Airborne in your pocket.. a game that is 8 weeks from being 1 year over due, a game funded in 2012.. Face it Rik is a slimy ****, odds of us getting anything from these 2 projects looks very slim.. AIYP has no IP issues or legal issues, he has no excuse why he has essentially stolen 100k$ from nearly 900 people. If nothing comes of these 2 KS to due the amount of money approaching half a million $, and 3200 claimants, I suspect we will have a hell of a case for mail fraud.. I am pretty certain Rik will see federal time.. I have a couple of lawyer buddies I smoke cigars with, I guess it is time I start talking to them, and see if we can get an investigation opened on him in Texas. KS may not guarantee anything, but in practice you do get stuff, it looks like a internet purchase to me, I am not a lawyer though.. @Andrew, none of the KS I backed ever required this kind of proof. Because they never hidded when they hit a trouble what it was and how they tried to resolve it. Also none of them was in jeopardy about the funds and the intellectual property of the license, without warning. @Andrew McGregor, Of all the KS projects I have backed so far, none were entangled in such a smelly legal and financial morass. If you are going to generalize, please try to be more specific. Nathaniel, of the 18 KS projects I have backed so far not a single one would have met your standard for proof of progress. @Marc, Sorry but thoses regular update proof nothing about Up Front being published. They are just proof that people already paid and working for free are still working on the game. Proof that the game will be published should be : A printer reservation, a bank account receipt showing they did have enough money left to print, a contengency plan telling us how they intent to print and with what money, an official admitance that the trials (that start before the KS) are deeply affecting their capacity to print the game and its' not a minor slag, an official admitance about what is the real reason the printing get delayed. What we are shown is that a product is worked on by a bunch of freelancer, backed up by a few artists. The artists are already paid, the others works for free. They can keep producing thoses free updates for month yet the game will not be closer to be published. What is hindering the publishing is not the project advancement it is : 1- The funds that are in hold at court. 2- The fact that the transmission of the right to print Up Front from Valley Games to Radiant Gaming was contested in court and is one of the matters in the trial. @Daniel: So you feel that receiving regular updates every 2-3 days is not proof enough that Up Front will be published??? I'm still wondering what is the purpose of such comment. Agreed Mike. Who knows what will come of all of this. I definitely understand the frustration. I backed AIYP and Up Front. Shame if we never see either game. @Kelly: Would you please pass on to Rik, that People in his other Project AIYP would happily volunteer to help with it.. It turns out, us the paying backers are being held up because he only has one volunteer to help him, a volunteer that is working on Upfront here as well. He never asked us the backers for help.. yet he uses it as an excuse to not produce a product.. Since Rik has yet to respond to anyone from AIYP's project that directly connects to him I posted it here.. We would gladly help, as to remove any more excuses.. He is coming up on being a year late, and MANY people are starting to feel more then a little ripped off. So once again if he bothers to post an update in AIYP I can assure you he will happily get volunteers for a project that was already supposedly 100% done, as he was just adding stuff to a game that was already in the wild for years as a free print and play.. yet it has taken him over a year.. so here we are, we volunteer. Also remember that what you hear nowadays isn't necessarily what was used back in the 30s and 40s. I'm positive multiple countries no longer use the same terminology for some ranks or even the same ranks that they used in WW2. Nathaniel, it seems Bradley is right. Soldat seems to be the right name for that rank. But whatever, I'm a sarge! :-) You sure the "Seconde Classe" weren't refferred as "Seconde Classe" ? like in "Seconde Classe Dupond, sortez du rang!" ? I always hear the military call the people by their classe when calling them individually and using "Soldats" when calling a groupe. Research indicates that Soldat de deuxième classe was referred to in short form as "Soldat" while Soldat de première classe was referred to as "première classe" And here I come, as a sgt! :-) As usual, top quality! BTW, if first class soldiers are 1CL, why second class are SOL for soldat and not 2CL for 2nd class? I saw that many japanese soldiers sharies the same drawing, such as 9 and 19. And this seems to be also the case for other nations. Too bad you didn't obtain as many poses as there are soldiers. Yes I'll see if the Action Decks can be added to previews. The team is a few decks ahead. In fact I found an error in the next deck (French) tonight. Small graphics error, we had the post WW2 roundel in the corner. I found it while laying out the French Group ID counters. The Action Decks have the right one, but the wrong one snuck in on the personality cards. Bradley, I'm sorry, I didn't make myself understood. I didn't mean, "can you show us the non-personnel cards now." I meant, eventually, when they are ready, can we get a look at them as well. I gather from your last post that the answer is yes. That, the action decks are all done, so that can be added to the list of previews as of now. But, for other sets, they are still to come. Do I have that right. Bradley: Thanks for getting back to me, I am glad to hear things are happening.. Rik can't be bothered to update AIYP project, and seems to ignore direct messages for backers.. not just me but many many people.. I will never back another thing Rik does, his lack of professionalism, and myriad of other issues are not worth the angst. Issac, We are about 3-5 soldier sets ahead of the releases. The terrain cards are done. This can probably happen. AFV cards. Excel data sheet is still being filled out and proofed. Some new vehicles have been added like the Matilda Frog. Temple is done, but we have not hit compile on that one yet. This will be next. Weapon cards. This is going to be last. I really got nothing except Version 20 of the tentative template. Mike, I have nothing to do with the AiyP project. On 24 Dec, I accidentally received a email from a graphic designer in Europe who is also working on Up Front with all kinds of game images for AiyP. It was in regards to some sort of photo shoot and textures for cards. I only have that message and it is a one fragment of a chain judging by the written portion. Bradley, as part of this 2-3 day previews series, will we also eventually be able to have like previews of the other cards, i.e. (a) the action decks, (b) weapons cards and the (c) AFV cards? Merry Christmas to Bradley, Rik and everyone else working on this project. May your day be peaceful and bring some joy to your heart. Bradley K.: How about an update about Airborne in your pocket? That game was funded like 6 months before this one.. and yet Rik is very very quiet about the expected delivery date or WTF the game is.. It is extremely deceptive at this point. So WTF is going on with that game? Are there any gameplay examples that be shared via video to give us all a taste of what's to come? I guess there are some people who would rather be upset than satisfied! To those few who want UpFront to fail and disappear into the Kickstarter wreckage of past failed projects, please give the rest of us a small break and STFU for just a week! A week of silence and semi-normality then turn the rant back on if you feel the need. Thanks in advance:-) Th I am really happy that things are going on and it's not only on the production side, but also on rules and gameplay :) To be clearer. It is not really changing a rule, but the rule mechanic. Sure, The rules are being laid out. Todd is adding the appropriate card/counter images to the rules file. Small tweaks are still happening, but these should not impact lay out. For example a few days ago we had another hard look at the Waffen SS rules after some issues where raised. They are in much better shape and I think we have captured the essence of these comabtants now. Another example is a discrepancy between what the rules say and what the counter sheet has on it. We are currently deciding whether to modify the rule to fit the counter sheet or modify the counter sheet to fit the rule. Bradley, could you give an informal verbal status update of the rules set. Are the rules locked down? They're locked down but still being laid out? etc. Updates are coming though regularly, it's very fie. Oh, BTW, the soviet #12 is a friend a mine! He's got a very good morale, he he Bradley...no specific question...but I do appreciate the updates, and we all can't wait until the finished product. Happy holidays! George N ... The Congaman of the drumbeaters ... A lot of things change all the time and there are at least 31 spreadsheet for personality cards alone. Do you have a specific question? Any chance of viewing a spreadsheet of all the planned card names and stats without the artwork? @George N. - Specifically, Kickstarter states: "Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." In other part, it states this about accountability: "Kickstarter does not guarantee projects or investigate a creator's ability to complete their project. On Kickstarter, backers (you!) ultimately decide the validity and worthiness of a project by whether they decide to fund it." So the onus falls to each person individually to decide if someone was valid and worthy BEFORE they pledge funds to it. A little late to start questioning the creator of the game after you've pledged money and the kickstarter has closed. As it states in the FAQ, "it's not uncommon for things to take longer than expected", so patience must be practiced. At the same time, us fans can certainly request updates on the game to keep the creator honest and working. Has this project always been forthcoming with updates? No, it hasn't. But neither have they dropped the ball. It still appears work is being done and progress is being made in the game. Delayed, yes. Dead or dying, not at all. I feel people asking for refunds neglected to do thorough consideration of the project and creator BEFORE pledging money, and are not exercising patience in what is certainly a trying environment that this game is being created in. I still support, cautiously, this project and I'm trusting that the work being done is with the full intent to get the project completed. @Lance - Kickstarter terms and conditions say that the project must deliver rewards or refund. Stop being a sock-puppet. Update 86 is just the US Regular Army. Sorry for the confusion. When we release other countries with more than one card set we will title it better. ie Instead of "Italy" it will be "Italian Regular Army" Just to clarify, the US art release did not include the USMC cards right? @ Issac & Nataniel, One reason 2-3 days between decks is because it is a part of our proofing process. If we dump everything in here at once it will be overload. This way hopefully more people look at each set, and if a fresh pair of eyes catches an error, then great. Another is also we are also proofing behind the scenes on ones father down the line. The Germans are on Version 9 and I caught an error just the other day. Actually, if there are enough chargebacks, the fraud and legal departments will laser focus on Radiant. So, in addition to backers getting their money back, the CC companies will investigate the company against which the chargebacks are made, which may lead to other issues. So, don't assume that legal action against a company won't affect them. Suppose we 'actually' get the game in due course... Has anyone did a count on what are the stuff that we are suppose to get when the game is delivered...I pledged at the $125, M/SGT Level and I've counted based on what is listed in the main page, I will actually be getting 2690 cards plus tons of tokens and a leather bound rulebook... I'll be glad to receive just the stuff that I pledged for.. minus the stretch goals if we do get our game... everything else is just a 'bonus' note, when people get money back from theyr Credit Cards on stuff like this the money is not coming from Radiant games it comes from the credit card comp who pass the cost on to its other card holders, so when people proudly proclaim they got theyr money back they realy are just stickin it to the rest of us and radiant isnt affected at all. P.S. i fully expect to see this game come out and am not bothered by how long it takes, kick starter is a gamble not a store, once you've given your money theres no real guarantee you'll see that product and people who dont understand this should stick with amazon.com @Isaac, to get past the one year limit on Credit Cards charge back... A possible omission. I looked, but could for my life not find Pvt Brian Jones: Pan -1, Rout 0, Kia 9, CCV 0. Yes, what exactly is the point of taking 60 days or so (~20 x 3) to trickle out the finished solider artwork? What are you trying to accomplish with that? No updates -> complain We have updates -> complain Could you enjoy the news and the awesome arts without complian of everything everytime? Is Up Front a freemium game now? If the art is done, then why not put it all up at once? Everyone can look through it and check for errors and then it can be off to the printer...you know, so we can get the game we all paid for nearly a year ago. What's with the slow rollout? Or is this just another delaying tactic to prevent more people from going after a refund? "All quiet on the Up Front?" I like them, whatever the font, racist or not. :-) New Banzai Counter <url>#14138133 Happy Thanksgiving! Question, will the five additional major nationality expansions (British, Japanese, French, Italian, and Soviet be available for purchase in the future? I know you're still in the middle of this, but I'm just curious. I'm wishing now I had backed at a higher level to get the expansions as well. Happy Thanksgiving to all the people working on this project! I'm thankful you're all sticking with this project through all of the troubles. Enjoy your day, hopefully with loved ones or friends. Hmmm...not trolling but thanks anyways. Zac, perhaps you can take your attitude somewhere else too. I am just looking to get information on this Kickstarter that has been less than optimal when it comes to keeping us informed. My frustration has been echoed by a number of other investors and I think our concerns are legitimate. I am sorry if you disagree. FWIW I liked the most recent update and wish we had more like it in the past. Kurt maybe you can go troll somewhere else. Hey look another update posted, lets see how long it takes for some troll to pop up and tell us all how its not real and how theyr being disrespected and that they demand answers consarnit. I don't care if it's Rik posting or not. Most Kickstarters that are done with any professionalism typically assign someone NOT on the design crew to handle PR. PR can be a full time job for some of the bigger projects. My fingers are crossed that the work being done isn't in vain. Rather than see screen shots of work being done I'd rather see a screen shot of the printing order. Again, I'd rather see the Kickstarter folks be the ones who are informed first instead of the BGG folks. Obviously, the folks running this project care more for the BGG crowd than they do for those who helped fund this lawsuit...er...project. Bloody hell even poor old Ed Carter didn't stoop this low. It is an insult, Rik needs to wakeup and post real updates rather than rely on others to do his PR. It's pathetic and insulting to think a screen shot of some file activity comes anywhere near providing substantive information about the progress of the game. Your PR needs sorting out, this kind of thing just makes people even madder. I'd like to know one thing, at what date will you be able to tell us the date for printing? It's a simple and fair question and the answer would be worth a million screenshots. @ Bradley Thank you for keeping some form of communication open on this page. I know some people only want to hear from Rik himself, but I'm pleased to see that there's still work in progress on this and I'm still very much looking forward to seeing this game in my hands! Keep up the work, guys, and Bradley please keep us informed on here if you can. @ Scott NP. Legit question. @ bradley thanks so much apologies if I came across aggressive with that query nice to see progress BTW for a game that is nor 'going to print' Rik is spending an awful amount of time on it. <url>#14066194 @ Scott He has been laying cards out and doing spreadsheets since he wrapped up AIYP cards. I emailed him again. I'm sorry, I hope I'm wrong but I really think this game is dead in the water now. Where are the updates? Where's the communication? Hey Bradley, What happened with Rik posting the counter sheets? You mentioned it would be "any day now" almost a month ago @rafael until this KS will be officially broken everything can happen, you can think whatever you want, but until an official statement will be done the project is still up even with a delay (not so huge, just 6 months, smaller projects I follow have 4 months but no one complains). With the receipt of my tracking number for Ogre: Deluxe Edition (another project with many stretch goals and additional components added) I thought I'd do a quick comparison between this long delayed project and that one. At this point in the ODE process (4.5 months after the missed target) I was getting updates at least once a month (often more frequently) with pictures and much explanation about continued delays. Philip Reed was diligently answering questions posted by backers. Here... not so much. For you Airborne in Your Pocket backers (thankfully not me) at the 7.5 month delay point ODE had a shipping date (which they kept) and were planning a launch party. Again, with Airborne... not so much. I know there are legal issues related to this project and knew them going in but it is difficult for me to believe that there is absolutely nothing that can be said about Up Front due to that. I also know Radiant/Valley/Elusive is a smaller company than SJGames so don't expect the same amount of information but would appreciate something. Not hearing much of anything at this point makes me firmly believe I will never see this game from this company in the promised format. Still no refund here (10/10, 10/18, 10/30, 11/5, 11/14). @John Nichols I've not seen his other posts on other projects but he doesn't seem to be raving here, he makes a valid and salient point. It is disrespectful and if this silence and lack of substance continues, it will feel like disdain. @Mark Mitchell: It's not that I'm pleased about the lack of communication either, but suffice it to say that after you see the same person comment a few times on multiple kickstarters, you arrive at the conclusion that some people just aren't happy unless they're foaming at the mouth... So at what date will you be able to give us a completion date? At the very least someone at RG should give us some idea, at the moment (regardless of the court case) your communications are shameful. Nearly 4 months and 2 updates with next to no substantive information. @Paul Scwartz - Completely Agree @John Nichols. I think considering the nebulous last update nearly a month ago we deserve better treatment. @Paul Schwartz: Could you just ... stop? how about a progress report on what has to be done yet why does there have to be so little communication its disrespectful +1 for posting updates here instead of BGG (post them on BGG if you like also, but one of the reasons I like supporting kickstarters is that I am typically kept informed on the progress of the game and that's something I am interested in following). @Mark - I am fine with the delay. That's the price of doing business in this world. The lack of communication and specific avoidance of critical questions re funding were my concern. @ marc Good to hear no offense. Sorry, sometimes jokes and sarcasm are lost over the net. For me anyways :-) @John: Exactly. @Scott: No offense, I just forgot some smileys (my demands were so ridiculous I thought no smileys were needed). I was just fed up with people asking refunds continually, or if the game will be published one day. As if it could speed up things or make them real. @ John My bad. Pity I can't delete my comment @scott murray: He was making a joke, dude. Relax. @ Marc Get real. You want a game? Don't ask for a refund. Giving a game to those who get refunds is plain abuse to those who stayed the course I want a refund. And my games too. And the games fro those asking their refund. Got the low res pdf of the print format rulebook yesterday. Its being combed through to find errors. Still no refund here. Yes it's a crazy question, but one that have been answered countless times by Rik and Bradley. Also this is the upteenth times it has been asked. :-) And AFAIK, it's yes, otherwise their would n't be (rare) updates. But the november deadline is dead... So, crazy question, I know, but do you think this game will ever get made?! Had faith before but it's startin to fade now @Tomas Very interesting attempt to add some intuitiveness to the relative range system. Now it's been a while since I've played UF a lot, but I believe there's more to the use of the RR numbers then simply being goals to achieve. Your suggested change may actually cause more work than it cures, unless the heart of the system itself is changed. I don't think anyone wants to go there. @Ryan: No one here has responded. I will probably try to post something to BGG this week. I'm not sure the best way to do that. If someone does actually take me up on the offer the money will end up fueling additional counter sheets for Ogre: Deluxe Edition - can't wait to get my copy. That's a project that was incredibly delayed but backers were pretty well informed every step of the way. I have an idea, Have Rik post those as updates, here on the Kickstarter page. Neal, <url>"Upfront Kickstarter Rewards Rights" on BGGs marketplace. @Tomas I backed Glory to Rome Black box so am well aware of late deliveries. I defended Ed even though his PR was atrocious I didn't feel he was exploiting his customers to fund/support other aspects of the business. It's ok I don't expect a reply, just thought I'd reply due to your pointed remark about KS 'experience'. fair enough. @everyone interested in the game as such Apart from Nathaniel's "huh?" no reaction to my suggestion for ranges. I'm thinking perhaps it is easier to see what I mean if I show you. I am going to play with my range method tonight, try to take some pictures to illustrate how it looks and works and show you. I tried it out a bit yesterday, and found the blue and red cubes far easier and faster to use than the original chits and calculations. @Kurt Going to keep this short. I have no interest in a pissing contest on who has the most experience. I am just calling them as I see them, as I noted the ones shouting the loudest have backed only a few other projects, and then offered my thoughts on that. I have no clue to what evidence you are talking about since anyone can see this for themselves. @Tomas - So far, I have backed 7 projects. Of those 7, all of them provided at least monthly updates during the duration from funding to delivery. Several of them have even posted updates after the fact. Only one of these, Up Front, has not posted a monthly progress report. Only one of these, Up Front, is in the middle of a significant lawsuit that could or could not involve the majority of the funds that were raised through the Kickstarter process. I'm not sure how many of your 20+ projects also experienced legal trouble of this nature during their production. If you have more experience with that then I grant you the nod that you have more experience than I do. The most vocal people here are those who seem to be the most concerned about he future of the project and most concerned with the fact that those producing Up Front! are amazingly quiet about something that I would think would play a major role in the future of the project. I have worked in emergency services now (both Fire/EMS and Law Enforcement) for over 25 years. When someone is deliberately ignoring the big issue in the room and not stating the obvious it raises my hackles. I think that experience trumps your 20+ Kickstarters, but that's neither here nor there. If you happen to have factual evidence that backs up what you are saying, then great, let's hear it. Rik want to post the counter sheets anytime now. He is waiting for the green light to make sure there are not any huge errors. Still no refund here. @Kurt I don't know if I agree with you about the rate of project information. I think it is fine as it is. Maybe if you had backed more games here on Kickstarter you would find that this project is sort of in the middle in this regard. An odd fact seems to be that the most vocal here seem to have little experience with Kickstarter, which may or may not be a factor explaining the behavior here. I have backed 20+ projects and some spam my mailbox once a week, and others have been silent for 6 months. So far I have not seen a great correlation between rate of information updates and success. @Nathaniel My method handles that without any problems. I am of course referring to the new (3rd edition) rules. This method will not work without modification for the original rules. Oh, and I forgot to write that you should use the absolute value of blue-red cubes, or in other words subtract one from the other and drop any signs. Not sure what to make of the first part of your reply though. :) @ Tomas, Duh ? oO Dont forget that Up Front use unlimited range in all the direction... Bradley, nice look to the cards. I realize they are very similar to the original cards, but that is what I wanted when I pledged the Kickstarter...something very similar to the original game. I'm not sure what your position is with the team managing the Kickstarter, but this is the kind of information that would make great update material for those of us who backed the game. Seeing it pop up first on BGG was kind of surprising. As for Tomas - the reason you seem to think the drumbeaters have taken over the forum is probably because NOTHING ELSE IS BEING POSTED. Which happens to be what we are complaining about, so, thank you for helping illustrate our point. Having our concerns about the future of this kickstarter continually marginalized by a few die hard fans is not helping the case any, nor is posting updates (if that's what that was) on BGG instead of letting the backers see it first hand. Nice to see some other discussion about the game. I would really like to hear more from Rik or someone who has officially been tasked with the job of keeping the Kickstarter folks informed. @Nathaniel and Phil Right, you need a way to deal with absolute ranges. I have an idea I came up with last night, that I think works, and it would be great to get your thoughts on it. Absent any images, I will try my best to illustrate what I mean. I am only covering two opposing groups, since all rules for dealing with adjacent groups still apply to this system. This method uses tokens of two colors. I would probably use little wooden cubes from some German game. Say we use little blue and red wooden cubes. Up front's uses 6 range steps (0-5) so the "map" can be though of as consisting of 3 ranges for each side from a common middle ground. So what you do at set-up is that you place 2 blue cubes on each group, on both sides, and 1 single cube in the middle between them. The system is simple, the relative range is simply the sum of all cubes on and between two opposing groups. (see below for how to deal with when you cross the middle) When you advance you remove one blue cube from the group and when you retreat you add one blue cube. The way you deal with the crossing of the center is that if you advance, and your group has 0 blue cubes, you add a red cube. Red cubes means you are on the enemy side of the "map". So what you do to get relative range is add all the blue cubes (including the center cube) and subtract the red from that. In short. - Blue cubes = friendly ground, Red cubes = enemy territory. - All groups start with 2 blue cubes. - There is one "neutral" blue cube in the middle, between them - If you advance: If there are blue cubes on the group remove 1. Otherwise add 1 red cube - If you retreat If there are red cubes in the group remove 1 Otherwise add 1 blue cube. Relative range is: Number of blue cubes - Number of red cubes, It seems to me this would be a simple and fast way of doing it. Thoughts? @ Phil, Won't work. A lot of the fire are to adjacent groups and this method won't track their relative position. Lets say column A have the attacker advancing, the defender retreating, column B and C the attacker retreat and the defender advance. By your suggested method all the three have a range 5 marker but Groups B and C are adjacent and group A very far away from them. @ Tomas. Great idea to have a new subject! As far as making it easier for ranging, it could be as simple as having one range counter in the middle. Start at 5. One side moves forward, it changes to 4. Other side moves backwards, it opens back out to 5. Or, if other side moves forward, it changes from 4 to 3. That way there's only one counter that raises or lowers depending on the movement of the groups in that "line". Shooting from one line to another line, would have to be worked out, but I think it could be done relatively easily. By having only one range marker set between the opposing sides, it makes determining range to the enemy very easy. You look...Range 4. Okay. I play a Fire card and reference Range 4 on my soldier's weapons. @Tomas, funnily enough I started a thread exactly about this subject on BGG. Then again you don't want to engage in any conversation with me, so I won't bother posting the link. If I may turn my attention to the game itself, one aspect I had hope they would remedy in the update was its fiddliness. At least some aspects of it, like the range mechanism. Now, I have played the original a lot and can grok the relative ranges between units at a glance, but I still yearn for a simpler more intuitive way of dealing with it. I am not sure the new way makes much of a difference in that regard though I can see that it may be a bit easier to explain to newcomers. Sad to say I don't have any good suggestions on how to improve the current mechanics, but more of a nagging suspicion that it can be done. Perhaps inspiration could come from the German-style board games since they have come up with many brilliant ways of dealing with quite complex concepts using wooden tokens and whatnot. I realize this is a moot point when it come to the game as published since the rules and components are long settled, so any solution to the range tracking problem along these lines, if found, would have to be more of a hobby-effort. I will not engage in further conversation with you, Mark, as I don't want to become part of the problem. I think the term fanatic, by any reasonable definition of the term, fits like a glove. Winston Churchill said it best: "A fanatic is one who can't change his mind and won't change the subject" Fanatics?! That in itself is extreme. Maybe the 'fanatical' fanboys could stop trying to shout down backers who are raising important questions about the project. Don't you think it was misleading for RG to start this Kickstarter knowing that you had a large pending court case which could endanger backers money and not mentioning it in the risks? The court case isn't an irrelevant side show, it's very probable that it's the main cause for delay. But please go ahead discuss art and counters, call us 'fanatics' in an attempt to discredit very rational concerns and anger at being mislead. You'd love to mute us and so would Rik. Censorship would make this project so much easier to bulldoze. @Tomas I agree with your well thought out comments. Man, the drumbeaters have really taken over this comment thread. The problem with these dogmatists writing about the court case, is that they flood the channel and thereby drown any useful and interesting exchanges of thoughts and ideas. People like these can not be reasoned with, and anyone who tries will only fuel the flames of their fervor even more. They have the very same mind set as fanatics, with their ego tightly bound to whatever "cause" they happen to be committed to. The facts are very simple. We have pledged money to a project. It is 4 months late. The project management has communicated that it will be delivered, though late. Anything connected to any legal proceedings will be dealt with in court, the details of which are only known to the involved parties, and no amount of steam-blowing here will have any effect whatsoever on that. What I wouldn't give to have an ignore- or squelch-option, like in many online games. One mouse click, and "wham" ... blessed silence. @Marc A I'm curious as to why you would want the cards marked with the obvious? I mean isn't it straightforward what the terrain cards are, action cards are, event cards are, etc? (sorry, hit the wrong key too early) ... sily distinguish terrain cards from other and avoid confusion. The simple word 'terrain' somewhere on appropriate cards could be handy The cards are beautiful, really, and sometimes, the graphic looks like photo. But there is thing I dislike, it's that you copied the layout of the original cards down to every letter. The problem with the original card was that breeze (an event), ford (a 'help') and radio (an action) are treated the same way when it comes to display them on the card. Those three samples are very different in their use, as you know. It would really be helpful to distinguish them one way or another. The same way, on the original game, only the terrain cards were colored. Here, everyone of them is colored (a good thing), but at least, you were able to ea I posted card samples posted over at BGG. We had some room on the counter sheet so you'll now have some new reminder counters. Rik is hoping to post the counter sheets soon. Has anyone received an email from here? This user's account has been deleted. I don't need to know details of any court case. I don't want to speculate on that. What I do want, is someone who is qualified to run a project with $339,848 of other people's money. I'm hoping for the game as I backed for two copies but I really am doubting we will see product. @ David Off to the credit card then? My "pessimistic outlook" has developed over the past several years dealing with people professionally in legal and medical matters. I wouldn't say it's pessimistic so much as it is experienced. To be perfectly honest, whether I know what is happening or not will make little difference to the project. It will only have bearing on my own willingness to invest in later Kickstarters run by Rik, Valley, and/or Radient Games. Right now, that isn't looking highly probable. Unfortunately for Rik, Valley, and/or Radient Games, I have a sneaking suspicion that there are many people who feel the same way I do and clamming up right now isn't helping their future success. I fell saddened by your naiveté. Fine. You guys have no hope. I feel saddened for your pessimistic outlook. Thank you Kurt you succinctly explained exactly my concerns. I don't want or expect to know the details of the court case BGG is good for that. But I will not accept shouting down by from spin doctors trying to cover the serious issues with this project by attacking concerned backers who are raising very valid points. Rik does not have to engage with the details of the court case but it would bloody well help to give his word it will not effect the production of the game, which I guess he cannot, because it will. Until he says specifically otherwise I will assume the worse case scenario and there is nothing to convince me otherwise at the moment such as posts saying 'printing has started' or 'games are shipping'. I've asked for a refund 4 times. I've emailed Valley with no response. Guess I'm screwed. How about publishing a base set with US, Russians, and Germans. Add the rest later. You can raise funds by selling the base game. Not everyone here is asking for a refund. I see more requests for information on the project and regular updates. We just received a fairly vague update last week from Rik and hopefully he will fill us in on a more regular basis. The defenders here say that this is a typical delay for Kickstarter and seem to be implying that we are whining needlessly. Sorry, but this is not the case. This delay is NOT typical. There are a few notable exceptions (Steve Jackson's OGRE for instance), however I have pledged for 6 wargame type projects in the past year. Two of these have not been delivered yet (Sails of Glory and Robotech). These are both miniature games that require the physical production of plastic components. Both Napoleon and Guns of Gettysburg were fulfilled early in the Summer. Warmachine Tactics is a computer game with a due date of next August. All of these titles except Up Front have posted regular updates. Some have slipped their shipping dates, but they kept us informed that they were doing so. You see, the problem isn't the fact that the game is late. At least for me. The problem is that the backers of this project have been regularly kept in the dark from the very beginning. It is correct that a legal case can require certain aspects of non-disclosure, but I have worked with a lot of legal cases and very rarely do these cases require NO DISCLOSURE (this would typically require some threat of violence or other dangerous anticipated outcome to result from that disclosure). I don't buy this excuse being offered up by the defenders that Rik is unable to comment due to non-disclosure requirements regarding the case. He should be able to say something at least. I have yet to read anywhere where Rik or Radiant have stated that they are restrained by a gag order so that excuse won't fly for me until I hear it from the horse's mouth. Look, I just want some honesty. I don't need Simone to barrage me with a bunch more made up crap. I got into the project because I believed in it. DDay Dice had done well and it seemed that the political rumblings on BBG were garbage. Even Dirk and Aldie seemed to think so. How about some full disclosure Rik? Notice I am not asking Simone or Phil for this. I am asking Rik or someone who can speak for Rik. It's the nature of the beast Phil. You can't stop negative comments or positive comments, it all provides a balance to this situation. A lot of people helped Rik raise his money and perhaps he just needs to be respectful of that. To what purpose Mark Mitchell? What does getting on here and constantly complaining and demanding a "transparency" that cannot happen during a court case accomplish? Have you never been involved in a court case? A person involved in a court case, especially one of this magnitude, CANNOT get into ANY detail regarding what is going on with the case, or the money involved with the case, while the case in ongoing. So no quantity of people complaining about lack of transparency over the court case will get Rik to post any amount of detail regarding it. To do so would be to potentially bring up additional charges against him in the court case. Perhaps many of you that constantly complain and constantly demand that Rik give full disclosure about his funds for getting this project done do not know that bit of information regarding court cases. The most recent update informs us that work is still being done on this. That's likely the extent that could be relayed in terms of details for this ongoing court case. Certainly they could eventually say that "it's at the printers" or "we plan to get it to the printers in the next month or so", but since they don't have any definitive times for those particular instances, it wasn't mentioned. Simply complaining about it more isn't going to change that fact. I want the game to be completed. I'm not one to idly hope that it's still progressing. I would personally prefer a bit more updates, even if it's just from other people involved with the project. But you don't see me complaining about the lawsuit (it accomplishes nothing to complain about it, and changes nothing) and I'm not likely to go and demand repayment on my pledge. I have hope this will be done..one month, 3 months, 6 months or more from now. I have faith that the people involved have every intention to see this completed. I know it's delayed (obviously), but from what I've seen, work is still progressing on it. That's positive, in my book. I ask that all of you who are constantly demanding full disclosure consider the legal ramifications that Rik is under. Do the rest of us a favor and tone down the negativity. The rest of us will do our best to not speak wondrously about the project as well. @Simone If Rik had another source of money why did Valley take a loan? Why did Radiant start a Kickstarter project rather than just produce it? I was one if the first people to raise concerns about the approximately 3.5 million cards that need to be produced and felt that the amount of additional nations and stretches did not actually add anything apart from greater costs for Radiant/ Valley. I can dig out the post in BGG if you wish. I was also concerned and a bit angry at the situation as a whole, especially as the stretch goals felt like bait to ensure a good total creating higher risks in doing so, (ie lawsuit and huge volumes of cards, plus massive shipping costs for all of them). Lets not forget the KS started after the lawsuit, yet none if this was put into the risks. @Aaron Whatever modicum of pressure this puts on Rik to give us transparency, I think, is good for everyone. It might make a small difference to show that some are watching closely and feel they represent a silent majority who haven't got time to find out exactly what's going on with their money or to track the lawsuit. Yes we can all just sit dumbly by or post sugar candy messages but sometimes I think it's fair to make counter arguments against the strange Valley/Radiant fanboys/employees/PR people who berate the justified negative posters. I'm not a hater, I have just decided its time to speak up after being silent for a long time. Yes. The former. Thanks. @Aaron, you mean you hope for the former? Mark and others. You aren't doing anyone any favors but perpetuating this crap! It's either going to get produced or it isn't. I'm hoping for the latter. If you want a refund, go figure out a way to get it so I don't have to read about the #%**g lawsuit anymore. Regardless of how I feel about Rik or the entire situation personally I want my game and I think so do the vast majority of the people who pledged. There will come a point at which if it hasn't been produced we all go nuts. I'm not there yet! Rik, update more often. Rik @Mark and again, you don't know if Rik has other source of money and use them to go on with upfront, he could found them after the judgment or whatelse, this is a possibility that you haters don't consider and I don't know why, as a backer you have to be faith in Rik otherwise why backed this project? Everyone knew about the huge amount of goodies in this project and backed anyway, after months you complain about them? It's nonsense to me @phil I think you have that round the wrong way. They didn't post enough open and transparent updates that's why there are negative vibes. If you want to give me $100 then I will be much more positive on here. Otherwise tell me exactly why people should be positive considering the project situation at the moment? Why is Rik (working)? in Australia at this time? Why isn't replying to refund quests? Why is he publicly posting stupid photoshopped images while people grow more angry about the situation? It just looks like he couldn't give a crap, great PR job. There is a serious court case against Radiant with a huge amount of money having been seized and held by the court. A similar amount to that which was raised by kickstarter.... Do I really need to spell it out again? Just imagine the lawyer fees for fighting Phil Saur who lent them money in the first place. So where is all this new money coming from to fight the case and produce the seemingly ridiculous amount of cards and stretch rewards that Up Front has? If you an tell me I might feel more positive. If you want to rely on blind faith, be my guest. No word yet on the refund I asked for back on 10/10. With all the negative comments from people, it's no wonder Rik and company never come here to post updates. Even when they do post updates, people complain. To quote from an appropriate movie: "Why don't you knock it off with them negative waves? Why don't you dig how beautiful it is out here? Why don't you say something righteous and hopeful for a change?" Nathaniel is probably right Ryan. However, let me be the first to test those waters. I pledged at the $60 level. An open offer to any US backer - $50 to me now and the game is yours if it is ever printed and sent to me, shipping included. Obviously you are gambling a bit here but I have a 100% positive rating on eBay (buying and selling) with a feedback score over 1000. I've also got a positive score on the Geek and have been active there for 10+ years. Looks like Rik is having too much fun on holiday in Australia to respond to my refund request, @Ryan I think that trying to sell contribution on BGG is fairly delusional. Not to mention pretty hard to do with nothing but good faith that at one time in the future you would send the product as you cant transfer the ownership of a donation. I bet you could sell your contribution on BGG, which is better than a refund because someone still gets your rewards and Rik doesn't lose money. I am sure there are people that would buy you out with the ridiculous amounts of extras that were promised.. Folks, if you want a refund, posting here on the KS page is not the way to go about getting it. You can send Rik a message through his Kickstarter profile. You can get his email address from the Valley Games / Radiant Darkstar Games website. And if he doesn't respond to you there and you still want to see about getting your money back, at that point the only real avenue left for you is to reach out to your credit card company. They'll make you jump through some hoops but, given how late things are and how bleak the prospects for project delivery seem, you've got a good chance of seeing your money back there (it's actually called a "chargeback"). So, Rik sended a long-awaited update about up front, I REALLY hope that now the people will recover from the negativeness that someone spread in this section and on BGG and can have faith again in this project. The delay is a part of this project due to be so HUGE and in line with many other KS, so we only have to wait, it's just this... @Rion don't worry, many other KS have the same delay or even more, many other have less news, I backed and followed many and lots have the same pattern, but up front is one of the few with the best ratio of price/things in the game so it deserves patience So how do I get a refund? The sad part is I convinced a friend of mine you had never used kickstarter that this would be a great 1st project tp back for him, woops........ Why you didn't ask a refund as soon as the judgment story popped up back in February (or March, don't remember)? Simply because EVERYONE had hope for Up Front and DIDN'T care of the Risks & Challenges section, it's normal because EVERYONE want to play up front, but now, suddenly, you underline the " Risks & Challenges section". I agree with you, I'd like to hear any kind of news about up front from everyone involved, but my faith is the same as the day I pledged, I will start to worry only when an official news about the failing of this project will come out. Obviously, you can do what you want, but in my mind, a refund is worst than a judgment for this project How do I get a refund for this game? Hi - I'm quite prepared to keep an open mind over whether or not UF will ever see the light of day and will not (at this stage) be asking for a refund. I am concerned, however, by the 2+ month delay in updates. If Rik cannot comment because the matter is sub judice, then he should say so; if he has to wind up or down-scale the project then he should also say that sooner rather than later. I understand that KS investing involves an element of risk but that, to some extent, is what the Risks & Challenges section is for - to allow for an informed choice by investors. We were not told about these risks when they arose and there was time for us to withdraw our pledges. No Simone, I did not miss that update. That was update #54 and it was sent significantly later then the date the Kickstarter closed. Again, this information should have been provided by Rik when he opened up the Kickstarter. I am quite aware of what other updates have been posted. While I admire your desire to defend Up Front, Rik and Radiant you have nothing more to do with this project than I do so your speculation and faith don't offer much in the way of information. I am with Kyle. The publicly posted information regarding the lawsuit does not leave me with a warm fuzzy feeling and I would like to know from someone who is actually working on the project and is aware of the financial status of the project what the impact of these proceedings are in regards to my investment. I am really tired of being spoken to as if I am a whining crybaby. I will be very happy if the project works and I see Up Front show up on my doorstep. I am not happy with the poor communication from Radiant regarding the project. Having the project succeed will not change that and I doubt I would ever back Radiant in any other Kickstarter (or whatever else they change their name to). It has been 2 months since an update so I believe we are all aloowed to be irritated. It is understandable to have delays even if it is approaching a year. BUT... IT DOES NOT TAKE MUCH OF AN EFFORT TO KEEP THE PEOPLE WHO GAVE YOU THEIR MONEY TO BACK THIS, UP-TO-DATE ON THE PROGRESS! It is only fair for crying out loud. So I was very willing to sit back and just keep waiting. I have another project I've backed on kickstarter that is nearly 2 years running now. The difference is that the other project keeps us updated with where in the process the project is. Even if you have nothing to update us on, tell us that much, and tell us why. This is getting ridiculous. Add me to the "I want a refund" list please. Kurt, probably you missed the update #54 <url>"up front will never be published" and, again, the delay is a part of many other big KS project. Why is it so strange that Rik could have other funds to push upfront on? Just because he doesn't say so? There is a judgment about this thing, he can't say so for obvious reasons (as many other things he couldn't say). Last thing: why don't you put in your facts list the updates we had from revised rules to chits and cards? Ok, there aren't so many as we like, but at least we have something REAL that the project is going on even if it is slow! Let me simplify it for you. Things I know: 1. VG borrowed a lot if money from an individual who is now suing them for non.-payment and potentially dodgy good will transfers. 2. There have been no updates from Rik or any acknowledgment that there is any impact or problem. 3. There is a large amount of Radiants money tied up with the court. 4. Deadline has been moved back significantly but with no firm commitment to delivery date to updates about when printing will begin. 5. There is an enormous thread on BGG that goes into he legal depths if the case and if you follow this thread you would be concerned. Here are some facts, how's it look to you? I hope you get the game, I hope i get my refund. However neither may happen and that is looking like a potential outcome as well, to deny that possibility is being naive. If the game does die then ill remember people like you who buried their head in the sand and defended extremely poor business and customer/backer support. Mark, I envy your innate ability to know the truth about the things you don't know, I haven't your ability so I judge only the things I know or have real proofs about them. No one deny that the judgment is real or it could be against Rik, but how this is the reason of a future fail of up front no one can say because until Rik will say that upfront is over everything could happen. Rik could have found other funds and he can't say that due to judgement and there could be many other things we don't know that could bring us upfront in the end. Afterall, if you decided for the rufund no problem, have good time and when I will play upfront I will remember of people like you that quitted :) Simone lets get real here. Rik is not responding to questions. Why? Because he BORROWED a significant amount of cash for a potentially linked business then quite possibly broke the terms of the loan and defaulted payment then possibly started Radiant as a potential Pheonix company. It's not speculation, the court case from Phil Saur (the lender of the loan) is in full swing. The courts have frozen the KS money (or at least a similar sum). Rik could just confirm the court action and apologise and ADMIT this situation is causing delays. It's frankly insulting to be told otherwise or pretend the project us slightly delayed due to Artwork. I am requesting a refund as I feel Rik us not going to use my money to produce the game due to lack of communications and no solid delivery date. Silence tells me a lot so I'm calling my CC company as he hasn't responded to my refund request. I imagine Rik is keeping silent until the legal issues that are likely affecting this game release are resolved. I also imagine that he will print this game, provided it is possible for him to do so. I think he understands if he ends up screwing thousands of backers it will mean the end of his professional career as a game producer. @Kurt I backed many projects and not so many have a better comunication than upfront, indeed some become silent for months, but people complain much less than upfront just because they know about the legal issue and start to think that this project is a scam or will never arrive at home. @Mark why did you think Rik need those cash to print the game? Why don't you think he could find money to go on in other ways? Have you some real proofs about that to say so? My faith in Rik is the same as the day I backed, this is one of the main thing of a KS project, when he will says "sorry guys, I will quit" so I will blame him, until now I see only a delay, a common thing in KS projects and Upfront is really a BIG project (over 1000 cards to do from scratch!!!), other things are speculation of childish people who like to spread hate and love to be negative on everything Reading several comments down: Andrew - Others posting information all over Board Game Geek about a legal situation does not count when considering the ethics of full disclosure. When the risks were posted in the initial Kickstarter post this should have been listed. BGG is not universally read by everyone in the gaming community. I do read it, but to be perfectly honest, the tenor or the BGG posts and the support Rik got from Dirk and Aldie seemed to suggest the guy howling about the legal issue was a loose wheel. Having said that, I was willing to take the chance at my pledge level. What bothers me is the lack of communication. I currently have 4 kickstarters in the oven and two recently came to fruition. All of them, except Up Front, posted updates at least monthly. One of them is posting weekly for a product I probably wont see until next August. We should not have to come to this forum for an update. We invested our money in this idea and a little respect back would sure go a long way. The lack of communication coupled with the legal undercurrent seems to suggest not all is well. I am not a hater. I won't go screaming foul if I never see my game. I am aware of the risk I took when I invested. However, I backed your project. Please return the respect and keep us updated on the progress of your project. Thanks for the update, Bradley - appreciate the input here and on BGG, but what I would really have appreciated is for it to be an actual update that I found in my email instead of having to check here. @Brad, your being naive just look at the reality of the timings and legal situation. So Rik what's going on? Updates/News? Have you found a pile of cash with which to print the game? Time to man up and be straight with your backers about the reality of the situation. @ dave So so so glad I didn't end up backing war stories. what a mess War Stories had a design change and a complete rewite after the KS funding ended .... not going to be a real fast release ... @simone yeah ogre was the first thing I backed and it is finally shipping. It is what got me looking at kick starter again, going to be some good gaming sessions soon, and zombiecide coming as well, Going to be hard deciding what to play. @Javawarlock looking at your avatar I think you already know what a delay means for a KS backer :D Oops same developer different project. Airborne in your pocket, someday I hope to have them. Please. It has been a while since I looked at this, but since I backed at the level that gets d day dice it would be nice to get at least that. Since it is at least an actual product. @ Phil Uhh no. Quite a few backers have obtained refunds, so they won't be waiting for it ;-) My biggest beef is that I have to read the Comments for updates. Bradley K. should emailing these updates to Rik to post in the Updates section. No official updates in two months is bullshit IMHO. I'm backed at a higher level than I should be and am willing to wait indefinitely for no product. I'd be placated if updates came more than once every other month. Very MUCH overreacting Malcom Thornton. You're not alone waiting for it...I believe all 2,407 of the backers are still waiting for it. Some of us just have more patience, understand delays, and don't overreact at every new spooky supposition that people come up with. Delays in games happen. I just heard the other day that someone received a kickstarter project that was an entire YEAR late from when they said they'd release the game. Currently this one is less than half that time. @Warren hmmm I recall that as a backer, at some point we were supposed to get the f*****g game! Or am I alone in this? Like RF's other disgraceful KS project, AiYP, we all sit by waiting for the poor developer to resolve his issues with over $400k of our money. Still, maybe I am over re-acting. @Simone, Thanks. Just wanted to make sure I didn't miss anything. @Warren no survey yet, some KS send it when they have all the things ready or near ready, others send before mass production to estimate the number of copies, it's creator choice and means nothing (just to stop the haters) Just wondering. I recall that as a backer, at some point we were supposed to get surveys to fill out in regards to our pledges. Has this happened yet or is it still in the future? Just want to make sure I'm not missing anything as I don't recall ever getting something like this.) Thanks for any help. tick-tock....I just wish the lawsuite would be over with so the project can get the full concentration of the developers. Legal stuff sucks. @Bradley Nice update, maybe you should add it as an official update and even put it on BGG. Agreed witrh NasosP. Some samples of AFV and action cards would be very nice! Hey Bradley, nice update. If I may, since all soldier art is ready and approved, why don't you guys continue with the previews and updates, like you did with other nations? It kept people involved and proved beyond any doubt that the project is moving strong. It shouldn't take you or Rik more than 5 minutes to post the update and it's really a big deal to all the backers. And now, tell me what is the goal of all this discussion. Either the game will be released, either it will not. But whatever we do, it won't change what will happen. Except that it just sows confusion over there. You are a forgiving bunch! Probably to your credit. More so than I. I hope you are right, and that what we are being told is true. I agree with Brad Z. All projects have risks and most KS projects end up being delayed. I understand the concerns around the lawsuit, but as Andrew pointed out there was plenty of information out there about it. Additionally, there were plenty of people talking about it here during the campaign - so much so that I remember Rik lamenting that the project wouldn't reach nearly its potential due to the vitriol spewed here and at BGG at the time. I do think the stretch goals were a bit too ambitious, and would love to see the core game delivered with the stretch goals coming in later. But as Brad said, we need to just let this play out and see what happens. If the monster that is Steve Jackson's Ogre can make it to the finish line (they are getting ready to start shipping), then anything is possible! I'm fed up with this project, I want the money back. Not only mine, but all the money. Well, yes, I need to buy a house... @Andrew ... I can guarantee all the work going on is not a lie ... much action going on ... @James I agree that Rik should have disclosed this information under project risks. However, looking back, I've found pages at BGG about the lawsuit while the UF KS was running. I could have done my due diligence at the time and discovered this information prior to backing this project. Looking forward I choose to be optimistic and hope that these updates are truthful. However, just like in Bradley's story about the Folgore art, I could find out tomorrow that it's all a lie. Bottom line, everyone has made their bets, the roulette wheel is spinning and all we can do now is wait and see where the ball lands. My concern is that the project was misrepresented--the lawsuit should have been named as a project risk. That makes me question the honesty of the updates. I never had a problem with the ogre project, that I supported for significantly more money, because I trusted them. If they want the haters to leave, offer refunds based on the misrepresentation of the project. It would become a much more optimistic place. I find all the haters of this project really must have nothing better to do. I've backed a few kickstarters and stuff happens. If you don't want to risk the money, don't back it. If you want to have a risk free purchase, wait until the game comes out and buy the game from Amazon. It's insulting really that some of you "backers" continue to badger the people that are working their ass off to get this project to completion. Why would they continue to put their time in effort into something that was blatantly going to fail? All projects in life have risks and they are trying to manage it the best way they can. If Rik knowingly started this project with the idea that it would fail and he'd be taking advantage of over 2000 people, he has to live with it not us. Just let it play out knowing nothing is for certain and life, and hopefully they complete it in spite of the challenges and hatred from people that think they got screwed. Good luck guys...and yes I backed the project at the $125 level. @Brad ... Ready to nit-pick AFVs and IGs ! :) @everybody .... this is an incredible project and has undergone many many upgrades , from wording in the rules , to pics used on the Action Cards and even the distribution of varying terrain in the different Action Cards decks ... even the smallest nits get picked ... UF is getting the "Royal Treatment " a Grail game deserves ... :) People who rant don't uderstand how this game is big and how many cards and options it will have, it's a kickstarter project, not a normal one where you buy when it's ready so they should have patience and wait the right time for have the best game possibile. I am sure that many who complained or even asked for refund will be more than happy when they will receive this game and could even say "I was sure about it": it's in the human nature be so negative fast and change their mind after :). I trust in Rik and in this project @ Bradley Thanks for the update. @Bradley Thank you for the information. @James It will go to print when everything is ready. Looking at the list of things left to be done it seems like sticking a date on it would be unwise. When will it go to printer? Everything is sort of coming to a head at the same time. Personality Card Template: Done. Some nationalities layed out and proofed. Data files for all core and preexisting expansions done. Some new expansion nationalities still waiting. AFV template: One small edit left. Data file for all core nationalities and some expansions done. Some fringe vehicles waiting. Rik ordered more art for some additional vehicles. IG Template: Built off of final AFV template. 5 minute edit. Art is still coming in, I though it was done but some of these guns are quite obscure and finding references has been difficult. Weapon Template: 90% done. This is the farthest behind because it is the most difficult. right now heavy weapons will be one weapons be side and all others will have 2. Counters: Almost done. I did a complete rework. Off the top of my head I think the back of the transfer counter is left. The original seems sort of useless and have been trying to think of what is more useful info for the back. I am open to suggestions. Action Card Template: Done for all decks. Proofers proofing all decks. Rik ordered new art for a handful; of cards that the team felt was not up to standard. The artist is very quick. Rulebook(s): Almost done and ready for layout. Hats off to Todd because his efforts have been colossal. The reason it has not gone to print yet is because it is not ready. Rik pushed to have the base game and all original countries off to the printer already with the additional stuff in a second print run to follow. He was willing to accept that extra cost of 2 print runs and 2 shipments. The original artist for the Italians, Gerry Embleton, left us hanging. He begged us to do the Folgore as well, which we gave him. I have multiple emails form him saying "this week", "a few days", etc. Then we just get an email saying on 17 Jun 13: "Dear Brad, I'm very sorry to have to tell you that I cannot finish and deliver the Italian Infantry artwork. I really don't like to have to tell you so late in the day. For the last year or more we've been occupied with a museum in Taiwan, writing, doing research and making illustrations and instead of tailing off in the last weeks there is more and more to do as the museum opening approaches. This is good for us of course but it's played havoc with everything else. I have no idea how long this will last nor when I could finish them and I have no wish to cause you further delays and uncertainties. I'm sorry about this, thank you for your patience and kindness. Do please feel free to use my rough sketches if they can help in any way. Yours with sincere apologies, Gerry" However, four days before, 13 Jun: "Dear Brad, Coming along fine, sorry we've been so buried, yes I'd like the Folgore guide. In touch very soon, best regards, Gerry" So ya. We pushed for the print, but along with this situation with Gerry, things are just not ready to print. If it was just the core game and the original official expansions it would be done already and on it's way back from the printer. All the expansions turned this thing into a monster. The volume of art is huge, the massive scope of new nationalities, as well as making sure we integrate all the rule properly. New terrains, weapons, nationalities, abilities, vehicle types, etc. In the mean time we have made ton's of changes to make the game awesome. You will be receiving a product 10 times better than you would have if the schedule would have been met. I truly believe this because Isee all the great ideas and fault finding that has occurred. Rik has stated that he views this as a 'grail game' and has held the team to produce a high standard game. As a result we scrutinize every detail, which slows down production, but has produced awesome outcomes. @ David Amazon is no way liable. They simply act as taking the cash and sending it to the company. You can contact Amazon to get your money back, but they will ask if you have contacted the project creator first (i.e. Rik). Good luck with that. In addition, Amazon also has a return deadline. This has now past. So good chance they won't refund you anyways. All in all, if you have a credit card, I recommend you chase them up. Your bank may be able to claw back some of your funds if you are patient. Is amazon liable for these sorts of fiascoes? Certainly the make a warning to the effect they aren't. But Amazon collects the money (and must keep some of it) so I bet they are liable to some extent. I do want my money back. @Tom...You would think...this is just ridiculous....I only backed at the lowest entry($40)..So, am going to just ride the storm out. As, I am not about to go through a bunch of hoops just to get that back. Its just shitty that we have to go through all this crap. Really.... Requested refund via email to Rik Falch through the 'contact me' button. There are exhausting postings on BGG regarding the lawsuit. I can't keep up. It would go a long way to explain the most recent court orders and the next step - without personal spin. It would go a long way with the backers to highlight the remaining steps to the printer along with anticipated timelines. It would go a long way for someone to reassure the backers that they are not going to be screwed in this project. It would go a long way to explain possible refunds, as necessary. Please get engaged without impacting court orders. @Bradley Seriously, what is left to be done prior to printing? I just discovered this whole kerfuffle yesterday when I noticed how long it had been since the last update. Details on what is left to be done prior to printing would be reassuring. While, I'm use to delays with Kickstarters, I'm not use to their principals being sued. I think that most of those that aren't supporting the game anymore, just want their money back, but they are being denied by Rik. So, you can see their distaste for the project, because not only have they lost faith in it, they aren't being refunded their monies. That's just my opinion, but I could be wrong. If those that want to stay of the journey, then more power to you, but don't expect everyone to be blowing sunshine, just because you like it. How do I get my money back? @Nathaniel given that you can't possibly have the full details about the development of the game what makes you think that your "opinion" on this matter is anything other than wild speculation? Frankly if I wanted to read people post gossip and innuendo about this game I'd go to BGG. Why not take your doom and gloom back there? @Bradley ... it'd go much quicker if the proofers weren't so nit-picky , eh ? @Nathaniel. I think we all understand you are in the "it's never going to happen" camp. What I don't understand is why you're STILL here yelling at the moon about it. Please let those of us who are still interested in seeing it, and aren't in the same camp as you, appreciate what has and is still to come down the pipe. You're certainly not going to change my mind, and others (or myself) are certainly not going to change yours. So save yourself constantly typing negativity about something that you believe is never going to happen and let us continue to look forward to seeing this get completed. What items need to be completed to finish the game? All the art has been paid for and Rik just authorized 9 new pieces of art to bring it up to standard with the rest from Mark Poole. These will be paid for soon if not already. We don't have a print date because the game is not ready yet. I don't think you have the full picture Nathan. @Simone, all I have is a court document that clearly state the amount of funds on Radiant Gaming bank account and that this sum is now locked in garnishment by the court. Radiant cant sell anything because it´s whole inventory is locked by the Georgia Judgment. Funds were collected from it in may and paid to the creditor. Valley Games could have still some funds (from what as their stock is locked too... At the exact same place incidently, ie they are the same stock) but cant give money to Radiant without provint they are indeed the same company. Dude...Do you know how much all this stuff is going to cost in printing alone?? A shitload..lol And with all the legal fees an stuff from court...Plus, the "Phil" factor....Man, if this game gets done it will be a small miracle...that is for sure. @Nathan is just bringing up very valid points....Lets just see...hope to be proven wrong, but am starting to think this one aint going to make it in the end...:( Do you have proofs that the delay is related to the lack of funds? Do you have proofs that Rik & co. don't have enough money to finish up front? All you have is a court judgment and a delay (like many KS), all between is just speculations and lots of "IMHO", so you could think what you want (everyone are free), but it's just YOUR OPINION NOT THE REAL FACTS More work than when MMP reprint project crash down ? I am sorry but no amount of work is the garanty of something showing up. What could consist in a garanty would be : - Financial plan securing the production. - Firm printing reservation and date, paid. Currently all that happen is that some peoples worked for free on the rules, proofreading and coordonating the arts production (wouldn't it be the job for a project coordinator from Radiant than a freelancer BTW ? not like they have many other projects on the plate). And a small amount of the initial money were used to pay for half a dozen artist to paint several WWII soldiers. The game isn't currently more advanced than the home-made reprint you can order online or the fans made expansion. Only good news for a reprint is that the Texas Suprement Court denied the appeal from the relator so the balance now tip less heavily on the "Not going to get printed" than before. But it is still deep into "Not getting printed for lack of funds" area. And still no news about the glamorous, useless and costly extra that are the leatherbound book and the luggage. Until I actually read word on here from someone DIRECTLY attached to the project that it's not going to happen, I still trust that this project will be completed. There has been entirely too much work put towards this for it not to show up somehow. @Nathaniel, I'm not sure that is the proper interpretation. I haven't given up hope for this, but it is fading. It would be a shame if all the great artwork that has been done for this never sees the light of day. Crikey, the silence is deafening... I suppose that is the sound of an healthy project and a concerned publisher. Yeah. Sure was fun to dream for awhile, wasn't it? :-) I hear taps playing somewhere in the distance... He post on BGG because he is not the owner of the page and cant post them here, only Rik can. And Rik is not in a talky talky mood. @Bradley How about posting the update here BGG isn't the kick starter page. I only consider updates posted here to be guaranteed as part of the game. Also it would be good to put a checklist out that says here's the full list of components and what's done and left to be done. It would be simple to post a new update with items completed and some sample pictures as items are checked off. A 6 pak of Guiness ? Where does it need to be sent ? Flame tanks are fun !! Very short range , but , fun !! As Spock would say... 'Fascinating' It's fantastic what can be done on a graphical point of view, nowadays. New counter sample at BGG. <url>"everything is fine, there is no risk" message. Texas court action against Radiant started in February 2013. @John ... or Ogre .... :) Ok, with all this going on we get to see what KS project will take longer from start to finish: Up Front or Serpent's Tongue!!! :o) @john I am aware of all these threads and was actively engaged with them. My point is simple when did the lawsuit start and when did the kickstarter begin. I think from what I know the lawsuit started before, how long before has not been established as 'long before' the kickstarter unless you can point me to this information. Secondly it's fair for backers to ask if the KS printing will be impacted due to delays in RG getting the money from the court. In other words are funds available to print the game regardless of the court issues. If there is no answer we must assume the worst naturally. @Mark Mitchell, <url>"...currently financially impacting on the...." Silly ipad. To rephrase how long AFTER the court action started did the kickstarter begin?.... I too wish to know if the money being held by the court is currently financially on the printing schedule? At this stage I would guess it would until R&T say otherwise it is. @Andrew Dickerson if you are truly interested in what's going on, go onto BoardGameGeek, search Up Front... and find one of the huge mega-threads. You will find that the court cases against Valley Games started long before the kickstarter project. Furthermore, the court case has nothing to do with delays/kickstarter... it has to do with fraud. @Phil: Well, we can agree on that. I have very little interest in the court case. That falls squarely into the category of "not my problem". @Phil, You are a train late. There is no real question about the way the court case is affecting the production. It IS ! but it would be really appreciate if Rik officially admit just this point and apologize for this delay. Now the real answer/info we need from him is : What did he intent to do to have the game printed ? because right now he NEED to have a plan other than "wait for a few month/year for the court case to be solved and hope I win and that lawyer cost doesnt eat all that". Backers doesn't give him money to repay his debt, it is unfortunate that some part of it should serve for that purpose or not. More important we doesn't give him money so he can start a pro-tracted court battle that could last for months and be fueled by the KS money. IMNSHO he should have folded in court and declared Valley bankrupt month ago so this case will never have started. Now he tied our money to his court case, wich is not why it was given. So I want to know : - How did he intent to raise money to print Up Front. - How will he manage to protect the KS money from the huge lawyer fee that are keeping mounting and mounting as now there is case in Canada, Texas, Appeal court in Texas and Supreme Court in Texas. And if the answer of both question is : I cant, then I want him to admit it and stop this charade once and for all. it is time for him to stop running. @Gregory I'm a backer as well. I put in money just like many others here. I'd like to see the game created too. I just don't see how constantly hounding the designer to answer questions about whether or not the current court case is affecting the production of the game is helpful in getting the game created. @Dave where did you see the "Terrain" cards? Haven't seen any of those yet...;) @Andrew...You don't know the "Whole" picture on this one... posted too late...Scott got it...lol @ Andrew No one is taking Rik to court for kickstarter. Rather, someone else who Rik owes money to is taking him to court. I know the terrain cards are absolutely beautiful .... Yes, David, you hit the nail on the head. On top of that, I resent those who are calling out backers simply because they are concerned. Not the best policy to follow, in my opinion. I can't believe people are taking people to court for these Kickstarter projects. It says right up front that nothing is guaranteed. I have almost never had a project be delivered on time, but who cares? I just got a game that I funded like two years ago and it is awesome. He got sued too, which caused me to have to pay extra to get my game, but it was worth it. You people that are lawsuit happy are causing more problems then you are solving. The makers will have to pay a huge fine using our money (the money won't go back to funders, by the way). Then they will have to drop the project and we get nothing. It's idiotic. Very well put David. ;) @ Phil. I hear you and agree that in a typical business this kind of thing would not be expected. Unfortunately, Rik and company chose to fund this game with other people's money, so a comparison to regular business practices is out the window in my opinion. The decision to use kickstarter opens one up to the scrutiny of those whose money was used to make the game. That's the nature of things. Do a job of communicating and delivering and people will back your next effort. Do a poor job, and people won't. Still hope to get this game in my hands, but the experience has been less than satisfactory to date. Phil, people just want some comments from the actual "Leader" of this project...really don't understand whats so hard about making a few comments from time to time...You can use a damn smarphone, post a comment from anywhere for Christ sake..seeing as how much has gone on with this mess...a few comments would go a long way. Its not about who's side your on....Its about keeping people informed. PERIOD @Nathaniel YOU might be willing to accept what is said once. There are others I have serious doubts about. They demand full disclosure. Tell me ANY business that gives full disclosure about their money situation and step by step processes for producing material. And where did you see that they were "going to printer in two weeks"? I don't remember seeing that at all. I'm just curious where it was mentioned, as from what I saw of the other art updates and where they were on the rulebook, I think whoever said it was going to the printer in two weeks likely wasn't privy to the actual situation. Maybe I'm wrong and it was wildly optimistic expectations that it was going to print in 2 weeks by whoever said that, but I'm thinking it likely wasn't Rik or Bradley or someone DIRECTLY involved in the process. The June delivery date was a bold date, and even during the kickstarter most people commenting were certain it wouldn't be out in June. Then, before the expected date, they announced it would be likely in November, with the possible delay of maybe a month more. I haven't seen any other lying. As for the effect the judiciary trouble is having....of course it's having a direct effect! You think not having an extra 265k is no effect? You think having to put effort and focus towards a lawsuit is no effect? Those sorts of things have an effect, just like constant questions of "is it having an effect, yes or no?" on here do. I'm sure it's discouraging having people ask for refunds, or demand full explanations of things, or demand "promises" of the game being produced. I'm sure it's their full intention to get the game produced, otherwise they wouldn't keep working on it. Whether they'll actually be able to finish it...only time will tell. I sure hope so, but I don't think constantly asking them if they will and not taking anyone's word EXCEPT for potentially Rik's is rather ridiculous. Is Bradley's word not good enough? Are the updates of art and rules not good enough? I think if people just sat and considered a little what's going on (a lawsuit), and the money involved, 265k, they'll realize there is an effect. But I hope they'd also realize that all signs here from the people involved (who have posted here) is that they are doing all they can to get this game completed. Whether its on time or not, we can certainly hope it is, but I'm not going to lose sleep over whether or not I'll get it in November. @Phil Ok, they said they are working on it. But they also told us they were going to deliver it in June (even If evrybody know it was a lie), then they told us there were aiming to deliver in November, then they told us they were sending to the printer in two weeks.... It has been more than one month ago. It is time for them to be honest and square about where they really are into this project and more important what did they exactly do with the money we gave them and where it actually is. It is time for them to provide a solid and valid printing/delivery schedule even if the starting point is two months after the trial is settled and only If they won or after they start their next KS (really? ). I also think it is time for Rik to publicaly apologize and admit that contrarily to what he said the judiciary trouble is having a DIRECT, DEFINITIVE and FOREWARNED impact on his ability to deliver the game in time. I dont care for refund, even If I could use one, but I think it is time for them to be honest, told us what the real situation is and what their contengency plan is or is not in case they lose the trial or fail to have the money released, even If it is that it mean they wont be able to print without another input of money. I am going to accept anything he have to say that is relevant to the questions asked and based on fact and not wishfull hope. C'mon guys, are you all that think this project is dead going to accept ANYTHING Rik says? If he gets on here and says "Yes", you'll flood him with a bunch of other questions he likely won't be able to answer due to the ongoing court proceedings. If he says "No", there's a flood of people requesting their money back, money he obviously doesn't have because it would be tied up in the courts or tied up in paying the attorneys for the lawsuit. Some people here just like to spread negativity and ill feelings about this game. They are creating artwork. They are working on the rules. They are performing layout for the cards and rules. That all is PROGRESS on the game! Would you rather they stop progress on the game and come here and answer a bunch of questions cryptically because they can't directly discuss a pending case? Would you rather the answers to those questions put potential doubt into people's minds enough that they DEMAND refunds? Or would you rather they keep hammering away at this in the hopes they get it done with the limited funds they do have their disposal? Wouldn't you rather have the game completed? If people working on the project giving you updates and saying they're making continual progress on the game isn't enough allay your fears, then nothing said by Rik will satiate your questions. Give it a rest. If you want the game to be completed, put forth the positive spirit to go with the pledge you gave. Hope that court rules for the defendant and money goes back to Radiant Games. Or, barring that, hope that they can make the game with the limited funds they have left. If you don't want the game to be produced, what in the world are you doing here? Well said Gregory. @Bradley K.: Believe me, I'm not in the least mad at YOU personally. I have no doubt that you are investing your time in getting this game produced. My doubts, my lack of faith, lies in the fact that you have spent 3 nights working until 3am with Rik, yet RIK has not had one single moment to make an appearance and allay the fears that many of us feel. Just a small show of good faith goes a very, very long way - in fact your example is indicative of what I am saying. You have been saying all the things Rik should have been saying up to this point. Nathaniel asks the right questions; even a basic yes or no answer would ease many of our concerns. Just sayin......... Good... Now the crucial question you keep dodging: are you or aren't you able to pay for this game to be printed without the money currently held on court ? And the corrolary: Even If this money is released, have you enough money left to pay for all the rewards you have to provide ? I have been up till 3am for the last 3 nights redoing and laying out counters while online with Rik. We are working on the game. All the art is here and paid for including the extra illustrations I asked Rik for last week (paid for as well). At long last, I do believe I'm starting to lose hope. Radio silence, court decisions, and general inertia has finally got the best of me. "Well.....We're Waiting?!?!?!" ...bump... Yes, it would be nice to hear some comments from Rik...Its been awhile Ok, now that the money you need to print the game is once more securely on the court hand, because of a trial you didn't mention as a risk for the kickstarter and, to quote you, "isn't affecting Up Front production". Could you inform us on : - When will you send the game to the printer? - With the money we give you secured in the court of Texas for an undisclosed time (for ever being a real possibility), how do you intent to pay for the printing ? - No news from the bags, you never posted the recolored one you said you will... yup. New court documents available. Everyone trying to figure out what it actually means regarding our chances of getting this game.. Pretty quite around here....Everyone holding their breath or something?? lol You're very welcome ! Ahhh. Thank you! :-) Over on BGG <url>" @TODD BANNISTER Is it possible to have an update on the spreadsheet on BGG for the artwork. Last update was 4 July. Just a question. Why was the Chinese Communists and Nationalists added to the spreadsheet? Well done on the box cover art. Nice to see things are still moving ahead. @Mark Mitchell: I would call it both. The concerns are natural, granted. But it's hard to see how you can argue that some of the commentary over there hasn't been abuse as well. Hey! The box art looks fantastic! @Todd, understood. Can we get an update on when we should expect Up Front to ship to backers? Haven't heard anything about it in a long time. Rik has been on vacation with the family - give the guy a break. Correction - Radiant Games not Valley (although an easy mistake to make given the circumstances) Rik's lack of response is very disturbing. With the ongoing problems with the reputation of Rik and Valley Games as a whole, he should jump on the chance to communicate more. Well Rik.......you going to post it? Ok...So, Post it here then....;) Not a lot of bashing going on here....Just want to see the image. Come on Rik....Please? Todd, I wouldn't call it abuse I would call it very natural concern (and speculation) about the legal circumstances VG/Radiant find themselves in. I never did ask for a chargeback and so am in this for the long haul. After import tax and shipping fees it's not a tiny investment in this game, and with the various failed projects on KS lately there is indeed going to be some critical voices. I look forward to seeing this game come to fruition but the gushing of fandom has been somewhat dampened understandably. Until its in my hands I still view this as my riskiest KS pledge so far as do many others, but it is also an amazing opportunity to own what could turn out to be a fantastic edition of Up Front. We will know soon enough. this isn't the artwork ? [img]<url>"Old" Up Front on Vassal?? Give me a howler...;) Considering the amount of work already done, as seen in the updates, I'm well past the 'the game will never be published anymore' feeling. Just wait and see, it's gonna be a blast! I am curious: the people who want a refund: is it just for the delay or whatelse? We all know the problems, but the things are going, slowly, but going on, so what's your problem? If you think upfront will be out you have just to wait, if you don't trust in upfront anymore it's another story so crying like a baby doesn't help in any way. He posted the same thing on the AIYP Well stated Todd. -Ski @John - "But I cannot see a real progress in the development of this game". Are you being serious? The posted 126 page LE rulebook that took 9 months or so to write isn't progress? The endless supply of completed artwork that has posted isn't progress? The revamping of the card layouts based upon customer feedback isn't progress? In my opinion, these are not just "one or two small updates" - these are major milestones. As far as the estimated release date - see update #76. Getting one or two small updates is nice, but I cannot see a real progress in the development of this game. I would like some concrete estimate on release. Thinking of going after a refund Good work on the rules! :) Will we have the final one with images and the tutorials before the game? Thank you @Fabian - see update #76 Since the original delivery estimate of June 2013 is clearly not happening, would it be possible to get an updated ETA? It'd be much appreciated, looking forward to it! :) Hi Phil, glad Todd got back to you ... I'm not on vacation ... I wish ! We just moved from N Il to the Charlote , NC area and have been without the interenet for 10 days ... Sorry Phil for just getting back to you - recently, I come over to these pages less and less. Its not due to lack of interest, its because I am beyond busy (like the rest of the team) with the LE rules, the terrain decks, etc. Every waking free moment is being sunk into the game - so no, we are definitely not on vacation. :-) I currently have 36 proofreaders pouring over the LE rules - but send me another email and I'll add you to the list. I can always use another set of eyes on the project. Take care TB Has everyone affiliated with this project (specifically the rules aspect) gone on vacation? I've yet to receive even a 'sorry, we don't need any more' response for proofreading, nor have I received a response to any of my posts in the update that mentioned the need. @len. Thanks, it worked! The art is wonderfull!! @Marc - For the AFV art, try saving the file as PDF and then open in Acrobat. (i.e. don't open it directly in your browser) I too can't see the AFV artwork, just two of the images. I get this error message: Message: JPEG error: unknown JPEG marker ffc1 Amazing updates!!! I found the tutorial very useful, will it be extended with other rules? TY !! :) Art opened fine for me .... @Marc ... you used up your super powers asking for the updates ... nice try , though ! Too bad... and I thought I had the superpower of persuasion... Only the 9th, but I will try again. Whatever, I'd like to see a finalized AFV card. How the AFV will be displayed, the infos, colours, etc. La totale, quoi! I asked updates, and we obtained many of them. I asked AFV art, and we obtained AFV art. Now, I ask for my game to be delivered tomorrow!!!!! BTW, when opening the AFV art file, only one tank (seemingly a crusader with a big gun on page 9) appeared out of 59 pages. All other pages were full of errors. With the artwork so far released, Up Front promises to be one hell of a gorgeous game! I am really excited about having this thing on the table! -Ski What about a date for the "near final" rules? I'd like to start reading and study them before the game will come and I'd like to have it in a near end state (with images and so on) Thank you! I'd be interested to have a look at a sample AFV and IG card, please. Busy and quiet is good .... Been busy with lay out. bit quiet? Thanks for the quick reply Rik. I can't remember if it has been posted or not, but does anybody know which artist is doing the box cover and rules? Yes ,the amount of work going into this is astounding .... USMC art seems really good, I am so excited to see how good the cards with those arts in :) Good Job Rik and all, keep the things going :D Almost two weeks since the last update. No more news? Lol @Andre LET SLIP TH CHARGEBACKS OF WAR!!!!! i may have to get an Ipad cover using the UpFront logo ... <url>ème Compagnie, au Rapport!!! I particularly appreciate the faces, very expressive, none the same. As usual, the art is gorgeous. @Nathaniel: I understand what taxburdett said. I'd like, as everybody here, to receive the game. But if that's not what will happen, not having the game will be much more unpleasant to me than losing what I invested for that project. If I had more important project for that money, I wouldn't have use it for the game. And as we say in France (more or less), losing (a bit of) money is not lethal. @taxburdett, If you have money you can afford to lose, then you have far too much money. Please send some, especially in the 150 $ range you wont seem to miss... Very nice !! Moving right along .... Franc 1940 Final Art <url>#12362788 If you please, just keep us informed (with a link). It should be enough for me. I am doing updates over at BGG and I do not have admin rights here. Ill email Rim and ask him to post some stuff here. Hmm, I should have said 'I'd like to add...' I'd like to ask that Rik already told us that he intented to print and send the game without any problem. So, AFAIK, we will receive the game. And if he fails to do that, no amount of garantee will really garanty you that we will receive the game. Now, coming back with important questions, I'd like to know why BGG alone receive the updates...;-) We will, or we won't, receive the games offered as pledge rewards. Why do you think any of this posturing makes a difference? Obviously, I would prefer to receive the game, but if I don't it is not the end of the world. If you pledged money that you can't afford to lose, you COMPLETELY failed to understand what the purpose and risks of Kickstarter are. While I'd love to be proved wrong I think the legal wranglings serve to tie Rik's hands on what he can and cannot say. If he were to answer in a public forum that the project is guaranteed to proceed even without access to the $260k then the opposing lawyers could use that to show that there is no detrimental effect to that cash staying locked down, reducing the chances of it being released. That leaves two kinds of answers open to him: 1 - The project hangs on the release of these funds. If we lose the case your money is gone. Please stick with us though. (Logic - Risk masses of refund requests - possibly crippling the project regardless of the outcome of the case) 2 - We're still intending to deliver. (Logic - It's vague and unsatisfying but it sounds generally positive and that's probably good enough for most backers) So the project may be on the precipice or it could be completely assured, most likely it's somewhere between these two stalls. Whatever the real situation I'll not be holding my breath for a more detailed explanation until the case is heard or dismissed. @Phil, @Rik Agree with the Brian's. Firstly these justified questions deserve an answer, which I hardly think would damage the schedule. It would however completely destroy confidence if these valid legal references are not addressed and if people started en mass to pull the plug on their pledge adding vastly more time to manage the situation which would seriously damage the project. Rik I would also like to know what 'intend' means? I would prefer the word 'guarantee', 'intend' is not filling me with confidence. Can you 'guarantee' you have the funds to proceed with printing? I've committed cash to this project can you please commit and 'guarantee' you have the cash to print the game? Then explain why in your legal statement you say otherwise? Thanks Mark @Phil - How do you know that 60K is enough for everything you say it is? What makes you think that the original 30K was meant to cover 2400 pledges? and that 30K was assuming no stretch goals. If backers (especially those of us who watched two AIYP deadlines come and go with barely any acknowledgement) want some answers, who are you to tell us we can't ask? Do you honestly think that answering posts here will disrupt a closely-adhered-to schedule Phil, you need to run your numbers again. That 30k target was for a much smaller number of games printed, there are over 2,400 backers now and they all need to receive the game, most with stretch goals. That will increase printing costs substantially. And somewhere between 9-10 percent of that 340k that they raised has already gone to Kickstarter and Amazon Payments. And I'm not even going to speculate on legal fees... Nonsense, no questions have been answered over and over. In fact, questions have only been dodged. I asked two very specific questions, neither of which were addressed in any meaningful way. Bradley, we all appreciate your hard work, and I have not asked for your comment. My questions were directed to the project creator Rik. Please do not waste your time responding, everyone would prefer that you continue to create art. Rik, people intend to do things all the time, but without the means to follow them through those intentions do not mean much. You stated very specifically in past emails to Amazon and backers that the litigation in Texas would have no effect on the production and timely delivery of Up Front. Again - NO EFFECT. I am asking if you would like to revise that statement, and if not, give us concrete reasons why you think we should have faith in your intentions. This is a quote from your lawyer when asking for an expedited hearing regarding the $260k deposited with the court. "Relator has a product launch due in June, 2013 and being denied access to the funds exposes Relator to potential delays and liability to over 2,000 prepaying customers expecting to receive a completed product in June, 2013." So which is it Rik? Please stop dodging questions and be honest with the backers of this project. Thanks Phil. I love working on Up Front. This project is alot of fun for me and I would rather spend my time battling with the team about something like getting the perfect personality card layout or managing the artists getting images faster, more accurate, more dynamic and asking Rik for approval of special jobs like a Commissar sleeve badge custom created for the rank insignia on the card. Well, back to Up Front work. I swear, some of you guys just like to complain. Would you rather that the team, and Rik, stop ALL work on the game and devote their entire time to answering your questions over and over and over again? Or would you rather them work on the material and get it done? Also, let's look at the dollar amounts here, shall we? They wanted 30,000 dollars to get the game up and running and printed. 30k. They got 339,000 and a bit! Even if they had 265K held, that still leaves well more than the original 30K needed to print the game. In fact, it leaves them a bit more than DOUBLE the amount of money they needed for the project to be funded. So that's still plenty of funds to pay the artists, do the work, AND have it printed! So can we please have the people that just want to complain about their money just go complain on BGG where everyone seems to enjoy complaining about things? Until I hear that the project is dead, which I have no idea to think that it is, I will continue to look forward to getting the new Up Front game. Don't fall victim to the hype of all the people claiming it's dead when they have no clue. And please don't needlessly pester the people working on this asking for every little paranoid question to be answered in explicit detail. Let them do their work and GET THIS GAME finished! @Rik, what I would like to ear is not that you intent to procede. It is how you intent to proceed for printing and shipping both AiYP and UF with less than a third of the money you initially collected for the job ? How will you raise the money to pay the printer (up front) ? By launching another KS for the next DDD expansion ? love the Special service guys carrying Johnson LMGs .... great poses ... @ Brian What would you like to know? I will answer any questions I can as a team member and Art Director. Oops I forgot. I just got the late war Waffen SS sketches today. I posted more art over at BGG. I do not have admin rights here at Kickstarter and Rik is very busy right now with layout and managing the data entry for data files for various weapons, vehicles, terrain, etc. France 1940 First Special Service Force USMC Andre, what did you advise your CC about the reasons, timelines and issues? Yep contacted mine and now awaiting an answer! "Speaking of, there is now a default $265k judgment against Valley Games in Canada because Rik and partners did not bother to show up to contest." Time to contact my credit card... Speaking of, there is now a default $265k judgment against Valley Games in Canada because Rik and partners did not bother to show up to contest. Rik, I have two simple questions, neither of which require you to discuss the ongoing litigation at all: Do you still maintain that the litigation in Texas, including the $260k deposited with the court, will have no effect on the delivery of Up Front to backers? This is what you have stated to Amazon Payments and those of us who have asked for a refund. If you do, can you tell us if the company is properly capitalized to actually print all the copies of Up Front and Airborne in Your Pocket owed to backers without access to that $260,000? These are simple questions that do not require you to speak to any details of the court case, and many of us would like a response. Please Dave, enough is enough, we all appreciate the updates. Some of us would like to know a little more than what is going on with the art though. @Up Front Team ... i appreciate all the the updates on BGG , but , could we get the updates here , too/instead of , please ? I really don't like going to BGG with all the negative nancy's ... they don't appreciate the updates :) @Isaac Finished Gurkha photo posted May 3rd in the 'Gurkha Update' thread on BGG <url>#66 What Gurkhas update? Where do you see that? Updates look very encouraging. Like Dan R. I too am wondering if we could have an estimated delivery date. Great job updating the updates ... Really appreciate all of the updates. Any word on a new estimated delivery date? Gurkhas look great. They always remind me of Aussies in jungle greens. Hey, Got the Gurkha finals, Italian sketches, US Airborne Sketches. Personality card layout is starting soon. @Marc ADDA Putting out fire with gasoline. Great song from David Bowie. We have a saying here in the land of Oz (Australia) I wouldn't p...s on them if they were lying burning in the gutter, There is one poster on that forum that I swear would cut your throat if he had the chance. If you disagree with him watch out. I think you know which one I mean. He is completely obsessed or is that possessed. @willc63: Not even gasoline? @willc63 bwahaha :) Peter Martin 1 day ago "What I find stunning are the number of self-appointed legal experts that seem to be regulars on BGG. That will be good to know if I ever need legal help, right? ;-)" Dude...I wouldn't direct certain liquids in their direction if they were on fire. I know the messenger bag goal was reached but other than that, has there been any further info on how this monster game is going to be packaged/boxed? Somehow I doubt they're putting up ALL of the art for each nation. That way there's still surprises for people when they get the game. sorry, hit the enter key too early. ... currently displayed, and heavy weapons are absent. Are they done yet? I Wonder... the game proposes more personnalities than what is currently displ And Japanese just get coloured Yes, FSJ just dropped some minutes ago More art came in. I posted it over at BGG. This project is moving forward believe me, I am very busy. What I find stunning are the number of self-appointed legal experts that seem to be regulars on BGG. That will be good to know if I ever need legal help, right? ;-) @Shane -- as I understand it, the Texas court is still holding a large amount of money from Radiant. While there should be enough other money to pay the artists, I don't know that either AiYP or Up Front can be printed until those funds are released. @Shane: to me, it has been settled ages ago. Not only Rik posted twice reassuring us, but art from many artists is coming regularly. You can be fanatic again. So has there been a settlement and can we finally move on? I want to get back to being fanatically excited about this reprint instead of worried. @Terrence Bowlby. There was a post a few days ago about an update on Up Front. You can see the progress chart, updated on April 22, by going to: <url>#26) that they are looking at further expansion of the Up Front game in future Kickstarters. Hi All, I saw the update on the Australians' artwork; very crisp and of the standard that I'm getting used to from this project. Just a couple of points, my only credentials being an Australian exserviceman, is that the soldiers are all done out in desert kit, no PTO. The iconic slouch hat was not usually worn on active service in the desert - the helmet was. In the PTO, the felt slouch hat was found to be 'heavy' and uncomfortable and did not stand up to tropical conditions - a smaller cloth version was preferred if it could be procured. In addition, the brim was typically worn flat i.e. not hooked up to the crown, with the rising sun badge left on, facing the ground, as it were. My last observation is that none of the soldiers carried the Owen submachine gun (Owen carbine). It was invented, I think, by a corporal or private of that name. It was the official submachine gun and was chambered to take 9mm ammo. it was found to be more rugged than both the sten and the Thompson (both nonetheless good weapons, particularly the latter) - even the Americans liked them. I hope this doesn't sound like too much of a whinge or downer on a project that really has got me excited. Very cool chart , even though I doubted the need for one ! Cool, Bradley created an army completion progress chart! Check it out here: <url>"Red X'd" all of the posts not dealing with the game on those couple threads .... The updates are fantastic. The new threads on BGG by Todd and Brad have been great. People are talking about the game again and its good to see the BGG Moderator helping to keep the "other" discussion in its separate thread. The reason I backed Up Front was for what was going to be done for it. There is a long way to go but we can now see it moving forward. My optimism has returned. As well you don't get attacked for posting in Todd's and Brad's threads by the trolls when discussing the game mechanics or the artwork. This is how it should of been from day one. Impressive how fast updates are coming. The overall art is excellent! Well said , willc63 ! Has there ever been any update on D-Day Dice? @A Hayford: Yep Andrew I've given up trying to read all of the "expert" speculation over there-just a bunch of people guessing they know what's happening and putting forth their opinions on what will ultimately happen. To those naysayers I say good riddance, pursue your refund or whatever. I'm staying here for the long haul, if I end up with nothing, it's not the end of the world...However I have faith in this project, the reason why I pledged in the first place. I really don't want to get into it here. There are links to boardgamegeek if you wish to read up on it. @ Andrew Hayford Then I apologise for the wrong info and thank you for the correction. I was under the impression that it was only the legal action launched in Texas that involved Radiant and that didn't start until 21st Feb. What other case is/was Radiant involved in? Thank you Mr. Falch for the last updates. Considering your problems and those of Mr. Volstad you are sure in a lot of stress. As for me I have trust in your team and in your desire to see the game produced. So I can wait and I will not retire my support. Instead I can tell you that if in the face of a bleeding of funds caused by refund requests you find yourself strechted thin I have no problem in seeing some stretch goals removed. I do not desire the ruin of no one and for sure not of a fellow gamer (even an unknown one! :-) ), so good work and good luck! @Andrew You would be incorrect. Are the Aussies going to be kitted out 'Rats of Tobruk' style, for the jungle of New Guinea, or will the cards contain a mixture of both? Cheers, Phil I think I'm correct in saying that Radiant was not the subject of any legal action until after the end of the kickstarter campaign. @Isaac Kickstarter calls it "risks and challenges". Posted September 20, 2012 at <url>"Creators must talk about “Risks and Challenges” "Today we added a new section to the project page called "Risks and Challenges." All project creators are now required to answer the following question when creating their project: “What are the risks and challenges this project faces, and what qualifies you to overcome them?” "We added the "Risks and Challenges" section to reinforce that creators' projects are in development. Before backing a project, people can judge both the creator's ability to complete their project as promised and whether they feel the creator is being open and honest about the risks and challenges they face. "The new section will appear below the project description of projects that launch starting today." As I recall, Radiant listed no risks or challenges, despite the lawsuits. Correct me of I'm wrong, please. @Lee What "kickstarter liabilities 'disclosure' page"? I don't see a link. In light of new information about your court cases, I requested a refund yesterday. Since then there have been three updates about the rules, but I received no reply regarding my request. Not even a "No" from Radiant. How about refunds for those of us who should have learned of your liabilities from your (blank) Kickstarter liabilities "disclosure" page? And I have a question for Kickstarter. Isn't having a liability disclosure page a form of fraud, if you believed in advance that it appears like disclosure pages that actually are backed by laws requiring disclosure? @Teamski - Thank you for the link to that thread. I, for one, am not going to freak out over this. When you sign up for KS and pledge you are assuming some risk. I actually believe that it will be delivered at some point, but ultimately it was my choice to invest in this product. Therefore, if I am S.O.L. it just means that I made one poor investment. However, I really do not believe that will end up being the case. Just my 2 cents. Todd Bannister posted a great Designer's Perspective on BGG. Definitely worth the read. <url>"....before the Courts" Guys Rik has obviously been advised by legal council to not say a word about the case while it is before the case. I personally am going to request a charge back from my CC company on July 1st( the day the project is officially late). It will be interesting to see what will happen when Amazon gets hit with possibly more than a $100,000 in charge backs. @ Rik, Quit skirting the issue! I light of what has happened in the courts recently, I think we need some assurance on this project as well as AIYP! It does not look good!!! It appears you are throwing artists in attempts to throw us off the scent. Will Up Front be produced? Will AIYP be produced? We understand you cannot talk about the details, but a statement like, "no matter what is happening with the law suit, please know that the projects you backed will be produced as promised!" Is it that hard, or quit messing around and lying to us and tell us we are all screwed! Getting sick of the silence! Hey Rik, how about some info on AIYP. It was funded 4 months prior to Up Front and is already overdue. No offense, but "streamlining" old rules invariably means "dumbing down." On the bright side, I think I could easily dump my game at no loss. @Rik, can you let me (us) know which are our German personality cards? @Rik - That is very sad that more than half-a-dozen professionnals graphic artists cant manage to produce the same amount of work than a single one in a related amount of time. I dont think the graphic production would be delayed overall, if anything it should be speeded with 6-8 times the starting number of artists working on several part of it at the same times. Rik, that's fair. I think more of us are concerned about the litigation, though. Can you still produce the game if you lose? Sweet ! I plan on reading the new rules updates ... and plugging on ... :) Does anyone have a crystal ball handy? Or, perhaps a Tarot deck? I would like to know in confidence how this will end. ;) I Plan on attempting to get a charge back from my CC company July 1st! tl:dr :P Oddball(Donald Sutherland): Why don't you knock it off with them negative waves? Why don't you dig how beautiful it is out here? Why don't you say something righteous and hopeful for a change? I'm not sure a bag update is going to stop the bleeding, Rik. Give us some assurance that Up Front isn't dead in the water, please. Personally I think that the courts will find in favor of the litigant. That means that he will get his money, interest and legal fees. Without Up Front and AYIP pledges the litigant would of had only a chance to recover some monies. So ultimately we ended up getting used. I don't think the litigant is going to stop until everything associated with Rik & Co is burned to the ground. I am sorry to say but the litigant will take it all. Does the litigant care anything for Up Front of AYIP? Most likely not. He will probably sell off any game licenses he ends up with that can be sold legally. Valley Games and Radiant will just become another footnote of failed game publishers who took down some of their customers as well. Would I back another reprint of Up Front, at this stage I would say no. Loosing nearly $300 is enough for me for now. Will I get over it. Yes in time like when I got ripped off on Ebay by an unscrupulous gamer for $500. I wasn't the only one in that case either. The real question here is what will this mean for Kickstarter in general. Like Ebay they will most likely have to evolve eventually. The law will catch up and provide some protections for crowd funding otherwise its too easy to use Kickstarter to obtain monies on a fraudulent basis. Sorry guys that this post is black but I'd rather express my sentiments here because at least I know the respondents here are in the same nightmare as I am as a backer. Why am I saddened by all this? I read the court case testimony and the litigants lawyer is definitely pushing this case into some very dangerous territory for Rik and Co far beyond the scope of Up Front and the litigants monetary claims so far. This is why I made that post here a while back over what happens when one party wins and maybe isn't satisfied enough with that victory. I pray that in the end that the litigant sees sense and ends it after this court case. To continue on any further just means that he becomes the offender then and where that leads I do not want to contemplate and would not want to be associated with in any way. Sorry to Rik and Co and the other backers for the post but when people are leaning towards wanting what I see as blood over in other forums over this I draw the line. It is only money. Personally to Rik and Co I am truly sorry for what you will now go through as the mailed fist hidden inside the velvet glove has been exposed by your plaintiff via his lawyer and for you its not going to be pleasant. From me personally I will not hold a grudge against you Rik and your associates because I believe in live and let live. For one brief shining moment you showed what was possible for the great game of Up Front. I have had the death of one gamer and business partner laid at my feet over money. I will not be party to nor condone that another should suffer the same fate no matter what they have done with my pledge or how they ran their business. For those BGG's that read this post that do not have an Up Front or AYIP pledge in this fight remember its only money and I do not subscribe to where some are wanting this to ultimately end up. If the Up Front and AYIP pledge money is lost to the litigant then so be it but I will not be associated with gamers who do not know when enough is enough and feel that it is OK to have the defendants completely butchered to satisfy their own sense of ... what sense, there is none in wanting that outcome. If other backers here disagree with some of what I have posted or all of it that is OK for I know you do not wish me harm in your replies just a difference of opinion. It ain't looking good for this project. Even if they somehow settle and this game still has enough funds to be produced do we really want a sketchy company producing Up Front? Well isn't that shiny! People never fail to disappoint. ;) Enjoy! <url>#11932433 *facepalm* Well, after reading Phil Sauer's court testimoney regarding the backdating of paperwork for VRE, it certainly looks like everything just went tits-up. Yikes. Never saw all that legal trouble before. This was my first Kickstarter, and I guess I'll have to do better research in the future.... it will, IF it gets released & its a big if Hi I was only able to afford the Pvt level at the time the project funded. However I really wanted the Japanese deck. I am sure this has been asked many times before but if you could humor me.. Will it be available for separate purchase and how soon after the initial release? Thanks Scott When did this project began, please? Rik, I have asked for a refund of my $40 pledge because I am no longer comfortable backing this project due to information that has come to light via the current litigation against Radiant Darkstar in Texas as well as prior judgements against Valley Games in the states of California and Pennsylvania. I will quote your response to my Amazon payments dispute (which I only opened after not receiving a response from you directly): Merchant Response – "In accordance with the terms of the Kickstarter project, the board game is still in production, and was never promised or intended to be completed and delivered at this time. The complaining parties are relying on unanticipated and unforeseeable litigation that has arisen in the State of Texas that involves Radiant Darkstar Productions, LLC. Radiant Darkstar Productions is steadily working to resolve that litigation. Moreover, the litigation has no impact on the viability of the board game in question or its production deadlines. Radiant Darkstar Productions, LLC fully intends to complete the project on time and deliver the requested product to all parties who made a pledge to Kickstarter.com. The complaining parties are not entitled to a refund at this time. Even if the unforeseeable litigation had not arisen, the board game that is the subject of the complaints would not be completed at this time, and the complaining party would not have received their product." It is a matter of public record that Radiant has deposited $260,000 with the court in Texas as a result of the litigation. Would you like to give backers more details on exactly why or how this will have no impact on the viability or production schedule of Up Front? Another "fan print" ? Those aren't the Artscows cards I have ... how many different fan prints are there ? Near the end of the video on that link is a short pan shot ... Ah Dave... there's nothing in that thread that's a sneak peak. The soldiers being used on the PC cards are from a fan print and not the ones for the new edition. It's possible the backs of the Action Deck is the finished design but we haven't been told that here. Sneak peak !! Woo Hoo !!! <url>#11726115 . If I see through the legalese, on March 11 Radiant transfered some $369,000 from an undisclosed account to its lawyer despite the various writs of garnishment. The filing quoted is asking for most of those funds to be put in escrow with the court until the Valley/Radiant connection can be adjudicated. Wow. . Rik -- once your legal team respond (on March 25), can you provide a summary of the defense Radiant has offered (or do we all need to start going to the Dallas County court website for our updates)? Not good whatsoever. -Ski Court case is getting crazier. Hidden bank accounts and funds being illegally transferred to Radiant's lawyer. <url>"dialog". As much as Rik may be wishing and pretending otherwise, he's part of this. Anyone else that wants an update is in the same position. @Matt I was able to pull up all of the docket numbers on the Dallas County, TX courthouse web site. The law suits and the writs of garnishment are very real. hsquid - "That's where we are" No, that is where U R ! I think I've made my point about the transparency I expect from the project. Rik's made his position clear by refusing it. That's where we are. hsquid: Yeah, you and I should just part ways on this discussion. We are clearly in disagreement, and I don't want to insult you. You stated in your latest comment that all you want to know is whether the project is moving ahead. I am stating that from the evidence in the updates, the fact that people are being hired as of last Saturday to work on the project, is evidence that the project is moving forward. And those are the kinds of updates I see in the other projects I have backed, and that kind of information keeps me happy. I truly think that you want legal updates from Rik. You have basically stated that all his other updates aren't good enough for you. That's where we part ways. It's okay. People are different. I share the exact same concerns as you do. I just have not historically seen anything positive coming out of fans posting legal questions in board game / kickstarter forums. Just look at the gigantic heated debate it has caused on the geek and here. When I "google" Valley Games lawsuit, and the only search results I get are from a board game internet community, I am very skeptical of any of the information. I can promise you that this issue won't be solved here or on BGG, but you have every right to keep thinking it will. So I promise not to comment anymore the next time you ask legal questions. And I apologize for having a different perspective from you. Matt: I realise your "misunderstanding" is deliberate - ironic from someone so quick to label others as trolls - but to correct you anyway: I'm not asking for the latest pictures. I'm not asking for legal details. I would like a response from the project responsible about whether the project is going ahead. Somehow you consider this unreasonable. hsquid: Allow me to apologize. I thought you were wanting legal updates from Rik. I didn't know you just wanted project updates. I can actually help you there. At the top of this page there is an Updates link, which will take you to an updates section. I also believe that all backers receive these updates through email. I got 2 or 3 just last Saturday. Sounds like the project is moving along. They have all the verbiage for the rulebook, and they also hired two new artists. I'm getting pretty excited about it. Hey Craig W, Good on you mate...keeping your chin up and ours is a great bolster. All the best, Phil Matt, I'm not asking for confidential legal information or doing any kind of legal speculation. I'm asking for fundamental project information. Why is this so hard to understand?: Rik, is there a risk to the project or do you continue to stand behind it, despite the cases that are going on? @ Matt Apology most humbly accepted. I know I am posting when I said I wouldn't. My case was in Australia. Luckily it was not aired on BGG. However, one of my partners committed suicide and thats what started the secured creditors to start their harrasment. I later worked out that my partner had siphoned at least $80K out of the business. Our company was not trading insolvent and all debts to secured creditors had been met to date. But gamers talk and at trade shows I was questioned by my suppliers over my partners suicide. The ruling by our Coroners Court said that the death was not caused by anyone else. The suicide had nothing to do with the business but gamers made a connection especially those who had support for my local competitors and an axe to grind over our approach to having a games club assocoiated wih the company which was duly registered and passed by council. Eventually it just overwhelmed me and some suppliers stopped supplying me due to the rumours. I closed the business paid out the suppliers but that left no money to pay back myself or my partners. My suppliers not satisfied went further and wanted to have my partners sue me. Upon legal advice and my own personal mounting debt as I had to find the $80K to put back in the business I was advisd to declare bankruptcy. To answer your second question every games convention I went to I had to explain my partners suicide to stop attacks against myself and ultimately my wife and my young sons. For ten years I stayed away from the hobby I loved so much because of it. Some have apologised for their actions now and said they were just caught up in the moment. This is the first time I have spoken about that ordeal in public since then. I lost my best friend my business and a lot of credability I had worked so hard to build. Nowadays I can attend games conventions but you know I still keep an eye over my shoulder. I guess all I am trying to say here is that I never set out to fail and I don't think Rik and associates did either but economic reality caught up and they like me now realise that not everything you make sells and money gets lost even loans to businesses secured or otherwise. Its what happens during that process and afterwards that matters. I don't want Rik and Torben to end up like me. So I would say to Rik as much as we are your backers do not voice anything in the public forums until you are ready. As painful as that may be to us backers of Up Front. Learn from my mistake. Also when you resolve the issues before you make sure that resolution is permanent so a large Full Stop can be put on this. I again apologise for what I have just offloaded here. I am still with you guys till the resolution of this. If my money helps Rik out than at least some good will come out of this. @Matt. Lol. Your right about the minus modifier. :) Craig: No need to apologize to me. Please let me apologize to you, if I offended you. I would like to ask you a question since you had a similar experience to Rik's. Was your case publicly aired over BGG? And if it was, would you have felt compelled (or legally advised) to adrress all the speculation and concerns? I guess that's two questions. At any rate, my intent was never to insult anyone. We all backed this seemingly cursed game, and I just want to get my hands on it. Apology accepted Matt. Thanks. Yani: I'm sorry I 'almost' insulted you. Serge: Fair enough. Although in many games a -1 modifier is good. Hsquid: Take a breath. I'm not telling you who to listen to. I'm just stating that we don't agree on internet lawyering. If you want to continue splattering legal questions at Rik that we all know will go unanswered, and then take his silence as damning evidence, well you have that right. Can't I disagree? Everyone: I do apologize for lumping all posts about the legal concerns into the category of Troll. That was a harsh statement. I will note that in my opinion bringing this stuff up in a public internet forum is not helping anything, but only encouraging the real trolls to have their heyday. But do what you must, we all have different opinions. @ Matt Sorry Matt I will not post again as you seem to think I am asking Rik to espouse all the behind the scenes legal wrangling. Let me say this I have not asked Rik to do that but you seem to think it is OK to place that tag on me. My posts have never said that. I have noticed and this is just my observation that whenever I have posted whether the post was good or bad in wording you have always posted in response some very blunt comments. I am truly sorry I don't post up to your standards. But do not assume the person on the other end is irrudite. Just to inform you I have already been through the same situation as what Rilk is going through with Phil. I had to close down my games company, Atlantis Gaming Pty Ltd and repaid all the secured creditors. The unsecured creditors like myself lost out. It wasn't enough for the secured creditors they wanted more and convinced some of my ex partners to pusue futher litigation. In the end I had to declare bankruptcy to put an end to it. You can check with Peter Schutze of Schutzes Games to confrim my story. He was the one ex partner that stood by me. I paid a heavy price for trying to do something positive in gaming. So Matt I do understand what is happening to Rik. I apologise to all other backers especially Ski and Hsquid for this post but I just wanted Matt to understand I am not the enemy here if there is even an enemy in all this. Good people please do not construe what happened to me as to what will happen in this case for Up Front and Rik. I truly do want to see a positive ending to this for the backers and for Rik. I would not wish the mental stress and financial pain I have suffered for the past ten years on anyone just because I wanted to produce and sell boardgames. I will now confine myself to reading only both here and on BGG. Thankyou all for being so understanding in this. Hopefully Rik will have some more game updates soon about the artwork for Up Front. Goodbye and good luck. @Matt. -1 Matt, please stop telling us who to listen to and who not to. It's not about the people, it's about the issue. Throwing labels around and creating distractions is not helpful Now where were we.... oh yeah: Rik, please tell us if there is a legal risk to the project, or if you are committed and able to follow it through regardless of the results of the legal cases. @Matt Logan I posted also on Geek, expressing my concerns, and I find almost insulting your remarks that a) those who posted there are 'all trolls', and b) that 'shame' on us who 'feel somehow slighted' since the legal issues were aired in this thread. On the latter, I am shocked at how you argue around the obvious: that Rik should have either disclosed the risks in the front page of the project (he did assure us about game quality after all!), or suspended the process until any possible legal risks have subsided. I sincerely hope the game will reach us at the end, and that all turns well for Rik too. I, however, do not share any sympathy for people that seemingly act as crowd appeasers. The situation is as is, and we have every right to complain about the silence and non-disclosure, whether this has been legally advised or not. That's what my pledged $160 have written on them. Charles, I really don't find the information that interrsting. I care whether or not the game gets produced. I strongly believe that all the legal issues being publicly aired will not help. But we are all different. Some people enjoy internet lawyering. I don't. I haven't been on BGG in awhile, but I can tell you I would automatically dismiss any post written by users like Packrat and Ward. Just to name 2. I am sure they are great guys otherwise. @Matt -- HoN was a game I was looking forward to in a big way until I was stunned by the sticker shock. Way too much for what you get, especially with shipping to the states. I pledged on War Stories instead. More affordable, flexible and perfect for my 1:285 scale miniatures. But I digress..... -Ski Matt, who are the guys continually posting any dirt they can find? I'm the guy who started the legal warnings about Up Front during the Kickstarter. The thread that was eventually burried in the Radiant game forums on BGG so no one could find it. I'm here because I want this game badly enough to risk it. I'm also of the belief that Phil Sauer deserves any money that was owed to him and hope he sees it. If it costs us Up Front, so be it. Many people backed this game after seeing the warnings I posted so they knew the risk. I feel horrible for those people who backed this game without knowing the true risks and believe Rik should have mentioned the Valley games lawsuits in the risks section of the Kickstarter. I also believe Rik should have delayed this Kickstarter until the litigation was more solidified and it was a huge mistake to try and push this through and leave the backers in the dark as to the future of the game. Jonathan Harrison, the guy who started the most recent huge thread on BGG, is a good guy and is not interested in seeing Up Front fail. I agree with Ski and am a very glad he posted that news to bring it to light. I believe backers deserve to be made aware of this information (which is public). Do you not find this information important? By the way, have you guys seen this project: <url>"I am confident I know the guys that are posting over there, and not a single one of them backed this game or has an interest in it. They are all trolls whose sole purpose is to cause angst for us backers." Matt draws a red 6 on his reality check. @Matt -- I disagree with your assessment of BGG as a site of trolls. You will see that I am one of the posters in the threads about Up Front. Sure, there are trolls and I have called them out, however, the threads contain some very relevant information that would have not otherwise been disseminated. I think the world of BGG and yet I am a huge backer of this project. Pledgers have the right to be informed. The vast majority of those who backed Up Front are probably still unaware of underlying issues. I hope, like all pledgers, to see Up Front released to a new generation of gamers. -Ski Daniel, I plan to sleeve what I know I will play. I doubt I will sleeve the thousands of cards all at once. Yikes! I seriously take back everything I said about sleeves for cards, when my base and full copies of Up Front come in the mail, I am keeping them in top condition so my future children can play. :D Hsquid and Craig, I share the exact same concerns that you do, believe me. I guess the point I am trying to make is I am all but 100% sure Rik is never going to post an update or a comment on this subject. And I don't believe his silence is a slight to backers, it's what he was advised to do. In other words, what if he was told that the best way to ensure that Up Front and AIYP get produced and shipped is to keep a closed lip? If you were him, would you stay quiet and increase the chances of your product shipping, or appease all your fans and increase the risk of losing it all? I am glad I gave up the Geek for Lent. I am confident I know the guys that are posting over there, and not a single one of them backed this game or has an interest in it. They are all trolls whose sole purpose is to cause angst for us backers. I have already begun drafting the thread I am going to post on the Geek when my copy of Up Front arrives in the mail. @Matt, nobody is claiming they didn't know, we're saying Rik hasn't been transparent and that that continues. The comments page doesn't replace official updates and it certainly doesn't absolve Rik of his obligation to be honest about risks. @ Matt I don't feel any bit slighted by Rik and as you say people did have the opportunity not to back or pull out based on information available before the end of the Kickstarter. I stayed because Rik had produced DDay Dice so to me I believed and still do believe that AyiP and Up Front can be produced. There's my positive position. Ive spent the money to play at the craps table so may as well roll the dice. C'mon 7 The concerns are certainly well founded. However, I can guarantee that Rik is not going to comment on the legal stuff per the advice of his legal council, so don't take it personally. The legal "stuff" was well aired in THIS comments section well before the Kickstarter ended. We all knew then, so shame on anyone now who feels somehow slighted. Like I said, I am staying positive. @Jacob Cassens: Jacob if the people posting here are vultures then why would they have backed the project in the first place? Please don't read this a personal attack as it isn't. Its more of a retorical question. Expressing concerns is only natural when you read what is being put forward on BGG. Only backers can post here which I know you know that. I am certain that most of us who backed the project would really prefer to get the product. I am not picking over anyones carcass "vulture reference". I can't shop at Walmart as they aren't here in Australia. Not sure I would if they were. I might take a look. The worst thing I am seeing is some backers choosing to disagree thats all. Truth is I am scared that the bottom will fall out that is why I posted peviously to keep your chins up. It was for me as well. It is really unfortunate that 2407 of us are caught at the moment in no mans land. Can't see forward, can't go back. I have had to close a gaming business and its a sad day when you do, nobody really wins even if the creditors get paid because there is one less business to deal with and one less business to buy from. Nobody sets out to fail, I know I didn't, and I am not saying failure has raised its ugly head yet. Whatever happens later this month all parties involved in this who owes what to whom will all walk away feeling they have lost. Worst of all I will feel, to be honest bitter, because I wanted something to happen that I though was genuinely beneficial to gamers, a reprint of Up Front. For the selfish reason of I would like my son who is 14 to get to play a remade version of Up Front I backed this project knowing what had been stated on BGG. Regret is a rotten emotion as there is nothing that can change it in the short term. Longer term memories fade and we say do you remember when and only think of the good things that did happen. To end my diatribe I do not regret having met some fellow Up Front supporters and seen some great comments. I liked what Rik and his team were/are doing with the game and thought the finished product would be truly a functional work of art, great game great visuals. I truly still wish for this to happen but sometimes wishing just isn't enough. Personally if I had to back the project again I would still go ahead. Nothing ventured, nothing gained. Sorry to all especially Jacob for this over lengthy response. I tell you the waiting is the hardest part. @Kyle. +1 Also agree 100% @ hsquid. +1 100% I like all the "yeah I understand he can't legally say anything, but he should anyway" crap I keep reading here and on BGG... I bet most of you shop at Wal Mart or another big name store that has had legal disputes that affected many more people than this, and yet the vultures descend here because it is a small forum. It is really pathetic to watch. Well put @hsquid. Bottom line, our money is at stake as well as the project. We should be in the know (on a regular basis) as much as the law allows at this point in time. I personally will not be silent during this if my cash invested in this and AIYP is at risk to be used to pay their debts to whatever legal issues they are having. This is not a risk that is under acceptable terms to agreeing to back projects. Rik is not talking because he is being legally advised not to. I think that's sound advice. I contacted him by email with my concerns way back at the end of last year, and he responded with reassurance almost immediately. I actually gave up BoardGameGeek for Lent (it's been tough!), so I haven't read up on the recent flak. Just remember there are a group of Trolls over there who just want to see this project not succeed, for whatever reason. I bet, without even looking, I can name off a few of the people posting in those threads. I for one, am staying positive. Well said. @hsquid. I have roughly $200 tied up in both UF and AiYP, which I understand is small change compared to what some people have put in. Sadly, both of these games were my first foray into KS, which doesn't encourage me to want to back other projects. Over at the AiYP page, we hadn't gotten a real update since the Fall. Rik did comment on the recent "apology post", in which he offered a poster a refund. So, in response to Phillip, it seems like these comment threads may be the best way to seek a refund. At least those asking for their money back will have record that they've done so, should refunds be rewarded. And, from anecdotal reports, Rik isn't responding to emails. While I understand that there may be legal restrictions on what can and can't be made public, it seems to me that some kind of comment should be made in response to the future of both of these titles. That's both considerate and good business practice. I was being kind. No Philip, a jerk is defined as "A foolish, rude, or contemptible person". The definition you quote is used for something else. <url>"angst" or "nay-saying", this is about simple questions for the project. 2) BGG is not the place for questions about the project - we've seen that Rik doesn't answer there. 3) I personally don't care about the money, I care about being lied to and treated with disdain. 4) I don't want to receive Up Front because Rik manages to avoid his legal obligations. I want a successful project in which Rik fulfills all his responsibilities. 5) I'm not calling for my money back or saying I didn't know what I was getting into. I'm saying that right now, until we get the answers I'm looking for, it seems we've been lied to to about the risks to the project. 6) I find the policy of silence insulting. I don't think it is acceptable to stay silent in the face of so much doubt and concern by backers. 7) I find the policy of silence damning because I can't understand why anyone would stay silent if they had anything meaningful to say in their favour. For example, a simple "We will deliver no matter what happens in that case" would be very reassuring. That's it's not said (almost) means it's not true. Which means we were lied to about the risks. 8) This is not "negativity". By asking questions you get closer to the truth. Only with a clear grip on reality can projects be successful. This is a good thing. I refer to KS rules which use the word "jerk". From Free Dictionary, a jerk is "an immediate unthinking emotional reaction produced by an event or statement to which the reacting person is highly sensitive; - in persons with strong feelings on a topic, it may be very predictable." Yes, I agree that backers may like Up Front so much that they feel compelled to post here, however some recent posts refer to the project team in terms of "mismanagement","damning" or "insulting" - these posts are not respectful or considerate. I see no evidence to support these views and do not appreciate the overreaction and negativity. The BGG Up Front forum is currently the place for angst and ego. Public calls here along the lines of 'I want my money back' or 'I didn't know what I was getting into' are an embarrassment to the poster and other backers. Like the majority here, I wish the team well. Oh, and if some feel I am being too 'personal' one can only imagine what you will do with my Up Front named card ;-) @ hsquid I agree. A "please be patient as we work through this..." would go a long way to at least acknowledge that there is a problem. Robert Voisin wrote: "Let's hope the time for backing the Kickstarter has not come" Looking at the numbers for Machine of Death which is a party card game, that time ain't happening any time soon. It's got approx 3 times the amount of backers and has raised more money than UF and it still has about a week to go! (<url>"serious". This is not at all what I meant but unfortunately there is no way to edit the comments. Best wishes to Ron and lets hope his treatment goes well. I am just trying to stay optimistic. @hsquid I suggest you vent on BGG. Kickstarter rules... "If you don't like a project, don't back it. No need to be a jerk." i am still trying to get word on how i can get upgraded from CPL to MSG due to some email communication from the wrong account the upgrade did not happen. Please help me get upgraded to MSG. I wonder if there are any updates regarding the plans for an additional campaign mentioned in Update #26? Seriously? A couple of "rah-rah" updates ignoring the serious issues and it "seems like the game is full speed ahead"? I don't expect Rik to talk about the legal details of a pending court case. I understand if he wants to keep quiet about his tactics for running away from his debts. But I certainly do want him to tell us whether the viability of this kickstarter depends on him winning the pending court case(). His continued silence is both damning and insulting. I'm not going to ask for a refund at all, seems like the game is full steam ahead. What awesome art to see after work. Go Rik yay. Seeing the new beautiful art is very encouraging despite the sad news surrounding this game. Hope everything goes well for both Ron and Rik. The fact that it appears that all the nationalities will get new art is great news as there was talk about the rest of the nationalities being reprints from fan made card sets that were sold previously through other outlets. I'm keeping my hopes up despite the dire talk. Obviously I don't expect Rik to talk about the issue until it is resolved in court or a settlement is agreed upon. I believe updates from Rik regarding how the game is coming along will be very encouraging. Good luck Rik. I requested a refund from Rik on Thursday. My money is not going to go to pay another person's debts. I have received no response. Just as no one has heard from anyone at Radiant Games. Anyone have a phone number for the company? Technically nothing is halted. There was a "writ" issued, which basically is a judge saying "this person says you owe him money, don't do anything until you show up in court to explain it to me." Radiant has until the ? 26th of March to show up and counter the claim. Its unclear if they will show up, as everything seems to be based in Canada and the Texas "location" was for kickstarter requirements. We don't know what Radiant is doing legally, nor do we know if a Texas debt claim has any effect in Canada. Beyond that all we can do is wait and see what happens. It would be nice to hear from Radiant, but they have traditionally been closed lipped about discussing legal stuff on-line. I have no idea, I know nothing about the law. I just hope we get our games, the court ruling seems to halt every single game Valley Games has created even D Day Dice and AIYP, not to mention tons of others. I do not know what is going on, I don't think anyone really does. Why would a profitable venture (the Up Front reprint) be shut down either way? If the profit is a means to paying debt why would a court ruling halt that? Either we all lost money, or the games will be produced and shipped. I don't think there is any way to get a refund unless it is by Rik himself, which I am not going to ask for for AIYP or Up Front until I know for sure the games will not be produced. Sucks, if we don't get our games, this was a somewhat expensive mistake for me, but I definitely learned a lesson. $300+ down a rat hole seems like. There goes my gaming allowance for the year. Rabble rabble rabble rabble. Its worrying, im hoping it will be fine but not holding my breath. Rik's strategy of silence - punctuated by an increasing infrequent vacuous statements that "all is fine" - is incredibly offputting. His original refusal to even mention the legal issues in the "Risks" associated with the project is typical of what appears to be a closed-eyes-wish-it-all-away approach. The continued absence of meaningful comment feels like an admission that there *is* no other side to the argument than the one we hear on BGG. Going through the court records and seeing multiple instances of him not even bothering to argue a case reinforces this perception. What I want to know it simple: Rik, you have made a commitment to us all through Kickstarter. If you don't win the cases against Valley/Radient, will you see it through anyway? Or does the success of the kickstarter depend on you winning cases that you didn't think were worth mentioning as risks? And if you say you will go ahead regardless, why should we believe you? On and this was just 1.5 weeks ago when I got the email asking if I wanted to upgrade. I only asked Rik to comment due to him asking all of the SGT's if they wanted to Upgrade to M/SGT for the extra $25.00. Obviously he knew about the lawsuit, and must have some idea of whats going on. I would hope he knows something we don't and everything is fine. Bye bye, money. :( Besides the 16 or so American infantry, has any other artwork been completed for Up Front? Asking Rik to provide any details on this situation is dumb, he can't talk about it until it's resolved. Does Sauer=Sour? Patience is key. If we lose the money that would suck, however I would think as long as we kept the emails for purchase and the account numbers and whatnot, it isn't exactly throwing money down a rat hole so to speak. Who knows. A hurry to wait. Well, IMHO, it ain't over until the fat lady sings. I don't think it is a slam dunk money loss as the discussion on BGG seems to indicate. It is really a waiting game at this point..... -Ski Well, there goes our cash!!! Luckily I was prepared is the little bit I had pledged but I feel sorry for the people who heavily invested. They must feel like absolute suckers!! Rik, Can you shed some light on the BGG article which is more than gossip as they have posted the actual court documents ........... I too was hoping for a simplified version. Maybe both, with some special rules for those of us with gaming partners (Wives) that dont like wargames. Excited for this, I hope I can get it played. And hope for quick play rules. @Teamski. BGG is full of gossips and naysayers. I believe that Rik will see this through. Now to muddy the waters. Have we lost our money? <url>#11597537 -Ski @Rik- Been a long time since I read the upfront rules and looks good to me so far. Keep the faith and all the little rules and exceptions. Don't water down the game and lose the replayability factor. Complexity can be good in moderation!! @matt Kickstarter rules... "If you don't like a project, don't back it. No need to be a jerk. " enjoy your back rub, thanks for the $$$. Hi again all, thanks for the offer Mark J, I start a new job in a few weeks, so my game time has gone down to next to nothing, but I appreciate the offer. I read through the rules, and I do believe there should be a quick start guide or a simplified rule set similar to D Day Dice, that maybe gradually adds in new actions or situations as you play. That being said, I believe the rules will be a lot easier to actually explain then to read over and memorize by heart. I am sure Rik knows what he is doing and would not alienate new gamers and seasoned vets alike. My two cents. Dang it, I would have sworn this was an awesome Ipad app. Who knew? But I bet I can still swap it for some rockin speakers and a back rub on Craig's List. Personnaly, I'm quite disapointed. I thought this new edition was the occasion to make the rules more simple (i.e., removing all exceptions and little rules that has not a lot of effect on the game) whilst keeping the flavor, but it seems I was wrong. OMG I had a feeling that this game was not for me and after seeing the rules i know for sure!! At least I will make back at least triple selling this on the secondary market. Just in case Daniel Plantenberg comes around again this message is to let him know I'm in MN, TC area, and know the game well. Looks like there's no way to send messages directly to folks here so he, or others in the area, can contact me here; markj18 @ gmail When do those of us who did not 'buy everything' get a chance to designate which armies/nations we want? @Robert Yee - I'm sure we can come up with something like this once all of the cards are completed. The nice thing here though is all of the cards are numbered so as long as you know that there are X number of Americans for example, it becomes real easy to figure out if any are missing from the group. But a complete inventory list should be doable. @Rik - Will there be some sort of card manifest (maybe available online once you finalize things), this is so we can keep track of all our cards in case we lose one and have to figure out what's missing. @Rik. Let me know if you want me to have a crack at an index for you. If you haven't already planned one - I think there needs to be one.. 62 pages of pure text - almost zero pictures :) Impressive amount of information! - Some picture examples could help. - Index is needed very much - otherwise I cannot imagine going though the rulebook looking for a single definition. - I hope that there will be some summary cards that will be shorter :) On page 12 - is it picture from the old up front cards? Woohoo! Now we have rules! @Daniel: If you really want to play Up Front that bad, come to Paris, I may help you. :-) Funny, I counted again the cards total and found... 2689! Add an unknown number of alternate cower cards, medics and minesweepers, alternate weapons and heavy mortars and the total count could be above 2800. That would mean a big box to say the least! Gabe Sprague...if you add up all of the listed amounts, you get over 1500 cards. Plus there were a couple of cases where the card count wasn't given. So it's safe to assume you'll get over 1500 cards for the M/SGT level. I really want to play Up Front, like really bad. Anyone in Minnesota have a copy? :) so, just how many cards are we getting with the M/SGT pledge? Guys, you seriously need to stop getting me all excited k? I mean I only have 2 months until AIYP and then the wait for Upfront. I'm pacing over here lol #John - Rik mentioned that the box will be made specifically to house all of the cards and if I recall, sleeved! -Ski Just curious. For those of us who bought the "Everything" pack. What kind of box/boxes will this be? Will I be able to keep all my 1300 cards nice and organised in what this ships in, or will I have to immediatly figure out some storage solution so it is clean and organized. It is always exciting to hear what creativity comes from you guys just so awesome you guys must be in hog heaven…,lol I am sure stress is a part of it too.... And now we have an update! Glad to hear from you Rik! Aha just realised for some reason I never got the jan 18th update in my mail. I wonder if the money has been collected yet? Survey was due straight after. It's been very quiet...... ANY update would be really nice. AFAIK, the surveys are there to determine chat each buyer bought. It will not be easy as they is a multitude of different buys. But in the meantime, there hasn't been any update for weeks. For those asking about surveys, I would point out that surveys really shouldn't be sent out until a few weeks before the game is ready to ship at the earliest. If they send out the surveys now, they will need to deal with hundreds of address changes over the next several months. I've participated in several other KS projects where the creators sent out surveys shortly after the project was funded and it was a major source of headaches for all involved. Be patient is all I can say. Yeah, will asked the same question I wonder-- when for the surveys? Just a mad idea. Can I suggest that you implement the learning system of dday dice ? Basics. Then add complexity. When are we going to get the surveys? Lefty's have Right's to...;) A reprint of Up Front has been at the top of a lot of gamers wishlists for years because it's such a good game. Don't mess with it, at least not too much. I commented earlier that some of the artwork should show soldiers with a smoke hanging out of their mouths ,well, I've noticed something else...all the artwork so far shows only right-handers. That's handist! Really Great Comments Richard, and Norman. I concur totally. ;) I think that they need to seriously rethink and take into consideration of all the people that are big fans and are backers of this, and just give us the "Up Front" game (Well Written of course.) I agree with the opinions that the rules just need to be better written AND presented. Complexity adds the variation needed to keep enjoying the game after all these years. I also have become a bit worried about talk of changes to the nationalities. Lots of revisionist history and trying to defend the fighting records of Italian or French troops. Surrender or beserk rules add this kind of variation that is needed. If things like this are taken out of the rules set, why have nationalities at all? The beauty of playing as the Italian or French squad is trying to win with the built-in handicaps of the nationalities to begin with. Up Front already enjoys an excellent reputation as one of the best wargames ever made. If you change the rules to simplify them, that would be Up Front Lite or some such. That might also be a great game, but it wouldn't be Up Front. This kickstarter is about republishing Up Front, not creating a new game based on it. Yes, it will include things that didn't come with the original game, but those are the fan-based expansions to add in new troop types. None of that alters how the game itself is played in a significant way. One criticism of Up Front over the years has been that it can be hard to learn; that it is best learned by being taught by an experienced player. The way the original rules were written is the reason for that. There are plenty of more complex wargames out there that can be learned just be reading through the rules. Complexity isn't the issue. It's how the information is organized and presented. In fact, Up Front did provide a good approach to learning the rules with its programmed instruction presentation. You learn a first set of core rules, then play some games with just those. Then you layer on another set and play some games including those. And so on. And players always had the option to play at whatever level of rules they felt comfortable with. However, certain rules in Up Front and just cryptic the way they are presented. This is where the improvement is needed. Rewriting the same rules to make them easier to understand is what I thought this KS was talking about. It is what I am expecting from it. I do not expect them, for example, to simplify the CC resolution procedure so that you dispense with factoring in the play of Conceal cards, morale, armed/unarmed status, etc. to become something simpler like just draw an RNC and red is attacker wins and black is defender wins. Hopefully, the rewritten and reorganized rules, coupled with appropriate information on the PCs themselves, will make applying the rules much easier for us and eliminate the need to frequently revisit the rulebook to parse through a complex subsection in order to resolve a game mechanic. Sorry guys, I disagree. Trying to 'strickly' modelize or simulate real war on such a scale can result in unrealistic results. I agree, the rules need some rewriting to make them clearer. But the less we have exceptions, the better the game will be. I hate losing game time, always too short, trying to find then trying to understand some pesky rules. We will have a bigger game with much better graphics. I hope we will have also a better ruleset. +1 to Richard and Ski's comments...Also, please leave the Range stuff the way it was...I am not a big fan of learing the RR backwards...Just leave it the way it is please...;) I agree with Teamski. I don't want the rules changed. What I want is for them to be explained more clearly. The original rulebook uses some difficult-to-understand wording at times. The same rules can be said in a much more clear way, with good examples to clarify how they are applied. It would also be helpful to expand more on the concepts behind various rules. The original had the Designers Notes, which are helpful. But additional rationale for certain rules could also help. For example, why do certain ordnance weapons compute the fire strength by adding the RR to the effect vs. adding the To Hit RNC? Shaped charge and HE-type ordnance uses the "add the To Hit" approach whereas kinetic, penetration rounds use the "add RR" approach. This is where shorthand reminders on the PCs themselves can be helpful. I saw a suggestion elsewhere, for example, that the effect could be defined on the card as "2+To Hit" or "1+RR". @Marc ADDA -- I don't want simpler rules. If you want a simpler game, then play Frontline D-Day. No, what is needed are well written and well organized rules. What is obsolete is the format under which the original Up Front rule book was written. It can certainly be reorganized to be easier to read without having to remove complexity. This is what Up Front is all about. I would hate to see the game lobodimized. -Ski I'm struggling with some of the same rules issues and frequently refer to the great play aids on BGG. I will point out, though, that the reason wargames include so many exceptions and tend to be inherently complex is due to the fact that they emphasize producing realistic results based on how units/weapons performed historically. Balance and simplicity tend to be sacrificed. If things can be streamlined or at least made easier to execute, then I certainly wouldn't complain as long as the end product still produces similar decision making. @Mike: I don't feel those kind of rules are a requirement of the genre. Don't forget that Up Front is 30 years old, and during those times, complicated rules were the norm. I'm sure we can have the same game, same fun, but with more simple rules. Trying to modelize every nits and bits is not really fun anymore. Does Rik have any comment at this time regarding USPS' recent price increase and its likely knock on affect on the shipping costs for Up Front? I'm not really a wargamer, but I've played a couple. I am pretty sure that arcane and cryptic rules are a requirement of the genre. And exceptions, exceptions to every rule. The malfunction rules are a great example of where clarification is sorely needed. There is an errata out there that basically rewrote those particular rules and they make it much easier to know what to do. The flanking and encirclement rules seem to generate lots of questions too. And I find the whole bit about infantry gun boxed defense values to be confusing as well. So I agree. The more streamlined they can make it, the better. Well, I agree with you FWIW. I didn't ask for a revolution, but more of an evolution. Wargames should be simpler, more streamlined. For example, during my last game, I had problems understanding how to resolve something as simple as a malfunction. Which soldiers are taken into account, what effect on the fire, which weapon malfunction or not, etc. I read the rules many times and still didn't know how to implement them. We can easily keep the same game whilst making it easier to play. I would increase the game pleasure which is much more important than loads of details, at least IMHO. Well, I wasn't expecting them to change the rules but rather rewrite them to make them easier to understand. If they have some new things they want to add, I'd be fine having those as optional rules. But the original game play needs to be preserved. You're right, it's awfully quiet here! I'm particularly interested in rules evolution, especially if we can give our opinion. Crikey, this silence is deafening... can we haz weekly update please ? @Marc -- Use the deck guards. -Ski I haven't noticed any logos on my Ultra Pro sleeves.. Maybe because I have the penny sleeves? I sleeve my games with Swan Panasia, but'll ill be sleeving these with mayday (since I bought ~40 packs for 75 cents each) Forget the previous question, I googlized and found it. Which quality do choose? @Team: BCW? @Isaac -- For standard sized cards, I use BCW sleeves religiously. They are the same quality as Ultra-Pros at half the price and without logos..... -Ski What a mind boggling success! If this was me I would have no words and may even pee on myself…lol (joking) but so much love…loving watching and being a part of this excitement I've played a game yesterday, which was fun. But although I know the game, I'm a bit rusted. For example, I didn't remeber exactly how to determine which weapon malfunctionned. Simply put, which soldier is affected and how. It was much more complicated than what I thought or remembered (even when reading the rules many times) and in the end, I did what I thought was reasonnable. Whatever, this is the kind of rule that should be simplified as you can see on other new games. Streamline is the Word! FOR CARD SLEEVERS: Here's an FYI concerning the 54 mm x 80 mm (54x80) card size that will likely be used for personality cards. There are only a few brands available for this size. One of them is from Ultra-Pro, from their new boardgaming line. I ordered a pack and am sort of reporting to the community as it were. The product number is #82915. Ultra-Pro has always made good quality sleeves, and the same is true here. What I was surprised to find out is that each and every sleeve has an Ultra-Pro logo on it. This is standard for Ultra-Pro sleeves but I thought the boardgaming sleeves were different, as there is no appearance of a logo on any package images anywhere. I called Ultra-Pro to verify and indeed they put a logo on these sleeves as well. If the logo doesn't bother you, then the sleeves are good quality consistent sleeves. They do bother me. I'm not sure why Ultra-Pro would think I want their logo overtop my game's artwork. That's the only reason why I have never purchased Ultra-Pro. As for the product images you will see, be aware, even though there seems to be no logo, each sleeve will have one. I also ordered a pack from Swan Panasia but it hasn't arrived yet. I don't know when, or even if, revised rules will be released. I wonder if it's still possible to discuss about rule proposals. For example, I proposed some new ways to use smoke. I didn't have an answer surely because it was drowned over a lot of message. :-) I believe the release of funds can take up to 3 weeks, so it may be a few more days yet before you get a survey. Anyone have an idea when the revised rules are going to be available? It hasn't been sent out yet and most likely won't be until the funds are released by Amazon. -Ski Was there supposed to be a survey sent out to the backers or was that still to come? @Mikw Horsepool -- I couldn't disagree with you more. Second hand smoke kills! -Ski "Butt me a ****, Stinky" - Richard Conte, A Walk in the Sun, 1945 I support smoking soldiers. If they want to take bullets for my country they deserve a smoke if they want one. No, smoking is bad to soldiers' health! Surely more than machie-guns :-) I know it's not 'PC' any more but surely some of the soldiers could have a cigarette (durry, nail, smoke, ****, burner, etc...) hanging out of their mouths seeing as a huge proportion of fighting men smoked? @Cosmic - I was an initial backer and he is planning on doing some more promoting and restarting it. I wish I saw the p.o.w.e.r. thing earlier Amazon snagged my moolah .... Anybody able to resolve the payment issue? If anyone has some spare dosh after this awesome kickstarter and loves tactical card based games, i highly recommend taking a look at P.O.W.E.R. The kickstarter for it's expansion need just a little bit of help to make it over the finish line. <url>"Amazon was unable to process your $125.00 pledge to UP FRONT the card game.This is a temporary issue, and we are working to resolve it." I really hope it fixes itself before i lose out :D I apologize if this has already been mentioned elsewhere, but is there any chance that we might be able to obtain a PDF of the new rulebook? Some of us happen to own the old version of this game, and it would be useful to be able to compare notes and tracking methods. There were 2407 backers, but I'm sure there was a lot of us that ordered 2 to 3 sets of the game. I myself went with 3. 2 full sets and than a 3rd of 4th depending when the survey comes on how the rest of the money is getting split. Trevor D. Schulz said: "Personally, if there was any derailing going on, I didn't see it here, or on BGG. I thought the concerns were legitimate, and discussion appropriate. What I did see were a couple people who were trying to suppress the conversation, and were often very rude in the process." Exactly. I see that... Btw, I was wondering about the volume of cards to print. The full game has about 2700+ cards. There are 2407 backers, which is more or less the number of full games (well, a bit less I suppose). So, unless I'm mistaken, a quick computation gives a 6 to 7 millions cards total... And I don't add the games printed for retailers. To say it is staggering is an euphemism to say the least. With that, the hangover should last a bit more :-) @Marc -- I think everybody is working off the hangover. -Ski Everybody is dozing...? I would like to know if there will be russian paratroops in the airborne stretch? Lol, and to think when I signed on I was doubtful we would reach the Marines. @ Trevor, Ski and Jonathan thankyou all for the posts. For my final post I would like to say that I will support future KS by Rik and his team if its a game I am interested in. I will still read what people have to say about KS projects on BGG and the discussion on the projects comments page and will make up my mind knowing what people are saying. As I did with this one. I hope that when UpFront comes out that it may put to rest some of the concerns others have that didn't back this project because of those concerns. It has been on the whole an interesting experience nothing like what I have experienced with other KS projects I have backed. I have learnt from many posters information about UpFront, sleeving, card sizes, storage ideas, card design and what gamers like and don't like. Those are the positives I will take from the discussions. I will leave the rest as the saying goes Let sleeping dogs lie. And it is time for this old grognard to say farewell and hope that we meet again on the field of gaming. Peace and hope to all. @Trevor -- While the concerns were legitmate, the posters were going overboard with speculation with only a fraction of the facts. There is one thing airing a concern, and another thing altogether badgering for evidence of innocence that they were not entitled to by concocting consiracies to induce a response. -Ski Personally, if there was any derailing going on, I didn't see it here, or on BGG. I thought the concerns were legitimate, and discussion appropriate. What I did see were a couple people who were trying to suppress the conversation, and were often very rude in the process. Like everyone else posting, I am very pleased it all worked out. I had a pretty strong feeling it would. As for BGG, you just have to take it for what it is. People can be passionate about their hobbies, and sometimes, either through social awkwardness, the anonymity of the internet, or whatever, that passion can lead to nastiness. It's still a great site, by-and-large, and worth being an active participant at. I can't wait for the final version of Up Front to be released, and look forward to seeing Private Witt storming the beaches of the Pacific! Bah and people where worried we might not make the bag! We will probably have enough cards to fill a bathtub! ATTN: I do not endorse such an activity. On a serious note, I'm looking forward to using this game as the gateway drug that lures some of my history friends into becoming full fledged gamers ^__^ @ Patrick Bauer I agree 100% with your comments. This campaign has been hard due to a very vocal group on BGG and to some extent here really trying to derail the project. There must of been some days where all of those gamers who wanted this project to succeed despaired of it reaching all of its goals. I know I did. But in truth the nay sayers did not win. BGG is a great site for game information but I have noticed that certain posters are trolling and trying to turn any discussion into a fight for life and death. I don't post there for reason of being attacked. Cowardly I know but conflict I do not live for as I lost my gaming business partner over it. I just read and hope to get through the crap to get some sense of what the real point of the discussion is. Face to face most of these trolls would in all honesty not behave the way they do. It's the anomininty of online that gives some courage to continually attack others. On a lighter note I would like to extend my hand in good faith and friendship to Rik and crew and say job well done. That goes to all the backers who had their hearts in the right place and supported this project in a clear headed and constructive manner. This is the spirit of what makes being part of this hobby worthwhile. I like the rest will await the new Up Front. I just got to hope that my postal deliverer does not put his back out delivering the product. The best to all, hope Christmas was great and I truly hope that this year is so much better for those who did it tough last year. Peace and hope to all. If this gets shipped before Christmas i will get ready to shake hands with Jesus!! And remember that there is a chance that this may not get shipped at all. KS is not a store. I realize that June is probably going to be a stretch for this project to be released, but it would be nice to hope since the annual WBC tourney starts in late July. The UF championship been hovering around 25 - 30 players for the past few years and having this version out before then would hopefully boost the turnout. Yes, I understand that it may not be realistic...but I can still hope. Firstly, I'm excited at getting all the cards and knowing the quality of Titan reprint: I'm overly eager for a June postal visit. But kickstarter is hard on my nerves. I just did not enjoy the toxic whining a few who seemed to have nothing better to do but attack the creators or pretend to be copyright lawyers. There's no knowing how many backers shied away because of their inanity. And then there was the hourly (ok hourly at best, more like every 5 minutes) check on the backing status. Man, those middle days were tough as people with eyes bigger than their wallets backed out. And gee thanks you end drive name blockers: nice. Can't wait to play. Good luck and good gaming everyone. Can someone reminds me, please, what we could earn if we provide some scenarios? @Andrea - Yeah. I'm actually planning on utilizing an old Axis and Allies board as a visual representation of some solo DYO campaigns I am planning. I'm hoping for an August release. Just to be realistic - don't expect this by its due date. 84% of kickstarter projects don't deliver on time and D-Day Dice took an extra three months. Rik also still has to get AIYP out. I'm not trying to dampen spirits especially after such a successful campaign but I don't want people getting too upset when June comes and goes without the game. I'll be happy to get it before Christmas. Woo hoo !! Now is that Jun1st or the 30th ? or 15th ? or the 18th to throw us off ? Hey somebody had to be the first to ask the exact date ! :) @Esoba, yes on BGG there is a good "matrix" to work on for solo play, that might be used to build up a sort of random AI deck (with some different strategies for different armies) to make that matrix easier to use @Andrea - I'm right there with ya on a solo variant, but BGG has rules for solo play. Anyways, now that it is over has anybody calculated the exact number of cards we will be getting with all expansions and what not? Thank, You! Waiting my Italian Folgore copy with all expansions, all the goals and the wonderful bags... i have 6 months to work on an interesting solo variant ^__^ I am so excited to play AIYP and Up Front and combine them into ond ultra huge epic game of awesomeness. $165 pledge MSGT full set plus a base game for a great friend sooo much value. I just got the confirmation that my payment has gone through. I want to thank you Rik for reviving a classic that I will look forward to for the next six months. Considering the sheer size of the stretch rewards along with getting every expansion for my $125, I realize that I'm not just getting a great game, but when packed inside the messenger bag it will be an effective battering ram to break through doors and windows that will help me escape from a potential fire. "Before the leaves fall" & "Home by Christmas" — both adages I pray hold true for the delivery of this game during 2013. Well done on raising this huge amount. For your next game, consider shipping bulk to an EU company and charging less shipping cost to EU. This will open up the market for EU gamers much more. Congrats, Rik! Great job, all! Huzzah! Great ! Thanks to all who pledged. Now the pain...I hope the AUD is still strong! Ended 22 minutes agolacking just 52$ to reach 340k$... Truly amazing!!! It's still a bit sad it's over (a bit elated I suppose) and at the same time, we now have 6 months to wait before receiving 7 lbs (or more?) of a truly atonishing game. Waiting for more updates! Congrats on such a great campaign! Really looking forward to this game. Outstanding! Contests Rik and team! I eagerly await whatever your next project is. My wallet does not, but I sure do! Add this to the list of gams I'm waiting for... 6 months and my shelves will be full of shiny new games. congrats on the successful project! Bah hehe at the last second a Canada 225 tier opened up... good thing I did not see it, saved me 100$ would of been an impulse buy. Congrads to all!!! Now to weather the wait for one hell of a game to come out!! Well done Rik and company!! -Ski Huzzah! Never thought it would go that high! great result Woo! all done Ding, Ding, Ding. Gratz Rik Boom! 30 seconds to go we will break 400K? time.... Yer but campaign has been successful A $325 Devil's Brigade is open. Kind of makes me mad when people pull out at the last moment. Interesting to see some higher backers pull out at the last bit. Kept people out of those tiers for what I don't know. @John - LoL. Wow, I'm supporting the soon to be #1 (KD) and now the #7 (Up Front). Good month for boardgames. It looks like Up Front is going to land at #7 boardgame of all time. SO hoping we'd beat that Catan crap :) Down to 15 mins 340K oncoming! Watch those fence sitters finally cave. Should have just joined earlier since y'all knew you were gonna anyways. Home stretch! @Milan - LoL. Well at least you know ahead of time that your mail carrier will despise you for the rest of their life. Picked up INTL. COMMISARY. There is no doubt that I will find 5 friends who will be fighting each other for a copy when they see it and for the ones that can't get a copy from me that I will have to beat away the rest away with a stick. Well it looks like Rik and company will have a nice little monetary bump past the last stretch goal. Congrats guys, and I cannot wait until you follow through with your plans discussed in update #26. From what I had read here ? or BGG ? The cards will havr different values to match the terrain ... RP#s and RN#s will stay the same but the terrain mods will be different , so that each deck WILL play differently ... May have mis understood , but , that is my belief ... Holy cow, 334K. That is way above what I thought we would end at. @Anton: With the original Up Front, you had to convert some terrains (for example, building were treated as jungle in Pacific, etc.), and usually they had almost the same effect. So there is a cosmetic part and a gameplay part. Sorry if this has been asked, but is there any value differences between the different Action Decks. They are all 162 cards and themed as Desert, Jungle etc, but will they actually have different terrain and therefore gameplay or is it just an artistic difference with the cards? go for an additionnal copy (for a friend) I think with 2 copies we could play with entire divisions for a BIG scale play :-) That was a great campaign, congratulations to Rik and his team and to ALL backers that make this wonderful project possible ! On the fence no more. When I first read about Up Front about a year ago I thought what a pity it was that it would never get reprinted due to the apparently insurmountable legal hurdles. And here we are, a few months from being published. Like a dream. Cheers Rik 'n team. After the campaign will be over, i hope to some weekly update concerning cards and, perhaps, some sample session report with new cards ^__^ Yin: Nope, but take a look at update 26 Anymore stretch goals in mind? I've been on the fence for this one since I first saw it a month ago, finally decided to take the plunge. @ Daniel Plantenberg I'll be your best friend if you would pledge me an additional copy....... Lol just kidding I'm in for two complete sets already. I don't want my local postal worker to put their back out delivering the game. Well I went with a $165 pledge so I'll get the full set, and a very good friend of mine can try out the Germans vs US will all those wonderful stretch goals. Hope he enjoys it, and I know he will be a tad disappointed I didn't get HIM a full set, but hey he is still getting a ton of game. Plus a bag, which he might enjoy more than Up Front, but hey I'm a good friend. @ Daniel Vore The game was a card version for Squad Leader originaly 30 years ago when released. Although it is not a direct translation. Rik is creating an updated version which is to have some rules reworked and the card design/ artwork is being revamped. Check out the main page of this kickstarter for artwork samples. Riks version will bring the game up to todays standards and give players a lot more possible combinations of combatants. Also on the main page of Kickstarter is a video which explains some turns of a game of Up Front. It is well worth taking the time to watch. I don't own Combat Commander so I cannot make a comparison. Hope this information will support your decision to stay backing the project. Thanks. I probably would pass (money is tight) but with all the stretch goal goodness I can't resist a 40$ pledge. Now to find people to play with... Oh, and for its scale, it's also wonderfully realistic @Daniel Vore: Combat Commander is a crossover between Up Front and Squad Leader. Up Front is 30 years old but is a very fine game, a bit ahead of its time. Fun, quick and terribly unlimited regarding combinations. @ Daniel and Andy Yep that would be pretty funny episode for the Dice Tower. lol Tom would take forever picking up the cards, he'd need the whole clan. I started searching through the comments for answers but there are two many. Is this game kinda like Combat Commander? just with out the map? I'm in at 40$ and I can't do more (though i wish i could!) I've been looking for a WW2 game for a while and this seems pretty great. With all the stretch goals I tempted. time is running out. p.s. Imagine a component drop of this Kickstarter Project on The Dice Tower! lol we were all quick to answer. Now we wait. Thanks for update - makes sense now. I'm a wee bit excited... I think I might play Flower Fall with my old Up Front set. @ Rik nice to see youre still watching in the background. Thanks. Surveys should come out at a later date, that is what happened for AIYP and I assume DDD as well. They will ask you how many extra sets you will add and all that good stuff. @Andy, the survey will be sent to you after the project ends. That is where you stipulate what any extra funds are used for. I'm in at $200, but have pledged $325 for an extra set as well. I'll tell Rik that in the survey, and he'll send two full sets to me... I'm in at 40$ I seriously get all those stretch goals at the PVT(40$) level? I havn't seen this many stretch goals at a low level since Reaper's Kickstarter. @ Lee and Craig: I didn't get a survey to ask where the additional pledge would go to? @Andy Ahrens Click on Manage Your Pledge and add more money. There is a survey at the where you will be asked what the money is for. @Andy Ahrens Yes Andy just add it to your current pledge and make sure that the tier is still highlighted then continue onto Amazon website and complete transaction. You will get an email form Amazon stating new amout pledged. If I want to add another pledge (a second complete game as a gift for friend) without cancelling my current order, how do I do that? Do I just add the money to my current pledge? Still 9 hours to go. @Charles Picard Yes it is. Nice, this is officially the most productive day in the Kickstarter. @ Binarysunrise The expansion Nations will be between $25 to $30 but will be relased over time. Rik has not stated that swapping out stretch goals will be permitted. The only mention is that people can opt out of the SS stretch level if they think it will have problems with their customs on import. Some German backers have said there may be issues depending what is on the outside of the pack regarding symbols used. Any idea how much purchasing country expansions at a later date will be? I can only support the $40 base at the moment. Or could we swap out any of the bonus stretch goals? :) @ERG Haha, yeah Mort is now backing UF! @Keegan Thanks for explaining it. Still in doubt, though :D @Craig Whiting: Many thanks, I'm up to $320 now and still have the $225 Named Brit Reward. Life is good... :-) @Keegan - I caved in and went from $80 to $125, for pretty much the same reason-I wanted the complete set. @ Redheaded Pharmacist - I totally had no choice but to read your post in the voice of Mort Goldman. Wow, there's a LTC (USMC) lurking around down at the bottom of the page. If someone wants to name a Marine, then you've still got a chance. @Keegan... well we all get there eventually! @ Keegan Fink We are not worthy we are not worthy we bow before thee. Sir the Japanese Army are ready to die for their Emporer. Sorry we didn't mean to pressure you. Wait yes we did, well the other guy did (pointing to the other guys post) Oh what the hell — I broke down and moved from the $115 level to $125 ^__^ Although I'm not as enamored with the Pacific Theater, for an extra ten dollars, it's hard to pass up having a complete set of Up Front factions (the additional Action Deck is nice too). You've won Rik! I caved into peer pressure and my completist tendencies as a collector and gamer. @ Tim Pollard You can always adjust you pledge amount even if it is sold out. When you go back in via the Manage Your Pledge it should allow you to increase the amount to $320. The button next to the CPT British level should still be highlited for you. Do not progress to Amazon via the button at the bottom unless the pledge level is highlighted as I have said. Let us know how you go. Guys, I'm already in for $260 (named British Private + $35 UK shipping) and am thinking of getting a second basic ($40 + $20 second shipping) set. If I increase the amount will the system still keep my original Reward level even though it now says it's sold out? Thanks... lol Dragon Hoard of cards I would like a box, but heck if we don't get one I'll just use the post office box it comes in. Sooo many cards. @ ArtB Rik has advised that Canadians will have their games shipped from inside Canada. This gets around what UPS does to cross border shipments into Canada. Rik can at least help the Canadian backers this way. There was a post from Isaac Citrom below is that post "@Andre. I asked Rik. Apparently, Canada is a special case. It will ship within Canada. So, whether it is Canada Post or a courrier makes no difference vis-à-vis customs brokerage fees, if that's what you're wondering about" I hope this answers your question. @ArtB, I asked and it's through USPS. But then I heard from someone else that for Canada is actually shipped within Canada, so doesn't go through customs... Not sure if that rumor is true though. Puh-leeeease throw in a box. That would kick ass. We kicked ass. Now... I'd love a box. Did I say please? I just backed this project after following it closely for a while now. I backed DDD and AIYP and I look forward to getting this in the mail as well. I know the UF bag will look good next to my DDD bag. Any word on how they'll get shipped to Canada? UPS is so much worse than USPS its not even funny. @ Zachary Glad all is OK now. Yes Up Front is a card based wargame but it is infinately replayable and you are getting a dragon hoard of cards. @ Zachary Peters You need to go through the Pledge Manager to alter your pledge amount. Go in reenter the $135 and make sure M/SGT level is selected then go to bottom click to progress to Amazon and follow their instructions and this will confirm your change in pledge amount both to KS and Amazon. It can't be done any other way that will register properly. Hope this helps. Oh by the way you are not crazy there are plenty of others here that have done what you are pledging to. I think I fixed it. I deleted my previous authorization and replaced it with a new one for the higher amt. Yeah I completed the amazon process prior to increasing my pledge on KS. Amazon did it update the total, so I think I need to redo everything. As an aside, is it crazy to spend $135 on a card game? I'm guessing people here will say no, but it feels crazy. @Zachary Peters. The pledge amount here on the KS went up by $10. Check your email account to see if Amazon has emailed you. When you went to Amazon did you go right through their process so it was confirmed? "Most impressive" as Vader would say......beat DDD on backers and much higher total funding as well. What a winner this game is! Shoot, can someone quick help me out? I accidentally did not add the shipping cost into my payment on amazon. I went back to the KS website and upped it to $135 but the amazon site is of course unchanged at $125. What is the best way to fix this? Cancel everything and do it again? To the backer who predicted this way back near the beggining you are a better predictor than me. Rik looks like the spreadsheet model you sent me was a good way of guaging the end result although this has even broken those numbers. Have now passed D-Day Dice for funding and number of backers. Well, more named slots opening up for a few countries. 17 hours until we enter the Great Void... what will we do? when you kickstarter the Korean war version you must make it possible to link up the sets so that you can simulate the long Sino Japanese war.. but it would be nice if there was a link up planned? I would buy it, as well as other cold war battles... for French Indochina, the Vietnam war, the Suez crisis, Kenya, etc. I suppose so, haha they are definitely more fun to watch now. :) @ Daniel Plantenberg. Hey how about the MN Vikings making the NFL playoffs after the season they had in 2011 big turnaround. Thats the team I support from here in Australia. Very good point about card wear and tear. Extra long straws huh, now that is an idea, too bad here in MN every drink is frozen by the time you get it in the house lol # Daniel Plantenberg Most amusing reply. I know what you mean about messy hands and games. With my group its drinks. Drinks on the floor please not on the table. Extra long straws available. As for getting a second complete copy, I did, as when I calculated the cost of sleeving I decided to put the money towards a second complete set. Figure I would never wear out any card sets that way. Damn right Craig, lol. Gosh I could not imagine my Heroquest, complete Tannhauser set, Attack!, Duel of Ages, or countless others be ruined by the brown goopy chewing tobacco, well as long as they didn't do it on purpose I suppose I couldn't be mad since friends and family are the reason board games and card games are amazing to begin with. On a side note, should I go for another set guys? Sitting at $125 I got my paycheck today so I could go $250 hmmmmmmmmmm decisions decisions @ Ryan DuPree Right along side you there. You are not alone. But to be honest it has been every 15 minutes (hangs head in shame). @ Daniel Good thing they don't use chewing tobacco. @ Craig Thanks for the information. I replied to his email yesterday asking for names so I pretty sure he knows about the switch. I am currently highlighted for CPT DB so it sounds like its all going to work out. Being my first rodeo here I appreciate you help. I have been overly excited about this project (checking it every two or so hours for the past two weeks!) FIrst it has to be March for AIYP, then my gaming group can try to patiently wait until June for Up Front. I having a feeling we are going to need a lot of beers / Dr. Pepper and just as many bags of jerky. No one eats chips while playing my games no sir lol @ Ryan DuPree So long as you checked next to the DB CPT level when it was open then yes it will take. You can check which pledge level is highlighted for you on right of this screen. Now comes the critical part. If Rik hasn't emailed you for the DB pledge for your name of the PVT then I would send him an email and say that you have changed from PVT France to PVT DB. I think Marc Adda grabbed the last CPT France level. I am sure Rik will check pledges for named solidiers at the end of KS to make sure he has everybody that should be naming a card. @Craig -- Happy I could help recruit you into the Polish Legion! I'll see you on the table, sir! -Ski @ Fink Japanese are so fun to play. Chip in another 10.00 or drop the Italians or French. @ Keegan Fink Aww cmon Keegan the Japanese are feeling left out. They are cheap at just $10 extra. The Japanese troops are bowing and saying we are ready to do batlle with the Western Imperialists. Especially those US Marines. It will give your Aussies someone else to fight. After all we only fought the Germans, Italians, Vichy French in North Africa and Middle East. If the Japanese had been there too we would have fought them as well. But we had to come home to do that. Please don't let the Ausiies miss out. All jokes aside you still have ample forces to play with. Upping your pledge level is most appreciated. Hey all! I had asked Rik this question, but I imagine he is super swamped right now. Being so OCD myself, I figured I could ask here and get an answer. My original pledge was CPT-France (due to the last name of course). Then I became more and more interested in the Devil's Brigade. After doing my research I was hooked and wanted to re-manage my pledge to the DB, only to find it sold out. I gave Rik my information for France. However this morning, there was an opening in the Brigade! I switched my sold out spot in France to the Brigade immediately. Will I get to make this move? Sorry for the long-winded post. So pumped for this game! Thanks in advance and have a great day. After sticking to my initial $80 pledge, I finally broke down and pledged at the $115 level. The thought of skipping over the French and Italian expansions meant I wouldn't enjoy the full range of European and Mediterranean theater combat (not as drawn to the Pacific theater). It hardly seemed appropriate to grab the British but miss out on the desert action deck! Rik, I know this isn't your first trip around the block. But, you are aware that normally pre-orders are shipped in order of order-placement starting with the 600s, right? . @Teamski Your strong support in the early days on BGG to me at least was a factor for me joining at the Polish Stretch Goal. So my hat goes off to you sir. (bows low with sweeping motion whilst hat is in hand) @ Isaac Citrom It is just to see if this will be Rik's most backed and funded Project. D-Day Dice was his previous best supported and funded project. @ Charles Picard And a very good morning to you sir. Wow! We broke $300k! Sweet! @ Jamie Morris If you look to the Pledge levels down the right hand side on this page you will see highlighted in green your pledge level. All you have to do is adjust the amount in the top box via the Pledge Manager to how much you are pledging then make sure the button next to the highest tier you are selecting is highlighted. Every time you adjust your pledge amount Amazon sends an email confirmation. They will only charge on the last pledge change you made. I upped my pledge 3 times and changed tier. I'm just curious, why is D-Day Dice a milestone to pass? It's a completely different beast. oh, wait never mind, yeah selecting the pledge level, yeah, I got it @Craig Whiting, say what? At this point it looks like we'll sail past 2122 backers. I'll have to see whats going on with mine.. I tried to add $40 to my pledge and now i have 3 separate emails from Kickstarter saying i've authorized 3 payments. While 3 sets could be a good investment, i don't know if i need that right now... haha @ Esoba Amazing result $300K Now we will see if it beats D-Day Dice for number of backers which was 2122 @ Kevin Kortekaas One more thing you need to select M/SGT level. @ Kevin Kortekaas Yes that is correct. To confirm, as a Canadian, I need to pledge 135$ total for all the base sets? Wow, crossed 300K with 19 hours still left. Even beat out what Rik's team was thinking with their calculations. @Trevor - And I believe Rik stated that the expansions we receive will be full retail, which is in tuck boxes. @Trevor: there will be storage box, akin to the Thunderstone-style insert that will accomodate sleeved and unsleeved cards @Borna - Check update #26 Chinese are planned for another kickstarter campaign Guys, if you could only add the Chinese and the Croatians (for Tito's Partizans) this could be the ultimate ww2 game for me... I also wouldn't mind the characters from the movie Kelly's Heroes, that would be great fun :-) Just added another $40 pledge considering the fence sitters in my game group. Plus it got the total over $299k. Now I am like the other Michael N below with a $80+40. Is there a storage box included? a supporter list seems reasonable as a stretch goal let's have some downloadable tuck box templates so we can build tuck boxes for carrying part sets to our gaming clubs. Yeah, I would love a supporter thank you in the rule books listing names. Maybe make that a $300k stretch goal? :P I liked getting the Ogre rules PDF and seeing my name there. We reached the bag, yeahh. I love it. I thought it was impossible yes, I'm U.S. @Jamie: I suppose so, if you don't have shipping cost. I may do the same, adding another copy for a friend. But his tier will be different from mine. so by just entering $165 you get both the $40 and $125 pledge? That is amazaing Issac. Thanks for the update. I hope that is how it works out. Thanks again! @Andre. I asked Rik. Apparently, Canada is a special case. It will ship within Canada. So, whether it is Canada Post or a courrier makes no difference vis-à-vis customs brokerage fees, if that's what you're wondering about. Wow, what a day yesterday, $32K+. I was actually surprised that we made the messenger bag at all. It didn't look like we would. But, Rik predicted it all along. How is this shipping to Canada? USPS or courier ? @Roel: The reason people might consider pledging higher than $40 for just the core set: Once you hit the $100 mark, each pledge level beyond that offers a steep discount per additional nation deck (of the main 5). The MSRP per nation deck (for the big 5) hovers between $25/30. So between the $40 and $100 pledge level, each additional deck is $20 (a good deal!), but once you pass the SGT level each additional nation deck is $15 — they've set it up to make upgrading your pledge appealing by discounting through volume. Everything is ok, I received the confirmation from amazon. Thanks for your answers! Make sure you check the box for your new reward level as well just changing the dollar amount doesnt do it. No, it's ok, that worked after a second try. I don't know why the first time I can't, but I close the window, opened a new one and it worked. Computers are really susceptible beasts. I took the last french tier... Not even sure what to tell you there you should be able to delete the dollar amount that is there and type a new one in. If it is not letting you do that you might try restarting your browser or rebooting maybe flash crashed or something and is making it bug out. (sorry, hit the enter key too fast) ---ange the price That's what I try to do, but I'm unable to ch Hit manage pledge then change the price at the top to your new tier or higher then go down and select the new radio button next to the tier you want. Submit and done. thanks craig Is it possible to increase my reward? I would like to change tier but fail in that regard. @Craig: see "you" on the field of battle lol thats cute @ Scott Murray it is slated for release June 2013. Hi everyone. New backer here. Am I blind or is the proposed release/shipping date of Up Front not shown anywhere? Any help is highly appreciated @ Greame Sharpe I second your reasoning for going all in. I did the same plus have a card in my name. That satisfied my ego and my geeky card sometimes sleeving mind. More power to us. @ Marc Adda All I know is that it will be a heavy package. Rik indicated it was like 15lbs. I don't know about French Customs but Australian Customs only looks at dollar value. If under a $1,000 we don't pay any extra taxes. @Craig: Or maybe its name is Arthur .... Serious question: Now that we are sure to obtain all rewards, what will be the weight of the whole game. I wonder if customs will pose problem regarding that. @Roel - I take your point but for me, the extra $85 means I won't be waiting around for a couple of years wondering if I'm going to find the expansions. To get all the components for this price, at the same time is a good deal, and eases my geeky, card sleeving mind. @Andrea Sbragia Looks like my Australian PVT will be able to go up against your Folgore PVT. Australians from our 9th division against your soldiers from Italian Parachute Division. Hmm could be a close one. @Marc Adda I wonder who the 2001 backer was. Space 2001. Was their name H.A.L. I am happy all the goals are achieved, i must confess i was not so confident in achieving even the Mountain deck..... but i am glad i was wrong ^__^ . Now, after enlisting my surname in the PVT ranks of the italian Folgore, is the tough part....... waiting for the game to be delivered. Happy new year Two thousands pledgers minus one... Who will be the 2000th? Doubting about the terrain decks (i.e. the five 'basic' expansions). As it is, the value of a "basic" PVT pledge with all rewards (about 1500 cards) is simply so much more than the value of the "include all expansions" M/SGT pledge (about 2500 cards). Sympathy pledges aside (as I really appreciate the gratious amount of expansions), if you can get 1500 cards for $40.. hard to justify to myself paying an extra $85 for the next set of 1000. Now if there was a M/SGT+ 'only' reward.. or a $300K reward (so I could contribute to the push making that)... things might change. @Randy - It has to still be December 31st somewhere in the world, so I say it doesn't count since you pledged in 2012... Just gave a heads up to ALL Boardgamegeekers that had this game as 'want in trade' or made comments about getting this again if there ever was a reprint. Surely made a lot of people happy :) card holders with Up Front logo on it would be cool. I recently switched to a card holder format. It takes up table space but I do find it better than holding the cards. Just pledged. My New Years Resolution was "no more Kickstarters." Oh well. Better luck next year. Will there be a storage box included? I don't see any mention of one on the home page. If anything, I personally would be pleased as punch to get a plastic action deck card holder (thanks Nathaniel G for reminding me the original game had one). Happy New Year Everyone!!! Wonderful!! I am thrilled that we acheived ALL of the stretch rewards! Way to go gang!! @Craig... Thanks for expanding on your viewpoint. It wasn't my intend to offend anyone, but state my opinion on the matter, and to keep the comments for additional stretch goals coming. I wanted to let them know that at least I am on their side regarding their desire to post about their wishes. My viewpoint stays the same. As I said, I agree that the offering as it is, is great. In fact it is remarkable. I upped my pledge several times to help to help the project reach the highest goal, and in doing so I also helped myself. It matters little to me if you were the first to join or the last, what matters to me is that you helped support a project that you liked. I too will be paying postage at the highest rate stated here. I am an American, and could have free postage to the USA, but I am not in the USA at present, and am happy to pay for the shipping costs. Bring on the comments! 2000 backers, and 1000% of original funding goal? Not bad. @ SacredRoach Thank you. With a further 34 hours to go more people will come on board. Whatever goes on from here will only be to Rik's advantage and those of us that have backed the project. If more sign on the customer base is increased. The only thing I know for certain is that Rik and co now know that all their stretch goals have been met. Now it will be just the numbers. That makes costing a lot easier with regard to how much of the print run has been paid for. The only thing Rik wont know for a while is how much of the pledged money is for postage. @Craig...I agree 100%. I was sold on this project well before the $100k mark, and worried that the SS would not be included. As it stands, I believe that I am getting truly outstanding value for my pledge...and for the add-on for a friend. If Rik wants to add more then I am all for it. If he decides that enough is enough and that anything else can be released in tuck boxes...also well and good. I am certain that he has more cards available in the design files...but with a customer base almost at 2000 the demand for expansions will definitely be there. My 2 cents. I think everyone should be satisfied with the tremendous number of stretch goals we have already achieved. @jhockaday I suspect you are aware that 1. Kickstarter gets its cut before the balance of the money is made available to the Project Creators company. 2 There will be pledgers who for whatever reason will not be able to honour that pledge 3. The more stretch goals that are added and reached up goes the cost of freight (freight has been fixed for the kickstarter) 4. The more local USA backers there are the more that the freight for their orders has to be covered. Rik is not charging them if its shipped inside the USA. Great deal for them, wish I was in USA. 5. Rik has to hope freight and production costs do not rise to any great extent between designing, getting it printed and posting. 6. More stretch levels can have the effect of delaying the expected release date. Not necessarily so but it is a factor to consider. 7. We have already been given additonal stretch levels than was in the original kickstarter when it started. Unexpected but I am greatful. Those of us who have produced games and also retailed them are very aware that in this business profit margins can be tight. Postage has and always will be an issue for any game designer / manufacturer and needs to be factored in. So by all means if Rik wants to add extra pledge goals that is his perogative to do so. If people want to ask for more stretch goals they can no one is here to stop them. Those of us who know this industry are just saying we think enough is on the table now. We are not being disrespectful to anyone and I do not think the postings of these people have even intimated any disrespect. Rik has already listened to the backers of this project and made adjustments. I just believe enough has been done. Just my take. I don't take offence if you disagree. I also don't take offence at the point you are making. Just please don't accuse me or others of disrespect if we don't want more stretch goals. After all, like you we have all backed this project to the extent we can afford / justify otherwise we wouldn't be able to make comments. First AIYP this year then UP FRONT yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay As of this posting--1946 backers and 1574 comments. A difference of roughly 400 FYI-- A healthy and successful project will always have around 400 fewer comments than backers. This project has been consistent and therefore will reach 300K. As I see it, it doesn't hurt to ask! I am NOT asking by the way, but I think the complaints about people being vocal about wanting more are disrespectful to the backers who are using this place as a voice for their ideas. Mr. Falch is a businessman, and if he is able to get more of a return on his investment in additional stretch goals, then of course it is a wise thing for him to do. People's suggestions just might be something that he hasn't thought of, and might make this campaign more successful. The more successful this campaign is, the more likely there will be a next campaign, and the more successful his next campaign is likely to be. So, I for one would like to keep hearing suggestions for additional stretch goals, though in the end, I am perfectly happy with the goals as they are. I am also not clever enough to think of stretch goals that might be able to be realistically explored before the end of the campaign. Ambush! would be great. How bout making them print all of our names in the back of the rule book like d-day dice ;) Apparently I cannot stay away from anything Rik Falch produces. DDay Dice, Airborne in Your Pocket and now Up Front. Looks to be a great game. Less than 300 more backers, and this ends up beating the 2,122 backers of D-Day Dice....that's a pretty solid accomplishment, and a thank you to Rik for retooling a classic game! Will we have the platic card holder like in the original game ? it was very usefull to hold the very large action card deck and discard pile. I've got most of the old Ambush stuff. It would great for that to see the light of day again. Happy New Year, Darren! Rik congrats on up front success. How about an ambush game in one of the future kickstarter projects if you can get the rights. 1919 backers what a great year that was. @ SantanzChild Its always amusing to see what happens at the end of a Kickstarter. The same even happened with the Bones kickstarter though to a lesser extent. Complaints about strectch goals that is. I don't know maybe its my age (51) but getting more doesn't make me happy. Been down that path thats how I ended up with over 5000 games. One of my fellow gamers wanted me to adopt him another asked me had I played them all. I just said maybe by the end of the century and fell on the floor laughing. Owning 5000 of anything has a life of its own. Still I am never short of a game to play just storage space. But I guess I am a hopeless game addict I just can't pass up a good game. Riks Up Front will be one of that category. I'm just glad we hit the $275 stretch goal and the ton of stretch goals already met. Plus the Gurkhas as a surprise X-mas gift was amazing cool. So I have no problem without additional stretch goals. Happy New year from the UK. People should be aware that I contributed about 8 hundredth of a percent to this campaign, so.... there... :) I'm happy with what I'm getting for the money I've pledged. @Anthony: There's just no way to reach $400K, which is why I'm very happy the goal that was promised there (the bag) was lowered to $275K. @Esoba: I think the silence on the subject is your answer. They may still have a surprise, but it seems way too late to drive more backers, and any backer that's on the brink, waiting for "one more thing" is missing the forest for a few potential shrubs. I completely agree we are getting well more than our money's worth. However, I would also like to know if there is anything left for stretch goals or if they are calling it a day. I'm really fine with either since we hit the bag, but since I am a curious chap it would be nice to have that information. Personally, Rik has surprised me several times and something in me tells me that he has at least 1 more thing up his sleeve. If you recall, Rik added many stretch goals already (above what was originally offered). Personally I think we are getting our money's worth the way it stands. @Anthonthy: I think the suggestions to put extra money towards paying those involved and improving the component quality aren't advocating *another* stretch goal, merely allow anything extra beyond 275K to be spent wisely and invested soundedly. Kicktraq is projecting 310K on the high end, but I don't think any other formal goals are necessary. After all, it's a helluva deal as it stands. I'll just be happy if we get it before next Xmas ^__^ I want a stretch goal to be a WWII uniform from our country of choice. I wonder how possible it would be for them to add one big stretch goal on Quality. By this I mean a Kickstarter edition lets say at 400k that will be a step above the retail edition. For example the first couple steps the art is improved both editions get an advantage from this. The last few steps improve card stock and coating, Plus the final big step plastic token(hehe I keep losing the small paper tokens in my other games) Just saw my first Up Front banner ad on Boardgamegeek ... looks like they're having one last marketing push. For the next KS we need a cowboys and Indians mini expansion!!!! $146.61 Average pledge across 1900 backers. Wow that is showing support for a card game. This never would of happened without the card naming tiers it seems. @Isaac Citrom: Well said, I agree completely! We have great value with this KS as is. No need to add in more stretch awards. I'm definitely in the camp of let's let this thing build up a cushion and just watch the last fence sitters pull the trigger for this great kit. I am also for using the next few stretch reward for Quality, Quality, Quality. I also see that they have back some of the minins kickstarter, would be nice if they could team up with one of them to switch the paper tokens to plastic ones(limited to kickstarter only :P). But I would like them to take us up to 300k at least to improve Quality. I got a box and a game board for my 60ish :P a box a box for the 300$! @Craig I backed Cadwallon as well and remember the crying its amazing how much people will demand for there $60 @ SantanzChild. You are right. There will be bounced pledges so more backers will cover those that fail to pay for whatever reason. Also a healthy finacial pledge buffer would be wise if it happens. The same happened with Guilds of Cadwallon. More than enough backed and no more stretch goals were added. There were vocal backers who demanded more but the Project cordinator stood firm and didn't offer anymore stretch rewards. They went over the last stretch reward buy a fair margin nearly $27K. I was satsified with what I got, I will get from that Kickstarter. As I am with this one. I for one will support Riks next campaign on Kickstarter when it happens. It is just that some people want more and more. If there was more some sleevers would have to hier someone to sleeve the cards. Jokes. I to do sleeve but not all the time. I'll cast my vote for not adding more stretch rewards. The bag was was supposed to be a $300K reward when I pledged, so I can hardly be unhappy with no additional rewards being added at this point. There are pretty much no rewards that can plausibly be added at this point to get anyone who's already aware of the game off the fence. Increased growth in pledges at this point will almost certainly come entirely from either new people learning about the project (e.g., as it moves up the "Ending Soonest" roster here) or people finding extra post-holiday cash to boost their pledges. I would be happier with letting the manufacturer either build a cushion against bounced pledges, cost overruns, etc., or improve quality on the existing components at their discretion. Just my two cents. OK, how about instead of more stretch goals and better components (not that I want poor components), we let the poor sods who still have to produce this thing take the tiny sliver of profit that's left to have a great New Year's and enjoy producing this thing! By the way I love Ebay. No offence meant to those who do sell on Ebay. -1 New stretch goals We have everything on the mountain at this point put the rest into covering bounced pledges and improving components. It's official. Best day of the Kickstarter so far. @ Isaac Citron I agree with your post. Asking for more now would make us seem like greedy sods. As for those not signed on yet maybe they want your first born or your left n....... Sorry couldn't finish that word might offend someone. Oh don't even think of offering anything like that because some of the gamers I have met would take them and try and sell it on Ebay. If you're a USMC fan... now is the time to strike... looks like someone has given back a LTC (USMC tier). (One changed hands earlier today as well.) In any case, if you want "naming rights" for a Marine, you can get it for $325. I don't expect it to last long. Enough with the demand for more rewards. This campaign has been over the top! Happy New Year everyone!!! "If one is already pledged, what is the point of asking for more stretch rewards. Isn't it like saying just give me free stuff because I want them." You've basically hit the nail on the head there Issac. Given the wide array of free stuff we got thus far, I think we've already gotten a helluva deal (even without extra goals). +1 to better production value ^__^ @ Jeremy Fridy How about a game that has a card for every serviceman/ Woman that served in WW2. The objective would be to find the card of the nearest of kin who served. Wait ..... that was suggested before way in the past about the monster games that SPI put out and having a counter for each person who served in WW2. Just joking as I know you were. There is nothing stopping people from designing special sets. It's been done before. I am sure that this version of Up Front will be around for a long time to come and there will be more released for it. I look forward to some of the fan based scenarios which I am sure will be created for this Up Front. Maybe I don't fully understand "stretch rewards". I thought the purpose of stretch rewards was to convince potential backers to sign-on. If one is already pledged, what is the point of asking for more stretch rewards. Isn't it like saying just give me free stuff because I want them. My opinion is if this package of stretch rewards--including a leather-bound rulebook and a canvas messenger bag--isn't enough to convince someone to sign-on at this late date, I'm not sure what reasonably would. If Rik et. al decide to spend more money on production, I agree, let it be on artwork and thicker cards, for example. I'd rather see any extra money go towards paying Ron Volstad to draw the weapon cards, or simply improve the quality of the game material / box storage. The weapon art now looks good, but Ron's artwork is phenomenal! MORE STRETCH GOALS! Give me China! And um... Russian Partisans! Ummm... who else can we think of... A unique force, not just a unit, as cool as a 442nd Regimental Combat Team would be... Well we still have 40 hours to go. People who now join will definately get all the stretch rewards. 100% certainty will I am sure bring more backers. Well as they say the more the merrier. I am sure Rik has a very big grin at the moment. @ Charles Piccard Ok Charles I will look for you. Of course you can look for me as PVT in the Australian Army. This is good, I don't often get to play with gamers from oustide Australia. I promise I will be be gentle with you. Your card that is cause I will be palying with it a la natural. No card sleeves. Wow isn't the written word great you can have so much fun with words. He He. @Ben -- It is good to dream isn't it, hehehe..... Perhaps $300,000 provides card sleeves for everything? Booyeah!!!! You did it Rik and we get to reap the rewards! Out friggin' standing! -Ski @charles - we'll be teaming up @Craig... watch for me in the Devil's Brigade. Huzzah! Bags for all! @ Charles Picard Nice to see you here at the final goal. Or is it the final goal ......... Sorry no conspiracies on the internet, right. Snitch7 Yes people do love their Canvas Bags and guess what you will now have one of your own. I'll use it to carry gaming stuff. I certainly won't put it on an alter and worship it. What will be interesting is if the spike continues. It would tell what's driving the late pledging - stretch goals or the game itself. This looks set to become the best day of the Kickstarter in $$$. We've already have the highest number of backers in a single day (137+) Watch the Canvas Baggers go nuts............ Funny... I've always thought we'd finish up around $280K. Guess I was wrong. I'm not sure that more Goals are required or necessary. I'm happy if Rik & Co just get some more operating capital to work with! I mentioned on BGG that I felt the set was complete at the $180,000, but I'm so thrilled to see this make it all the way! I'm really glad I was able to get in on this, and I can hardly wait to receive everything. @ Esoba I'm sure you will be able to find opponents even if you have to teach some people to play. I'm also sure that the new version of Up Front will be converted to play online via something like Vassal. I would play against you when the online is up and running. You're in Alabama in I am not mistaken. Bit far for me to get to for face to face gaming. Not so far for electronic gaming. So now for this kickstarter lets see how far this puppy can go. And... there's the bag! more stretch goals needed :) with this dynamic I would say more than 3 :) If there is still some place for goodies, may I suggest Insert to sort cards in the box, with each nation insert having a resume of the nation cards hands, special rules and discards rules ? Looks like this one is "in the bag"! The bag is go! @ Rik a big public thankyou. @ Craig Vivian You are most welcome. Hellyeah! Congrats to all of us!! :P @Craig - Yeah, he has been on the ball with everything, so his information releases will keep me at bay. Also, I hope he puts out the next KS for the additional sets (i.e. China) somewhat soon, which will also keep my mind off of it. However, I am really hoping to find people to play with when it does come. @Charles - Thanks for the update! Swapped over from the Aussie LTC and am now able to fight for my home country! Not that I won't miss being an Aussie of course. So... who thinks for $300,000 they should have some fun with it and add a war films 'spoof' deck? oooooooooooo bag we did it yay I did it!! I want to thank all the others who helped me!!! We have arrived. That is Canvas Bags have arrived. Smoke em if you got em. woohoo!!!! Good job guys!!! @ Esoba Sorry. Yes the wait will be long but when the box arrives there will some partying in the Kremlin. I'm sure Rik like other Kickstarter creators will email all backers to keep us in the loop as to progress. After all this isn't Riks first Kickstarter. He is how you say no longer a virg..... newby. @Craig - Stop it, you're torturing me since we have to wait about 6 months to actually lay our hands on this. @ Gabe When you get Up Front your will get scenarios to play plus a section in the rules to design your own scenarios. The game will give virtually unlimited replay value. With all the different nationalities and specialist forces you can mix and match opponents as you see fit. You can create hypothetical matchups that didn't happen historically. USMC availability alert! looks like someone had given back a LTC (USMC) Tier... that means naming rights are up for grabs... A LTC USMC is open, so a new taker for that pledge would basically put us over the line. Come on fence sitters, you know you wanna. Ditto Milan. Looks like only 4 backers to go to get us over the line. Thanks Craig. Craig the way International shipping into Canada from the US works is either through the Post Office which has to charge a set fee for charging any tax or customs. Not all the packages are charged customs or tax either. versus UPS or other private courier or shipping companies which use private brokers that are not regulated so they charge about five times what the client on the recieving end would pay if it was simply shipped through US post and not UPS. All packages that go through UPS get dinged this way because that is how the brokers make money. UPS does not tell the shipper that the client will pay higher costs and avoid talking about the cross border process with the shipper by dismissing it as 'the customer has to pay the usual cross border fees' What they don't tell the shipper is that these fees are significantly higher than the regulated postal process. I always discuss this up front as a Game collector with my shippers and warn them about not sending anything to me by UPS. US Post is simpler and cheaper in the end. I would be happy to add extra postage to my pledge for shipping to Canada by US Post and not UPS. @ Esoba You answer is fine. Basically with what the new Up Front has will give people a chance to design a stack of scenarios. Tho old Up Front had this but now we have even more to work with. Maybe Rik could have a website under Radiant like DOW has for Memoir 44 for would be scenario designers to make available their scenario designs for all to download and play. Sorry can't recall if this was espoused but I do vaguely remember someone suggesting this way back in the posts. @Gabe Try this thread... <url>"Our forecast tool has us trending towards $298k as ours is NOT linear and compensates for a big 4 day push (historically between 20.5% and 34.4% of final funding raised for other "big" Kickstarted board games). But, it's just a forecast and if it's wrong, we''ll tweak it based on this campaign's results and do another campaign :-)" I'm thinking your tool is right on. You guys could sell that puppy to Kicktraq. Thanks Kevin. US Postal Service versus UPS makes a big difference for shipping to Canada. It is simply because UPS has a business model that contains private brokerage company fees in their cross border process while US Postal Service links directly into Canada Post and applies Customs fees by a specific agreed upon level. I think it is like $10 for US Post/Canada Post plus any fees while for UPS it is at least $50 plus fees. Wow - almost a $1000 in a matter of minutes - holy hannah! Under 2 grand to go! Way to go, supporters! On a side-note: I'm not sure who it was, but a Canadian on here mentioned USPS vs. UPS and I would like to 'thumb up' the comment. UPS is horrible to Canadians for importing ( easily doubling $60-100 purchases in fees for instance ). If at all possible, USPS is the way to go for us internationals. I go to bed for a few hours, wake up... and we've practically got it in the bag! We might have to ask what goals there are between here and $300,000.... @Darren Webber I'm impressed you have the means to redesign the redesign of Up Front cards. Just curios what games have you designed that have been published? I'm interested to take a look. As for Up Front I'll manage with what Rik publishes. Just in for 2 more M/SGT to bring me up to my limit of 3 copies. @John - like Bruno, please see update #26. Chinese would be a great stretch. @Esoba Thanks for the info :-) @Rik - My post is kind of confusing, so I guess I'm asking if we will be able to specify which country our name is associated with. @David Millette: Agreed. Adding sleeves as a goal is a terrible idea, and would be extremely counterproductive for the entire project in respect to deadlines, cost, etc. @Rik - Thanks for the info. So, if you will differentiate, how will the backers from the named Devil's tier be differentiated. For example, I would prefer to have the card my named person is associated with to be American. @Bruno - Check update #26. You will find an answer there. I think the best additionnal stretch goal should be the chinese army... Sleeves as an addtional stretch goal is unrealistic. The cost of providing them would be greater than the PVT ($40) tier even with the cheapest sleeves. They'd basically be paying you to order their game at those levels. Not sure how they're making any money at those levels with what's being offered even now.. I for one believe we've gotten plenty, although I would not turn down any additional stretch goals offered of course.... :>) BAG! BAG! BAG! BAG! We are cruising! In regards to the rallying cries for another stretch goal, I'm certainly not against it, but to expect them to toss in 3000 sleeves a piece for close to 2000 backers might be a bit much. We want these folks to make some good money on this project so they can put out some more games for us. Plus, if you give me free sleeves, I might actually feel like I have to sleeve all of those. Don't make me do it.... @Rik - For the Devil's Brigade is the nationality not going to matter, or it going to be 5 (Canadian) and 5 (US), or all 10 of either the US or Canada? Holy monkeys! So close now. Wow people were right about the whole spike at the end of campaigns. Yep, and heavy mortars achieved. Now a little under 5k till the bag. Wowza, a little over 5k till the bag. Nice! Sweet, thanks for the clarification RIk! So Rik, do you have anything else up your sleeves for the remaining 44 hours? Rik, can you clarify whether we'll receive them in tuck boxes as part of the KS, or is that *just* for retail? Ken - I could have written that exact same message. I guess after old gamers fade away . . . they come back:-) Less than $8,000 to get the Heavy Mortars and the Canvas Bag. I think we can do it!!! I bought the original with all the expansions many years ago and then sold them for a pretty penny on eBay about a decade ago. I never thought I'd see this game get reprinted, but I as so glad it's coming back and with all this great stuff to boot. Thanks Rik, I'm in for the $125 & cannot wait to watch my beloved French 501 City Fight in 4 squad go down in flames yet again... :) might even have the bag today... I am certain that someone will solve the sleeve problem, even if it means going to another size such as yu gi oh or a FFG supported size. I do want to know early if anything changes again, but I was impressed with the personal email from Rik, and the obvious desire to make a good job of this. last stretch goal... downloadable templates for tuck boxes for each nationality. I also think a final out of the park stretch goal would be fun. At the rate we are going we will have the bag with over a day to go. Okay, thanks to my French-Canadian heritage, I could not in the end resist snagging the second to last Devil's Brigade CPT - FSSF. I've been watching from afar while I've been spending time out of time with family. And my how things have exploded! I'd be fine without another goal beyond the bag, even if they just collect extra capital after we hit the last stretch reward. At a certain point, adding MORE stuff will only delay the delivery time (which its sure to do at this point given the number of extras). On top of that, I would prefer everyone in loved gets paid for their effort, and the best quality materials get used in the printing process. More stuff makes the game attractive for buyers, but freebies only complicate things for the publisher. Speaking to the "availability of sleeves", here is a post on BGG (<url>"There are only 49 hours left ..." is like the closing line of the episodes of Starblazers, will be able our heroes to arrive to Iskandar, opsss... to get the canvas bag ? ^____________________^ Gabe, as long as you pledge private ($40) you should be able to get all stretch rewards. Although I highly recommend pledging M/Sgt ($125) as it is by far the best value. which pledge tiers get the bag, if that gets unlocked? is it only an add-on? So, down from needing $500 an hour to $350ish... the low point yesterday was $330ish per hour. Still, not a bad slip overnight... I'm really thinking that this bag could be a reality! Mountain Deck!! Yes!! One more day like today, and we're through! Thanks Matt! I recalled seeing that info before, but couldn't lay my finger on it.. The rulebook will be bound leather, pdf files will be made available online for those who want to make a "living" binder $300k reward = last minute rush! Any hope? So was there ever a final (official) decision made on the leather rulebook? Are we getting bound or a binder...? 300k messenger bag converted to a Duluth Pack! Messenger Bag may have to be changed for a Rucksack with this many cards. :) YAY! We got the Devil's Brigade!!! I'm soooo happy for that! It's Monday here.. I'm in it for the bag. The cards can be firelighters. Just goes to show how diverse the opinions can be on here..... Sunday is usually KS slowest day to. Makes even more impressive. Well, since for backers in one day, today has been the biggest of the KS. Pretty impressive! well we'll need to transport the game so we can play it yah see? Only if it had a cool game logo on it and fit 3000 cards nicely. Someone should start a kickstarter for CANVAS BAGS. They'd make a killing! Paul, can I have your bag!?!? The bag is the top of the hill... You have to rush the top of the hill! What is it with everyone's obsession over a CANVAS BAG!!! I want the card game thanks. Weird. $400/hr will *just* get us there, it looks like. @Ski - Yeah, especially if he opens up the DB for naming. Man, it is really looking like we are going to hit that $275k! -Ski Nice updates. this KS is really on the ball with updates. I much appreciate that. Or you go for commissary level which is 6 copies @Andre from what what they have said and you would have to go back a few pages to find it, but you are allowed to buy your pledge copy and upto 2x extra copies beyond that. Hey, anything to increase the pledges. I mean, that tier would be sweet for gifts or reselling, since you would make a killing reselling the extra copies. Ok thank I did not get that far . Thank for pointing it out.! We got the mountains! Yay! Probably grenades, and hopefully mortars and the bag. What's left that *isn't* among the stretch goals already? I can think of big things like aircraft and heavy artillery, but those are kind of above the scale of a squad skirmish game. If we're getting enough counters for three simultaneous games, some rules for linking up to make a 4-6 player platoon game might be nice, but I'm thrilled with how much stuff is getting thrown in already. @andre - the 600 is a pledge in itself @Paul Schwartz I thought you could only buy a maximum of two copies. Have things changed. I would boost my pledge up to $600 if I could. I would like to confirm exactly how many copies, EXACTLY , one can buy in total and at maximum. Oh yeah!! Two more days like today and we have the bag. For the first time I'm thinking it might happen! @ SantanzChild The bag I got for DDD is very tough and extremely well made. From the photo of the Up Front bag, it looks like the same bag, except for the color and graphics. It's getting cold up here. Could we be closing in on some mountains? So freaking close to the devils Need the bad.... Needs to be sturdy too! Not sure how much 3000 cards are going to weigh but I see torn seams if not designed properly.... Kicktraq has us trending for $265K, but projects $255-$295. If we hit the middle of that projection zone, we just barely make it to the bag. It seems that we will be seeing the Devil's Brigade! Sweet! I agree. There will be a lot of gamers who missed the KS ready to throw $ at you for a chance to get the full set with all the stretch goals You should have zero trouble selling the game for much more than that on Ebay. Look how much copies of D Day Dice went for when it first came out. hello wanted to get some opinions to ease my mind a little. I am in for the 6 copies at 600 and was thinking i would not have any trouble getting my 100 dollars back in case those that i am buying for do not come through and get stuck with an extra copy. Would i be correct in thinking that any comments thanks @Isaac - I'm hoping he waits a couple of months, since my wallet is going to be hurting from this and Kingdom Death for a little bit. Maybe by February I'll be stocked up and ready again. Rik, you mentioned that you intend to launch other Up Front kickstarters, such as Korea and something to do with the Arab-Israeli conflict. Do you know (and wish to share) which will be next? Do you want to add a poll to the post-campaign questionnaire? Thanks to all for the clarification. I thought that if it had been asked, it would have been much sooner..... Anyway I'm out to do some shopping so I hope I get a nice surprise when I get back in a few hours that we have the Devils Brigade in the bag. Bye to all. Have fun and be nice to each other. @Matt I was only working on what is listed as stretch goals. If all card stretch goals are reached value at Riks minimum price settings he provided would be $440. The bag is just icing on the cake. If we get passed that and reach other stretch goals well it would sparklers on the icing on the cake. If we reach what Rik is predicting there may be two more goals after the bag reached if offered. So people if you can afford the M/SGT level for $125 plus postage if applicable I would give pledging at that level some serious consideration. Sorry I miss calculated that. Its actually $416. Missed adding the Alternate cower card stretch. Depending on what "stretch" rewards get offered later as expansions, you might be getting more like $425 (using Rik's low estimates) worth of stuff for $125. Probably higher if you buy at your FLGS, probably lower if you buy online. But still quite a good deal! @ Ski we sure look like doing that. The value of this kickstarter is amazing at Riks minimum pricing you get $404 value a Devils Brigade stretch level that is if you pledge M/SGT level for $125. Even if you have to pay maximum freight of $45 to bring total pledge to $170 it is still fantastic. If / when reach two other card stretches it adds another $24 in value at minimum. Finally if we make the bag then who knows. Sweet! We are going to slam that $250k stretch! -Ski From Rik about 30 posts ago Base game $49.95 5 major action expansions and Devil's Brigade $25 to $30ish each Minor nationalities and other expansions $12 to $15ish each Those sound like the numbers I have seen Eric, it's been asked before, but no worries! The $125 pack with all the additional stretch goals added in should cost $350+ when it's all in retail. I think the base game will be ~49.99 and the major expansions will be ~25-30, while the minor nations will be ~15-20. Someone can correct me if I'm wrong If this has been asked before, I'm sorry. Any idea how much the expantsions will cost at retail? In other words, will I regret not buying all the major powers now? Welcome :) Thank you! Correct Marcus Just to be sure, I am in at $200, and if I wanted a second complete set, I would add another $125 to my pledge, correct? (I am in the US). Component wise this edition of Up Front is starting to rival for top spot even over my old mega SPI games like Europe at War. This is truly taking on epic proprtions. Good thing you don't play with all the cards at once. The number of combinations of clashes you can fight / recreate is stagering. And for those who have pledged 2 x M/SGT level the number of cards becomes truly enormous. It is probable that one complete set of everything including all stetch goals will take us over 3000 cards. I posted a reply from Rik about the additional card sets yesterday that did not have card numbers listed. See at end on my post Rik's take on number of cards for sets not listed with any. Based on those numbers he gave an estimation on then we will pass 3000 cards per complete set. Good thing I decided not to sleeve I would be a skeleton proped up by the time I finished. It took me a long time just to sleeve all of MNBattles and its two expansions and that was only 400 plus cards. Rik's reply "Alternate Weapons will be quite a few...close to 100 if not more. If we are to allow someone to play a scenario with the shotgun in the City deck, we need to allow for each soldier to have a shotgun. Or, if we use a less reliable rifle... As for Medics/Minesweepers and Heavy Mortars, a good estimate is 2 cards per nationality. In other words, LOTS more cards." I hope this helps with trying to calculate number of cards for those who like to do these exercises. Note this does not say anything about Alternate Cower Card Numbers. @John Pole Whoa. That is a lot of cards Approx. $500/hour will bring home the bag. That should be achievable with such a great package for the price! If my math is correct (and I think it is), once we hit the 250K mark (which looks like it will happen today!) those of us pledging at the M/SGT level ($125) or higher will be receiving 2677 cards, plus however many cards are included in the Medics and Minesweepers and Alternate Weapons sets (no specific numbers are listed). Wow Well, if we reach the bag, I will definitely be happy, but as long as we make all the game components that'll make for an awesome new year. Plus being able to combine DDD, AIYP, and UP FRONT, just means there will be some marathon sessions at my table with my game group. Come on Devil's Brigade!! Devils Brigade and Mountain pack. A good reason to up the pledges to at least 125 tier. The bag is coming :D Nearly half way to the next level in 4 hours. This kickstarter is moving along at a very good pace. @Marc Adda UpFront represents an opportunity for me to tech my 14 yo son and has gaming group something of WW2 small unit actions. At least they will see the uniforms of various combatants and weapons and equipment in a visual format. Sadly the teaching of History in Australian Public Schools is being watered down and sanitised to such an extent that it is virtually worthless. We don't even teach anything about Australians military involvement in WW1 or WW2. It has gotten so bad that a person I worked with who came here from Russian and had their schooling here up to the end of University firmly believed that Australia did not fight in WW1 and WW2. Nothing I could say would change her mind. She said that they never studied any Australian History apart from our Aboriginal Heritage. And to think I wanted to be a history teacher because of all the great history I learnt when I went to school in the 60's and 70's. @Marc Adda I just looked at your profile by clicking on your name. Saw the location you were at and looked it up. Saw google map and noticed Fort D'Ivry. So I just had to ask. I have the book Annals of a Fortress by Viollet-le-Duc. Good read on history of evolution of a fort and it has the Star Fort phase. We have only a few forts here in Australia. Some colonial 1800's and then WW2. Nothing like what Europe has. I have been to Turkey and was given a private tour of a fort in the old walls of Constantinople (Istanbul). I envy the Europeans as to all the historical sites you have. Playing a simulation on a battle is one thing but being able to visit the location is priceless. Pictures and words can do only so much. So if I wanted to pick up two more tiers at my existing level, I would go to manage my pledge and increase the total pledge amount for the cost of the two extra sets and the extra shipping amount for each or is there somewhere that I indicate that I am subscribing to multiple sets? Rik: If we do not get to the $275k needed for the bag, since you have another Up Front KS campaign planned, will you re-offer the bag at that campaign? When do you plan to do the next KS campaign and approx. how many nations and action cards do you have planned? Anti-tank dogs, pretty sure those will be included in the Soviet expansion. On a red RNC the dog runs back to its group and the mine detonates. New update with alternate weapons. Thanks Rick! But I didn't see any nailcutters. How can that can have been forgotten! This user's account has been deleted. If this would've ended two weeks later, i probably could have gone in for the whole $125. I think i'd need about two years for the $2500. This user's account has been deleted. The cost for base + all majors and all minors should be close to 390$ in average, discounting goodies like the leather rulebook, medics, HMG, special vehicles, etc. A real bargain! This user's account has been deleted. @Mike: There is still a vacant slot at 2500$. :-) Yeah! Looking forward to some Mountain action! -Ski Excellent. $40 i can handle, and then i could pick up the other major expansions down the road. Was it ever stated what the additional nationalities will likely retail for after the fact? This unfortunately isn't the best time of year for me money-wise. Oh, the time to go went from days to hours... 69 hours now. @Craig:Paris is hot for the season, about 10°C whan we should expect less than 0. I live not only near Fort d'Ivry, I live in Ivry. He he. How do you know it? If the 500 per hour average of yesterday is kept up it will just break the 275k milestone by the end. :) Likely I'll be pushing up my pledge in a short bit (after already doing so earlier). @Shane These weapons are awesome! I'd love to have a nailcutter, THAT is a weapon!!! ;-) I now find myself selfish and want it all. Does that make me evil? Or does it make Rik evil? Bring on the alt weapons. Please tell me they include these: <url>#chart-daily @Daniel: I agree with you, and I know your heart is in the right place, but I only worry that the rules might suffer from too much outside tinkering. Damned if you do, damned if you don't. I too would like this game to be all that I can — but the prospect of quarrels over verbiage or conceptual semantics makes me feel queasy. Besides, who gets the final say in the end? #hypotheticals #imreallytired #maybeyoureright i guess he could put the book out for a few days for who ever wants to take a quick look at it might catch something worth while. And who says they have to use any of the suggestions. Wont be hearing from me i dont have time to do it The discussion on the Ogre ruleset was a grand total of 100 replies. I believe this covered both the rules and the scenario book. That discussion found and fixed a few errors that had slipped by the internal proofreaders. . It was just a friendly suggestion to help make this project the best that it could be. who in the heck has the time to read that book over and over to find little errors word changes. If you have that much extra time you need to get a life thanks for the answer email sent personally, it has reassured me somewhat, I did wonder if you would release tuck box templates as a stretch goal so we could make our own tuck boxes for sleeved cards so I can take just the cards I need for a game? I have to agree with Shane. It could prove to become a logistical nightmare to have every Tom, Dick, and Harry run off at the mouth over why their own particular iteration is perfect above all others. I'm not saying crowd sourced rules can't work, but Up Front has been around nearly 30 years — I can't imagine that anything needs to be tweaked beyond the odd bit of grammar to clarify the meaning of certain rule mechanics. After all, it's not like anything is getting designed from the ground up (save for the new action decks and some of the stretch goal factions). Are you kidding Daniel? Can you imagine the endless threads of people certain that they know exactly how things should be worded, typeset, shortened,expanded, etc? It would be a nightmare. Look at how much debated card size has generated. @Rik. It's unfortunate that you feel that way about the ruleset. My concern is less over grammar and more over outright rule errors, clarity, and formating. It helped Steve Jackson get the Ogre ruleset in top shape for the upcoming reprint, and that is an old and mature set of rules. @Rik, the expansions and stretch goals will be available for purchase separately after the kickstarter right? Now officially the 3rd best pledge day of the KS! If I want a 80 level and a 40, do I simply pick the $80 radio button and enter $120 in the amount box? @Esoba: look back at the conversation with Andre McInnis about 5 days ago. Rik confirmed Andre's understanding that each tier comes with all the extras but you can only order two additional copies. Ok, I finally found the official answer to my question. Jacob asked, "@Rik, just wanted to check. If I order anther copy of the game by adding onto my pledge level, do I get the stretch rewards for both my primary pledge and the secondary? That is, do I get two copies of the stretch rewards? Thanks!" Rik then responded, "@ Jacob - Yes, you get two copies of EVERYTHING." That means that yes you get all the stretch goals when you get two of an appropriate tier. Since I believe we will hit the canvas bag I'm also going to assume that you get an extra one, since Rik responded with EVERYTHING all in nice caps. Anyways, going to update my pledge cause of this. Way to freaking good a deal to pass up. Within the "Manage Your Pledge" section, how do you add pledge two different tiers? I am currently committed to the $80 level, but would like to add another pledge at a different tier. Thanks for any advice anyone can give! thanks for suggesting I buy a second copy, that would just mean I had two copies to sleeve. I'm unemployed at the moment and I am using some of my financial reserves to get good value - as a card and war gamer who enjoys fun and deep games as well as table top miniatures games, this seems to fit right in. @richard - I'm assuming that is an answer for me. If so, can you point me to the place that it was officially confirmed? I have checked every one of Rik's comments and all the updates and unless I'm blind I cannot find it. All that I have found stated by Rik is that you can order multiple tiers as long as you pay shipping if not in the USA. Yes! I know this has been asked, but I having trouble locating it. If you get 2 copies of the M/SGT tier do both tiers come with all of the stretch goals as well? Thanks for all the info guys. I appreciate it, and I will definitely consider pledging for a second complete set. I do think we will hit $275k especially if we can get to $240k tonight, I think that another video explaining all of the components would be awesome, especially since the AIYP video was done extremely well and really caught your attention and wet your appetite for the game. Slight correction to what Keegan said: I believe you can get up to two additional tiers (of the unlimited tiers). So, you could get a total of 3 copies. That's how I read it anyhow. Basically, some tiers have limited quantities. Those are prohibited from adding multiple copies. The basic pledge tiers (without a limit) can be multiplied. @ Daniel Platenberg Just increase the pledge amount for $125 via the pledge manager and follow through. Just ensure that the M/SGT level is still ticked. You will be at M/SGT lvl for $250. Yes I think it will be well worth it. Okay, well let's hope the paycheck comes today so I can up my pledge tonight :) See the "can I buy multiples of a single tier" FAQ: Yes, you can - provided the pledge tier you selected isn't limited to certain number of backers (ie X of 10 remaining). If your pledge tier is not capped, you can buy up to 2 of the same pledge, just double your amount by clicking the blue "manage my pledge" button on the right side of the page. For Canadian, European, and other international customers, there is a slight discount for shipping fees when doubling your pledge. See the FAQ for more. Well I put money where Daniel's idea was and added another complete M/SGT level plus second copy postage. I'm in now for $420 including $70 in postage and a named PVT card. I am not going to bother with sleeves. I am happy with this decision. This way I get better value for $ spent and can now host up to six games at once for Up Front. This will cover all players in my son's gaming group and still include myself an my gaming buddy Peter Schutze. @Daniel: That is my understanding; just double your pledge amount. It is what I did, btw. So I hope I have this right. I pledged for the M/SGT $125 and I am in the US so if I wanted to add another M/SGT set I would simply add another $125 or would I have to create a new account. I don't know if I can swing another whole set, but as it stands it would be the absolute best value with all the stuff we will eventually hit by Jan. 2. Hmmmm decisions decisions. @ Daniel Gillette You may very well be wright about buying a second copy may be cheaper. I calculated my costs of sleeving all and as we are going to reach more stretch goals it will tip over into the realm of pledge another M/SGT level $125 lvl + postage $25 will be cheaper. So I will most likely ditch sleeving and grab a second full set as well as stretch goals. I doubt I will wear out 2 full sets. If Rik goes ahead with what was proposed in Update #26 I will be on board for that and I would rather place money into Up Front material to play with then plastic sleeves. Thanks for the idea it is much appreciated. @ Marc Adda You are most welcome. @Craig: Thanks for the info. I thought since the beginning that I pledged correctly and I was wrong. I corrected the pledge by adding the shipping cost and ordered via amazon. At the cost of sleeving this game you might as well just buy a second copy of the game, it looks like it will be cheaper. anyway I am still backing for now, because someone might have sorted sleeving and binders by release, and if they have not then I might flog it to someone who does not mind or just leave it on the shelf. Anyway it is great to wake up and see the total to $232,206 thanks for all the comments, I'm glad I'm not the only person who is a bit obsessive compulsive about sleeves. I am looking online for quality opaque backed sleeves, but have realised that I do not know if the cards are double sided? I am also concerned about readability since as over forty I'm starting to struggle with smaller print, and would think that standard sized poker or bridge cards would be easier to read. I can get yugioh sleeves fairly cheap, and I wonder if that is an option they can explore. I have also realised that my previous estimate of costs was wrong since I calculated all sleeves at same price based on same size.... and I can pick up card sleeves for the action decks locally. (this assumes that the action decks are still poker sized) after shipping and handling its coming to 130 dollars just for sleeves for all the personality and weapon cards ... then have to add another 40 pounds for import and handling of customs. Is there a possibility that some quality sleeves will be designed for this game? I was managing a Retail Games shop when Magic The Gathering started. It drove the sleeving accessories. They were needed as MTG players tended to play anywhere anytime and playing surfaces were not necessarily card friendly. I never played the game. However, it did start me sleeving games I had where the cards were used a lot. I like Paul Lebowitz date prior to MTG as gamers. I go back to 1978 for my first strategy (wargame). So I have seen a lot of changes in the industry over time. The big thing back in my day were counter trays and dice. Would the box be big enough to hold counter trays aka SPI. The type of lid was a point also. Did it cover the whole tray or just click in place on top. We didn't have the means of instant communication you have today. We hardly ever got the chance to influence design parameters. If the games rules didn't work we just made house rules. Errata was a regular thing and you needed to by the companies House magazine to get it. So subscription was the only way to guarantee that. Sorry for long post but the point I am making is that there is always something in the hobby that has lets say enlightened discussion. Tomorrow will probably bring a new set of discussion points. You can only please some of the people some of the time. I know as a old hand game retailer that it is impossible to please all the gamers all of the time. What one likes another hates but hey thats the value of being able to choose. One size does not fit all if you will excuse the pun. Well from my math you would need to buy 46 packs of sleeves at a price of about $3 per pack which would be probably close to $150 after shipping/and or tax. However, supposedly the sleeves are a much higher quality than most others sold from my research today. However, I wonder if a good alternative would be to buy card binders like the kind you use for baseball cards and such to separate the cards not in use and also organize by nation/scenario/favorite units or fireteams. Well, we have until June to figure it all out lol I've had the original game since it was released, and my action deck is practically worn out. I wish sleeves were available back then. @Marc Adda Marc you had to enter your pledge amount including postage in the box at the top then click the level you wanted to pledge at. I thought before that you had just clicked the pledge level when you said that the amount only went up $125. For us international backers we have to include the postage in the pledge. This is the way to do it. All you have to do is go to the pledge manager and change the value in the box to $160 and make sure that the M/SGT level is still marked and then proceed through. This will fix your pledge amount. I suppose I can see that I'm 30 started and started my card gaming with magic so sleeves have always been there. I have ruined more then one rare in the coarse of gaming I sleeve everything now. Re: sleeves. The original game predates Magic the Gathering and the collectible card game craze. The first ten years I played Up Front avidly at conventions, I didn't see one sleeved set. My original action deck - mind you, there was only one - is playable to this day. The soldier cards are appropriately battle scarred. I want the feel of cards in my hands, not plastic. In other words, sleeves don't firgure for many old fans of the game. I will sleeve stuff that gets a lot of shuffling, but the majority of cards here will never be shuffled, so unless these are printed on poor quality materials there should be zero need to sleeve anything but the action decks. All these people that dont sleeve there cards amazes me.... I dont know maybe I am just really hard on my games but I have learned from my mistakes and these things will be sleeved one way or another before they see a single play. Again, I prefer a more standard sized card for sleeving purposes, but I've thought about this some more. I will not be withdrawing my pledge. The more I think about it the more I'm okay with the thought of going with the cheap Mayday Games sleeves for the personality and weapons cards since they are not played out of hand and only sit on the table. I would of course go with the premium sleeves if they were available, but I can live with the cheaper standards sleeves if need be. Im generally not a fan of cross promoting kickstarter projects in comments, but theres one game that i have found recently that needs just a little bit more help to make its goal, and i thought it would appeal to people of the up front KS. Its a tactical card based game also, just set in a modern day theme! <url>— not a piece of protective Mylar plastic. I for one don't plan to sleeve any cards, as they often tend to make stacking decks troublesome (the air cushion between the cards tend to make decks slide around when stacked). Again, I think Rik and the team shouldn't worry as much about the dimensions (pick a suitable size that is compatible with after market game sleeves — leave the consumer to pick a compatible sleeve that they like). It's more important, to me at least, that the new game rules, card layout, and item stats, work and look perfect than trying to find a size that suits everyone. No one will like every size option. As long as 3rd party suppliers offer something that fits, I'm happy with whatever final dimension makes Up Front *fun* and playable. ^__^ About the SS, I remember buying a history book about the Das Reich in Jerusalem... It has never been a problem with me, I play with/against them, after all it's just a game. Another problem seems to arise about my pledge. It seems that I had to add the shipping cost to my pledge. Is that so? Because I clicked on the MSGT for 125$ (the 125$ was automatic) and my pledge didn't amount to 160$ for the shipping cost. Did I miss something? It would be really cool if we exceed $10K in pledges today! Already it is at $8.6K and it is still just midday. :-) If you guys are working with Mayday to make a premium sleeve for the soldier/weapon cards, that's actually really impressive and I'll shut up about the size issue. @Darren - I respect differences of opinion. However, and this is only my opinion, not buying this game simply because it may be difficult to get the sleeves is like passing on a Honus Wagner baseball card you find at a garage sale for 25 cents simply because you can't think of anything at home to put it in until you can find something better. Plus, you can always buy it at a store later. It will just be a bit more expensive. thanks for the reminder, I felt bullied by those people that were saying no one was making me sleeve the cards. I have contacted rik directly to ask further questions. Reminder: please be respectful and considerate with your postings! and I would hate for the promised game not to be made. but the faq has from the very beginning suggested a size, that is now changed. I do not care what you do with your cards, you can play with them in the toilet for all I care... but I sleeve mine, and do not play unsleeved games, and a game I cannot play is not needed. Sleeving a card game is a very common practice. If non-standard dimensions are chosen, people are going to be concerned that they cannot purchase sleeves easily for the game. It is an issue, regardless of what some people are saying. I know I'm currently reconsidering my pledge simply based on that. @Darren Webber Nothing was stated that the card sizes were finalized. And no one is forcing you to buy sleeves. You also should not factor in the cost of sleeves as a part of the game. My biggest concern at this point (excluding legal issues) is that the rulebook is released before going to print so that it can be gone over with a fine toothed comb before being committed to leather. If they are relying on internal proofreaders only I can guarantee that we will find errors in the book on day one. We need official confirmation on the card sizes - as for the moment - we have three (Tarrot/ SCG/ Custom STD American (smaller)). FAQ is still not updated and it should be basic source of the information in case of confusion (not mentioning official confirmation). Gentelmen - it's not about pleasing all - it's about following the commitment that has been made in the begining of the campaign. If it changes - it would be nice that all the sources of the information are up to date. Well I for one am happy to have DDD, AIYP, and UF to play. Don't care about protecting cards, because I lock all my games in huge water proof crash proof bins. As I said earlier in the campaign simply wake me up in June. Bravo Rik I am patiently waiting for two great games. Thank you. I am fine with smaller personality/weapon card size. But the FAQ in the front page regarding card size needs to be updated for less confusion... There have been a lot of legitimate concerns with regard to this project, and I've been a critic of many of them on BGG. But lets be honest here, if the biggest complaint right now is that people prefer the cards to be resized a few mm in one direction or the other than there really isn't much to complain about is there? I'm sorry if you are offended by someone promising to deliver something for eighty percent of the time this kickstarter has been running and then at the final moment go back on it. if you had said from the first that it would cost me over three hundred pounds to sleeve the game because you had chosen to use non standard sleeves I would have factored that into my purchase. I am seeking confirmation that - action deck is still going to be the original promised size. that opaque sleeves in the correct colours will be available for reasonable prices in countries that are not the USA That alternative sizes that take advantage of the availability of ready made quality sleeves have not been ruled out. ( I am a card gamer and all games are sleeved before playing, so if I get this and cannot sleeve it, then it will not get played and I will probably be more unhappy. I feel guilty for withdrawing my pledge, but the creators should feel guilty for not delivering on their promises at the start of this process. I do not like the idea of weapon and personality cards being full sized. @Paul: I believe the SS are based on what Tom Cundiff had come up with previously and are far from romanticizing them. As I understand it, there are three eras or types of SS in the expansion. So the number of cards have much to do with getting the equivalent of three sets of soldiers. Medics have arrived! I feel better already :-) We've got the Medics and Minesweepers! Considering all the debate that has taken place during this campaign, I think having Medics on board to dispense aspirin seems timely. BTW - I >love< the artwork on the personality cards/weapons, and I like the idea of smaller cards. Just backed. Up Front is my all time favorite. I'm thrilled to see the game so lovingly revived. I'm not convinced discarding relative range for the new distance concept is intuitive or elegant. I'd grown so used to the old way, it will feel strange for a time. Nor do I understand the romanticism of the SS. Never have, and I've played wargames since 1980. 101 SS personality cards is excessive. Save the indignation, I know I don't have to play them. If the game's original repugnant box art didn't put me off, those cards certainly won't. @Richard, I agree. I am glad it is Rik and not me that has to attempt to placate 1562 different voices right now. I'm just happy to have a reprint. It seems like reasonable accommodations have been made for sleeving but without sacrificing the desired end state-- a great looking game with great layout. @Isaac That could be correct, I will wait for Rik to verify that one. This is getting confusing now. I understood that it was only the personality and weapon cards that were being changed to 54x80. That all the action decks would remain at 2 1/2" x 3 1/2" (63.5 x 88.9 MM). (And, the AFV cards remain at 70x100). Oh dear, I would hate to have to design a game to meet the particular imperatives of every possible customer! Sure as they say they will redo the size to one of the larger ones suggested, we will have another crowd complaining that the footprint will be too big. Personally, I prefer that sleeve concerns NOT be a primary driver in the redesign decisions made for this KS. They should be accommodated as reasonably as possible, which I think they have. @Darren Webber Rik has already stated that the personality, weapons, and action cards will be 54x80 and the AFV cards will be 70x100. +1 @Esoba. I sport the choices Rik's team have made. The discussion further down the string illustrates some of the benefits of this choice and we'll simply have to accept that not everyone is going to see their every preference realized in this project. It's shaping up to be a beautiful product and anyone who chooses to withdraw is missing out. LoL....there's some people in every group. No worries Rik most everybody here is behind you and what you are doing. You cannot cow tail to every persons desire. what has happened, we were promised standard sized cards, and now at almost the final moments, we are told that we are going to a non standard size. I always use standard sized cards, and use opaque sleeves. Will we be able to get all the opaque backs in the appropriate colours. I will withdraw my pledge if we do not get appropriate confirmation, or a return to proper sized cards, and make my own fan version that uses the proper card sizes. let's have some answers so we know that proper sleeves will be available. especially for us not able to get other than standard sleeves in the UK. I had to buy some tarot sleeves for a game and it cost almost twice as much as the game because of the import duties we had to pay. On the pesonality card, someone mentioned that the soldier's arm ought not invade the border space as it does. Someone else mentioned that it generates an appealing 3D effect. Looking at the card, I agree. It really does seem as if the soldier stands out from the card and I find it all the more aesthetically appealing. In fact, looking at the combination of the personality and weapon cards, the more I look at it the more I like it.. Some people are happy to play off of a speadsheet. I'm not in that camp. This looks like it will be one of the best looking games I've seen in a long while. As for the Band of Brothers personality cards, great idea. I'm just happy the game is getting reprinted sleeve issue or not. Thank you Rik for taking on this project. I never had the opportunity to own this game before so I'm thankful I'll get my hands on this classic. As someone else said, "wake me up in June." Isaac...great information! They also have several 3 Kingdoms games I have not seen, so an order to them is likely in the near future. I'll have to check, but if they also have 2x2 sleeves then I will be set for the near future... I'm with you Milan. While the bag is nice I am more concerned about having the full set of weapons such as the Rifle Grenades and Heavy Mortars. Rik said: "We are trying to work with Mayday game to see if they will produce a premium sleeve for the 54 x 80 cards." You guys are too much...amazing can do attitude. As has been posted, MayDay works with Swan Panasia, another company that does make a "premium" 54x80 sleeve. I ordered a pack last night and will report back. if we stay at this average of 148$ pledge/backer, We'll need about 1860 backers to hit the bag.... @ Grant I agree 100% with your post. Rik, you cannot please all of the people all of the time. You are doing a fine job. I hope the occasional tone and preciousness of the comments in this section do not put off potential backers It is a great game in any case and I am just grateful the conundrum of publishing it has been resolved. A great achievement. I will support Rik on whatever card sizes he will decide to go with however I would love to have standard sized cards. @Rocco I will second what you said. The slightly smaller format of the Personality card and Weapon card is a great space saver. The action deck with the standard format makes them easy to pickup and hold play. The AFV card also gives a sense of a larger weapon of war. I have many different games which have several different card sizes in the one game. As for sleeving them, yes that can be a bit of a challenge with different sizes but not that much of a challenge. Mayday are selling a premium sleeve for the Catan sized cards which they are getting from a company in Tawain. The company in Tawain has a website which you can order through. <url>"premium" line. We'll see. Plus, there is free worldwide shipping on 15 packs or more, which is great. The cards "in hand" would be the action deck cards, which will not be same size as the personality and weapon cards. Pretty sure in the FAQ is where you'll find the action deck card size. I guess at the end of the day, Catan vs a larger size: we're only talking a difference of 8-10 mm between different sizes. They will certainly feel different in hand, but its not a lot of realestate lost (I suppose) if the smaller size is used. Besides, I'm sure the Catan sizing will make fitting all 2.5K+ cards in the box that much easier! Standard quality... I meant. I ordered sleeves from them for my fan print that was odd sized. I'm happy with their quality and I ordered the standard size. what about these they any good <url>"Settlers" sized sleeves (MDG-7109) from MayDay. As usual it was postponed a lot. I finally got them and they are standard MayDay fare. They are part of their "standard" line which is sub-par compared to most other brands' sleeves (Player's Choice, UltraPro, Fantasy Flight Games, MAX, etc.) You're right, the MayDay sleeves vary in width and height. They come 100 per pack and I threw out about 5-10 per pack. But, mostly they're thinner and flimsier. The other choice for 54x80 is from UltraPro. I like their sleeves but don't buy them because they're 50% more expensive than any other good sleeve (like from FFG). So, now I'm wondering whether I want to chase after the UltraPros with all the other sleevers and pay the premium price, or just drop out of the KS campaign. I love what they're doing with the cards and the whole campaign. I'm not happy about being forced (in my choices) to buy one specific brand of accessory. Consider a visit to boardgamegeek.com to thumb the images of the new personality cards to get them to the front page of the 'geek for some good publicity! Here's the link: <url>"I stand corrected. Mayday now shows a special 54mm X 80mm "narrow catan" sleeve." This size is only available with their standards sleeves, which is not a good quality sleeve. Their premium sleeves are 125% thicker, but the 54x80 size is not available in premium. Also, I'm a bit nervous about the size of the card being the exact size of the sleeve. I've ordered many Mayday sleeves and they are not always exact. It's better to have an extra mm here and there with Mayday sleeves in my opinion. That is brilliant Matt. Why are some of the simplest things the easiest to overlook? You could also tuck the weapon card fully into the sleeve when you're done playing for those that don't want to fiddle with finding the right weapon cards before playing. Someone on the geek suggested sleeving the personality cards, then sliding the weapon cards into the personality sleeve (ie, the sleeve would open to the bottom not the top of the personality card) thus preventing bumping chaos. I have never considered sleeving card games even for a split second - until now. A stroke of brilliance! I'm in and excited in any case, but I am a bit disappointed at the smaller size. I hope the action deck cards will still be the larger size as it's much easier on my poor eyes. Re: sleeves - I know there are compulsive "slleevers", and I can definitely see it for action decks. Personality and weapon cards just don't get that much handling though. Those who haven't played might want to consider actually playing before going to a lot of trouble sleeving these as it seems a lot of expense and effort for little gain to me (not much of a "sleever anyway though:-). Rik, send you a message. Need a reply soon if possible. thanks! Jeff @Darren, I don't think you'll have a problem with those SS cards in UK. Those cards could be a problem in Germany and Israel. We are going to need it. @ Kevin Thanks for the info on the card sleeve situation. Definately no need to cut the sleeves then. Hope Mayday has plenty of stock. Their going to need it. @ Kevin Your right I won't cut 2000 plus card sleeves. I'll just leave the sleeves as is. I have had oversized sleeves for some of my older card based games as they aren't standard sized. Hasn't affected play. Still protects the cards fine. On a rainy day if I have nothing better to do I may cut them. Cross that bridge when time comes. Until then I am happy that Rik has given us a peak at the Personality and Weapon cards. I stand corrected. Mayday now shows a special 54mm X 80mm "narrow catan" sleeve. I can't believe that this game is going to use non-standard cards (54mm X 80mm). No company makes that size except Settlers of Catan. Mayday Games says to use their purple sleeves which are 56mm X 87mm and to cut off the tops of the sleeves. Heck they won't even fit snug in the sleeve with a 2mm of extra space. You're crazy thinking that people are going to cut more than 2000 card sleeves for your game. @ Daniel Welcome aboard. Wooo. I'm the 1500th backer! Yey 1500 backers. @ John Nichols and all. Rik has responded on card numbers for some sets that currently don't have them listed. Here is Riks reply Alternate Weapons will be quite a few...close to 100 if not more. If we are to allow someone to play a scenario with the shotgun in the City deck, we need to allow for each soldier to have a shotgun. Or, if we use a less reliable rifle... As for Medics/Minesweepers and Heavy Mortars, a good estimate is 2 cards per nationality. In other words, LOTS more cards. Rik has advised that he will try to officially post to the main page tonight. Hope this helps John and others who wanted some idea on the card numbers. @ Darren The cards are just a game. The pictures on the cards will just be artwork. This is the same as they have in Osprey books on the SS. There have been games in the past with Swastikas and SS on them, albiet this was back in the 70s and 80s. Best I can suggest is to check your customs website and prohibited imports. If it was a historical book on the SS with their symbolism on the cover would UK customs ban it. Some may not like it but after all it is a history book. If you were in Germany that could be a different case with the symbolism. And before you jump in Matt I know this topic has been gone over before here and on BGG and YES I did read them. Darren can I suggest you try some of the BGG threads on Up Front. I am sorry I don't have the specific links to hand. Ok, I joined up because of the new cards preview. But I am still convinced that the weapons cards will be a great hassle... and every people that are used to playing card game with protector know how fiddly it became when you have to slide them under the other. Not a game you will be able to play outside or in a transport. How does the size of the new personality cards compare to the old ones? I seem the remember the old ones as being pretty small. I do not want to miss out on the SS pack, and I am concerned that it may cause a problem at customs, is there a possibility that a plain wrap could be placed over it? I am not sure how customs will handle this in the UK. Only two more backers to hit 1500; then it's only 622 more to match D-Day Dice, and I still believe that this game should be able to match that figure. If so, the bag is "in the bag" as they say :-) @ Rik Personality cards are a winner in my book. Card size is good also. This should help those who weren't sure to make a decision. How many cards are we looking at for Medics/Minesweepers, Alternate Weapons, and Heavy Mortars? I'm putting a post together to try to drum up some end-of-campaign funds on another website, and specific numbers would help me out. I wonder how medics will be used. If you have an unpinned medic you may add one to any rally card? Or maybe if you have an unpinned medic you may spend an action to rally one man in his group, a RNC draw is required with a black number being a successful rally? Or maybe something entirely different? i still may add another $40 pledge as i can't believe all you'll get for $40 at this point.. @Robert - I'm certain that we'll get the Mountain Pack as kicktraq does not do a good job modelling the last 3-5 day rush of pledges. The bag I'm a little more worried about, but am seriously hoping will happen. How else will we move these cards, after all? Medics will be cool! Not far off either! -Ski We'll get there. Plus if we don't Rik will think of something awesome. He did with AIYP and everyone was happy. Kicktraq has it coming in at $245k. So close to the Devil's Brigade and mountain deck but no cigar. :( Has there been any commitment to shipping them (and/or the other expansion nations and such) along the initial FLGS distribution or at a later date as expansions? @ Lee Thankyou. I just added to my pledge to get us past 220,000. Now I have a backup set. Wow, AFVs are now a done deal. I'm starting to feel confident about the Devil's Brigade and think we might have a shot at the bag. I'll be talking to my game group tonight. Bam! This is like watching Jerry Lewis call for a "tote board" check during the telethon!..... I just hope it continues to move upwards! @ John Nichols Thanks John for the post. Your point was correct about ranks. I don't think Caleb will hold any animosty towards you. After all its only gamers talk and knee jerking happens a lot in posts. Its all good. Glad you got some sleep. I just made the $85 jump from PVT to M/SGT! Hopefully 176 others will follow my lead... C'mon $275k! I want that bag! (I'll be happy as long as we get the Devil's Brigade though.) For the record, I actually don't remember posting that. Looks like I put that down at about 3 AM? which would have been right before I went to bed. I *think* I was just trying to say that just posting modern ranks and blithely assuming they would have been exactly the same seventy years ago was kind of silly on the face of it. Which I stand by, now that I'm awake, even though I did word it very knee-jerkishly at the time. Sooo close to those AFV's! -Ski Yes, yes it would It would be so sweet to get both the AFV's and Medics both today. @Matt Haha, you don't need to sell me. I'm at the 125 level. I was just curious. Rik, could we trouble you to update the FAQ's last question about adding multiple pledge levels to your order, and what that does for international shipping? This has come up a few times at bgg.com, and I can't recall what the official answer is. Thanks! I have a question that I cannot seem to find the answer to. Are there sidearms in the game? If not, not a really big deal, I just thought I'd ask since the BBG forum is enormous lol Also, what a push these last few days, I wish I had the money to name a soldier, but I figure I am definitely getting my money worth with the MSDT and Line for Life with AIYP. @matt - +1 Remember that retail prices will vary dramatically depending where you live, local taxes, etc. Online pricing is often less than "retail" price as well. You may be better off looking at equivalent sized card packs (ie. Magic or similar games) for your local prices. Currently you get 14 packs of expansion cards (not counting the extra counters, deluxe book, and cower cards) just with a $40 base game purchase. If the stretch packs go for at least $3 each, you will have made back your money already. Correction... Major Nations are $26.95 retail. @Michael - Everything is supposed to be available retail. Prices for the base game ($49.94) and major nations ($26.05) have been announced, but I don't believe the other component prices have been set. I suspect the Devil's Brigade will be a similar price to the major nations because it comes with an action deck. Are the mini-expansions that 40+ backers get going to be sold individually later, and if so, how will their prices compare to the full expansions? @Ryan: we will see on the field of battle Ita Vs Fra my private vs your private ^__^ Minor correction... Stretch rewards go to all pledges $40 and above. @David Yep, that is all you have to do! @Ryan Your last name will be on a French Private Personality card in EVERYONE'S game! So I will see your last name on the card in my copyof the game as well! And yes, you will get all of the stretch goals. With stretch rewards this good, I'm thinking of buying a 2nd complete set. How do I do that again? Just add $125 to my pledge and tell them after it closes that I want two complete sets? Thanks. @Ryan......regarding #1, I believe that your named card will be in everyone's deck from what I have read, but I'll let others weigh in on that. To answer #2, any pledge above $40 receives all stretch rewards, so this is an excellent bargain imho. Hello! First time backer, long time gamer (I two copies of original and three copies of banzai). I have tried to search the thousand comments for an answer, but I cannot seem to find one. I have pledged at the capitan level and with a French last name, put my lot in as a private of France. Again this is my first pledge so I apologize is these questions seem silliy... 1. Will my named card come with all France expansions or just my individual purchase. 2. Will I really receive all of the stretch rewards!? If so that's awesome!! I would like to promote this correctly to my family and friends, thank you in advance for your answers. Have a great holiday season. i must confess i am curios to see the italian Folgore PVT with my name.... how many times "I" will pin, rout or die? ^__^ @ Mark Adda Just a small question. When you pledged did you include the postage in the amount you entered? That is did you type in $160 at the begining then select the M/Sgt level. Nice to see todays total is progressing well. @Marc Adda Appreciate your take on the Aussie cards. Wasn't thinking Bruce Willis but I like it. @Brian 250K has always been the Devils Brigade Deck. Its just the there is no significant spacing on the stretch goals between 240K Alternate Weapons and 250K stretch goal. So I can see where your comment / question is coming from. What was missing is some pictures of the Alternate Weapons. Stretch goal amounts are / have been listed after the pictures for the levels. Nope, it's been $250k since it was announced with the other new stretch goals. Wait... I thought 240k was the action deck??? oups, posted twice the same rubbish.. Sorry Pvt Bruce. It will hard for him to die... With such a squad of Aussies, how could you lose a game? And about Bruce... it will be hard to die for him. With such a team of Aussies, how could you lose? And about pvt Baggins. Just give him a ring and he'll win every game. Good lord, man... @Marc Adda Yep I'll pay that. Sorry play that. You can have an OB with pvt Dundee and a Crocodile. Ideal to flame the enemy! @Matt So maybe we can have a Pvt Dundee with a large knife as a weapon and a Pvt Baggins also with large knife to represent two of the six Australians and call the rest Pvt Bruce to save confusion. @Matt My apologies. I was not saying to change the ranks on the cards to match nationalities and YES I had read the update on that issue. I was just trying to get Caleb and John to be more understanding towards each other. Oh by the way I did read your post that you think all Australians are called Bruce (aka Monty Python) and we have a Crocodile Dundee Knife as our only weapon. Very funny. The Australian soldier in both WW1 and WW2 didn't mind coming to grips with the enemy using the bayonet, knife, entrenching tool whatever we could get our hands on. After all a ceratin German General in North Africa did refer to the Australians as 20 thousand theives. But the New Zealanders were better they used to steal from the Australians. Will there be more rules for smoking... Errr. I mean, currently, the only smoking things are smoke grenades (aside smoking hulls). But what about white phosphorous? It could be interesting to use it as a RR5 (now RR0), attack 0 weapon in addition to place a smoke card on the targeted group. What about shooting smoke shells? Such a gun would use a fire card and a smoke card (disregard nation). If it hits, place the smoke card instead of attacking. "China - see update #26." Cool Thanks!!!! I second the Private Polish Bear...no joke ! I just want to point out that yesterday was the biggest day this campaign has seen in almost a month. Keep the momentum coming! Good thing my Kicktraq is working again. Seems was an IE issue. Thanks to the people at Kicktraq for helping me. WHoooooaa, take a breath here boys. The rank debate is very old one here. The final verdict was to keep 1 rank system for all nationalities. And YES, we all know how this is historically incorrect this is. If you still need to vent or pontificate more on this, try Boardgamegeek.com. China - see update #26. Overall, remember that we are ending over a month of the Kickstarter with >1100 comments here and thousands more on BGG. Please keep in mind that what you think is a unique insight or critique has likely been rehashed many times already. We all are enthusiastic about the game and we welcome your enthusiasm as well. Many questions can be answered by using the FAQ on the Home page, reading the updates, or searching on Boardgamegeek.com. Now back to the pledge drive :) @Caleb Smay Thankyou for your efforts. I don't think John was trying to insult you or belittle your efforts but on occassion people write in a way that when read can seem to be attacking the author. I agree that John could of worded his response better. I have found that in my 35 years of playing strategy games (trying to avoid the term wargammer as that seems to offend some people) that as sub group of society we have strong and differing opinions with each other. Just look at BGG forums to see evidence of this. That probably arises from the fact that as a group we probably tend to read more and have additional knowledge about certain areas of history that we like. I know for me personaly that is the case. Not just rule books for games but in general on military topics. Our responses, especially written ones can and do have colourful language. We sometimes forget who will be reading the post and how they will respond. @John Nichols Not sure what your reply is meant to say. 1. that army ranks are different today than in WW2 2. that each army in WW2 had differing name for each corresponding rank eg Australia Lance Corporal = USA private first class. Caleb was only trying to be helpful. Remember posts are supposed to be respectful and considerate. People can take words as written in different ways when typed. Not everyone who has backed this project is a walking encyclopedia on WW2 army ranks. Just as each person involved in backing this kickstarter probably had a relative or even several who fought in the various armies of nations in WW2 and would have a different perspective of the conflict. It would be great John if you could share some of your knowledge with the rest of us about Up Front and how that reflects the role, rank of a soldier in a squad. I'm guessing that you know about US army in WW2 judging by your response to Caleb. One of the major nationalities I don't see included is the Chinese. They did a lot of fighting in WWII and would be interesting to use against the Japanese etc. @John Nichols No need to get so angry. I was only trying to get people some information that I had seen requested. And you really could have gone about it a different way and simply pointed out my error instead of sounding like such a jerk. We will get private Wojtek with the Polish ? ^_______^ <url>~jstevens/Isiu-Island/ranks.html Norway - Can't find anything for this one. Poland - <url>#Armyranks Romania - <url>"Recommend". To the right of the green number in that box is a small thumbs up icon. Click it if you want to give the soldier preview a thumbs up. Sorry for the ignorance, but how do you "thumbs up" something on BGG. I'll be glad to once I know how. Great to hear you've brought Lana Knoll on board to advise with the layouts! Between Ron Volstad's art and Ms Knoll's layout schemes, this game is going to be faaaaantastic! I too am tickled that you guys are going with the Lana cards. Let's get that mountain deck. Recommended the image on BGG. 50 thumbs up now. Very happy that Lana is on the team and Radiant has listened to the feedback thus far. @Serge, wow! You need a 21-gun salute for that $600 pledge. Done my bit on BGG gave image a thumbs up. Now up to 37 thumbs up. Why is it that I'm only seeing 30 thumbs-up on the image on BGG? We all need to thumb it to get it on the front page for some free advertising! <url>"have a go" To me having a go to reach these extra stretch goals is what makes these Kickstarters so interesting when they get closer to the end. Whatever happens in the next 5 plus days I am not dissapointed that we have come so far as a group of gamers who want to hold a new edition of Up Front. I'm feeling very positive we are going to hit all the stretch goals. :-) Psst: Don't tell Daniel, but there were (whispers) flamethrowers (/whispers) in the original game. I'm pretty excited myself. Heh! Don't want you to lose it, but brace yourself... there are flamethrowers. :-) So today I watched as many videos on youtube that I could find about Upfront. I have to say, I thought I was excited about Airborne in Your Pocket, but wooow I am quite sure my friends and I will be playing Upfront for decades. Landmines, Sniping, Anti-Tank Mines, Flanking, Prisoners, CQC fighting, if there is a flamethrower I am pretty much going to lose it. I am beyond excited to sit at the table with friends, drinks, and dive into this extremely deep, yet very simple war game. Wake me when it is June. :) Yes, they will be useful against incoming soft-skinned vehicles! Nice to see we have just passed $210K Heavy Machine Guns will now be in the arsenal. @Rik Thankyou for your post and getting Lana Knoll involved. I am certain that the cards will be both visually appealing and functional. I just want to say publicly that this Up Front reprint is a way for me at least to get the next generation of strategy gamers involved in face to face gaming so they can spend time comminication directly with one another instead of electronically. That said, I know I am communicating electronically with you and all other backers. Laying down suppression fire with our HMG while our men advance on the objective! @Rik, sounds good. I think even a 90% completed personality card will help get people off the fence and get the pledges rolling in. There has always been a big bump when product has been posted. And soldier Pledge is crawling again to victory! @Rik: excellent! Thumbs up everybody! Without any communication on BGG, don't dream about the bag! The idea given here should be followed: new card art on BGG, many thumbs and many new backers! Or maybe a doctor... or a nurse! You're right! It seems that soldier Pledge is paralysed. We need a commissar to move him forward! Affirmative! Just upped my pledge to Commisary in the fight to reach Devils Brigade. Ok soldier Pledge, your orders are to take that HMG nest ASAP, because your other objective is a full battalion of AFVs and other vehicles, cause your final objective is bag of gold! You can have some use of rifle grenades, BTW The total pledge is slowly creeping toward a nest of heavy machine guns.... Re IP: not that long ago, two companies both thought that they had the rights to reprint Merchant of Venus. One had a license from the designer; the other dealt with Hasbro. The FFG (Hasbro licensed) version is on the market, while the Stronghold (Hamblen licensed) version isn't although it was well-developed and nearly ready to release. I hope that Rik either has an agreement with Hasbro or that Courtney Allen clearly has regained the rights from AH/Hasbro, because history suggests that an agreement merely with Courtney isn't enough to keep Hasbro at bay. I've heard of a project, read in a General magazine, talking about a complete reworking of Up Front. Was it that Up Front 2000 that you are talking about? @Willam Brown, RE IP: I asked Rik a very similar question, "given the previous company's failure to deliver a revised up-front how hard can it be for you to issue a statement confirming you have the rights to publish ?" Rik's response was: "why would we choose to publish a game for which we do not have the rights to do so? " Not really the definitive statement I was after, but an answer. Wow HMG goal is almost here.... i really hope for the bag.. or, at least, for the mountain deck @Craig re Kicktraq -- if I recall correctly, the detail charts on Kicktraq require Javascript. Maybe that's the problem you're having (I forget it every time I check that site). @Craig, it is working. 52 pledges for $6919 on 12/26. wow, we may get the Devils Brigade and mountain deck after all :) @Craig and Lee. Thanks guys. I may or may not contact Rik directly, but I trust in your information since it seemed you've already looked into this. I pledged my $40 because I knew I would end up buying the game eventually anyway as soon as it came out. Might as well grab all the extra goods! @Richard James It brings up all the different charts? The one I am interested in is the daily number of pledges and the total for that day. I am just trying to run some data modelling but need those numbers. It worked yesterday for me but not today. I'll try restarting my computer system see if that makes a difference to my internet access. Might be my wireless connection. It's working for me. To all is anyone having trouble viewing the Kicktraq for Up Front. I can't bring up all of the charts only the first one on Funding Progress. @KevinR Thankyou for responding to others IP enquiry. I knew MMP had failed to republish due to the confused nature of the rights. I had that information from other sources back then when it occurred. It actually came from Hasbro Management in Australia when I asked about reprints of AH games when I had my own games business. They were not necessarily interested in the more strategy specific type games and intimated that they were not going to reprint many AH titles via Hasbro. Since Hasbro was bought by Matel I conjecture that a lot of IP rights have been sorted by them. If Rik and Co have been successful for Up Front reprint rights then this bodes well for other AH games being reprinted by other publishers. @ Wayne Saunders I agree with your explanation to Michael. @Lee -- can you point out the particular BGG thread where Rik/RG say anything about the IP? According to MMP, UF2000 failed because AH/Hasbro couldn't straighten out the rights; what has changed since then? @ William Brown I would suggest that the question you want answered about rights of publication needs to be referred directly to Rik Falch himself. Please use the direct contact provided on this kickstarter under the Contact Me in the Project By section on the right. You must have pledged some tier to pose this question on this kickstarter. As we are also just backers of this kickstarter it is unlikely that any of us would have a proper and complete answer to your question. Not trying to diminish your enquiry I just think it is better placed to those who are running / controlling this project. @Philip Harradine The answer to your pledge amount is YES you are correct. I also have pledged to CPT Level Australia and if I want to add more tiers I have to add the value of that tier plus $25 in freight. This would be done from the highest tier pledged which in your case is now CPT Australia. Hope this helps. Welcome aboard private Harradine. Michael - It would stand to reason (going from memory here) that you'd need only the American weapons for Free French, but you'd need to get the French for Vichy, The Russians for Tito and the Brits for Canada/Australia. I think those were the ones without weapons. @William Brown- The short answer is yes they do. If you want some details there are a bunch of threads about that on Boardgamegeek. Have already pledged M/SGT and spotted a new opening for CPT (Australian). I decided on two copies - retain M/SGT and plus one at the higher pledge, however when I select the radio button to CPT level, the previous M/SGT selection drops out. Is that usual? If that is the process, I would then total ($125 + $45) and ($225 + $25) to total $420. Is that correct? Cheers and Happy Holidays to all ! Phil ;-) @NasosP--"Not really sure if RG's goal is the $275.000 mark, but if it is, it's time for a finished (or near complete) personnality card. This campaign is doing great, but if we are to nail that messenger bag, we need a pic of a personnality card on BGG, thumbed up and on the front page. Any more delay and I fear the last 48hour boost won't get us there." -- I was thinking the very same thing. I have wanted to get ahold of this game for years since I read about it. I do have one question though: do you have the legal right to produce and reprint this game? I thought it was in reprint purgatory because there was major issues concerning who controlled the rights to the game. I would appreciate an answer if that is possible :) Anyone have details concerning the print? Size and scene? Thumb up NasosP. Not really sure if RG's goal is the $275.000 mark, but if it is, it's time for a finished (or near complete) personnality card. This campaign is doing great, but if we are to nail that messenger bag, we need a pic of a personnality card on BGG, thumbed up and on the front page. Any more delay and I fear the last 48hour boost won't get us there. @Michael -- As far as I know, yes, you will need to have the weapons cards from one of those countries. And, no, there isn't a prerequisite listing so far. It should be easy to figure out for most of the countries involved. -Ski Forgive me if this has been asked before, but I just noticed that some of the stretch rewards list soldier cards but no weapons cards. Are these countries playable only if you get certain of the five possible "core" countries? If this is the case, is there a list of which core countries are required for which of the stretch countries? Thanks, and congratulations on clearing the 200K goal. I've been waiting many years to see this game back in print. Woot, passed the 200K level. Onwards! (Journey Quest reference) :) I'm happy we got to the 200k mark and the big rulebook. I just have a fear that we won't make it to 250K and we won't get to see the 1st Special Service Force "Devil's Brigade". Here's hoping we can cover that last 49k in the final 6 days. Great. thanks Team! @Marc -- yes it will. -Ski This is my first kickstarter so I would like to know if, after the campaign closure, this site will still be open for updates and comments? ArtB -- Yes the stretch rewards will be available later on.... -Ski @ Jhockaday (myself) I looked around a bit more and I now have the shipping and tier things figured out. I still have the question about sending part of the stretch goals to the USA and others elsewhere. I am guessing "no", but still. I really hope we can reach $250k now! Ah, the rich corinthian leather is here! Ricardo Montalban would be so proud! Here's hoping for the traditional last-minute explosion of pledges! Outstanding! Onward!!! ....Now we need to get to that Mountain Action Deck! -Ski Congrads on Rik and crew on breaking $200k! The game is going to be fantastic! -Ski OK, so "tier" means, the various levels of pledge (PVT, PFC, ect.)? So if I want one copy of the PVT Level (tier) and one of the M/Sgt Level (Tier) then I will pledge $165. Then if I want to add international shipping I add $70 ($45 + $25) to my bid, for a total of $235. Is that right? I would also then get two copies of all of the stretch goals (but no matter how many Tiers I pledged for I couldn't get more than a total of 3 copies (one + no more than 2 additional) of the stretch goals. There are no additional shipping costs for the stretch goals, right? I have another strange question, can I have say for instance, one copy of the leather bound rulebook sent free to a stateside address and the rest shipped over seas to me? I am really sorry for being a pain here I just want to understand. I want to pledge more, but need to understand how it all works. Yay for leather! Still dreaming we find some way to hit Devil's Brigade and that canvas bag. But still... Yay leather! Yay, woke up to the rule book. That was my bare minimum that I wanted to accomplish. Now on to the satchel. huzzah for the cool leather rulebook! That leather smells pretty good :-) Now for the HMG's...... Wonderfantasticful!!!! Huzzah! WoW already there! Looks like we're on the brink of a new leather rulebook ^__^ really need a few stretch goals since I am more and more confident of making the bag each day. can we have templates for tuckboxes as one, with a super tuckbox for action decks. I also think a printable set of extra dividers for the sleeved cards would make another good stretch goal. Will all backers names be in the rulebook as a scroll of honour, or on the side of the box bottom? @Sbragia, Not in the original game (for other: Alpini are italian troups specialized in mountain warfare), I think you can play them using elite rules - there will be good with the mountain action deck of the 260.000 $ pledge level Question on italian army: are Alpini included in the core army? They had an important role in the Greek campaign (defending bridges in Albania) and they fought in Russia. Thank you in advance @Teamski, even the stretch rewards??? THANK YOU!!!! that actually affects what i want/need to pledge. @Will -- Yes! Every card set produced in this campaign will be available in the shops, from what I understand. -Ski I hate to sound like a broken record but will the Soviets, French, Italians, Japanese and British be available at a later time? @mark j. My understanding is you cannot reduce your pledge within 24 hours of project close if that reduction would result in the project not funding. As for adding? No problems there, I added a ton to my Reaper pledge in the final hour. @ Mark J Yep you sure do win something. That something is.............. No, I've read a thing that within 48 hours of the campaign ending you can't lower your pledge. So I'm wondering if you can raise it within that time. Hey look this is the 1000th comment! Do I win something!? Are you asking about 48 hours after the KS is funded (aka 48 hours after Jan 2, 9:17 am EST)? Within 48 hours of the campaign end are all pledges locked or can more always be added? @Craig -- I never went anywhere, hehehe...... -Ski OHHH got a good little bump today. Even if we dont make it to the sweet satchel I look forward to the leather rule book and hope we get all the add-ons lol I can almost smell the leather... @ Craig Vivian Space is at a premium with that many games. I think that we are both lucky that our wives put up with us as gamers and allow us to indulge in our hobby. To me this is a true blessing. So when your wife tells you to go to the basement if she is angry with you is a treat. @Craig Whiting--Where do you put 5000 games? My 300 take up one wall in the basement. Luckily, my wife stopped me from selling. She was afraid if I sold the games then I might come out of the basement. Thanks for the reply. @Erik Sorry I added it up wrong. Early in the morning here. Glad I could help. @ Craig Whiting. It was kind of you to point this out. The cost for me would actually be $125 + $35 + $115 + $20 + $80 + $20 = $395 My questions were answered, thanks! @Teamski. Good to see your back on commenting. Yes there has been a bit of movement on the pledge front. Glad that more people getting on board. It was a nice surprise from Rik to give us the Gurkhas. $200k here we come!!!! -Ski The impression I got on the airborne crossover is that they are creating some sort of mini game, but it isn't done yet. You also get 150 paratrooper personality cards. Poliorcetes @Craig Vivian The Airborne Crossover question was answered further back in the Comments Section. Sorry can't remeber how far back. May I suggest that you contact Rik direclty using the Contact me on the right of this page in the Project by section. If someone else remembers what Riks response was can they post here. By the way Craig did you get back your 300 plus games you sold for $50 because the world was going to end? Nice sized collection of games. I have a few games myself. My collection numbered over 5000 but I have been slowly reducing it so I am now down to just over 3000. I have been buying for 35 years plus I worked in the games industry for 10 years. It would have been more space sensible if I collected stamps. I can't fit any cars in my garage. Wall to wall games on shelves. The wife has advised for every game I now buy I have to sell two others off. Luckily I can get away with saying this Kickstarter is just one game. @RIK and @Erik. Rik I think Erik is in Sweden so the freight costs would be for Europe. So the example he quoted would be $125 + $30 + $115 + $20 + $80 + $20 = $390. The price you qoted is for pledges International other than Europe. Sorry Rik to point that out. I looked at Eriks profile and he is in Uppsala Sweden. @Andre I think Rik meant that you can have your original pledge then add two more copies giving a total of 3 copies. You will need to check on freight if you are not in USA. For example I am in Australia and my first copy costs $45 in frieght the second copy cost $25 in freight and the third copy will cost $25 in freight. So if I wanted 3 sets I would pay $95 in freight. The answers to these type of questions are in the FAQ at bottom of home page. Hope this helps. Oh, so that's a maximum of 2 of each tier? So I can pledge for 2 $40 tiers and 2 $125 tiers? I'm one of yours! New CPL in compaign :) BTW one question: a friend of mine wants to pledge (for CPL I think). As I saw we can pledge numerous times, can I pledge for him and saving some shipping costs? Or we have to pledge twice, with the $35 shipping costs for each? I do suspect that some people may use shill pledges to get the extra sets, especially considering how much i suspect this is going to go for, if the secondary prices for the other big KS games are going for. @ Rik-LOL! Fair enough! I had a feeling you would need to limit the numbers. @Rik. If I want to add two copies, must the additional copies be on the same pledge level? Or can I for example pledge M/SGT, and then add the amount for S/SGT and a third CPL level? - Erik Is the Airborne stretch the same as the Airborne game that was recently kickstarted? Regarding rules: Solo play rules will be available with the rule book? I have some solo play rules taken from BGG and they seem fine; and more the system used for Frontline D Day from DVG seem interesting even for Up Front.... but if Radiant Games' Up Front will have solo play rules fit to it i will be really happy ^_^ LOL! Not sure if I can afford that many, but once I get official confirmation, I will probably.order ten! Yes, and begin to build a hanger Andre, you can't go wrong. Order 2000 copies and we get the bag. Jeez, Just the limited Ed rule book would easily sell for $40 to the completionist who missed out. BTW, is it going to be the bound book or the binder? Wow. I suspect one could order 10 and make a killing selling all of the extras to those to impatient to wait for retail! Andre: So it seems So, if I pledged $120 for 3 $40 tiers, would I receive 3 x each stretch reward? Currently, we have 2321 cards and an unknown number of alternate cower cards. @Darren: I just hope a future kickstarter campaign will present Chinese, Spanish, Koreans, Arabs and Israelis as stated earlier. As well as everything that will not be reached (hopefully nothing presented currently) Backed ... for CPT Italian Folgore Merry Christmas from the UK. shame the present was not presented with correct spelling. But it is a great present nonetheless. shame no Chinese for the longest part of the war - unless you are going to surprise us there as well. will the Soviets, French, Italians, Japanese and British be available at a later time? I wake up, see the total rise up a little, and OHHHH Gurkhas!!!!!! Merry Christmas--Thx for the goodies Rik. What is the Airborne stretch goal? @Rik, thank you for the awesome Christmas surprise. I am still hoping that the project clears the $250k mark. Looks like I'm in for $40 + shipping :D Just pledged $1 to ask this question. If I go in at $40, what are all the stretch goals that I get with that $40 (no adding extra $$ for addons) @Rik Thank you kindly for the Christmas present. I hope santa brings us all a crate of sleeves.... And a couple of elves to put all this in them. Merry Christmas everyone!!! I hope Santa bring us some backers tonight!! Indeed - Happy Christmas everyone... let's hope this coming year sees less war in real life and more on the tabletop! Oh and by the way Merry Christmas everybody, Its Christmas Day here in Australia. I'm off to see what presents are under the Christmas tree. Best wishes to all for when your day Christmas Day starts and I hope it is full of merriment and good cheer. Looking at the numbers and factoring in the time of year we will reach $200K but it will take 3 days. If people are holding back as some have suggested until we reach the Rule Book stretch goal then that still leaves 5 days. If this kickstarter as Rik has kindly pointed out goes the same way as other boardgames then there is a distinct possibilty of reaching all stretch goals. However, this kickstarter seems to have quirks of its own. People sign on and then drop out only to sign on again. If this was viewed as a retail operation then you can only go on past performance and factor in some economic factors. Having run retail game stores for 10 years I can only say this. There are no guarantees in retail and some days can be dissapointing and then others can be euphoric. Last point is that this kickstarter has already been successful and it isn't over until the fat lady sings. Ok I now own them, but what is a 'Alternate Cower Replacement Cards'? @Darren I believe you are correct, Kickstarters always seem to explode the last few days; and to top it off there will be people who receive money for Christmas who have been eyeing Up Front. Well, it now seems as though we have reached the 'Alternate Cower Replacement Cards' ! @Chew Boon Longe: Yes, just pledge the total amount for the different tiers you want, plus shipping. We will be getting a survey at some point where you can specify exactly how you pledge is to be allocated. @jhockaday: I assume shipping labels would be printed based on who the shipping company they use is. So, if FedEx, for example, however FedEx handles shipping to China. why are people worried about getting to 210k with nine days to go, if this goes the way of other kickstarter projects we should be getting at least 250k. I have tried to get friends involved. they are not really interested - but will keep trying. I am an American, and my billing address is in the USA, but I am living in China. How do I go about having my game shipped to me here in China. I know I need to add $45 for shipping, do I just use the manage my pledge button and add the $45 to my pledge? At what point do I give my Chinese address? I hope for the ability to have my Chinese address printed in Chinese, this is easily accomplished by using a graphic file of the address, but as I don't know how shipping and such is handled, I am worried about all of it. Sorry to be such trouble. Will we have the option to buy extra individual decks? I see myself using the German deck quite a bit and having a second backup deck would be nice. I expect orders to surge once we hit $200k. Unfortunately, this campaign ends at an awkward time of year. I'm hoping we'll get to $210k for the HMGs. Along the same line as questions below. Can I pledge 1 copy at $125 level and 1 copy at $40 level? Do I just pledge $165 plus shipping and choose the $125 level? D-Day Dice had 2,122 supporters, albeit at a lower average fundng level than Up Front has. However, it would seem that anyone that would buy into DDD would have similar interest in this game, as well as the CDG folks who may not have pledged for DDD. So, I'm surprised we haven't hit a higher number of pledgers. At this rate, it will take another 800 or so pledges, about the final # that pledged for DDD, to pick up the additional 85K needed to score the bag. Hopefully, there will be a lot of discretionary funds recieved by prospective pledgers this Christmas :-) <url>"Contact Me" link. I'm sure they'll provide you with an official answer. Also, thanks for being such a big supporter! I am currently pledged at the $400 COL level. For the name on the personality card, am I guaranteed to be able to pick the USMC private 1st class if I want? Just want to make sure I can pick the Marines. I find myself wondering if their will be naming tiers for the Devil's Brigade. Kickstarters often move sharply upward at the end, so these fine fellows are still within reach. This is the summary of Matt Price's running card count after the Marines & Folgore Stretch Goals were unlocked. Keep in mind that this reflects what you'll get if you buy the minimum tier to get *everything,* the M/SGT Level for $125. But even those pledging as low as the $40 will get quite a lot of loot. To date, we're up to 2,348 cards, including: - 957 personality cards - 267 weapon cards - 152 AFV cards - 972 action cards (6 separate action decks) Also, the number of personality cards may be tweaked downward since the personality/weapon cards have been decoupled. For more information check out Matt's hard work here... <url>´m sorry if this has been answered already, but I´ve gone through the FAQs and some pages of comments without finding this answered. Thanks // Henrik @Rocco: I disagree respectfully. I didn't ask for another alphabet, otherwise we would be at loss with japanese or russian cards. But the PVT, PFC, etc are for fluff purpose only as they don't have any effect on the game. SL and ASL have. I don't know what kanji is but it's not really a problem if that word or its abbreviation appears on the card. Ex altor fulgor - Like lightining from the sky Well, I had my doubts about reaching the Marines, but we sure picked up speed after more stretch goals were added. Personally, I REALLY hope we unlock the mountain deck. Again, Ive got doubts. Good job reacheing $180,000 folks! Semper Fi! @Adda There was a discussion on this argumet on BGG and IMHO is a bad idea, think of the japanese rank in kanji, the russian rank in cyrillic ... there will be illegible (except if you speak japanese, russian, ecc...) OK, the Apocalypse has come and gone (due 11:11 UTC, 6:11am EST), so let's get the word out and push this project to the magical $275K! Now, I was wondering how the cover of the new box will look like. Another thing: Being a PVT of PFC for GI is ok, but it's wrong for other nations. For example, a french soldier would be 2ème classe for PVT, 1ère Classe for PFC, Caporal for corporal and sergent for sergeant. It would be good if each nation has its own denomination. With so many individual persona cards (I've no idea how many but I'm sure it's a lot), can Rik guarantee that the style of the artwork, that is of the figures, will be consistent across ALL of the cards? The recently posted work by Ron Volstad is fantastic and I hope ALL of them will be of the same style. I ask as there must surely be a lot of work involved and a temptation to use earlier work by Ron (to speed things up) that isn't in the same style. You see this with the version that's available on Artscow. Being a properly produced/published product I would expect ALL of the artwork to be new, and I guess I would be disappointed if it wasn't. Funny, because Up Front had a lot of success with role-playing friends at that time. About the 4-6 weeks delivery, I remember ordering a game (it was in the 90' IIRC), and after many many waiting months, decided to contact the publisher to tell him I thought the game was lost. I received it some weeks later. Then received another copy still weeks later. I still wonder which one is which. :-) Marc, I was more into role-playing games back then, but I know exactly what you mean! I remember the day when everything was "4-6 weeks for delivery." Who could have imagined this sort of thing back then? A bit of nostalgy there. Do you remember the 'good ol' days' of wargames (I've begun with them in the late 70, previous century). No internet to talk about them, no possibility to say 'your game is fine but your graphics are craps!', no designers saying 'yes you are right, I'll change my graphics/design/rules/etc., no nothing. We just entered the hobby shop, found some game never heard before, found it cool, well, you know what followed. We could say that world has ended. Hooray!! USMC Private First Class Talbert is going to make the cut! With my friends I think he will be like a red shirt guy on Star Trek but it will still be fun to play with. If someone would only tell me when the world is ending today... I thought the Mayan Calendar was really exact! Yea too bad the world is ending today. I'll never get to play the game. But i'll have the Marines. It's great to finally hit $180K! Awesome. Special thanks to the folks that put on the last push! USMC and Italian Folgore are here! The project needs 180$ to hit the 180k... I see landing crafts about to hit the beach.. @Rik Sorry also the Alternate Weapons. Some images would also be nice. @Rik Have you worked out how many cards for the Medics and Minesweepers as well as Heavy Mortars the $180k should have been broken by now based on last few days yes it is crawling, death by a few dollars, cmon people get the moths out of your wallets Okay... here's a report on the Limited Tiers that are running out... many Tiers have already sold out... and these may do so soon... CPT (Australia) 1 of 10 left... CPT (Canada) 2 of 10 left... CPT (Soviet Union) 3 of 10 left... and, of course, GEN (General) 1 of 3 left... this last is a premium Tier with all sorts of goodies. I think it seems slow because we had two very good days leading up to this. well this has slowed to a crawl @Mark J - I'd also like to see a 'sale' of unused names in the last few days. I made a CPT British pledge and would love to get a 2nd name but another $225 is a bit steep. What say Rik? It might really help that last push to the cloth bag! Probably too late for this but.... I think there are a bunch of Up Front folks thinking that they are just fine with their 80s copy and have no need for a new version. But what if that this kickstarter included the original action deck? I bet getting a brand new deck would peak their interest. I have no idea if the re-print team even could obtain those original action deck images. Though it wouldn't be too hard to duplicate from scratch i don't think. Just a suggestion. Well I see not flaws in that argument. Nope, sleep interferes with my obsessions too much. @Charles Picard Question Do you ever sleep? Man, I'm so thinking we can do this tonight. Only $1,500 to go. Indian old god magic I tell YA! armour piercing spears Civ III those spearman used to beat the crap out of my tanks.... Stupid tribesman.... Yeh USMC vs Mayans. Spears vs Bullets. Didn't work out well for Aztecs or Incas. Nor for Zulus vs British after Isandlwana. Marine 1 Mayans wiped out. Its like playing Nuclear Warfare as a military game. Rule 1 take map and soak in lighter fluid and then take lighter and light. Game over. Yah that was fun. I'll play Mayans vs USMC so long as I get the End of the World card as a moral booster. The USMC vs. The Mayans in the jungles of Central America? Hmmm... now that would make for an interesting scenario. More then enough time to hit the leather rule book will be a sad soldier if it doesnt get to that sweet satchel though. The Mayans were definitely using the longitude corresponding to the Americas as the reference point in their predictions. I have just sold all my 300+ games for $50 since I won't need them after tomorrow. I was not able to bring myself to sell Space Hulk though. Right before midnight I will up my pledge to a million. Nice being a part of this KS project. As for the end of the world I am already in the 21st day of December and I am still here. Oh that's right the Mayans didn't know about the international date line. Imagine if Hiram Bingham hadn't discovered the Mayan civilisation National Geographic would of had to screen something else. The world is ending on the 21st or is it the 22nd. Well if it ends it will end for us Aussies before the rest of you so I will let you know how it goes. For me the Up Front kickstarter is the completion of a trilogy. I have all the New Modern Naval Battles and Down in Flames from DVG. Up Front will give me the land tactical card game. If you asked me a year ago would I be buying these type of card based Military Games I would have said no. So my tastes have changed in just a year. It took playing a few games of MNB and DIF to get me hooked. Having all the original releases for Up Front from the 80's I am certainly looking forward to getting a newer version same as I did for MNB and DIF. Just as I typed this another $125 pledge was added. So we are moving forward again. @Francis I agree this kickstarter is a real Greuden Grinder (Not sure I spelt that right) I have watched it for two weeks now and I have seen downturns and upswings then burst of pledges and then nothing for hours. I think this is going to go down to the wire to get to the end of stretch rewards. I think that there are still people awaiting to see if we get to $200K before they commit. Must admit I was one of those but I opted in after the $165K reward was reached. The number of $40 pledges is increasing faster than the $125 pledges. So maybe some of them will up their pledges towards the end. Gamers can be a fickle lot. I knowthis, having run Game stores for ten years. One thing I am certain of is that this kickstarter is great value and I opted in for the named card for Australia. Once gamers view the kickstarter the seed gets planted just got to hope it germinates. For me, I know once I look at a game in some detail 90% of the time I will acquire it. Sometimes that may take a while. This is my third Kickstarter backing and I do not regret any of those commitments. I still hope that we can reach all the stretch rewrads. I certainly want to get to the Devils Brigade level. What do some others think about the run in to the end? Will we reach 180K before the end of the world? @Daniel: When I played Up Front a lot with many friends, I remember playing with 3 of them, each having a different nation. We played as team. I don't remember much (aside it was fun), but you can surely do that easily. Whoa, I had not checked the Stretch Rewards until last weekend, and it looks like they changed for the better, partly because Rik is awesome, and also because now we can definitely reach everything. I love having everything, don't you? :D I am so excited. @Daniel... I don't know about playing a 4-person game... but at this point in the KS you can certainly play two 2-person games using different nationalities because we are getting a second set of generic tokens. (No reason for anyone in your game group to be bored!) Hey all been looking at the page for weeks, and I decided to spend the "Christmas gift for Myself" fund on Up Front. Plus it only makes sense since I went L4L on AIYP too :D I do have one question though, is there any reason why Up Front couldn't be played with more than 2 people? I mean couldn't each player technically control a unit of soldiers and play against one another? My game group is almost always 3-4 people so I am just curious :) @Gregory... now you've experienced the miracle of Kickstarter! It's so funny; I went from not that interested, to somewhat interested, to backing for $40, to backing for $125, to totally obsessed! Gee, thanks everyone! :-) Alrighty, added another gift copy for a buddy of mine who can't afford it right now. (Probably the best $40 gift of all time.) Excellent, looks like we are set for another strong day... and a serious run at the Marines/Folgore. @Marc there's a scenario published in The General where one side had a tank to begin the game. The other side had two tanks coming in hot but they didn't come on until the 3rd deck. So the attacker was supposed to finish the battle quickly before the support arrived. Well, the crossover could be more balanced if you have a ogre on one side and every soldier and tanks of this Up Front against it. Now, I wonder about the effect of a bolt action rifle against armour... Love that idea, but I imagine it would just be a single card with 'The Ogre wins' printed on it. Then again, it'd be an equally apt crossover card for most other game systems too :-) Mabye in a UpFront/Ogre crossover the Ogre coul get a landmark card :D ooops, I meant landscape and not landmark. The fan made AFV cards on BGG look amazing! Like the White background, landscape ones the Best. When looking at the BGG proposals of the AFV card, I would say: - Landmark instead of portait, especially as the tank silhouette is that way, compared to a standing soldier - White background makes writings more easy to read, but I don't dislike a -very lightly- coloured background - I would like a bigger and more centered tank, if possible. Now, with a bigger card, AFV will be even more visible compared to soldiers! BTW, I don't remember a generic scenario protraying AFVs on both sides... Another fan alternative layout was proposed on BGG see on <url>#10822781 Gave up my CPT USMC Slot for the last LTC (USMC) Slot, and it looks as though someone already grabbed my previous pledge! @Robert, good get. Still some naming rights available for Canadians... 3 CPT Canada Tiers left. I think these were "give backs" for people who upgraded to LTC. *Phew* ... got the last LTC Canada slot Dang, only 1 LTC Canada left. Maybe the prices on some of the minors will eventually drop. I could prolly stretch $50 to get a Polish or Italian name, but $100 for a nationality that I won't use all that often is a bit more than I can afford to stretch. @Kent... hey, fair enough. And I'm guessing someone will step in and scoop up that LTC USMC when they see it. I was the one that switched from LTC USMC to LTC Canada. Gotta be true to my home. switch to canada cpt, my name is good for Canada and France, but I prefer my country!! USMC here we come! This is awesome! -Ski I think some Canadians are moving up to the LTC Tiers... there are 2 CPT (Canada) now available. And one LTC (USMC)... as mentioned previously. Hmmm... looks like there's some moving around with people picking up and dropping Tiers... as I write this, the following are available. 1- CPT (Australia) $225 1 - CPT (Britain) $225... 1 - CPT (Canada) $225... The USMC CPT that was briefly available has been claimed. Of course, there are other tiers, but these are the ones in the shortest supply. That was fast. Congrats, whoever got it. Going to have to lower my pledge due to not being able to scrounge up enough money... and I liked the sound of Private Bowlby :( Canadians, a spot is now open. @Leonardo... Welcome aboard. Every dollar helps all of us... and you as well! Looking forward to the Marines & the Folgore. USCM LTC slot opened up. Okkkk men! I'm in... 80$ pledge!!! My first pledge...! Ah, I didn't realize they were fan-made. Edit: "Fan made" by a professional graphic designer @Picard, they are fan made (see post <url>#10822781). IMHO they are very, VERY good Good eye Lee, I'm guessing that's not going to last long. It looks like an LTC USMC has opened up. John, are these official cards, or just something that's fan-created? LTC Canada up... one has sold. <url>"Looks like someone just snatched the last CPT Lvl Canada." Yep, that would be me. I pledged for it before I thanked you for pointing it out! ;-) The new AFV cards on BGG now look much cleaner! Meanwhile, and FWIW, this has just surpassed D-Day Dice... @Picard We can't have the other Dominions, aka Canada be the only one to give maximum support. Don't worry the Aussies will be there in the end. After all we can't let the Canadians have all the fun. Wow, only one CPT (Australia) left, too. I wonder if someone is going to grab that up soon. Yup, LTC (Canada) appears to be late. Just sent Rik a msg through the Kickstarter interface. @Srynerson Looks like someone just snatched the last CPT Lvl Canada. @ Craig Whiting: Wow, thanks for flagging that! I had overlooked it. @Srynerson There is a slot left for CPT Lvl Canada. Somone bailed on it. What happened to posting the new Canadian slots at 5 PM EST? *rivets - dang non-editable posting @Isaac - Here was Rik's reply to your concern: "vets will be removed from behind text and text size increased :-)" (it's in the comments of the update section) I have to agree with the comments being made on BGG. The AFV cards are really hard to read, and the rivets are indeed very distracting. Of course the cards ought to be attractive; otherwise, UF could be played off of a spreadsheet. But, I think it is important that the cards are firstly functional. Someone posted an alternate design on BGG which I think is both very nice but also just plain readable. Because it was a few updates ago, I just wanted to remind folks that there is a new Canadian tier that will be here in a few short hours: <url>"naming rights" to 5 Italian Folgore cards are still left at the CPT level. It's a great time to get in on those... With any luck, maybe we can git $180k today ;) wishful thinking. I would sure love to see several triple digit donor days. @Patrick -- You ain't kidding. I'm already starting to stock up on them.... -Ski Regardless where this ends up; Rik you're going to have to avoid the makers of card protectors. If they see you, they'll kiss you right in the mouth. First thing in the morning and we're already up almost $3k? Yes, please! :-) The back of the mountain deck is very fine! Just for the graphics, that game is a must hjave! Things are definitely looking good! We will definitely get those Marines before we are finished! -Ski Interesting as it appears that this game will beat DDD on total dollars, since all that is needed is another 6K or so (D-Day Dice finished at $171,805). However, I wish that the number of pledges would also exceed DDD, as it had 2,122 backers. If UF gets that many, which is certainly possible considering the audience for both games, I'm thinking that those cards are going to be lugged in a very nice cloth bag :-) So, apparently Rik has had something else up his sleeve... D-Day Dice is now available on iOS devices. Nutty huh? I was told by Rik that he'd try to get me the card counts for the new stretch goals, and that some of the older card counts may change somewhat (e.g., decoupling the weapon from the person means the number of personality cards may drop a bit for some factions), but still: 2,000+ freakin' cards?!? So Matt Price has done another card count update (and probably not his last). Here's what the full set of cards looks like... This is what you get if you've invested at the M/SGT $125 USD Tier (the level wherever you've purchased all of the 7 "core" armies)... To date, we're up to 2,250 cards, including: - 883 personality cards - 243 weapon cards - 152 AFV cards - 972 action cards (6 separate action decks) @Roger... all tiers ship free to the US at this point it in the Kickstarter. In the list of stuff on the home page it says: "US Shipping Included in All Supporter Levels." Jump on in wherever your comfortable! Upgraded my pledge to captain (France)... Let's go guys! Is there any difference between a pledge that indicates "Ships within the US only" and one that does not, except for the limitation in shipping destination? 110k... 14days.... Yep going to be a stretch for that last one. Goal!!!! SS coming... Now give me the USMC. After that I don't care so much anymore. Not much longer now... Scenario background: 8-morale Private Brewer, all alone, hoists his bazooka and peers through the jungle at a complete company of Japanese Samurai. He quickly straps on his jetpack and.... (that's as far as I've gotten). I wonder why more of the named SS haven't flown off the shelf Please include a scenario where Marine Private Brewer is the hero. That is all I ask. Fan participation & prizes... win & win. It's funny... when I went to bed last night things were at $158,777. We have certainly made a great push since then. Looks like we are going to be unlocking some more Stretch Goal goodness today. Thank you new backers... and old backers who have upped the ante! Art in the new update looks great. Here come the SS! The various previews seem to be doing the trick, there's been quite the upswing in number of pledgers and total amount pledged per day compared to the project's doldrums a week or two ago! Are there scenarios to go with all the decks? That is interesting, the differences in the number of personalities per faction, from as few as 25 in Tito's partisans to as many as 101 SS. I think these are all fan-made, and time-tested, but I wonder too why so many in the SS. There are only 27 German personalities in the base game, for example I have another question. We are mere bucks before an SS invasion. Invasion is not a small word because there will be more than a hundred of soldiers. Why so many? Compared to other nations, we have about twice that many SS . Not that I dislike that. The more we have, the more I'm happy! @Marc - +1 As a future update, I would like to have a look at the list of scenarios that will be included in the game. Just the title will suffice, but any other info will be fine :-) @Mark J -- Jacob is correct. Once you create an account, you can customize the hell out of it. I find BBG an awesome site and easily transited once you figure it out. -Ski @MarkJ once you create an account on BGG you can customize what appears on each page and how it appears. I collapse most of the sections so mine is pretty straight forward and simplified. Now if you want to see crazy check out Consimworld! You're quite correct! That's the Pz. Kpfw. IIIH. But the stats seem to be for the IVH That's not a PzKw IVH silhouette. It is kindof funny how BGG is probably the best gaming website yet probably the worst organized, worst looking, website ever. There home page must have at least 500 links on it. It's just ridiculous. @James Have no fear. The game is pretty straight forward. If you're new, you'll start with the simple squad meets squad scenarios which will be great fun. There are more complex scenarios that add the extras and by then it's easy to understand. Man, those AFV cards rock, short of the rivets over the text. This game is looking better by the day! Less than $5k to the next stretch to boot! -Ski For info, the infantry card along with the weapon card display the following infos: - Number and name of the soldier - Close combat value - Point (if designing your scenarios) - Morale and KIA value - Firepower to range values (as in AFV cards, but only one value per range). Up Front was relatively simple when it was puiblished, 30 years ago, in a time where games where more complex than today. It's not complicated, just very rich. Maybe the rules need some streamlining, especially when you compare it to Combat Commander, for example. But it was made at a time where internet didn't exist and AFAIK, players could manage that kind of rules easily. Why not now, especially if the new rules seem to be more easy to read. @James - I am with you on this, but I love complexity. I was not around for the original UF, so this will be my first go round with the game. I'm excited as hell, but I hope there are some very supportive forums to help us beginners. Yes I am aware of BGG, but that website can be difficult to navigate since it looks like it came out with the start of the internet, so I hope there will be others as well. AFV are just a small part of the game, as most scenarios involve only infantry. Although there is a lot of info to digest, it's still a simple to moderate wargame in complexity terms. Try that game with them, you could be surprised. @James, I think the intro video gives a taste of that. Very intricate! Looking at the AFV cards I'm starting to think that this game is going to be to complicated to play with my kids and my friends. @Rocco - thanks! @Nick, on a 23 november comment Rik said that thunderstone-like storage was considered (He replied "Yup" to Teamski question about thunderstone-like storage) Has anyone else been noticing lately that they are more aware of when they hear "...up front..." being used in a sentence? "Yeah just put it up front there." *Ding! @Erik... That is an EXCELLENT question. I live in the US but I would be very interested in hearing the answer to that. There has been much talk lately about how people supporting Kickstarter are not actually "buying" anything. It is merely an investment in a project and if successful, you get a reward. If that is the case, then customs paperwork should reflect that and they should be marked as a "gift". OK, being fully cognisant of the fact that my last suggestion caused quite a bit of debate, I still have another one to offer. With over 2000 cards in the box now, is there any chance of some card dividers so it's easy to find the cards you need for setup, and easy to put cards away in order after teardown? A la Thunderstone, Nightfall etc. Just trying to be constructive, hopefully this one is less controversial! Oops! Left out Italy and France as part of the core nations! [embarrassed!] You get the things listed at the pledge level you chose. So if you choose to pledge at $125, you will get the base game plus the additional 5 "core" nationalities. Basically, at that level you would get U.S., Germany, Britain, Japan and Soviets. If the KS never reached beyond the initial goal of $30K, you would still get the above things. However, as the pledges are far higher than the initial goal, we are passing milestones, called stretch awards, and everyone who pledges to the KS gets the stretch awards we achieve by the end of the pledge drive. I´m new to kickstarter and not familiar with "pledge" and "reward". As I understand it we don´t buy the game, we pledge and then get a reward. Is this reward sent out as a gift? I think this is a relevant question since for us living in Sweden have to pay customs 25%. Thinking about adding another $125 to my pledge. Thanks for a very exciting kickstarter campaign. /Erik All these new stretch rewards are pretty cool! I have a few questions: 1. What are alternative cower replacement cards? 2. What are some examples of weapons in the alternate weapons stretch? 3. I guess it is stating the obvious, but you'll be introducing new rules to go with the new weapons, AFVs, etc. (e.g. HMG, Medics, Minesweeper). Will those rules be in the $200K rulebook? 4. Will the $200K rulebook include rules for all the core nationalities and stretch nations/PCs, even if some are not reached (bite my tongue, I know...)? As happy as I am with the new stretches I am very disappointed that Rik has not offered to replace my F5 key. Less than $10k to the SS...... -Ski @Rik... indeed! Please do add these rewards to the Home Page for the project. The world should see the insanity you've got planned. I'm surprised to see that there are many new stretch rewards without, AFAIK, having to add money on our part. Especially when there is a new deck. Am I right? Rik is the Update Machine today... lovely new goals by the way. I suspected that Devil's Brigade would end up at $250. Great to see it official. Let's keep the line of backers moving folks... Yeah, a mountain deck would be sweet. Really gotta pound out those pledges though. Man, with the new stretch goals, I hope we can really get this campaign going in the last two weeks. How about that Devil's Brigade add-on with a Mountain action deck? That is cool! -Ski Upfront Stretch iPad with distinctive Up Front logo, great idea Marc! Add a new stretch with a tablet or reader, please. Nahh, just joking! For sheer utility, a consistently updated pdf is hard to beat. A reader with a high-definition display with a document that's searchable is a dang good way to deal with rules. That being the case, I'd prefer a book. Book all the way. The book is classy and I agree with Jacob that I want something nice rather than something I can make on my own Sure, binder is more-future proof thank a book. But you know what is most future-proof? Having the PDFs and just looking at them on a tablet instead of flipping on a binder. And then you can use the tablet to click and get more info on rules questions, if needed. For sheer utility a consistently updated pdf is hard to beat. A reader with a high-definition display with a document that's searchable is a dang good way to deal with rules. That being the case, I'd prefer a book. @Jacob - I completed agree with you. Book all the way. If they do a binder instead of a book, they ought to include 300 sheet protectors with it, since quite frankly it is a cheaper alternative to the book anyway. However, I think they ought to give us the book, then also a binder formatted PDF of everything so we can make our own binders. I'm thinking longevity of product that we are paying for here. I'd rather have the nice book as a backer than the binder that I can make on my own in a couple hours... Awesome up front book vs plastic covered cardboard that I can buy for 1.50, I want my money's worth (so to speak - this is a great value no matter what) if I'm buying something. About the bound rulebook. I'm not sure which way I'd vote right now. It was a bound book that was promised all along. But, my point is that I received an official update notice pointing me to a poll on BGG. Anyone and their grand-mother can vote on this question. And, it is unfair that people other than backers get a say on this. Rik, I think you need another mechanism to ask the question, not a public BGG poll. No China (and no New Zealand) are a bummer... and we still do need something to fill the gap between the rule book/binder and the all important carrying case! Binder, without a doubt! This a game system you know! -Ski hi,i would like to see the binder,on a side note the chinese are to important not to be inluded,i may have missed it but about the dutch,or the indian army,any of these would makr this game evev greater.also may i add a job is being done by all.thanks doug Every ASLer can attest to the fact that the binder is the way to go. Shucks, ever update notification I get all hopeful this will be the one that shows us completed examples of the soldier cards or examples of the other action cards or the backs of the country deck or the cover art for the box or.... Just a bit of back of the envelope figuring in regard to the stretch goals. There are roughly 383 hours left to go before the end of the campaign. An average pledge of $116.30 per hour will get us to 200K by the end. The average pledge per hour until the end of the campaign would have to reach $312.12 in order to achieve the 275K goal. The campaign has been averaging about $202 in pledges per hour up to this point. I'd be surprised if we didn't reach the goals up to 200K at this point but it looks like 275K might be a stretch (pun intended). @Charles Yes more tokens on top of the two sets we are currently getting. @Nick... What about a small companion binder, something along the lines of a day planner, for updates, new scenarios, etc? Maybe as a stretch goal beyond the $200,000 mark. I know that the final version of the rulebook has not been decided yet but maybe they could do something along those lines. @Nick... a like the idea, but I think it would be tricky to balance utility and aesthetic considerations in a case like this. Can I put in a request that the leather-bound rulebook be somehow updatable? A game of this complexity, no matter how well playtested, will need errata. Not only that, but with so many expansions, it'd be great to be able to add in new rules as they are released. A high-quality leatherbound binder with high-quality printing seems like a good compromise. I'd hate to have a beautiful book rendered less useful by a stream of errata and re-balancing rules changes. We are certainly moving along! That $200k is looking like a good bet...... -Ski Not anxious, just excited. really we're going to get update comments every $1,000? People sure are anxious. And the odometer clicks over $153,000. Inching ever closer to more Goals. Yeah, adding additional sets of tokens as an add-on would be something I could get behind. Duane... we are getting two sets of generics thanks to breaking $150K... do you mean more than that? would it be possible to get more generic tokens? I had an idea of running things sorta like campaigns with multiple battling going on. I think someone mentioned that a company makes sleeves with a size suitable for Tarot cards. Apparently you can trim the ends of those sleeves to fit the AFV cards. Ugh, is there even any sleeves big enough for the AFVs? I'm still hoping that they boost the size of the AFVs to double the size of the regular cards. That would mean they are more impressive, more room for text (or in crease font), and that there are sleeves of that size. Rik, is that even doable? If not I'll scan them and do them myself. Earlier in this KS the low projections were well above $200K, then that dipped during the middle days when the pledges were low. This is my first KS but according to others these things gain a lot of momentum as they near the end. That seems to be the way this one is going, which is great. We got to get to that rulebook and I'd hate to miss getting the canvas bag too. The minimum bound on Kicktraq's "projection cone" for the project is now above $200,000 for the first time that I'm aware of, so we should at least get to the leatherbound rule book unless something goes significantly wrong. $152K... excellent. Just remember, every dollar that comes in is a dollar that helps all of us! Also, I wanted to point out that there are still 11 out of 20 (CPT) German SS pledge spots left. These are $225 and allow you to put the name of your choice (within reason) on a German SS Private Rank personality card. Insane is correct! I have a lot of sleeves to buy!! -Ski Wowza, that's a few cards Matt Price has been tracking the various bonus levels and the total amount of loot involved in getting into the Kickstarter... here are his current totals... To date, we're up to 2,132 cards, including: - 782 personality cards - 226 weapon cards - 152 AFV cards - 972 action cards (6 separate action decks) (+ a 2nd set of generic tokens) Also, crossing $150K also gives us the extra set of Generic Tokens! Two games at the same time! Too bad, I could have become american... the ADDAMS family! BTW, about group tokens, will we have them for Norway, Finnish, etc? Poland is ours!!!! We are but one step behind Poland (a very small step for the project, a very big one, bla bla). But I'm still worried about hitting the 200K in about two weeks. Hope there will be expansions for what wasn't reached and for other possible nations. Up Front has a lot of potential. @Paul... I think the crossover is still being designed, so I don't know how many details there will be. Not sure how a DDD crossover would work. Anyway, I'm as excited as you are that it looks like will hit Poland this weekend. Keep spreading the word! Super excited we are about to hit the goal for Poland. As a LfL on both ABiYP and DDD, I'm very interested in the ABiYP crossover. Can we get some additional details on that. I was also wondering if a Up Front - DDD crossover is in the works. And now for something completely different... I just bought D-Day Dice at my local gaming store during their holiday sale event. Okay... back to the Up Front campaign. smalczak, well said. I'm definitely for keeping the bag as a stretch goal. Putting some other stretch goals in at 15K intervals after 200K seems like it would encourage more backers though. @Esoba: the KS is a means to get the first print run covered, so if there's a minimum of 3,500 copies to be run (that sounds low to me, so it might be more) then the KS backers would get the first fraction of those, and the rest would be sent out to retailers and such. Over $148K. Well done guys! We are certainly posed to reach Poland this weekend. Keep spreading the word! Less than two grand to the Poles! -Ski Group tokens are gorgeous! @ Rik Agree on the extra nations not being the best deal, but it would seem plausible to sell the bags for $25 a pop if the 275K goal is not reached. You'd probably move at least 500-1,000 of those for an extra $12,500-25,000 to cover them. It is really nice to have the D-Day dice bag to keep all the stuff together, and the UpFront bag would serve a similar purpose. I am not a business person, so this may be an ignorant and nonsense comment, but it seems like there has to be a way to put optional buy-ins at a price point that makes it economically feasible. Also, if there is a 3500 copy minimum, I do not see a way that this KS will have anywhere near enough backers for 3500 copies (as it would be over 3 copies per person currently), so I may not grasp that part of the feasibility. And why not some expansions? After all, that's the case for all tactical games. If they work commercially speaking, expansions can be worth published. I'm sure they would be bought by a lot of those who acquired the game. As I read through the original rules, there are COUNTLESS places where something could be streamlined. There are sooooo many exceptions and one-off rules that probably dont add much to the gameplay (the AFV section alone has a ton of such rules). To me, it looks like in many cases rules were inserted simply because the concept existed in Squad Leader and Up Front was intended to cover (almost) everything SL did, but in card game format. So if the new version isnt necessarily bound by that marketing constraint, a lot of steamlining and smoothing of the gameplay could be easily accomplished. The problem here is that game has existed in it's current form for ~30 years. So making changes to the tried and true gameplay is not something to be taken lightly. Each of those rules adds up to make Up Front's gameplay unique. So the question would be where do you draw the line on keeping the game system intact vs simplifying/streamlining? IMO, it would very easy to accidentally throw the baby out with the bathwater if they go too far. I'm sure each of us could come up with a list of rules that seem unimportant or cumbersome to us and lobby to have them removed/changed. I know there are a handful of rules that I read and think "yeah, I'll never remember that since it's so edge-case so why even have that rule?". But with each change, the game morphs slightly farther and farther from it's original gameplay that was such a special mix. Now with that said, I'm all for clarifying and simplifying aspects through graphic re-design and rules presentation. And often a collection of examples can go a long way towards explaining a concept, so more examples are ALWAYS welcome! And if there are rules that truly are found to be superfluous, then by all means they should be able to make a call and remove/change them. But my guess is that the number of those changes should be quite low in order to maintain the integrity of the ruleset. Either way, I want that bag. But I really like the idea of buy-in options to increase the pledge amount. Folks who are in for less than the $125 might consider adding X bucks to get the winter action deck, or a second set of Finns, or a third set of tokens, etc. Agree - storage solutions are needed but I just don't think they work well for stretch goals if they are really that expensive to manufacture. Regardless, I am having a great time with the campaign and can't wait to see what happens over the next couple weeks. Rik seems to listen to the backers here in the comment section so I think we can possibly reshape this thing to make it da-bomb. @Shane: I'm with you, I want the bag as a add-on Shane, if the whole game will weight 12 lbs, we'll need a backpack and not a bag! :-) *bag (not back) I think that back could be cool but wonder (because of cost) if it wouldn't just be better to offer it as an add-on instead of a stretch. I that the gap between 200 and 275 is such a jump that it seems impossible to achieve. On the other hand if you fill that gap with other armies, scenarios, leather-bound scenarios, better chits, strategy guides, General articles, or whatever it might be more motivating to potential backers. My vote: make the bag an add-on and keep giving us stretches at 10-15k. Mark, I agree that if the fire is using only one heavy weapon, it could have some effect on the game. But the weapon is still jammed and the player will have to wait a turn before attempting to repair. And as you said about smoke, the bullets are flying nonetheless. @Marc I'd agree to not need to recalculate after a smoke is gone, the bullets are already flying why would the absence of smoke change much? But you can't do that for weapon malfunction. If you did the Red 6 would lose it's affect on the game. The defender couldn't hope for it to get them out of a jam and the attacker wouldn't fear it as much. @Matt - Rik has previously stated that due to the cost of providing the satchel for free, that extra money is needed. So, I'm doubtful of any stretch goals in that space. However, I firmly believe that adding some optional buy in stretch goals would definitely provide this KS with a jump start. For example, and extra nation (i.e. china) that you pay X amount extra for. I'd like to propose a simple rule change if you please: During a fire, if ever a weapon malfunctions or there is breeze and the targeted group is smoked, you have to recompute the fire value according to original rules. I propose not to do that because of two reasons: - One, I hate that (well... I don't like that). Recomputing during fire resolution is annoying. - Two, it's not as if soldiers fired upon are hit one after the other in reality. The fire is done simultaneously, but for practical reasons, we need to determine the fire result sequentially. I just feel that we shouldn't reduce or increase the fire value in the midst of a fire. Wow, with over two and a half weeks left, and deep in the holiday (read: spending) season, I don't think it's premature to start thinking about those stretch goals to add to sweeten the path between $200K and 275!! Thoughts on adding a $325 LTC (Canada) level (and, for that matter, adding such a level for any other nationality that happens to sells out at the $225 level)? Based on how fast the Canadian $225 level sold out, I'm pretty sure there's a market for the higher price point. *well done* that is :) Wow, nice over night bump... we done gang. And welcome aboard new backers! @smalczak You hit the nail on the head: this is an incredibly good price for so much. For collectors and Up Front fans it's a must. For those who think they might enjoy it, it's just too much of a good bargain not to at least put down $40. I understand that in this economy that $125 for a game may be too much for some, much less the higher tiers for the coolness of named cards or art -- I wish I could spend more. But if you have the money, this will be your one chance to get this game at such a good price. Once we get past the "bump down" of $3900 for the possible loss of naming of USMC, Folgore and SS over 150K I think we'll have a fair shot at reaching those stretches. And with them, maybe a few higher tier buys after Christmas doesn't bring the wanted gaming gift or does bring the money. Still, I'll be full of angst until the end. Thank you whoever dropped out of the CPT (Canada)! Now I just need to figure out ASAP how I can afford it or I'll have to drop too! :) My guess is that the higher the back rewards get, the harder it will be for people to hold out and not back this. I mean you're looking at a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to get ALL of the minors for one (good) price. If people were sitting on the fence about backing, seeing all those rewards should draw them out. On another note, do we know if everything from the original will be in? Campaigns? Random DYO? Team Rules? Well, we only have to get another $35K in 18 days. I doubt the KS Crew are even thinking about the need for alternate incentives... unless we are talking about potential incentives between 200K and 275K! I've been wondering if they'll come up with an incentive not to drop the extra pledge if your naming army doesn't get met. Not sure what that would be though. There is some cause for confidence, though. Klicktraq is starting to show it's *lowest* projections well above $180K... and of course we are going into the terrain of the most sought-after rewards.. Of course, we can't slack up. We have to keep spreading the word. I hate to be a party pooper but at least $6k of that $145.6k funding is conditional in getting to $180+k for the USMC, Folgore, & SS. So no, we have not made it to Romania entirely yet, Romania is OURS! Hey hey! Finally, Romania! Now a short hop to the Polish and those extra chits. :-) Goal!!!!! Wow, so... very... close... Shane... here's a list of the Up Front items on BoardGameGeek... follow the various links to the expansions... <url>"swap out" cards to replace sand with hedgerows? @Charles ... No doubt. I'm sickened. $144K... amazing. A bright spot on a dark day .....And getting ever closer to the Romanians and the treasures beyond! -Ski 1000+ backers. It's wonderful to be part of a large and growing effort. @Bruno. Got the update too and hope it provides a boost. I've been playing the game solo on Vassal and am absolutely amazed at what can be accomplished tactically and strategically with just cards. I've played alot of both ASL and Combat Commander and find that Up Front scratches the same itch - but by only using cards. Amazing! Past $143K and so close to 1000 backers. Excellent. @Shane I received a email few minutes ago from Rik informing me that the goal was reached! I've said this before...I think the AiYP'ers (of which I am one) need a new email informing them that the stretch has been met. Seeing as how I live in the town where the Devil's Brigade originated, I'm hopeful they will come out with a Devil's Brigade stretch goal. @ Paul Cooper: you missed it. There was a huge spike in supporters when Rik sent out the Up Front email to DDD and AiyP supporters just over two weeks ago. From what I have seen, the "new" terrain is simply a real card of that terrain type. In the old game you would have to remember that "woods" was actually a "Snowbank" and mentally transpose that when the card came up during play. Now you will have an actual "snowbank" card, which never existed before. So its always the same Action deck, just different terrain substituted in to match the theme. The downside of course is that the old way you would just use 1 action deck (as you were imagining the different terrains), now you have specific action decks for Snow, Desert, Jungle, etc. So its more decks (only 1 at a time played) to keep track of but easier to play. @Marc, the team recently announced they no longer will be going with a sideways soldier to indicate crewing. So the chits, I mean counters, are needed again. @Richard, from what I understand each deck will play the same way. The terrain types will be named different but the balance will be the same. However, I believe more weather specific rules might be added that are implemented by scenarios. Like the jungle rule from Banzai. I saw the adjusted Stretch Goals before I hit the hay last night; very pleased to see the positive results... +$1500 since I last checked... and we are also closing in on 1000 supporters... in itself a very cool milestone. Will we get Romania today? It's absolutely in the realm of possibility! Amen Eduardo! @Teamski: exactly my feeling. The real problem of this kickstarter will be the wait 'till it´s released! :) I am getting more excited about Up Front every day! Man, I am so looking forward to playing British paras at Arnhem and the 29th Infantry Division at Omaha! How about the Polish 5th Krasawa Infantry Division at Monte Cassino vs. German Paras or the 101st at Bastone? Up Front 2.0 is really going to crack the game system wide open! -Ski Respectfully disagree - Sleeves are available anytime. The bag is probably a one shot deal. If one doesn't want the bag, it will probably have great resale value as well, enough to buy lots of sleeves. Different art on new terrain cards would be refreshing, even they just rehashed the characteristics of existing cards. Devil's Brigade is quite intriguing, but as for major nationalities, China (Nat. & Com.) should definitely be considered next. Thanks for the extra counters @ 150 guys! @ Gerg: The bag is unique. Sleeves you can buy in any hobby shop. OK, it would have been useful to save money on sleeves but the bag is really special. I see on the counters samples that there is a crew counter. I thought the new rules said that they were no more needed because you just have to pivot the crew soldier. I would much rather have sleeves than a bag. I'd like to hear more about the expansion terrains decks and rules. We are getting new terrain types, like alleyway, deep snow, rooftop and so on. Are these really new terrains with new attributes not seen in Up Front! before? Or are they more like artwork depicting appropriate-themed train types, but are really sort of re-skinned original deck terrain (like how Jungle was Woods in the original game)? Also, new rules are mentioned and, in the case of the Soviet expansion, it mentions Berserk as a new rule. How so, since the original game had berserk rules? Will this be changed in the KS rules? You know what wolud be cool? a stretch goal with Brazilian nationality... =P Rik, As a LfL supporter of DDD and ABiYP, I was wondering why I was receiving mail from you promoting another company's game, but nothing regarding Up Front. Will you be sending out an email to DDD and ABiYP supporters regarding Up Front? I think many ABiYP supporters would be very interested in hearing that Up Front has hit it's "Airborne" stretch goal. I'm curious. With all of the stretch rewards will everything fit in the box? If not, it would be nice to have an option to purchase a second box or a much bigger storage solution. Nice, the people were asking for counters and the Up Front team has answered. Also I thinking moving the bag up is a classy move... now I'm wondering if we're going to hear anything else about the Devil's Brigade? Counters are good! Update #20: my wishes come true! Here's hoping for $275K! @ArtB... there's a little bit of a discussion on BoardGameGeek about the font issue. It looks like your concern (shared by others) is being addressed. Ski, excellent summary. @Shane -- Examples of "special" abilities include Banzai charges of the Japanese and Human Wave attacks of the Soviets. Not all nations have special rules like that. For others, it might be a bigger hand size like the US. I'm sure that the terrain effects will have a big impact on gameplay in some way. It may be movement and cover above all with limited ranges for city fighting (an assumption on my part). I think you will really be surprised how deep the game is. This is exactly why the game is considered a true Grail in the wargaming world. -Ski @Shane: Nationalities have three ways to distinguish themselves, aside their soldiers and weapons: 1- How many cards on their hands, from 4 to 6, meaning their degree of preparation when launching an attack. US are the best, Soviet are the worst. 2- their discard ability. From one, (worst are French, and Germans if they can't act, Soviet are the best). It's meaning is to simulate the ability of nations to change plans or to react to what happens. 3- Split actions: Some actions cards are displaying two actions, one being used by some nations, the other by other nations. A nation may use either. It allows the game to render one nation better at movement, concealment, rally, smoke, etc. @Rik 1) Please don't use that font on the small text on the cards. It's eye strain do to the interrupted lines. It looks awesome for the titles, but a small 'o' 'e' and 'c' are hard to distinguish. It's a usability flaw. 2) I was reading the rules and it mentioned that for initial terrain set-up you cannot play Wire or Smoke or Marsh or Minefields. Looking at Marsh cards there doesn't seem to be any symbols that would serve as reminders of this rule. It seems like a little detail but it will help bring more people into the game. Even something as small as a 'S' crossed out in red next to the terrain type would be nice. 3) I'd love to have two cards included for reference that instead of values have text of what values in these positions mean. It'd be a nice reference to have. Dang... already sneaking up on $141K. It's the special abilities that intrigue me. Have any examples? Also, it makes sense that the terrain decks would have the same basic cards (move, rally, fire, etc.) and a variety of different terrains. Would a battle of Americans v. Germans be much different when using the standard deck, city deck, or jungle deck? I love games with endless combinations that really mix things up and force players to adjust with different strategies. Will I find that in this game? @Shane -- The countries are quite different ranging on card hand size, morale and special abilities. The action decks are identical with the exception of the terrain effects. I am really excited about that alone! -Ski Question for the Up Front experts: I love many nations and many decks but what I'm really wondering is if they really play differently? Are there a couple dominant strategies that work regardless of nationality? Or must you play each deck differently? Also, from my recent introduction to the game it seems that each terrain deck would also change the game very much. Is that correct? Okay, as promised I upped my pledge when we broke $140K. Just a little nudge on the way to $145K... and beyond! $140K!! Yay! Now just another smallish step to pull in those Romanians. So close to $140K. Just one $125 pledge away. @Richard -- +1! I don't agree, Mark. Gully looks fine, hill look like hills. :-) And I wouldn't want terrain cards to depict soldiers doing an action like moving or shooting. We have the personality cards to depict the soldiers and the game mechanics take care of the action. Just wanted to offer another perspective. (ugh, chock full of typos, but you get the idea.) Okay, so I'm announcing a one man challenge! When the pledge total hits $140K I'm going to up my pledge by $40 for an extra base copy for my buddy Matt. Matt's a great guy and probably far too distracted to participate himself. I just want us to give us a little nudge toward get to the Stretch Goals both near and far. Unless I'm miscounting there are 6 Stretch Goals in the next ~$60K! Let's do it! I fell the terrain cards are lacking something. The gully is too thin. The hill doesn't look like much a hill for my taste. Maybe the artist could add some features, for example some soldiers running along a wider gully, or firing from the hill top. Make them a bit move 'live'. Other that, they are cool. At the very least, the Marines! -Ski Don't care about the sleeves...don't care about the satchel, but I really, REALLY want the bound rulebook. Terrain cards look excellent. $60K in 19 days? You never know! @ Lee--- They do look great, and this is going to be a long overdue offering, and upgrade of a classic game. Also good to see that we finally cracked 139K, but I'm still hoping for that bound rulebook :-) Those sample terrain cards look really nice. With just about every Eastern European country covered, I think the Japanese need some new opponents too! Yes, Ghurkas would be sweet, but others had mentioned them. But what of Mao (How can you ignore that smiling face?) And those nationalist dogs too! They could fight Japan or Mao! Fun note, one of the first German to die in the War was a German advising nationalist Chinese troops in 1937. The earliest American Causalities were a gunboat attacked by Japan in Chinese waters in 1937, and an Embassy guard in Finland when Russia bombed Helsinki in 1939. @ Jeremy -- An old subject. Also, Ghurkas would be nice. -Ski You know, given all the other nations listed, I'm a little surprised there is no Chinese forces. Maybe another stretch goal? Thanks for the answers. Another question: Not that I consider buying a tier with a card displaying my name, but I wondered where it could fit? I was thinking of British because of the jewish brigade, but then, it appears they were mostly if not all from eastern european origins, and not northern african like me. Maybe the the french army of Africa, or even some gurkha (found such a name for an Indian movie). Maybe Finnish...? It would be nice if we could up our pledge say around $5/$10 to get an extra set of chits/tokens! I guess the US Commissary Tier might have to ship in multiple boxes. That's $600 for 6 copies including ALL armies and Stretch goals with shipping including. 75lbs+ of game. That's what I call buying in bulk! (The International version of the same Tier says, not surprisingly, "Please Contact us for a directly for a shipping quote prior to pledging for this tier.") @ADDA there is a discount, check the faq: Yes, if you don't live in the US you can still pledge. Simply add the shipping costs to your pledge as follows; Canada - $10 shipping for first complete tier and $5 for each additional complete tier. Europe - $35 shipping for first complete tier and $20 for each additional complete tier. International (other than Europe) - $45 shipping for first complete tier and $25 for each additional complete tier. @Marc ADDA - it looks like it depends on whether you are in the US or not. In the US, it appears that shipping is always free no matter how much you buy... outside the US your copies of the game ship at a discounted rate after the first. Go to the bottom of the homepage where the FAQ is, and you'll see an answer to your question. It is under the choice "Can I my [it should say buy] multiples of a single tier." Here's what it says: "Yes (and no). We cannot sell multiples of limited quantity tiers under one username. However, for all the unlimited tiers, you can buy multiples under one pledge. Simply pay the amount for how many copies of the tier you want and the required amount of shipping fees. Shipping for multiple tiers will be discounted slightly as follows; Canada - $10 shipping for first complete tier and $5 for each additional complete tier. Europe - $35 shipping for first complete tier and $20 for each additional complete tier. International (other than Europe) - $45 shipping for first complete tier and $25 for each additional complete tier." Are the shipping costs the same whether you buy a complete game or 6 of them through the same pledge? @David... yes... an additional base game is eligible for all the stretch goals. Add the amount for the additional game to your pledge. You'll receive a form at the end of the Kickstarter where you can indicate that you've purchased an additional base game. (I'm not part of the Kickstarter team, but this is how folks have answered before.) This probably has already been answered but, if I want another base game I can just add that to my total pledge amount? If so will that also be eligible for the stretch goals? Thanks. I concur with Charles.... -Ski Ah, but if you release it now, then it could drum up support. People see it, click it, and then start looking around for the Kickstarter. That's how it worked with the Ogre Kickstarter, and that did pretty darn well. Is anyone interested in creating a Microbadge for the Up Front Kickstarter over on BoardGameGeek? I created a thread about it here: <url>"Courtney Allen and Emmanuel Aquin ( D-Day Dice and Airborne In Your Pocket ) have agreed to work together to design a mini expansion that enables Up Front and Airborne In Your Pocket to be played together. The mini expansion will be played by both Allied and Axis players as the scenario set-up for the Up Front game." So, I think the reason that there's scant info is that it's still being developed. Airborne is 150 personality cards, recreating the airborne units used in AIYP. We never got an explanation as to what the crossover item was. But we definitely get the men in the airborne units shown (ie the patches on the stretch goal). I would guess the crossover is a scenario or special rules to mimic the AIYP game, but that is wild speculation. Romania is not that far off. Would love to hit that today and Poland by tomorrow. :-) Sorry if this was answered prior. What is the Airbourne stretch goal? Is it a new deck of Action cards? How does the Airbourne in the Pocket crossover work? Do players start with Airboune ITP and then move on to Up Front? $137K and not even lunch time (at least here on the US West Coast). Excellent! Thanks issac, those do look nice. What do you use to trim the tarot size? Issac, thank you for the heads-up. That's a great tip. Initially went for $60, but then reconsidered and went the "whole hog" and did $125! What the heck, I may as well get the whole kit & kaboodle!!! MayDay has sizes exactly to fit the two sizes of cards. Personally, I really don't like the quality of MayDay sleeves and I have purchased some only because nobody else had a particular odd size. Fantasy Flight Games' (FFG) sleeves are excellent and I always buy those. The smaller size you want in FFG is "FFG Gray". For the larger size, FFG has "FFG Orange" which is the standard Tarot size. It is longer than the AFV cards. I own a trimmer so I don't mind at all trimming them. And, there aren't that many AFV cards anyway. It is worth the trouble to me use FFG sleeves. I've done this in a couple of special situations and there was no problem with consistancy. No worries. Speaking of card sizes, does anybody have a good idea of some good quality sleeves that will work with those sizes. Thanks, E! @Charles - According to the FAQ on the home page: Personality cards, Weapon cards and Action cards will all be the standard 62x88 mm. AFV cards will be 70x100mm. The cards will be slightly thinner than the cards in Dominion. pcalvi asked the card sizes last night... did anyone get around to answering him? I know it's in one of the Updates but not which one... anyone got an answer for that. @Marc -- From what I understand they want to keep the play balance of the original, so yes, no new actions or random events. Only the terrain effects will change between action decks. -Ski GREAT! I'm sure I'm not the only one wondering how they will look like. I suppose they will have the same features as before (no new actions, random events, etc)? Excellent, Up Front is in Today's Kicktraq Hot Seven. I've been watching this KS campaign from the start and an so excited finally to be baking it! I'm new to Up Front and am looking very forward to learning to play it :-) Hopefully my wife will play with me... I owe the original game since errr... 30 years, more or less (ouch, that HURTS!!!) and played with one of the pledger, a friend of mine who didn't know the game. He liked it!!! But, as I said previously, something should be done to help the player with the action cards, which must say if that card is an action, a discard, both, etc. And also, that 'radio', 'breeze', etc. on the right part should be distinguished from each other in that sense that breeze is a random event, radio is an action (in fact, a 'rally 5 and a radio' action card is in fact a spit action card), ford or flank are in addition to movement. For a beginner, that can really be confusing. Hope the action cards are not definitely over and can feature that. Otherwise, I'm still wainting eagerly for the thousand cards I will receive! wwooo airborne!! already got the D-Day firing squad of that game so adding this is a good idea heh. Yes the card info is listed in one of the updates, but I'm not sure which one. Someone around here will know. Have the sizes of the cards been listed anywhere? Awesome... $135. Today has exceeded my expectations. Suddenly we are only $10K away from Romania & $15K away from Poland... and after that we get to contemplate even cooler goals. This is getting to be a better deal all the time! We are now getting 1,961 cards for $125 (at my current level). That works out to 6.3 cents per card, and there's little doubt that the Romanians will make it soon with another 72 cards, which will drop the per card cost even more. Of course, if we get to the rulebook as I'm hoping, that'll be another 392 cards for a total of 2,253 cards! Rik will need to design a really big box to hold all those sleeved! Thanks to whoever posted this up on TGN. I didn't know about it until then. Grabbed the last USMC Named card. WhooHooo!! Bill Time to let the AiYP backers know that the AiYP stretch has been unlocked. Perhaps those who were uninterested before might be interested now! @AnotherHorrorFan I think it helps dispel those that think its a fake. Plus, even if it falls through at least we'll have updated rules for Up Front! ;) I could credit reaching airborne with this sudden swell of pledges, but I think it has everything to do with the increase in previews of game components. Rik, please keep these coming. PFC London is looking to storm Iwo Jima! @Gregory... remember to tell your friends. You want folks you can play with! Sweet... Spread the word and watch the pledges increase @Gregory -- Welcome aboard! From what we have heard, the gamebox will be able to hold all of the initial game cards, sleeved! Thank you for posting this on Tabletop Gaming News!! I am now M/SGT Backer, now to figure out a way to organize all these cards. Do people understand how big of a value this Kickstarter is? Just looking at the number of cards you get just from the stretch rewards alone is daunting..... On to Romania! DoH!!!!! Yeah, I was sitting tail gunner. -Ski Ski, I think you're looking in the rear-view mirror! Now we're cooking with Crisco (or in my case Olive Oil). What a great day! I see those Hungarians in my sight! So exciting! -Ski Caleb, if you're willing to go outside the US, there are many naming options left. I posted this on my Facebook. Let's hope that generates some buzz. I only wish I had gotten in soon enough to get to name a card. Would have loved that! Oh well. Such is life! Wow, $134K in the bag... do I hear $135K? Well done, Jonathan! I sent in a little blurb to Tabletop Gaming News, looks like they used it. Hopefully the additional publicity will equate to more pledges! <url>"experimental build" which I've been assuming means they are still experimenting with the cone for accuracy? Anyways that cone has the high below 200K. So, I am upping my pledge by $75. If every single person that is backing this project does the same, all the stretch goals up to the $200,000 will be all but licked! To paraphrase Uncle Sam: "I want you to up your pledge for 'Up Front!'" Excellent progress. As more updates with finished cards are shown, I'm sure the numbers will continue to climb. There's always a last-second surge in any KS campaign. In other good news, Board Game Geek seems to have moved on to a new scandal. Apparently some people don't like the The Guns of Gettysburg box art, and therefore the world is ending. It is ugly art, but hardly worth the time and energy expended by the community. In any case, I'm looking forward to more constructive comments about the future of Up Front! Getting so close. Want the band of brothers sooooo bad. Less than $1500 to Easy Company, 506th and the beleagured 2nd Battalion, Parachute Regiment! -Ski Nice, we've ticked up over $128K and we're also approaching 900 Backers. @Esoba -- Yeah I hate it too. It seems that KD is going through the same thing right now, so it isn't just Up Front..... -Ski Kicktraq is showing $245k so I still think we will make the rulebook. @Richard - Good point. It is just always difficult to watch the lull period in a KS that you really like. If we maintain a steady pledge level of $1200/day, we should cross $150,000 by the end and that does not include any bump toward the end. Looking at the pledge history so far, the lowest pledge day was $1375 (excluding the one day where a backer at the General level dropped out). Possibly as we near those USMC and rulebook levels, it will result in increased pledging. $1K a day? Probably low. Remember that the Kickstarter runs through the one time of year that Americans love to spend money. And, Kickstarters tend to accelerate at the end. @ArtB - I fear you may be right, which would make me a sad panda, since I am really hoping for the completion of all the extra nations and that rule book. Hey, a nice overnight bump! Now we are knocking on the door to $128K. Would be great to hit $130K by some time tomorrow. If you haven't looked ahead, you might be interested to know that we've got bonuses at $145K & $150 K. I estimate that, including the final kick we should be averaging around a $1k a day for the rest of the campaign. Which would bring us to $148k which may seen like within striking range of $150k... but then a lot of people will be getting money back because they are funding named USMC cards, Poland cards, SS cards, folgore cards. When you count that in I suspect the AiyP stretch goal is the last one we will hit. I do not understand the latest update (#17). As I suppose the package will not display a big SS (and maybe an even bigger svastika), does it mean that custom have... the custom (no pun intended) to open package and... 'oh God! those are neo-**** propaganda or worst a training kit for the next war!!!!' ? Personnaly, I've never suffer such thing from custom. Fortunaltely. Then maybe that black band should be at the bottom of the card. In the event of malfunction, just push the weapon card toward the soldier card to allow just that band to appear. It would be more visible that this soldier is unarmed. Otherwise, it's a good idea. Hope that cards will stay in place during play (they have the bad habit not to do that and have a life of their own...) By just looking at the card I would suspect that the malfunction bar is normally not shown. When you malfunction you pull the card down and reveal the black Malfunction band. They were trying to get rid of as many chits as they could with the revamp design. Weapon Cards look fantastic! I hope Rik is watching the spike, right after the preview was released. Keep 'em coming Radiant Gaming! I love the new weapon cards. I didn't know hat one card = two weapons, and that's very good. I especially like the dynamic pose of the weapons. How a malfunctionned weapon will be represented? A counter? flip the weapon card which is the broken side of the weapon? Hopefully we can continue the momentum! Hmmm... don't look now, but we're sneaking up on $127K. @teamski - Yes sir...both this and that should keep me busy for a nice long while I'm excited !! Update 16 includes some weapon cards art. Check it out. @Dave -- I concur! If the weapons cards are this good, then I couldn't imagine how good the game will look! -Ski Any thoughts on slipping in a Chinese expansion at say $215K or $225K? Seems strange to have Norway and not have have China given that there was vastly more combat in the latter than the former. Awesome weapons cards !! Kicktraq is showing $252k so we should easy make it past the $130 goal and hopefully onto the rulebook. @Esoba.....Another KD backer, I see. -Ski Well it appears pledges are moving again. Hopefully we blow through the 130K level fairly quickly. @Isaac - to save you trawling through all the comments, the reason for the two pledge levels is initially there was only a "Ships within the US Only" M/SGT level. After requests from backers a more international-friendly M/SGT level was created. No difference in the pledge levels other than this. For a US backer, what's the difference between M/Sgt ($125) (US shipping only), which is sold out, and the other M/Sgt ($125)? Why the two tiers? Closing in on $126. Good to see it. @Art: you can close a pledge level if no one has pledged, right? If a level has a backer, you can't close it and re-open the same tier. But I agree, that if a reward isn't getting any interest, scaled funding should be looked at. It's not necessarily fair across the board, but some countries are obviously more popular than others, for one reason or another. @Jason Miller He could close the tier and open a new one with the same bonus. I'd love to give my son a card with his name on it (my country is one of the 9/10 free) but a $100 is too much for me, though I won't say it's unreasonable in general. That said, I really think it'd be a much better for limited rewards to have Dutch Auctions. That would resolve the issue with setting the right prices: <url>#A_second_item_auction The minimum price should be the break-even price so they ca't lose money on it. Once a pledge level has a supporter, I don't believe the project creator can fool around with the prices, at least without creating another pledge level. ArtB's quote: "Also, I think the other countries should have been dropped: supply and demand. Romania is getting no love." Couldn't agree more. "Put your name on a card" reward should be less expensive for minor nations. I pledged at 125$ level + 35 for shipping to Europe, and another 100$ is a bit too much :( @Joe F. Rik confirmed they'll be 70x110. They're using the bigger real estate to fit all the info on these cards better. They have the Mayday 70x110 in mind. BTW, aside AFV cards, will all the other cards be the same size? Maybe i'm strange, But I don't care about sleeves, or bags, I just want more nations. @Joe There's a very good possibility the sleeves will be too small anyway. I'm hoping Swan Panasia is fully operational soon so I can try their sleeves out, as I've had it with Mayday's QC. Shipping 30 packages of premium sleeves back to Mayday because they're all too small, about half too short and about half too narrow. So what size are the AFV cards going to be? I see 70mmx100mm listed and 70mmx110mm. Which one? If the 110mm, the Mayday Silver ones will be too small... There was a suggestion as to how to play the Chinese in the Relative Range magazine many years ago. @Mark: I believe all the stretch nations are originally fan-made offerings. The PCs and any rules related to them already exist. I don't think there are any brand new troop types being created by this KS. I'm not aware of any Chinese variant, but that isn't saying much as I am not that familiar with all that has been available for UF over the years. Anyone know if any Chinese PCs/variant exist? Yes, as Mark J said earlier. Having Courtney Allen do an introduction to the game, I think would have good effect on the progress. There's still 24 days to go and there are a whole lot of things the team can do for PR. I would guess they have some plans. @Marc - As a beginner myself that would be helpful. However, I'm counting on being a quick study and having the rule book handy. I have some questions about the cards of the action deck. By looking at the original UF, I see that nothing on those cards, aside some exceptions, tells you if the cards is an action (like movement, fire...), discard like sniper, both like terrain, or none at all like hero of concealment. I feel it's a good idea, especially for beginners, to add such a reminder on c ards. About other nations, I didn't trealised that Chinese are not there. Ok, it surely like some others, like ANZAC or what else, but it could be an interesting opponent for the Japanese. 125K, one soldier at a time! Perhaps with a strong weekend push we can hit 130, or be close enough to see it? Yay, we broke 125K.....again... :) The bag and the hard bound rules would both be sweet hope that happens! This bag idea isn't bad, though I do wonder if they can change the goals once the ball is rolling? Either way I'm happy to see progress. Will pledge for the bag too... @James - That's good and I'm with ya. @Pharmpro - I would definitely raise my pledge if the bag came as an add on. With some folks dropping out and others still grumbling about the legal stuff, I've decided to raise my pledge to $125 to show faith and support in the kickstarter. @ Tim Maybe the bag will be offered as an add-on, like they did with the one for D-Day Dice (<url>"Up Front" is just so darn easy to teach and play, yet still full wargame. Considering how much this game would have cost retail for the base game and then each of the stretch rewards as expansions, I think it's a steal. Looking at how many are listed as owners on BGG, I think 850+ backers so far is great too. Not everyone is going to pony up for a game they already own, but here's a chance for those who missed it and noobs to get an AH classic in modern card stock. I bet a statement or a short video clip from Courtney Allen himself would be hugely beneficial to the campaign. I believe he is a part of the re-print team. Guys, sorry I didn't mean to stir the pot. I am also in for a $125 pledge, and if the named card deal hadn't jumped $200, I probably would have gone in for another $100 to do that. I was just trying to make a suggestion that some outreach, if possible within whatever legal constraints there are, might draw some of those on-the-fence pledges out, which would be good for all of us. And, yes, I view this investment with a much more positive eye than the silver mine I invested in about 25 years back that cost me $500. I was also a Captain Crab stockholder....have you seen a lot of those on your local street corners lately? :-) This is a great venture and a heckuva deal! Haha... a typo, of course, meant below to read... "How many of us have spent that much and more for a game that just wasn't that great?" Yes, agonizing over $40 a game does seem odd. Honestly, many of us have spent that much and more for a game that just wasn't that great? I'm in for $125, and I have a very limited game budget. I think this is a great investment... and I think it would be a really solid investment if the Kickstarter ended the second I posted this. Of course, I want to see all the Stretch Armies in... but the game with all the core armies, and with all the extras that are already included, seems like a heck of an opportunity. But, hey, I'm just one guy that missed out on UF the first time around... not planning on missing out again. Guys, chill out. I'm already in at $125. Rik convinced me that there is no risk of the money being seized. It's the fence sitters and people scared off by the controversy that need some additional reassurance. I would personally like to see the project blow through all the stretch goals, but I'm seeing a lot of people holding back, refusing to pledge, and some people cancelling pledges. I'm also seeing Kicktraq trends decreasing. That should concern all of us. All I'm suggesting is that perhaps a little "concrete" reassurance might convince them to stay on the ship or jump on-board. That's all. No need to kill the messenger. I gotta say this is the silliest request I've seen so far. Phil is pretty pissed off, so the idea that he's going to hold hands with Rik and post some legally binding promise not to sue is . . . odd. The most a lawyer could say is that there is no current lawsuit. No American lawyer would ever say "you can never be sued." If you don't believe the words of the owner of the company, don't invest in the Kickstarter. Just wait until it comes out in the store if it bothers you. But all this mental anguish over a $40 game . . . really???? I look at this Kickstarter as a kind of investment opportunity. The payoff may be nothing more than me acquiring a new, updated Up Front complete with all the nationalities, etc. It may also include that new copies of Up Front are created and sold at retail, hopefully expanding the pool of players and interest in the game. I pledged at $125 and see no inordinate risk. Would I like this investment to be guaranteed to be 100% successful? Sure, who wouldn't? I still think it is going to be everything it is advertised to be and am not worried. If I'm wrong and the very worst should happen, I would be out $125. I can afford that. If I were one of the fence sitters, I would consider pledging at least at $40 or $60 so I could be sure to get at least the base game (plus the Russians so as to have what came in the original UF). It's a real stretch to me to see $40 or $60 as inordinate risk here. @Paul -- the problem isn't with having to furnish a legal document. The issue here is that we have a small group of people with only a fraction of the story continually stirring up a pot of conspiracies. As mentioned, all parties legally involved with this situation have stated that there is no risk. The rest of the people have conjectured to establish doubt, which at this point, is becoming more than ever, without foundation of fact. I personally am tired of the continual assertion of speculation being presented as fact. Move on! -Ski Yeah, it seems far fetched that any legal issues with an LLC in Canada could affect one in the US, even one owned by the same holders. It's why you form a "limited liability" corporation. Those folks are just going to pay full retail for what looks like a great value. Corporation: n. An ingenious device allowing individual profit without individual liability. I agree with Pharmpro . There are many potential pledges holding back due to the confusing legal situation and the perceived risk that the product will not be delivered. Rik, you can say all you want about "avoiding disappointment and future regret" to try to convince those holding back on pledging, but that's not going to convince people that this project is not carrying an inordinate amount of risk to the pledges. I think posting either a mutual statement from both Rik and Phil vouching for the safety of the project, or better yet, a legal document stating that Phil has no legal claim regarding this project, would go a long way to encourage more trust, and subsequently more pledges. Rik, this problem is not going to go away, and is having a negative impact on pledge levels. You need to be pro-active and deal with the "problem" instead of ignoring/discounting it and hoping it will go away. Pharmopro -- Both Rik and Valley Games have made comments stating that Radiant and Valley are two distinct different companies. Sure, people are unsettled by it, but I am confident that the game will execute and succeed. Trust me, we will have a bunch of people pledging when the campaign nears its end and concerns over IP subside..... -Ski @Pharmpro - Do you mean in securing rights to the game? Or is there other legal mumbo-jumbo going on? I think that one of the General pledges dropped. The top two categories were sold out before, if I remember correctly. I'm a little concerned that all the legal mumbo-jumbo is deterring bidding, and wish that Rik (or the attorneys) could draft some statement that would put people's minds at ease. Based on what I read here and at other sites, there seem to be a number of potential bidders that are holding back out of fear rather than disinterest in the project. @Eren - Yeah, what the heck happened. Before I left for work this morning I was pumped about hitting 125K today, and now it's at 122K. Did we just lose 2k? Latest update (#14), the pics are cool! But, Rick, what do you mean? They will be ... painted? Like, with a brush and real paints? or purely using a computer? I sound like naïve by saying that... @Mark -- Kicktraq is a great tool, but it cannot predict the results, as the authors have stated many times. Don't forget that there will be a last minute rush that could adjust the flatline quite a bit. I think we are fine. -Ski I have no idea if kicktraq is even a reliable system but as of right now the low trend is for just over $170,000. Hopefully something will light a fire to this campaign soon. Ahh, found the link <url>"Do you see something over that ridge line?" @Charles -- It sure looks that way. Before long, we will be seeing E Company landing in the fields. ;) -Ski @Ski... I think the combination of really cool goals (up to and including $200K) and the fact that this is a limited time offer will make for some solid momentum down the road. In the meantime, we're having a pretty solid day. @Charles -- I think the late rush will get us those US Marines. It will take a while, though. -Ski Fun Fact... I'm actually writing an article for an obscure little role-playing journal that discusses the Soviet NKL-26 Aerosani. This was a prop-powered sled with a ring-mounted machine-gun that saw some action on the Eastern Front in '42. I doubt Up Front would ever have such a funky niche vehicle, but it's cool to know it existed. Use your favorite search engine to find a couple of cool articles and images. Thanks Rik! Considering a gift purchase :) ArtB may have a point. I think there's little chance we won't clear 150K & 180K. I think the USMC should have been higher if it sold out so quickly. Also, I think the other countries should have been dropped: supply and demand. Romania is getting no love. Also, doesn't this mean that we have no idea what stretch goals we have met? If we push up to $150k but not to $180 to get the USMC then we theyll get their refund and the number will drop below $150k and we won't get those rewards despite having crossed that line... @Rik, just wanted to check. If I order anther copy of the game by adding onto my pledge level, do I get the stretch rewards for both my primary pledge and the secondary? That is, do I get two copies of the stretch rewards? Thanks! Will there be a chance for those of us signed up for other nations (such as Australia in my case) to get our names on cards of higher rank than private like the USMC, British, and Germans? Looks like the LTC level names are going more slowly. Six hours since release, and still 3 of 8 USMC PFC names available. Pledge total had been as high as about $122,500, but is now $121,813 (this is not too unusual). I quit my job few months ago to finish college, so every dollar is sacred. My highest bid is going to be $40:( But I do have a favor to ask from the publisher: I was born and grew up in Bosnia, and even I can't pay for the tier in which I get to name one of Tito's Partisans, please consider me to review their names before they go to print. Name from the Balkans are not common, and I would hate to see some weird names on those cards, as I anticipate them to be my favorite minor:D Thanks This user's account has been deleted. The USMC tier is going fast. Yay, first USMC Private First Class. Left an opening for a USMC Private assuming people are still interested. We really need to hit 180k now. Hopeing it leads to a nice large bump in pledges New LTC levels up ($325). Pledge total now is $121,278. So, I think we should be getting the Private First Class tier any minute now. @Rik - Well hearing that I must completely agree with you. That is just too cool not to do. My old PIR had tons of historic memorabilia in HQ from them since it was the 501st up in Anchorage, but puting them in this game was an awesome idea for whoever thought of it. @Rik... hard to argue with that. Thanks for stopping by with the info. Opening up the Airborne cards does seem to be a great idea. In any case, it'll be interesting to see what happens when the new personality cards open up today at 5 EST. @ Matt: CCV = Close combat value. It's the addition of the morale value and the weapon value (5 for a rifle, 3 for a SMG). This is Rik's response to my asking what the 150 cards are for the Airborne expansion "It is personality cards for all the shown airborne units and the cross-over" @Matt - Thank you for the response. I'll tell you that at the moment I'm still hedging on up-ing my pledge for the naming options, but I would instantly do so if the airborne cards were opened up. So, I guess I'll have to sit back and hopefully wait for that to happen...hint hint :) Hi Phil, Rik told me the 150 cards for the airborne pack are German, US, British and Canadian airborne personality cards, and that the AiYP crossover is a different thing. Not clear if that's cards, chits, or what. But that's a great idea - to open those up for naming too. Would be cool to get your name on a crazy jumper personality card! @ Marc: What's CCV? Shouldn't the cost of the soldier simply be: the cost of the personality card + the cost of the weapon card? Or is there something I've forgotten (it's been a while!) New update! Since it appears that the airborne stretch goal includes cards for Up Front (my assumption in regards to the airborne pack), I wonder if there is any possibility of opening up those possible personality cards for naming? If I'm off base, does anybody know exactly what the "airborne pack" (150 cards) consists of? @Marc read number 4 in Matt's post below for your second question. As to your first, sounds like something the game designer would have made sure to clarify with the separation, but yeah I'd be interested to see how! A weapon doesn't just bring its firepower values. It also adds a value to the CCV (combined with the soldier's morale value), adds one morale point or, more exactly, an unarmed soldier lose one point, and it also influences the cost of the soldier. How all those things will be resolved? Also, will the scenarios say which weapon each soldier is equipped with? I suppose that some scenarios will, as some weapons are part of them, like an MMG or a FT, for example. @matt... very interesting. Thank you. Something interesting posted on BGG by Todd Banister (part of the design team) quoted in reply to comments about weapon cards The total number of cards is slightly greater than before as you can greatly reduce the overall number of soldiers needed in a group when the weapons are not on the cards. I was able to create 3x Free French armies and the Vichy French army using just 50 soldiers. But yes, in the major 7 nations, it does add cards as we are adding all of the existing soldiers even though some of them are technically not necessary. The great things about the decoupled weapons are: 1.) New weapons can be introduced later with no need for additional soldiers 2.) Endless flexibility for scenario designers to pick and choose exactly the force they want to use. Want to have a 5 Morale soldier with a Flamethrower? Fine. How about a 1 Morale with a Flamethrower? Got it. Etc. DYO just became a whole lot more fun in my opinion. 3.) Forces like the Free French and/or Tito's Partisans can use a variety of weapons from other nations without having to print a silly number of alternate cards to simulate this. Historical accuracy just increased at the cost of no additional cards. Just grab the weapons needed and go. 4.) It doesn't change any of the existing scenarios at all. Each of the existing soldiers will be combined with their normal weapons in the official scenarios. But the flexibility still remains. 5.) It reduces the overall number of chits/tokens in the game. No longer do you need weapons chits for captured weapons, unarmed chits and/or malfunction chits. All of this is handled by the cards themselves. 6.) More things open up that you don't even realize. Alan Arvold produced an alternate leaders rules set a while ago where they used historical rifles instead of their SMGs and such. Thomas Cundiff produced this set and it added a massive amount of extra cards (and it was very expensive as well). Again, this is totally unnecessary in this version as you just move whatever weapon you need to the leaders. So while setup will take a tad bit longer, I think players will find it doesn't take as much time as they initially thought. Consider the Soviets. They have 15 or so soldiers per force but usually 12-14 of them are all using Mosin-Nagants. Since most of the weapons cards have the standard rifle on them already, it will only take an extra minute to slide those cards under the soldiers and you are ready to go. No doubt, we need examples of some actual game components. Even if they are unfinished. Even a paragraph from the re-write of the rules would be nice. Rik, I think it would help a lot if we had some sort of game components to share with people. Even draft images of cards, possibly a box cover would add a lot in spreading the word effectively. I don't see anything wrong with the campaign, I'm only saying it'd speed things up. Been there, done that :-) I wouldn't sweat the slowdown too much. Interest tends to be thinner in the middle of any campaign like this. A looming deadline often creates a lot of action. Still, it is up to us to spread the word to friends and other folks that might be interested in this! @Cedric - - You are good to go. There is no real difference between the two pledge levels. When the campaign ends, I am sure there will be a survery done to see what your needs are. -Ski I have pledged the USD 125 US shipping only, adding USD 35 for Europe shipping. Do I have to change for the USD worldwide shipping pledge? I guess there is already a response somewhere, but I haven't found it ... Sorry first kickstarter ... @Teamski - Agreed. Been following closely for a few days now and as a statistical nerd I'm beginning to worry that we may not hit the 200K extended goal. The trending and what not from Kicktraq still is showing that the 200K goals will be blown out of the water, but it seems like there has been decreasing pledge amounts. The trending number from Kicktraq has been lowering pretty much daily and is now under the 300K mark, where it was several thousand ahead just a few days ago. I just hope that there are a few of those big pledging days as we get closer to the finish line. Yeah, this train needs to gain some speed! I want that rulebook! Rik: what is the Airborne in Your Pocket Crossover? Is it a tie-in? Or some version of the product? Otherwise I think this is already a great deal. Still I'm hoping all the stretch cards get included. It seems to be slowing down. I'm a worrier. What do ya know? We did hit 800 backers today. Sweet. Onward & upward. In the original game, all scenarios were generic. In the General mag and in the Relative compendium, you can find many historical scenarios, especially in the latter. I have a question about the scenarios as a person who never played the original. Are any of the scenarios themed after specific historical engagements (though obviously still abstract in nature) or are they all presented as purely generic? Hmmm... wonder if we'll hit 800 pledges today. Might be a stretch, but it would be nice to see. Thanks for the Kicktraq link Philip! There already is a Vassal module for Up Front. Has been there for some time now. @ David Siskin Airborne in your Pocket was a KS project (<url>"Airborne in Your Pocket" crossover stretch reward and maybe some buzz on its page would boost backers of "Up Front". @ Eduardo: If there will be a VASSAL module is dependent on finding somebody willing to make it. All VASSAL modules are made by game fans as far as I know. Loving the progress so far with funding. Check out Kicktraq for what the projections look like: <url>#chart-exp-projection Ok, I´m in! :) Just some questions: -Where are the previews? We NEED them, and I think it will help immensely with the funding! (cards, rulebook pages, anything!) -Will there be a VASSAL module? This will be my main means of play, so, really interested in it. -Campaign games? It does seem like we have a right to expect some streamlining of things. @ Bradley K: Yes I think you have a very good point. In particular now that we probably will see both paras and Waffen SS as separate expansions. Elite, line and 2nd line would be more tidy. What is the airborne pack/airborne in your pocket crossover? One thing that has always annoyed me in Up Front is titles for Troop Types. For Example: German elite is SS. Not every Waffen SS formation could be considered elite, not by a long shot. What about Großdeutschland, the Fallschirmjäger or Afrika Korps? US Elite is Paratroopers. What about the marines, ranger or SSF? Lowest British troop type is Home Guard. The did not even leave Great Britain. Japanese Elite is Samurai. From the Banzai rulebook: "The term 'Samurai' which we use to classify elite units is merely a term of convenience; no such organized units existed." What the heck?! With so many nationalities on the horizon I propose the design team ditch these restrictive and ahistorical titles and adopt a standard Troop Type system. Perhaps like ASL did for SL, you know Up Front being the Squad Leader Card Game and all. Elite 1st Line 2nd Line or Elite Regular Conscript/Green in the original rules, nations have 3 types of unit. Elite, regular and green. Eachj nation has its own of each type. For example, Germany has SS, US has Paras, etc. But some nations have many kind of the same type of unit. For example, Germany has many elite troops, aside SS (fallshirm, regular elite, pionneer, ...). Will there be a list of soldiers making such units? This is the reply I got from Rik about the paratrooper goal. "It is personality cards for all the shown airborne units and the cross-over" I don't know, but when you look at the number of cards, it seems you can have both a new Up Front 'nation' but also cards for AiYP. So, are the Airborne cards usable by themselves with UF? Or are they *only* a tie in with AiYP? Late to the party on this one. Apologies all around if this has been gone over and over. @Marc - If Up Front succeeds you can be assured that there will be more than one fan site with a forum on it. Onto Carentan! This BGG forum is about the original Up Front? Also, there is a mail-list (that's where I've heard about this project from Rick), but AFAIK, igt's also about the original one. @Marc, there's already a form on BoardGameGeek for Up Front (and maybe others here and there), although I wouldn't be surprised if Rik started one for this specific edition. When the game will be released, will there be a forum where we can share impressions, scenarios, questions, etc.? Great news! Now we need to move on to the Airborne, as that would be super. My hope is to hit at least 200 for the Rulebook, and then that Rik will make the canvas bag available as an extra for purchase. Hey, there it is! Congrats to the unknown soldier who pushed us over the top. On to 130K. @Patrick... I guess it seems like we've gotten up to Hungary pretty quickly! I made my pledge on Friday (I think) when we were in the low 100s. It looked like we wouldn't get to $15k until Monday. Now it seems that we are one reasonable pledge away. But maybe it was moving more quickly earlier on? Agreed with Philip. Having at least all the nations is definitely the minimum goal for me. @Teamski & @ Patrick - Agree with both of you. Although, minimally I am hoping that it hits the 200K for the rulebook. For me, after that it is just gravy. @Patrick -- You aren't the only completionist out there..... While it has seemed a slow slog to Hungary, I've had great fun calculating how many M/Sgt backers per day is needed for each stretch reward. And the number/day for us needed to get all the cards continues to drop. Oh the OCD collector in me will be inconsolable if we don't get to 180K. Getting close to those Hungarians! I suppose they will be like in any other card game. Ah yes. Will the cards be perferated or pre-cut? I can't see myself taking scissors to 1300 cards. What quality will the cardstock be? Are the comparable to the original or lighter DTP quality? I never asked to remove them. I don't understand how flanking fire is so powerful in real situations. I understand that being attacked both frontally and on flank can be unnerving, but to double the firepower seems to much for me. And about melee, by the time you can enter melee and resolve close combat, the game can be over with some very powerful firepower. @ Marc ADDA: As I see it flanking and infiltration/CC are core tactics to use in infantry combat, so, that should be left just as it is. It may take more than a few games to learn how to handle stuff like that, though. KickStarter is more of a risk than I like to take. But darn - if I actually get 1st Canadian Para I'm gonna be thrilled. Thanks Zexius! Looks like having different card backs won't bother me then. @Teamski well if they went B7 for them there are sleeves for that, it'd look more impressive, would fit well into the box, and give a better sense of scale. @Jacob Cassens No, they weren't originally all the same if you are asking about the action deck. Because there was only a single deck back then. They just have rules to "simulate" different terrain with the same deck. @ArtB - It was mentioned that the AFV cards were enlarged to help facilitate the stats on the cards. So the cards are B8 sized (same as M:tG)... but why are the vehicles larger? That'll make it harder to find good sleeves for them. And **thinner** than Dominion? That's pretty darn thin! Couldn't thicker paper have been a stretch goal? I wonder what will happen to the rules. Will they be simpler? Two old rules I didn't like: - Flank fire: I never used it mainly because it seems too simple to obtain and too powerful to use - Melee: I used it very rarely because it was too difficult to end at point blank range, and then, too risky to infiltrate than melee. Will those rules be revised? @ArtB - I fully concur! Asthetically, it would look silly to have a green field in a desert scenario. I am thrilled to see that they are taking that extra step to make the game shine on the table. Were they originally all the same? @MarkJ Use opaque sleeves, problem solved. I for one like flavorful card backs and will you transparent sleeves. Great another decision I'm not excited about: different backs for the different action decks. Some of us were hoping to be able to only swap out terrain instead of using entirely different decks. That won't be an option now. Congratulations on bring Up Front back. I was an Avalon Hill "Play tester" for the original game (I'm "Pvt Degi -- US Card #26). It looks like a great game will be even better. I might suggest that you have a US leader on the box cover this time. The original cover caused quite a bit of difficulty -- and still does (on eBay etc.). Congratulations once again! I was revising statements in the past where it seemed ALL expansions would be sold after the kick start. Some people were planning on getting things like the USMC, but that won't happen unless we hit that particular stretch goal. Sweet....... How many people are actually more interested in the tie-in for Airborne in my Pocket over the Polish Troops and the SS and the Italian Folgore? Serious, a cross-over with a game that I'm not interested in and don't own, over the SS and the Poles which you need for playing out the opening battles of the war? Factions, which according to the latest update, won't get published **ever** unless we meet the milestone? Seriously. Matt, I don't see where you are reading that news about the expansions. Looking at the News link above, update #12 seems to say expansions will be sold at retail (at some point), provided their associated stretch goal is reached. Maybe I'm misunderstanding what your point was? @Isaac - the latest update confirmed that only the 5 main expansions and those reached through the stretch rewards will published later on. Those not reached WILL NOT be published. So, we need to make sure we get to $200k! It looks good so far! -Ski A good questions popped up on BGG. Will the action deck card backs reflect the terrain differences; snow fields for winter, sand for desert, etc? -Ski I participated in the OGRE Kickstarter, and I forgot how much fun it is to watch the numbers climb higher & higher! Any thoughts on when we'll unlock the Hungarian Army? For my money, I think we'll be at $15K by the end of the weekend. Never mind, I see it now. Matt; huh, what? Where did you read that? It appears I have been wrong about being able to buy expansions. The latest news suggests that they are not going to be selling expansions, except maybe through separate KS campaigns. So I guess we better hit that 180,000 so we can get those Marines! I'm not a fan of the personality cards being made the same size as the action deck. The original size already takes up enough space. But I guess I can deal with it. What I would like to see is a "pick-your-goal" feature. Perhaps that would be too difficult logistically but honestly most of these stretch nations I'll never play. I'd rather give up 3 of them for 500 sleeves. Or all of them for the leather rulebook. Rik, I'd love it if there was the option to buy a second set of counters, in order to be able to give them more heft by gluing them back-to-back or to wooden blocks. I wonder if anyone else is also interested in a second set of counters. In case people are interested for sleeves, we're now up to 1629 standard sized (62mm x 88 mm) cards and 108 AFV sized (70 mm x 100 mm) cards. Airborne comes with 150 cards. Are those all personality cards? Are they for multiple nations? If so, which nations? Have you considered selling the chance to have named personality cards for this deck? Also, do any of these stretch goal packs require additional/new rules? If so, I assume those would be included in the leather bound book if we get there? @Brian - I am also curious about the option of getting the carrying bag seperate and what (if any) rewards are between the 200K-300K & 300K-400K. Just seems like such a massive gap A mere 300,000ish to go to the carrying bag.... If it doesn't happen through the kickstarter, might it be available in some other manner? Taking a positive outlook however, what sorts of things should we expect between 200k and 300k, or 300k and 400k? Have you guys discussed producing tuckboxes? This would reduce the need to lug everything (since it will happen) around when all you need is 2 armies and the action deck (few chits) Excellent! Great choice with the bigger cards, but also with an existing sleeves size! Oh that is even better. he means the dimensions of the sleeves are 70 by 110mm not 100mm. @Rik will you be also notifying real sleeve manufacturers who can produce consistently sized sleeves? I am currently returning 27 packaged of mis sized sleeves to Mayday, and was quite hoping to be done with their shoddy products, as these were the last of their sleeves I had in my possession Rik, a margin of 10mm on top (for the AFV cards) is quite big. Ideally you want something like 70x102mm. Mayday have also the Swanpanasia 70x100 sleeves, but maybe these are a tad too small. Could you work with them for something custom-made perhaps? Please, no zombies, or any other non-historical expansion. Let Up Front be Up Front. Rik, the Mayday Games link you provided indicates those sleeves are a limited run and may not be re- run. Are there other sources for that sleeve size? If the AFV cards are going to be 70x100mm, can the $300,00 pledge be plastic sleeves be for THESE cards (normal gaming MTG-sized sleeves won't be a problem to come by)?? Alternatively, can the AFV cards be printed on card sizes that sleeves can readily be found? Uggh! I third the striking of adding fantasy elements to the game until it is FULLY up and running. As mentioned before, nothing like undermining the credibility of a true HISTORICAL game system. If you want zombies, you have TONS of other zombie games to play. Leave this one alone. And then, orcs, elves, dwarves, etc... Possibilities are endless I think a small Zombie Expansion would be fine, people do not have to use it if they do not want to. It could also draw some new players who enjoy that kind of stuff. I could teach someone to play using the Zombie versions of cards, and then convert them to the regular scenarios. Hi Rik! Does multiple tiers have each tier with each stretch rewards? Example: 225$+125$ Zombies would be jumping the shark. This is a classic and deserves some respect. Personally I'm not sure more units from the same nation would add considerably to the game except for allowing more personalised cards. After all, one of the core things with Up Front is the different nationality "doctrines". Adding more and more ordinary divisions to one nation I feel would only hollow out the game system and not bring anything new. I'd also be very happy if the game was not "polluted" with zombies and werewolves and the likes. That all started as a joke, I'm sure, but please keep it a joke. @ Jorge: Why don't you pledge on the Soviets and join the ranks of the Red Army as Pvt. Akinov? Sounds Russian enough to me. :-) Rik, regarding personality cards, can we have an US Armored Division and Mountain Division since both the Infantry and Marines are sold out? Also, it would be cool if we could have an Israeli Army as well (I'd love to play them against the SS) perhaps as a future expansion. Was there any answer to why they had to get all absurdly sized with the vehicle cards? I guess I'll need to look into wacky sleeve sizes from Swan Panasia for those 70 x 100 mm cards @Marc -- I believe the US slots were taken up with the initial $200 pledge levels. -Ski It is kind of cool that your name will be on a card that goes out to everyone who owns it, at least if they own the corresponding expansion anyway. I see that now, the special '225$ pledge with a personnal card" are sold out with USMC and Britain, and Germany is almost over. How fascinating. :-) BTW, why no such pledge for US? There is both Germany and Germany SS, Italy and Folgore, one for USMC but not one for US GI. Whatever, I would have been pleased to buy such a pledge, but I feel that 100$ for just one card is too expensive, but more important, I fail to see to which nation my name would fit .... Too bad The Up Front system is rife with potential adaptations. Several people have mentioned the Spanish Civil War or Vietnam. Just about any 20th century war could be covered without too much trouble. Iran/Iraq or one of the Arab/Israeli wars might be interesting. Korea, possibly? Maybe additional conflicts will be saved for future Kickstarter campaigns. Time will tell! Was going to stay out of it when it first came up, but since it came up again, please keep zombies out of this game. If there was to be some sort of out of the wild blue stretch goal I would prefer it be Vietnam War related. As more of a purist, I'd prefer that the zombies be left to the more fictional arenas. Frankly, the idea of zombies leaves me cold :-) I would love the opportunity to gun down Zombie ****. Zombies sounds like a great stretch goal for $250k, or as an add-on. Bring on the Zombies! Can't wait to see the Japanese Banzai rush SS **** Zombies at night in the pacific jungles. Apologies to the the more purist wargamers out there. Not sure how influential the video is for people new to Up Front but I'd say that video could use a little more. I think you should have zoomed in on the cards when talking about panic/rout numbers and zoomed in on the 0r column. Also, why did you leave the panicked and routed men in the game but removed the KIA men? I'm pretty sure in all three cases the man is removed from the game. Yeah I know you can't explain all the rules in a video but that just seemed odd to me. So what does reasonable name mean for those of us who pledged our name on a nationality card? My name is very German but also 10 letters long. Will it fit on the card? @Rick:: I'm not complaining, on the contrary, I'm delighted to see that the new Up Front will have so many nations. And if all goes well, I'll play it again next week with a friend who pledged too but who don't know how it works. I just hope he will like. [Nostalgy time ON]: I remember when I played Up front intensively at my club when people there were mainly playing role playing games. They loved that wargame! It was great... It was... oh so many years ago... Sigh...[Nostalgy time OFF] Rik, Couple of Questions: 1) What card size sleeves do we need? 2) Will the SS deck come with Zombie SS troops (Dead snow), ilsa the SS warden, and the Werewolf women of the SS (Grindhouse)? 3) Will the book be available in loose leaf binder format for addition of future rules in expansions? sounds historically accurate to me . . . ;p but only 50 cards for 4 french armies... I agree, no zombies for such a game. That would be stoopid. On the other hand, vampires and werewolves, yummy! Naaaa, just joking. I assume each nationality will be reviewed and adjusted accordingly for relative accuracy? I know from experience that some fans tend to "embelish" the abilities of certain units to make them more "cool"..... @Rik - Thank you for the response. lt certainly makes sense, but I just hope the big countries don't get short-changed! @ Teamski - Glad you agree. No offence to those who like such things, but over the years I've just become zombied/vampired out. Actually, I'm **** out too, but we kind of have to keep that one : ) @Matt - Yes, we are all richer for all the fans that have kept this game alive! Robert - I would suspect, as these are all fan made expansions of a 30 year old game system, some people were a bit more obsessive than others . . . hence some nationalities having way more cards than others. And we are all the richer for that obsession! @Robert -- I fully concur. Having a zombies expansion would completely undercut the credibility of the game system, IMHO..... Just curious. Why do some of the "minor" countries seem to have so many personality cards compared to the "core" countries? It just seems odd that, for instance, the Greeks have some 60 cards and the Germans have about 30. Oh and please, no zombies. Halfway until the bound rulebook! Yea! 666 backers now... No comment! :-) Vietnam or the Spanish Civil War seem the most obvious expansions. I didn't look here for a mere half-day, and wondered how many days before the Finnish. And now, I wonder how many minutes I will have to wait before the Greek stretch. Very impressive! A question (I don't know if I ask that already): For ideas of expansions, I was thinking of something outside WWII, like the first arab-israeli war, the Korean war or the Spanish war. The Airborne pack and crossover is starting to look a lot closer now. This user's account has been deleted. Can we have a Zombies expansion? From my research of dozens of videogame war simulations, Zombies were one of the main combatants in WW2. Not to mention that we would be opening up to the ameritrash crowd! @Rik-I hope you are adding a female soldier to Tito's Partisans. Also, Hitler Youth or Volksgrenadiers could also be very interesting. @ArtB- that's called DYO (design your own) in Up Front. I'm confident the new Up Front will maintain the DYO system (although they have to do something a bit different due to the de-coupling of the weapons). Basically every soldier, weapon and AFV has a point value assigned to it. Then scenarios have a point allotment attached. You can spend that allotment on whatever troops you want. The DYO system also allows you to randomly create scenarios from scratch. I assume UF2.0 will keep this feature- I'd be shocked if they did away with it. What are the odds of there being a point0buy system for random skirmishes? @Mark - I'm with you. This game can only be made more epic with the addition of creative and challenging scenarios. I would go for a leather-bound scenario book before I would a rule book. IMHO. Rik im a LFL AIYP backer can you explain the integration from the airborne stretch reward to what we will be receiving with AIYP? Thanks and Im very excited for another great project! Rik you can ignore the next part because it touches the litigation and im sure you're more than sick of it: To everyone discussing the legal issues: From what I can find Valley Games is a subsidiary of Radiant Gaming, it is nearly impossible for a litigant to pierce the corporate veil and attack the parent company. From what Rik has said on BGG the operation of Radiant Gaming separates itself from Valley through the fact that its sole purpose is to operate within Kickstarter. This gives Radiant Gaming a separate supply chain and makes them operate as an independent unit. I'd like to see in-between the 200k-300k gap is a comprehensive scenario packet, booklet... It would feature all of the official scenarios from the original game and the two expansions. Also, it would have the published scenarios from The General, as well as scenarios from the "minor" nations plus brand new UF2.0 scenarios. I noticed the Airborne cards were not on the list. Were they allocated in the first round? Soldat Gemballa reporting for duty at the Wehrmacht! Looks like 6 names in other countries were sold (3 for Canada), so 31 names sold in 30 minutes. And the last British name just sold at 36 minutes. So glad I got a USMC slot. I almost went for Soviet Union, but I snagged the first USMC slot instead. Pvt. London is going to Iwo Jima so long as we hit 180k! This user's account has been deleted. About 30 minutes since the new levels, and total pledges are up $4500 (to $94,885). Marines are sold out and Brits are almost sold out. 4 proper Germans left, along with a large pile of SS slots. Handful of other countries. Thanks Rik! Is it June yet! Signed up for the Canadians, but a little worried about my last name :P I had to enlist in the Polish army..... This user's account has been deleted. @David -- the sold out levels at $125 and below were US-only versions of the levels that are now open. Only the levels at $200 and above are actually limited, in my understanding. Just wondered if we upped are bid and they can't use the name, do we still keep our original bid? My original bid is sold out. Not even 10 minutes before the Marines sold out... BTW - welcome to the circus Finland. Keeping fingers crossed for USMC as well. Looking forward to Private Brewer kicking some heinie. This user's account has been deleted. *have it* @Rik - True, maybe you could has it where people could add a certain amount to their pledge, such as $10, to get another bonus such as the playmat or extra counters? Thrilled to be able to name a USMC private. Thanks for extending the tiers! New levels; total at $90,370. And I still support better quality card stock such as linen, at least for the action cards, but again not sure how feasible that would be. @Jonathan Witt - Do you have any ideas for more stretch goals? Playmats can be cheap when ordered in bulk and they could help increase the total funding for Up Front, because right now there are no new goals in between $200,000 and $300,00. I also like the idea of extra counters. I for one don't think Up Front needs a playmat. Spend your money on making it better in other ways. Playmats are cheap and already easily available for those that want them. This user's account has been deleted. Hi there Mika Hakkinen! Hooray! Suomi! Now, about turn and let's march south towards Greece! @Rik - Exactly! Something that could easily be taken to my local store to play on, instead of the old dirty grimy tables. @Teamski - I am mainly thinking for the times when I am going to a local game store, and I have a mat I use so I would not get my card sleeves dirty. The only issue I can see with improving the card quality with the Kickstarter campaign is for future expansions, would they have the same quality or be lessened due to a discount that could be given to an increase in paper stock due to the sheer amount of cards being printed with the Kickstarter. @Christopher - I don't know if a game mat is practical for this game. Unlike Thunderstone, the card numbers are going to vary wildly with the larger forces taking up a huge portion of the table. Just my 2 cents... -Ski @Teamski - That is what I was trying to get at. Even with sleeves most of my card games get heavy use and the cards start to become frail and flimsy. ....And I would assume that the choice of card quality will be made in the best interest of the game system. I would hope that if the game is wildly successful that an investment is made in component quality. Those action cards are going to get a lot of use! @Rik - I agree, It was just an idea and I wasn't really sure on the price difference between regular card stock vs linen either. Another idea would be maybe have play mats, meaning each player has a mat that has areas for there cards to be places, or just a roll out mat with the Up Front art work on it? Good quality of cards is important. However, the cards most subject to wear is, of course, the action decks. And those cards will wear out sooner or later anyway. So even more important than extremely durable cards I think is the possibility to purchase additional action decks as spare parts. @Rik - What about another stretch goal at $250,000 where we could get better quality cards such as cards with the same thickness as Dominion cards or even linen based cards? Just an idea, I know a few other Kickstarter campaigns that have done this. So no LfL like DDD or ABiYP? Also, if the Leather Rulebook goal is hit, will we still get a basic rule set for US vs. Germany in the main box? ....except I won't be able to sleeve them with standard sleeves.... awe! Heh, I just noticed that the AFV cards are going to be slightly larger than the action cards. Slick! Rik: Any plans to release additional Action card sets and Nations as expansions in the future? If so, how long before we see an expansion for UF, and will Kickstarter be used for the expansion? Those Finns are starting to close in! I see. Thanks for the answer. They have announced before that all the stretch nations will eventually be sold in retail. WHEN that happens is anyone's guess. Which is why the more "valuable" nations are at the highest stretch goals. That is good to hear, but my main concern so far as the possibility of kicking up my pledge is actually my second question below. In light of the imminent opening of personalized stretch goal cards I have a couple of questions. What happens in the event one of the stretch goal nations isn't unlocked? Also, if a stretch goal is met, will there eventually be a way for non backers to get the stretch goal nations? This user's account has been deleted. New to the game but am reading the rules and getting ready for 2.0. Can't wait. The question I have is: How many scenarios can we expect with each deck? Is there a repository of classic scenarios for download somewhere to supplement the standard scenarios that come with the game? I saw on my mailer some new pledge... but they cost dearly. Too bad we can't have a personalized leader for much less. But the idea is fantastic! I have my own ATS leader though. :-) How about Brecourt Manor? Set up the guns with a small group defending each gun. When (and if) the paras defeat each group defending a gun, reach range '0' and they can place a DC. Now to create cards for the 105's...... (8^) @Teamski, that's the beauty of this game, scenario possibilities are endless. The General published some pretty creative ones. I do believe I read one that had a group already surrounded and another group was meant to come in and rescue them. @ Teamski: Why not go all out and play a 10-scenario historical campaign with the urban deck, British Paras and the Waffen SS? Ten times the fun and excitement. I am really looking forward to playing an Arnhem scenario with the urban deck and British Paras. I wonder if the game system will support starting a scenario with a force already surrounded. The possibilities of 2.0 has my mind spinning! Will each of the stretch goal nations come with scenarios as well as the additional rules to play them? Don't have Airbourne in Your Pocket, so that rewards won't matter much to me. The leather-bound rulebook is what I'm hoping for the most. I would much prefer the messenger bag over the sleeves hands down! ....And I probably missed the joke.... {8^[ @Bob Peipo - I am using the original Squad Leader reference to the Pulkka in the rules. It is a sled..... -Ski @ Teamski....are you sure they aren't Sissi's? :-) I'm hoping to see that green bag somewhere out there! I found this on the Airborne question on BGG, but not sure how much it helps. "BTW, Matt, the answer to your question on the KS is that the Airborne pack includes soldier cards from the four nationalities and forces shown (Brits, Canadians, Germans and Yank airborne units = 150 cards!), as well as the AiYP crossover stuff." I'm starting to see some Finnish Pulkkas on the horizon....... I'm also really curious about the Airborne Pack at $130,000. Is that a new army? Or are all 150 of those cards part of some game tie-in with Airborne in Your Pocket? Would love to see the personality/weapon/AFV/other card distribution of that stretch goal if you have that info, Rik! "Airbourne in your pocket crossover". What does that mean? Can you combine these games? Could an add-on for that game be in place? The game will reach the $200k without doubt. I mentioned this on BGG; there are way too many people out there that want Up Front 2.0 to become reality. If Ogre can get over $900k on sentimentality, Up Front should reach that hardcover stretch for the same reason. The bag is cool, the leather rule book is cooler (and unique). I hope we will reach at least the leather rule book, or at least all the minors, but what will happen if not? Will they be open to sale separately? In Cahoots (previously kickstartered) had a decent storage system, nice looking rectangular box with slightly larger index cards as "book marks", works well, mind you I'm not sure how it'd translate to 1300 cards, but for the hundred or so contained within In Cahoots it seems to work Oh, how I wish the $300K and $400K goals were reversed! I won't use the sleeves, but the bag looks awesome. I'm in! I posted something on Google+ about the campaign. Hopefully, we can reach all the stretch goals. Looking forward to this! Yeah, Finland here we come! Well hello Mr. Tito, we're heading to Finland. Want a ride? Woo Hoo ! ! 490 ! @Matt -- Yeah Thunderstone aced sleeved card storage! -Ski @matt Nightfall, Star Trek the DBG, Thundestone, and the new Sentinels of the Multiverse are all examples of this. It's really not difficult, they just need to add a couple millimeters to the card storage sections and it works very well. To those folks who sleeve their cards: what's a good example of a card game that has a storage solution that works both for sleeved and unsleeved cards? Has anyone actually solved this great dilemma of the gaming world? I'm in the former group, and hope that we can all get along! :) @Teamski I sure hope they aren't planning on having nation icons on split action cards for every single nation. The 7 "major" nations is enough. Since the original deck only has 3 nation icons the rules had to tell you what icon to associate your nation with to know which action is for you. Queston brought up on BGG: Will the action decks work with all nationalities? I know that some of the cards are nationality marked. How will that be handled? Thanks! The money seems to be rolling in now. It would be nice to see the rules and new card art and maybe even some more info on the cards you get in the stretch goals. I had not thought of that. Yes, with all these cards we will need additional counters. Extra counters could be either a stretch goal or an option to be added to the amount pledged. @Rik --- Thanks!! Hi Rik, Would you consider a stretch goal (maybe $250,000, right after the rulebook?) to include another set of basic counters, to allow folks to play more than one 2v2 game at a time? With over 20 armies (!) and six action decks, I could see sitting down to play this with four or even six friends, in 2 or 3 separate games. Despite coming with some 2200 cards, it doesn't look like there would be enough counters to allow folks to do this. Is this right? Thanks! That's awesome to hear. @Rik, I have two sincere requests for Up Front 2.0: 1. PLEASE use standard full-sized cards that fit in standard game sleeves and 2. PLEASE create a Thunderstone style box that will fit all of the cards with dividers....sleeved! Please!! Thanks! -Ski Happy turkeyday all! Can't wait for next year! First Airborne in my Pocket and then Upfront! Yea! Excellent, got Canada and Australia, Tito's Partisans next. Stretch goals seem to be dropping fast now. This user's account has been deleted. This game will definitely make the $200K stretch if everything fleshes out! This is Up Front with snow, beaches and Free French for Pete's sake! Looking forward to seeing some of the graphics! @Jorge -- I personally hope that the Ghurkas and Philippine Scouts are represented as well as Belguim. -Ski @Shane From a post on BGG from a guy on the project, keeping anonymous in case this is sensitive info "Honestly, we are just now getting some of the final artwork in - and it looks simply awesome! I think Rik will be posting a sneak peak here in the near future. So just hang on - its on its way. " Rik, how about doing a contest for backers to vote on which countries and/or action cards they would like to see printed in future expansions? I for one would like to see Spain, Iraq, Thailand, Brazil, Mexico, Puerto Rico and China. There will be expansions right??? being "separate" companies doesn't necessarily relieve one company from the liabilities/responsibilities from the other... I'm no lawyer and also not from the US, but from where I'm from if it can be proven that the 2 companies don't pass "the at arm's length rule" then there's is no guarantee that one company is safe from the other... Hence just because they are separate companies does not reassure me that well.... I've posted several questions that at least personally concern me on this comments page which would determine whether I would remain a backer or not. As a backer I expected that I would be entitled to some answers regarding these... I haven't, and by the looks of things probably won't... The statement made by Rik clears up some things but not others, and introduces new doubts... Rik's statement also should have been officially been posed here on KS and not on the BGG.... not unless BGG is more important or is somehow affiliated to KS. Don't forget the Aussies! Although I did hear the reason they are combined with Canada is because the Australian pack is just 6 guys named Bruce and a weapon card labeled "THIS is a knife" . . . Would love to see some card images! On a lighter note: Come on Canada!!!! @matt Best argument heard thus far. @matt -- Well stated. I feel comforted by this fact; there are only 2 people posting who have paid for specific legal advice on this situation (Rik from Radiant and Phil who won a suit against Valley Games) and they both have repeatedly and publicly stated that Radiant is a wholly separate company. The only people theoretically "legally" connecting Radiant to Valley Games have NOT paid for any specific legal advice on the matter. So you can listen to what the paid lawyers involved are saying (via their clients) or what the random Internet people say, and decide from there. @Filipe it's on their 4th update <url>"Where did they come from?" Are they fan expansions? Are they completely new creations for the KS campaign? Have they been playtested? And how are they used with the original nationalities? Do you just add, say, the Vichy French to the German Deck and play them together? Or will you have Vichy v. US games? I trust the court systems as much as I trust what I read on the Internet. They're both filled with idiots and scoundrels making claims and judgments and honest people doing the same, with both of those groups winning disputes in fairly equal numbers. In the end, we each have to decide for ourselves, and I think that if one still has doubts at this point, you will only be truly satisfied with answers that just are not going to exist for quite some time because the legal system in the U.S. is nothing if not slow, so come to terms with that and move on, whichever way that may be. Either way, it helps no one, inlcuding Phil, to scotch Up Front. The game is a sure-fire success story and will be profitable for Radiant Games. In due course, those profits may or may not help pay off debts to Phil, thus his interest in the success of the project. He has stated this himself, that he doesn't want pledgers grafted, but for the game to succeed. I am sure that if Rik runs the campaign throug to fruition, it will be a win for everybody, including us guys who really want to see Up Front in a new set of clothes. @Jonathan -- absolutely. My point with respect to David was that this isn't a completely untested question -- one court, considering only a piece of the Valley Games problem, examined the evidence before it and found reason to move forward. There is a lot more to the Valley Games part of the issue, and the connection to Radiant is untested. There is (potentially) a long legal road ahead for Radiant, which raises concerns for me. . I want Up Front to succeed, and have pledged $125 to get everything (in a year or so). If there is a credible claim against these funds, however, the legal process could drag for years even if Radiant ultimately prevails. Rik's confidence tells me that he thinks he is likely to succeed in the end; but avoiding a long delay will require clear evidence that such a claim is not credible. So, do I pledge $125 now, running the risk of a long delay (and possible failure of the project), or do I wait until this is all resolved and pay $200-$300 for Up Front and the expansions after issue? . This is an issue that faces all the potential Up Front backers, and each must make up their own mind. I am on the cusp and looking for more reassurance from Rik: are the facts so clear that a court would be immediately convinced that Valley and Radiant are sufficiently separate? Thus my direct questions yesterday -- do Valley and Radiant have any common ownership, and why is my perception that Radiant is Valley's Kickstarter 'front' (at least for DDD and AIYP) wrong. . If only the PA court could have delayed another six months... @KevinR I know it sounds like a big deal when a court makes a ruling. After all, the court has ruled, what more could there be? Justice has come from on high, behold! In truth, it doesn't mean as much as you think it does. Often in civil cases, one side is improperly noticed, and only hears about the ruling after it has been entered. Looking at the sheet you linked to, that may be what happened in this case, as opposing counsel never filed a response. This is not uncommon! These judgments get reversed all the time. Additionally there can be all kinds of appellate issues relating to jurisdiction, notice, case law, etc. Fully litigating and collecting a judgment is a task of years, not months. That's why most cases settle out of court. That's the trouble with raising these issues here or on BGG. We aren't privy to all the information the parties are, and unless we have that information, anything we use to make a judgment on is going to be partial and therefore faulty. It's like a doctor making a diagnosis with only half of the information she needs. It won't lead to a beneficial result. I would stay cool, and wait for Up Front. That's what I plan to do. @David Siskin -- a minor clarification. The court in Pennsylvania has already ruled, finding a judgment against Valley Games for $127,306.33 (plus costs). The key unresolved questions are (a) suits against Valley Games in other jurisdictions and (b) whether Valley Games and Radiant Darkstar Productions are sufficiently related that the funds raised here could be seized to pay the PA judgment (or potential judgments in the other jurisdictions). . Pennsylvania court order: <url>#10541584 @ David Siskin-- Great comment! I had no problem pledging to back this game. I learned long ago that there are two sides to every story and if this is a court-bound case, then let it be decided in court, not on the pages of Kickstarter or BGG. @Mark J -- the limited levels at $125 and below are the old US-only levels. If you want one of those levels (whether US or not), choose the level without the US restriction (and add shipping to your pledge if non-US). I think the same is true of the $250 level. The other levels appear to be deliberately limited (but note the early update about possible additional naming levels). Pretty sure the sold out and limited pledges are for the old us only pledges. He have open up new pledges for international pledges and since close those as it is impossible to adjust a pledge level once it has a pledger I'm confident with Rik's response to this issue and so I have decided to support this campaign. Rik, are you aware you're getting several "sold out" or "Limited" messages on pledge levels that seem no need to have a limit? I am not going anywhere either. I want my Finns! Oops, didn't notice the BGG link had been posted a few posts below mine. Sorry. The question to Rik regarding AIYP remains though. Ok, here's the official word from Rik regarding Valley Games & Radiant Gaming on BGG's news page: <url>"Ships to the US only" -issue as all pledge-amounts up to and including $250 have now gotten a new version without the shipping limits. Hopefully even more potential international pledgers will now take the leap and join this. Worth mentioning, though, that I actually didn't have to circumvent this in any way when I pledged. Nice to see that despite all the fuzz, this seems to be rolling along nicely. If we get within "striking distance" of the Finland expansion, I think I'll consider upping my pledge to get the game for a friend too. Way to go! Cool, first two stretch goals reached. Would love to get everything but am most looking forward to Airborne crossover. On a very tangential note, apparently completely unrelated to our main goal of mastering corporate law via correspondence course, here come the Vichy French! Yay! Let's go get them Canucks! Yeah, because another thread on which people can speculate even further and in new directions is exactly what this clusterf... needed. Thanks. If you are interested in what the winner of the lawsuit against Victory Games actually says, rather than the conspiracy theories others have spawned. <url>"PR nightmare" then ignore it. Good grief, 50 pages of bickering on BGG and dozens of comments to the same effect here should give everyone an idea of how to proceed. @Rik -- I am confused. I backed this because I thought that this was being produced by Valley Games (based on the discussion of how well D-Day Dice and AIYP went), a company which has some experience dealing with the confused ownership of Avalon Hill games (Titan). . For the AIYP project, it was clearly stated that "AIYP is the first game of the “In Your Pocket” line, which will be published by Valley Games." . Here, you state that "Our most recent project, Airborne In Your Pocket, is moving forward nicely." but that "Radiant Darkstart Productions (the full name under which all Kickstarts are run by us) is the mother company who brought you D-Day Dice and Airborne In Your Pocket." . Can you clarify the following: 1) Which entity is producing AIYP? 2) Am I correct in interpreting that Radiant Darkstar Productions LLC as "mother comapny" is an owner of Valley Games Inc.? 3) Are there any other owners in common between Radiant Darkstar Productions LLC and Valley Games Inc.? 4) Broadly, what are the terms of the arrangement by which Radiant Darkstar Productions LLC used Valley Games' logo on D-Day Dice? For example, was there a royalty payment, lump sum payment, or no payment? Is there a written license agreement? 5) Broadly, describe the status of the Up Front intellectual property. MMP reported some years ago that they and AH/Hasbro were unable to resolve the ownership issues. How has Radiant Darkstar Productions LLC resolved those matters? . As a backer (and thus, roughly, an investor), I am concerned that Radiant Darkstar Productions may be exposed to risks due to the large judgment and pending suits against Valley Games and due to the possibly contested nature of the Up Front IP. Can you provide any reassurance on the matter of piercing the corporate veil of Valley Games or on potential ownership of Up Front by AH/Hasbro? . If you are unwilling to discuss these matters, please state that so that I may withdraw my support before the project proceeds too much further. @Rik - Just curious about the line up of the stretch goal armies, any reason why Norway first then FFI etc. @Teamski- I do not believe I was rude in calling out Rik on the validity of his statement (written in Capitals no less), given the fact that Valley Games and Radiant Gaming share the same Canadian corporate address, and that Radiant Gaming has a dead weblink. I also believe it was Rik who crossed the rudeness "rubicon" with his last comment. This whole situation has become a PR nightmare for this project. As pledges, I think we have a right to request some reassurance and detailed explainations regarding how this situation started in the first place. It's our money that is at risk here if Radiant gets involved in legal entanglements stemming from the actions of it's officers/owners, no matter what name they currently choose to go by. Rik, quick question: assuming the ultimate $200k goal is not met, will the countries that did not reach their respective goals (Canada, Australia, Yugoslavia, etc.) be available later on as expansions to the game, or is this the only chance they have of being printed? Same goes for the deluxe rulebook. Ease off guys. Rik has made formal statements of the status of the project. At least we are getting somewhere. You don't need to be rude about it. Rik, With Valley Games and Radient Gaming sharing the same corporate address, you are going to have to do better than that. And SHOUTING at pledges is never a good idea. Thanks, Rik, I had not seen any such explicit statement from you -- there are discussions going on in a lot of different places, as I am sure you know. That works for me, and I hope the game hits its biggest stretch goal. Kicktraq projections always go down after the first couple of days. Their algorithm hasn't fully adjusted to the U-shaped curve of most campaigns. That said, the campaign will not reach its full potential as long as there is risk in the minds of potential investors. Rik, you could go a long way toward alleviating the doubt by stating, categorically, that the funds for the Kickstarter campaign are going to be completely out of the reach of Valley Games and its partners. If there is any kind of financial connection whatsoever, you should just come clean and describe it in detail. Just saying that there is "no risk" is helpful, but at this point I think many folks would like to know more. Thanx Rik for your response. My concern though is what is MY risk? ie: Is my pledge at risk regarding any successful legal prosecutions against Valley Games? Can you categorically admit that Radiant Gaming or Radiant Darkstart Productions are completely separate and unrelated entities to Valley Games and cannot somehow be liable for any breaches of conduct (financial or otherwise) made by Valley Games, as a result of any lawsuits made against Valley Games, and finally if Valley Games was to become insolvent? @ Paul Cooper… My apologies, it was Mr Charles Theel who was calling Radiant Games a "front company" on BGG multiple times, not you. @ Paul Cooper… wow, you are more adamant about this situation than Phil Sauer is. You continue to use terms like “front”, which designates a company that is set up to cover illegal activities… Valley Games has acknowledged they own Mr Sauer money… They have not set up a front company for illegal purposes. How about calming down a little and wait for Rik’s post on the situation instead of trying to escalate argument? Also, since your comment is a cross post from BGG, I will also cross post this on there. RE: Rik Falch 11 Hours ago… “Planning our statement currently. As for expansions, you can't imagine how much has been and is currently being developed for Up Front by our team. However, with this going on we don't fell the campaign will reach anywhere near what we hoped. Consequently, our loyal backers and true UP FRONT fans may lose out and miss much of what could have been” The Kicktraq projections for this project are decreasing daily. Many fans of Up Front are holding off or canceling their pledges. Some are refusing to pledge at all. And who is at fault? Not the people who are suing Valley Games for the money they are owed. Not the pledges who are worried that, even if sucessful, this project may never "pay off" or reach a decent number of stretch levels. The fault is entirely Rik's and Valley Games/Radient Gaming. It appears quite clearly that Radient Games is just a front for Valley games, and will most likely be responsible for the debts owed. It also appears that Valley games has engaged in some very unethical business practices, including refusing to repay loans and fees to designers. If they are willing to do this to business associates, I have to ask myself, are they willing to do the same thing to pledges, not only on this project, but the LfL pledges for DDD and ABiYP as well. And Rik's slow response to the situation is fueling the fires regarding just how serious the situation is and how much of a risk it is to the Up Front project. This is looking like it's going to be an epic disaster if Valley Games/Radient Gaming does not do something to resolve this situation ASAP. Best best- take responsibility and settle the legal actions against them. Make legally binding arrangements to pay off what is owed, and actually start repaying the debts, before this project crashes and burns. The reputation of Valley Games/Radient Gaming is at an all time low. They need to do something right now to fix this situation. Otherwise, the situation and backlash is just going to grow. @ Jonathan- that "BGG controversy" seems quite justified in this case to me, especially since a successful judgement to the tune of ~$120k (and potentially another $200k in the coming days/weeks) has been made against VG. We are being told that VG is not RG- "separate companies". There is uncertainty as well as inferences that can be made, regarding the true relationship between the 2 companies, and exactly because I'm not a "legal expert", I'd like to know what, if any, are going to be the risks if VG is chased for the money and they can't cough up... As supporters of this project, it shouldn't be us or BGGers that should be blamed if this project becomes pulled or not as successful in reaching its potential stretch goals... these "controversies" should not have been allowed to go on for so long without an immediate response to such an important issue. In fact I could go further to suggest that it shouldn't have had to come to this in the first case- this should all have been disclosed on their risk disclosure for this project or the whole KS project delayed until these legal matters where resolved... There's always going to be some kind of geek controversy on BGG on any given day. It's a shame that this time, Up Front is the victim. There's still plenty of time to hit some of the great stretch goals. As an attorney, I find it pretty amusing how "legal experts" have come out of the woodwork to offer up their opinions on a matter they almost certainly know nothing about. Make sure you carefully clear whatever official statement you decide to make with your own lawyer. On another note, I'd love to see more naming opportunities for soldiers! As was stated here and on BBG, people are dying to back this project up but the lack of a clear statement and some apparently underhanded issues are keeping people from committing. I know a bunch of people who have backed away but would be likely to come back if things were clear and honest. It's unfortunate, but I feel like there is no one else to blame but Radiant/Valley games if this game doesn't succeed to the level i know it can. This is has turned into a pure nightmare. Please save it, Rik and co! Rik, this is really sad what you say...you have to stop the bleeding ! and what about the Line for life for D-Day and AiYP ??? If it's of any consolation while we wait for Rik's official statement regarding the lawsuit, Scott Alden of Board Game Geek (BGG) fame (founder) just backed up Up Front a while ago. If anyone knows about what's really going on with the future of this game, he would be one. So at least that eases me up a bit. But I still await a statement from Rik regarding the future of the game. Rik, any plans to release a Spanish army as a future expansion. In fact, any plans to release any expansions in the future for Up Front? Hi Rik, I've backed this project but wasn't concerned until these references with law suites against Valley Games. You have stated that there is nothing to fear as Valley Games and Radiant Gaming are two DIFFERENT companies. What concerns me though is the following... If they are two different companies then: 1. why a reference to both D-Day Dice and Airbourne in your Pocket, as part of the Kickstarter "Risks and Challenges" blurb for this current UpFront Kickstarter project? 2. why has the website for both D-Day Dice and AiYP changed to Radiant Gaming, when all the official comments and updates are electronically signed off in several posts as "Valley Games"? 3. why my copy of D-Day Dice has absolutely no reference to Radiant Gaming and has the Valley Games logo all over it? 4. why the Radiant Gaming website doesn't work? 5. How can one explain the fact that the registered addresses for both companies are identical? They may be two different companies "by Name", but I think we all aught to know: 6. what the actual relationship is that exists between the two companies? 7. to what extent are our pledges are safe with Radiant Gaming, should creditors start chasing Valley Games? and can that be guaranteed by Radiant Gaming or will there still remain an element of risk? (and if so to what level would that risk be?) 8. Who is actually publishing, distributing, responsible with Up Front? Radiant Gaming or Valley Games? Things are becoming too blurred to me, and I'm genuinely becoming concerned about the whole situation and lack of adequate clarification from the publishers of this game... This Valley Games situation is starting to freak me out a bit... Can we get a full and complete answer on this situation (perhaps in the form of an update?) I know it is a little early to be asking this... but, the Airborne Pack, will it be based on actual people, like Winters and Malarkey, ect? Any word on opening up more personalized cards? While I was thinking about the extra $75 they sold out. Yeah, I would like to get a straight answer. The future of Up Front really depends on it. We want some reassurances.... I want this game to succeed. -Ski So Rik, Any response to the concerns raised on BGG? I really hope your answer is a little more than "Yes, we owe the money, but we have no intention of ever paying and there is no way they can collect on the judgement." We are quickly approaching the $45k goal. My question is where do the guns and AFV's come from for the decks that don't have them? Will this reprint of UP FRONT have more development than the Radiant Gaming website? A link from September suddenly makes things look worse??? Anyone reading the BGG thread will see that the "winner" of the lawsuit has consistently said he has no way to collect., and that his only hope of seeing money is to embarrass VG into paying him through online chat. A handfull of "internet lawyers" have ignored the "can't collect" part of the statement and created an elaborate theory as to how this means Up Front is going to be bankrupt. Perhaps they should create their own KS project, "Panic in your Pocket" Now word is another person is going after Valley Games. This time a world famous designer. <url>"named soldier" pledge levels. Does this mean every copy of "Up Front" will contain that soldier, or will it be a one off "promo" bonus card? In regards to the buzz at BGG, what is the actual relationship between Valley Games and Radiant Gaming? There is a lot of buzzing going on over at BGG that Valley Games is being sued by an investor for unpaid loans to the tune of $300k, and already has a judgement against Valley Games for $125k. Will this situation have any impact on this project and it's ability to fulfill the pledge levels? Curious to know about the stretch goal line up for the armies, was there a reason behind having Norway first then FFI etc. If I want multiples of the same tier, do I have to pay for overseas shipping multiple times? Or only once? INTERNATIONAL SHIPPING. There is a way around it. When you pledge, in the bottom left, it states that it is only available to backers in the US. Next to that is a hyperlink that says "In US?" or something similar. If you click on that, the system will let you pledge. So you can simply pledge, the amount stated PLUS the required shipping costs. Simply put, you need to "pretend" that you are in the US. However I would strongly recommend that Rik created additional pledge levels which mirror those already in existence, BUT that allow for International Shipping. The reason I believe this should be done, is that some international backers might not belive they can "falsify" location, and so be put off by the fact that it says Ships within US only- and simply NOT pledge :-( Regardless, I'm in! Good luck with another KS campaign! Rik, this project is awesome. I predict you blow away the D-Day Dice records! Two suggestions: 1) allow the purchase of extra card decks. 2) switch the 300k/400k rewards. I'd much rather have the bag! And great to meet you and Torben at BGGcon. God damnit Rik! Couldn't you have waited until AFTER Christmas!. This user's account has been deleted. i am unsure of what the stretch rewards represent. Are they a couple of different soldiers to substitute in? Do the nations have different rules about how they play? Thank you very much! 2013 will be so awesome! After the KS campaign is over, what will the suggested retail price be for the base game and for each additional army? I am a bit confused about the "US Only" on the pledges. I saw about the shipping costs for other countries and followed suit, adding the appropriate value. I assume that flag on the "us only" is a mistake? I also had no sound for the video. Was able to grab a Captain's slot as I had hoped. Now, let's hope this thing comes to fruition. Been waiting on this for years. Couple of comments. Firstly, the shipping of the games are all currently set to within the US. hope you'll be able to change them before the KS ends! Secondly, is the video suppose to be artistically mute? Or is there a bug cause my video does not have any sound at all