Guys, Happy New Year and we at Vertus Audio wish you a very happy and successful year. We had planned to have the machine-assembled prototype ready for the update and since we don’t have it yet, we are going to post an update through this comment. We chose our American manufacturer that is going to make the machine-assembled prototype and then later produce the final electronic boards for us, all here in the USA. This is a big step forward for us in making Vertus a true and very rare "Made in USA" consumer electronics device. Due to the the manufacturer’s recommendations, we need to make some changes to the design of the board and submit it to them to make the prototype and move towards the production. Thanks everyone for the patience and we will keep you guys updated! Guys, We are going to post the update with all the details about the selected manufacturer and more on Jan 4. We hope all of our hard work will soon be appreciated! Guys, We are working hard on the project and will post an update soon. There is a high possibility that our boards can be completely manufactured and assembled here in the U.S., which would make Vertus completely a Made in USA product which is very rare in consumer electronics. We are talking with two companies now that are promising prices close to China and Hong Kong for mass production of the boards and we will give the prototype board machine-assembly to the one that we finalize the deal with. Despite the delays, Vertus is still unique in its original vision and is the most advanced Bluetooth audio adapter in the world. Guys, we have a major good announcement however we need to finalize couple more things before writing an update so we will be posting the update on Sunday the 5th. We apologize for this delay. VertusAudio Team Guys, we are going to post the new update with all the details on September 29. VertusAudio Team (Kev) Kevin Grezcyn: We said we are going to contact the manufacturer and try to push them and that's exactly what we did. Listen, You have crossed all the lines in terms of disrespecting our project, us, Kickstarter community and most importantly our backers. We have put our lives into pushing this project towards completion despite the numerous struggles that we have faced with, and you are simply not allowed by any means (ethically and legally) to play with our and our projects’s reputation on your free will, just based on your $59 early bird pledge. You even tried to make a complain on us in La County Consumer Affairs and after they called us and we explained the situation, they completely supported our project and said that they will contact you and explain it to you and I'm sure they did. By counting days and disrespecting and spamming our profile, you are not helping and instead you are trying to take our time and energy away from the project which is extremely disrespectful to our backers. But, listen, currently we are trying to not waste our energy and time on you and instead we are completely focused on completing the project (which is still unique and original without any competitors) as soon as possible and indeed once we finish fulfilling all the orders, we will now almost certainly pursue the strong Defamation and Defamation Per Se cases against you. @Michael Morrissey: We are still waiting for the new machine-assembled prototype board to arrive and as soon as we get them, we will post the update. We will contact the manufacturer tomorrow again and will try to push them to send the boards as soon as possible! Kev (Kevin Grezcyn): That's true that all of our backers want us to succeed but you, wanting us to succeed, is seriously questionable. Every bit of your actions, false accusations and false criminal accusations shows otherwise. As we've said before, Kickstarter's policy states that creators are obligated to offer refunds and share a use of funds statement if and only if they completely fail to fulfill the project, which is not the case here and instead the funds are well budgeted and we are on track toward fulfilling the project. All your other questions have been answered throughout updates and comments. @Scott: As you know, we have designed the board here in USA, and we are just sending the prototype board to overseas for machine assembly of its electronic components to save costs and manage our budget. @Frank: All parts and manufacturing has been paid/budgeted in advance and that's why we say we want to manage our budget as much as we can so we don't get into that reserved budget. @kev (Kevin Grezcyn): Before bombarding the comment section with wrong accusations and jumping to conclusions, take a look at the writing one more time. We wrote "...because making motherboard prototypes in USA costs a lot and also takes time, even though much less than oversees..." the part saying "even though much less than oversees" is addressing the TIME and not the COST which is exactly what is happening right now. Look, by trying to find a hiccup in our work, it wouldn't get you anywhere because there is none. And all this false accusations and bombardment of our comments section, strengthens our drive to pursue a defamation case on you after we finish shipping all the orders. To remind you again the potential case is going to be based on the California Civil Code Cal. Civ. Code §§ 44, 45 and 45a. Also, please note that, the section 45a is the Defamation Per Se law (with a sister law in the state of New Jersey ,Charge 8.46) which is basically a law that gives the plaintiff the opportunity to win the defamation case without proving any reputation or financial loss when the defendant has falsely accused the plaintiff of a criminal activity in public. So, aside from your many defamatory comments against us, you have also accused us of being thieves numerous times in our comments section and since we are not thieves but instead are hard working individuals that are trying hard to bring the project into completion as soon as possible, you have clearly accused us of a criminal activity which we have not done. So, we would suggest you to stop all this accusations and disrespecting, because it just hurts you as much as it hurts us and its better to realize that now, than realize it when you get the Vertus in your mailbox shortly. @Evan Schwartz: We understand your concern, but since we have a very high standard in our company, which we have followed and we are going to continue following, we would send the Vertus as a reliable and advanced product along with its accessories all in one package. The charging station doesn't need any further development, and the extra battery pack is going to have the same Lithium-ion charging circuitery as its used in Vertus but on a very small baord. @Schwai: Adding the new advanced features hasn't slowed us down but instead we have used the opportunity, in terms of having to design a new board, to keep Vertus way ahead of any product in its class. Also, the board hasn't arrived yet because we have sent it oversees for machine assembly which takes a longer time and these companies usually don't pay much attention to single prototype orders and they always give priority to large orders of at least 1000 peices. The reason that we sent the board overseas for machine assembly is because it is very expensive inside USA to produce prototype assembled baords and since we have already lost a lot of money on this project, we want to manage our budget as much as we can. @Scott: We will post an update soon, once we get new information about the new board's arrival. @Evan Schwartz: Evan, the delay that we are experiencing now is due to our commitment of delivering a flawless and advanced product to our backers. Vertus is still very unique in its concept and no other product is comparable to Vertus in terms of its core functionality which is to add True Stereo Wireless to any speaker along with its very advanced features. We have worked hard to deliver a product that would define the highest standards of our company and our vision and when Vertus systems gets to our backers, our only goal would be to see our backers’ satisfaction and appreciation. Also, please note that the charging station is an extension of Vertus receivers and doesn’t have an electronic circuit, which means that the advanced charging capability is built into the Vertus and the charging station is a convenient charging base to charge one or two Vertuses at the same through the 3.5mm jack. Vertus’ advanced charging functionality gets activated once it’s plugged into the charging station and recognizes it with our proprietary mechanical detection. We are still waiting for the new prototype machine-assembled board to come from overseas and we try to stay close to the timeline that we gave in update #10 as much as we can. Guys, we have posted a new update. Please check it out in the updates section. Guys, testing and troubleshooting the new board is almost complete, which means we are almost ready to order the second prototype board. We are going to post a detailed update on June 19 which would include some technical explanation and summary of the testing and troubleshooting process, new pictures of the upgraded enclosure, a video showing the board mounted in the new enclosure, and a proposal for the design of the packaging. We have one goal, and it is to show our backers that we would never stop until we see them happy and satisfied with their experience with Kickstarter and Vertus Audio. @ Michael Hopkins: Michael, first we are going to explain the situation of the project and where we stand legally and then we are going to explain what legal options are possible or not possible regarding Kickstarter’s Accountability policy and most importantly what are the extent of legal options that are possible based on the DEFAMATION LAW. This is a copy of the Kickstarter's Accountability policy regarding legal actions against project creators: " Is a creator legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project? Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. (This is what creators see before they launch.) This information can serve as a basis for legal recourse if a creator doesn't fulfill their promises. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. " So, basically this policy states that the creators are subject to legal actions ONLY if backers see a clear indication that the creators will fail to fulfill the rewards completely and not issue any refunds. A clear indication would include cutting communications with backers completely, not having any plan in fulfilling the rewards while the project is delayed, and not showing any progress. Furthermore, Kickstarter requires creators to explain the risks and challenges of fulfilling the rewards in the Risks and Challenges section of the campaign and provide an ESTIMATED delivery date. As a result we have a detailed risks and challenges section on our campaign. This is a copy of Kickstarter's Accountability policy regarding delays: “What should creators do if they're having problems completing their project? If problems come up, creators are expected to post a Project Update (which is emailed to all backers) explaining the situation. Sharing the story, speed bumps and all, is crucial. Most backers support projects because they want to see something happen and they'd like to be a part of it. Creators who are honest and transparent will usually find backers to be understanding. It's not uncommon for things to take longer than expected. Sometimes the execution of the project proves more difficult than the creator had anticipated. If a creator is making a good faith effort to complete their project and is transparent about it, backers should do their best to be patient and understanding while demanding continued accountability from the creator. If the problems are severe enough that the creator can't fulfill their project, creators need to find a resolution. Steps could include offering refunds, detailing exactly how funds were used, and other actions to satisfy backers.” So, basically this policy states it is common for projects to be delayed and creators should inform the backers of the difficulties and speed bumps that they face until they succeed in completing the project and it states again that creators are obligated to refunds, ONLY if they fail to deliver the rewards completely. Our project is delayed because of unfortunate reasons which we have covered in detail through updates and comments through-out the last ten months. In fact our latest update showed pictures of our newly assembled prototype boards of the new Vertus along with a technical report and an estimated timeline. As we see here, again we have not violated any of the Kickstarter's policies (which both creators and backers agree before backing a project or launching a project) by following our promise of delivering a flawless and reliable product as soon as we can along with clear descriptions of the situations. As a result, currently there is absolutely NO LEGAL ACTION POSSIBLE on us (the Vertus creators). The Washington lawsuit case against "Asylum", mentioned in the comments, is completely a different story because the creator has cut all the communications with the backers since July with no updates and timelines. As we see here, the creator of that project has clearly violated the kickstarter's Accountability policy and has become the subject of the aforementioned lawsuit. We have dedicated our lives to this project and by knowing that our generous backers helped us in bringing our vision to reality, we haven't and won't violate the Kickstarter's Accountability policy by any means and furthermore we would defend our reputation by the maximum extent of law against individuals that try to damage our image and reputation and mislead our Kickstarter backers and new potential customers with false accusations against us which include accusing us of stealing the campaign fund and being scammers. Because the false accusations and threats of lawsuits against us has really reached a critical stage throughout the last week by few select individuals, we have spent the last five days on discussing this matter with various law offices in Los Angeles and other cities in California, New Jersey, and Washington. As a result of the discussions, we have the privilege to pursue legal actions against the select individuals that are trying to damage our image and reputation based on the DEFAMATION LAW. This link clearly explains the law in California: <url>§§ 44, 45 and 45a: §§ 44. Defamation is effected by either of the following: (a) Libel. (b) Slander. §§ 45. Libel is a false and unprivileged publication by writing, printing, picture, effigy, or other fixed representation to the eye, which exposes any person to hatred, contempt, ridicule, or obloquy, or which causes him to be shunned or avoided, or which has a tendency to injure him in his occupation. §§ 45a. A libel which is defamatory of the plaintiff without the necessity of explanatory matter, such as an inducement, innuendo or other extrinsic fact, is said to be a libel on its face. Defamatory language not libelous on its face is not actionable unless the plaintiff alleges and proves that he has suffered special damage as a proximate result thereof. Special damage is defined in Section 48a of this code. Thanks to the Kickstarter's non-edit commenting system, all the false accusations against us by the select individuals have been recorded and can be used in the potential defamation lawsuits against them. The potential lawsuits are going to demand compensation regarding business reputation and financial damage. These individuals include but not limited to Kevin Grezcyn (Kev), Graeme Bell, Blake Long, and Michael Hopkins. @Scott Hoeflich: Sorry for answering your questions late, because as we said on top we have been really busy the last five days in finding a solution to protect our reputation and image and limit financial damages by discussing with various Defamation law offices across three states and we are happy that there is a clear path in fighting against false accusations legally. These select individuals don't understand that by making false accusations and invalid threats of a lawsuit, they are making us to focus on legal matters instead of working on the project. But, to give you a brief update regarding the progress, the testing and troubleshooting goes well and as planned. We have fixed almost all the major issues regarding the micro-controller. We will update our backers of the progress once we finish the testing and troubleshooting of the new board towards the end of May and order the second prototype board as soon as possible. Guys, we are working on the update and will post it tomorrow at 6pm PST. @Scott Hoeflich: As we said earlier, we’ve been waiting for three of the larger components to finish the assembly, and since then we've got two of the components and the only component we are waiting for now is the BT module itself that is going to arrive on Monday. We will post the update on April 8, which will give us enough time to finish the assembly and do a test run. @Evan Schwartz: The prototypes are coming along well so far. We have assembled most of the components and are waiting for three of the larger components to arrive, which are getting shipped to us direct form their manufacturers. Also, we appreciate that you pointed out the fact in the last update, that we are going to post an update once we test the prototypes. So basically, testing the board, troubleshooting, and modifying the micro-controller software would take couple of weeks, but, we will post the update just after a quick test once we get the remaining components and finish the assembling. Guys, we are excited to say we are going to get the PCBs (printed circuit boards) on Thursday and once we get them, we will post an update with pcitures. Then, after hand-assembling the components on the pcbs, we will post a full update showing the pcitures of the fully assembled boards and the updated timeline. @Scott Hoeflich: We answered your questions about the boards in this comment and we will answer the rest about the timeline in the updates. @Martin, Maxim Morozov, and Howeln: Thank you! @Matt: Thank you for the suggestion. @Dairui Ke and Jeffry Moore: We are doing everything on our part to deliver a perfect product as soon as possible and there are times that there is not much to share with backers except the very complicated technical stuff which wouldn't be appropriate and interesting information for most of our backers. @Andrew Casey: We are waiting for the new boards, and as soon as we get them, we will post the update with the new timeline. @Kevin Grezcyn (kev): We have always been in the comments board along with your continuos negative comments and spams and your questions have already been answered in the updates and comments section. Even in your last comment, you accused us of being scam by saying “Since you haven’t built anything you should have funds available for anyone’s refund request.” This is ridiculous. As I told you already, this doesn’t help with anything but hurt the progress by taking the time from us which was supposed to be spent on the project. Michael Morrissey: Thank you for the positive comment, it really helps! Blake Long, Kevin Grezcyn (kev): Guys, by spamming our profile, you are not helping, but actually hurting our progress. Yes a lot of things went wrong in the process of developing our product and yes it is 6 months past due the shipping date but we’re working 20 hours a day to overcome these problems and ship these products as soon as possible, which always have been our dream. Yes, the website was down for couple of hours due to a temporary problem with the account. You just want to find a lead that we are scams. WE’RE NOT! We’re not hiding and we’re not afraid of our information to be shared because we don’t have anything to hide! The LinkedIn account is NOT mine and you are violating that persons privacy and also violating Kickstarter and LinkedIn's policy by accusing him of wrong allegations. Yes, I did put my Instagram on private because you threatened to spam my account which you already started to. I’m not even gonna comment on the “fancy watches and vacations” because its just ridiculous. From starting you two, have been anything but chill. You guys keep writing negative comments which do not have a respond, thus no response from us. We have answered any question anyone had from the beginning! Kickstarter is a creative community to fund creative projects through true backers and is not a retail store. Kickstarter’s policy states that the estimated delivery dates are just estimates and the creator’s of the projects are obligated for refunds or subject to possible legal action, ONLY when the creators forfeit the project and fail to show any progress and fail to deliver the rewards completely. Therefore, NO LEGAL ACTIONS are possible for us, because we have always updated our backers and we are dedicated to deliver not only a product, but a flawless and advanced electronics device to our backers. We posted a progress update comment on Jan 27 and in the comment we stated that we are waiting for the boards which should arrive in about three weeks, and we would post an update with the pictures and information. Today, is only two weeks past from the date of comment which technically gives us another week or two to receive the boards and post the update. This a copy of our original comment on Jan 27: "JAN 27: We finally got the info we were waiting for on when the new boards would be shiped to us. We are going to get the boards in about three weeks. Once we get them, we will put an update showing you the new boards. Meanwhile, we just want to thank everyone for patiently waiting for our progress. It might not be as fast as we planned, but there is definitely a strong progress towards making the most advanced Bluetooth adapter in the world. VertusAudio team” At VertusAudio, we are dedicated to do our responsibility of delivering our promises as rewards as soon as we can. We also as a company are against spammers, the same way that Kickstarter is against spamming. Also, We would like to emphasize again that we have not violated any of Kickstarter’s rules and therefore we are not subject to any Legal Action, but, again we would like to emphasize that, after talking to our company lawyers in Glendale, CA, as a company, we would pursue with every possible legal action towards select individuals that cause harm to our company’s reputation and image by misleading other backers by spamming our profile with misleading information. Everyone, we do apologize for being past due 6 months, but again, its not only us in Kickstarter to face problems like this. Starting a company is very hard specially an electronics company with just two people. But that’s how every company starts and grows eventually. Vertus is a result of our backers’ belief and appreciation towards our company, and it would’t have come this far without our faithful backers which we truly appreciate and acknowledge everyday. VertusAudio team We finally got the info we were waiting for on when the new boards would be shiped to us. We are going to get the boards in about three weeks. Once we get them, we will put an update showing you the new boards. Meanwhile, we just want to thank everyone for patiently waiting for our progress. It might not be as fast as we planned, but there is definitely a strong progress towards making the most advanced Bluetooth adapter in the world. VertusAudio team @Michael Morrissey: We will have information for the boards on Monday. @Kevin: The January shipping is a misleading information that you are saying. We gave an estimated Timeline in Update #7 which shows what are the next steps after receiving the first prototypes. @Michael: As you know, our micro-controller (which is basically a very tiny computer) acts as the central control unit of the system and has the ability to change the different modes and functionalities of Vertus. We are working on the micro-controller software regarding the user interface (buttons and the status LED) and system control until we get the boards, so we can program the boards and test the system. @Adam: Yes, you'll be able to do that. @Evan Schwartz: Thank you and we all wish you the same! @Andrew Casey: We are going to post a short update soon before Christmas. @Dvir Shimon Sasson: Asking for more updates is a right of all our backers and we totally understand that, but accusing us as being scammers, is just not right! I don't know if you remember, but we had a test video from the first day of our campaign that showed both speakers working at the same time. The video is still on the profile and you can take a look at it if you'd like. Vertus is not a standalone product, it is an add-on to any speaker giving the speaker capabilities the speaker didn't have before. Therefore our product cannot be shown working standalone and it needs a speaker to show its capabilities. The reason why we used Jambox speakers was to show our backers that even speakers that have Bluetooth but do not have the True Wireless Stereo technology, would still need Vertus to work as a pair at the same time. @Graeme: We actually posted the updated 20 minutes before your comment, on November 15 in our time. Guys, as we said a week ago, we are going to post an update on Nov 15 ! @The JJ: We understand your concern, but it is essential to mention that a Kickstarter backer, not only believes in the project but more importantly trusts its creators and that's a case that is not followed here by a select few. We haven't posted an official update recently, but we have followed through comments regarding the progress and stated many times that as soon as we have answers to the aforementioned questions we will post an update and at this point we will have enough information to post the update on November 15. As a result, we appreciate every one of our backers and we haven't and would never attempt to be disrespectful to the individuals that helped us. @Matt: Thanks for your understanding and be confident that the wait will be rewarding. We definitely will have an official update in November to explain the progress in detail. @Madalena: Sorry about that, please send us your Amazon transaction ID so we can help you regarding the error. Thanks @Kevin: We wrote an update comment on Oct 7 and explained the situation and I'm copying it here for your reference: " Hey guys, everything is going well, we are continuously testing and modifying the in-development software. The reason why we don't put many updates is because we don't have any visuals or new things to let you guys know. We have one goal and that's to make the perfect product without any issues and in order to reach our goal, we need to keep evaluating and modifying the in-development software and continue the development of the new motherboard with high standards. Once we're done with this stage, we are going to move on to having the first complete prototypes with the new modules, which would let us to show you guys visuals and post updates more often." @Graeme, @David: Kickstarter is about funding a project and helping the creators in the project development process and getting rewards as a return of the investment in a vision and, as a result, its not a store and doesn't follow the conventional rules of a store such as refunds, which are destructive for the vision and for the project as a whole. Hey guys, everything is going well, we are continuously testing and modifying the in-development software. The reason why we don't put many updates is because we don't have any visuals or new things to let you guys know. We have one goal and that's to make the perfect product without any issues and in order to reach our goal, we need to keep evaluating and modifying the in-development software and continue the development of the new motherboard with high standards. Once we're done with this stage, we are going to move on to having the first complete prototypes with the new modules, which would let us to show you guys visuals and post updates more often. @Michael Morrissey: Yes, it's still the same as what we stated in update #6. Guys, everything is going fine and be assured that we are doing our job. We are working back and forth with the engineering teams in different aspects and we will post updates when we get to important points in the journey. As of now, we are testing and modifying the beta software on our new development boards and also designing the new main board and dealing with other technical aspects of the project. @Yagami: 1) By just flipping a switch on Vertus, you can convert it to a transmitter. 2) yes. 3) you can buy an additional Vertus from our website VertusAudio.com 4) We have couple of options for that stuff and will let our backers know once we choose the best solutions. Guys please bear with us until August 13th, we are gathering all the needed information to post a detailed update of our plan. Thank you for understanding! Vertus Audio @Yagami: We are still waiting for some key information from our Bluetooth supplier to post the update and as soon as we get the information, we will post the update. Also, regarding the survey, we got the gunmetal grey anodized parts but it is darker than we expected, so we had to return the parts to be anodized again with the correct shade and when we get them back we will send the surveys. @Blake: We will post the update tomorrow. @Darshan & @Matt: If you leave Vertus on and you go out of range, Vertus will enter the standby mode and when you come back in the range, you will just need to click on the device name in your Bluetooth menu to connect. But, if you turn Vertus off and when you come back you turn it on, Vertus will automatically connect to your phone. @Graeme: Actually there is alot to share with our backers, we are just waiting to get all the required information to post an update in couple of days. Also, regarding the frequency of updates, if you check our comment on June 12, we said that we will post an update when we have major announcements or when we set key milestones and this way our updates won't be repetitive. @Blake @Darshan: We will send the surveys in about two weeks, and regarding the shipping date, along our journey there are stuff that are beyond our control, but we are doing our best to meet our estimated timeline. Everything is going as planned, we are going to post an update on July 3. We want to let our backers know that everything is going well and as planned. We decided to write updates when we have a major announcements or when we set key milestones. This way, our updates won't be repetitive and instead we can let our backers know of regular follow-ups through comments. Our Bluetooth supplier is working on the final stages of the development and customization and we are still working on the announcement of the transmitter add-on. We are also developing the clip add-on with audio controls! Also, we will send the surveys once we gather all the needed questions. Overall everything is going as planned and we're working hard to get Vertus in your hands as soon as possible. @Jollin, @Dairui: We have been very busy this last 12 days with Amazon payments, failed transactions, transfer of funds , paperworks and other stuff that needed to be done before going forward. Therefore, we will start the production updates including news about the add-ons from next Wednesday. @Yagami: That's a good question and the answer is, connecting two add-ons simultaneously would be totally fine! @Yagami : The transmitter add-on is going to look similar to the battery pack add-on and regarding the case, we already have some options and also it was surprising that you brought the idea of adding some controls with an add-on, since we are already working on a prototype add-on that would add the button controls if its needed combined with the clip function which we will introduce on our website in coming weeks. @Blake and @Andy: We haven't send out the surveys yet but we're going to send them soon. @Josh @Suhail @Evan and @Jerry: Have you guys gotten any emails from amazon yet? @Peter: We are working on the transmitter. I can not say exactly when it will be available in the website but we're trying to make it available to order as soon as possible. @Manil: You can't increase your pledge on Kickstarter. However, Vertus is available for preorder at vertusaudio.com @Helge and Jerry: I just talked to one of the associates at Amazon and she said that the credit cards are getting initiated now and they are going to charge the cards starting sometime tomorrow. Please check again tomorrow, if you still do not see any charges, let us know we will check with Amazon again. @Evan, @The JJ: Thank you. @Darius: The battery packs have a discharge current rate of about 100mA and might work with other micro-USB devices. @Heri: If you do research about the big differences in sound quality between different Bluetooth products in market today, you would see that sound quality is related to more complex technical aspects such as the quality of the Digital to Analog converter (DAC), signal to noise ratio, and internal Digital Sound Processing. So, as I wrote earlier because our product excels in these technical properties, the sound quality might be even higher than some Apt-X products. Anyways, CSR's TrueWireless Stereo technology currently doesn't support Apt-X and if they support it, we will implement it and also to get Apt-X, both ends should support Apt-X and all iOS devices such as iPhones, and iPads currently don't support it. @Justin: Based on Kickstarter's rules, each person can only pledge on one reward in a project. @Kevin: Thanks! @Corey: The charging station is a smart docking station that is used to charge up to two Vertus receivers conveniently at the same time. @Heri: CSR's TrueWirless Stereo technology currently doesn't support the apt-x codec. But it doesn't make much difference since our Bluetooth module produces a very high quality sound by using a great built-in DAC and internal digital sound processing that surpasses must Bluetooth products in the market. Also, all iOS devices such as iPhones and iPads don't support apt-X. @Yeong: Not in our Kickstarter campaign, but expect some cool add-ons that we are going to introduce in our website. @The JJ: The transmitter add-on will have a slightly higher price than the battery pack add-on. Also, we are working on some interesting ideas regarding other add-ons and once we are ready to introduce any of them, we will let our backers know through updates. @Garth: Vertus supports SBC and MP3 codecs over A2DP. @Vladimir: Thanks, that should be fine. @Byron: Vertus is smart, it turns on automatically when you plug it in and turns off when you unplug it. Also while plugged-in, if it is not receiving music, it goes to standby mode. @James: I understand that a lot of backers wont need the micro-USB cable but again there are ones that do need them, so we need to supply them anyways. @Suhail: Thanks for being our Kickstarter exclusive Limited Edition backer. The Limited Edition reward is priced higher for its exclusivity and personalization and not for more features or more parts. So if you want the battery packs, please add the amount needed to your pledge. @Yagami: The CSR's TrueWireless Stereo technology is designed to spread the music in a collective stereo form, and we are unable to change its functionality. @Nick: Yes we will supply that. Abdussamat! Exactly, and that is why the Early Bird full packages are limited! This is Kickstarter, and that's why we tried our best to set the lowest price we could afford to break even and even lose money for the $59 Early Bird reward. Whenever you get a chance, just take a look at the premium-grade electronic components offered from reputable American suppliers, and you will see that even with a large order quantity, you can not do much. Regardless, thank you for being our backer. We have been working hard the last couple of days in preparing the UPDATE regarding the transmitter add-on which we are going to introduce shortly. @Saleh: That's a cool way to use Vertus! Yes, it should work. @Elena: Bluetooth transmitter (sender) is a device that lets you add Bluetooth to a music source for example an iPod or even a TV. But, Vertus (as receivers) would work great with HiddenRadio speakers. You can connect up to two HiddenRadios and play the same audio on both HiddenRadio speakers at the same, wirelessly, @Angelo: You have two ways to charge Vertus. First one is charging by the micro-USB port on each Vertus. Second one is by using the charging station which can charge up to two Vertus receivers at the same time through their 3.5mm jacks. We supply a USB power adapter with every charging station. The good thing about charging station is that you can charge two Vertus receivers at the same time which in overall makes charging Vertus easier. It acts much like a dock for an iPhone. @James: We're going to introduce the transmitter add-on tonight. So, Its going to be available in Kickstarter. @Peter: Vertus does not work while on the charging station, since it is charged by its 3.5mm jack when it is charged by the charging station. However Vertus WILL work while charging through its micro-USB port. @Bobo: No, that can't be done. @Elena: Kickstarter only lets each account to pledge on only one reward per project. @Evan: We've given couple of our prototypes to the anodizing and finishing facility and we're waiting for them to finish. It will be ready in about a week. Once its finished, we will post them in an update. @K.Alteholz-Martindale: That can be done. But, the main purpose of the full Vertus package is to spread the music in one area with two different speakers without wires. @Steven: When you use two Vertus receivers together in the TrueWireless Stereo Mode, they both play the same thing but in a stereo form collectively. Meaning if you have two speakers in one place and want to spread the music by putting your speakers apart from each other, they both will play the same music but one would be the left speaker and the other one the right speaker, making a stereo field collectively. Thank you everyone!! @Evan: We are working on the clip. I don't know if we can get it ready for Kickstarter but we are working on it. @Mark: That can be done! We will explain the details in the upcoming update. @Peter, Saleh, KYLee: We actually were going to offer an add-on Bluetooth transmitter (sender) for Vertus, but for marketing reasons and for eliminating confusion, we decided to not offer it. But after many requests for the transmitter function, it seems our backers really like that idea and for that we are thinking of offering it. @Yagami: Since we already had this planned and designed before starting Kickstarter, this is not going to cause any delays and most definitely there is not going to be any hesitation in making a great quality product! Everyone please stay tuned we are going to put an update soon regarding the transmitter add-on. Meanwhile thanks again, we're almost there!!! @Darshan : That is actually one thing that we're debating on now. In order to have phone conversations coming through car stereo, Vertus should have a call handling function and a microphone. The issue is that while some cars' AUX port is next to the stereo, others' AUX port is in the glove-box or in the dashboard, which would make the microphone on Vertus useless (if we choose to put a microphone). Another issue is that a lot of people prefer using Bluetooth headsets in order to keep their conversations private. So not putting the call handling function and a microphone in this case would be perfect, because the cellphone would automatically switch between the car stereo for music and the headset for calls. But if we enable the call handling function on Vertus, every time a call comes and you want to use your headset, you have to choose the headset from your cellphone and it wont be switched automatically. So what we are going to do is that, at the end of the campaign, we will send a survey about this and if the majority of our backers would like a microphone and call handling function on Vertus, we will make that happen! @KYLee : No, because Vertus receivers are not Bluetooth transmitters and are designed to receive Bluetooth Audio stream form devices such as smart phones, tablets, laptops and PCs that already have Bluetooth Audio streaming (sending) capability. For clarification: The charging station is an optional smart docking station for charging up to two Vertus receivers at the same time. And the cool thing is that it charges the receivers through their audio jacks. The charging station itself gets power through its micro-USB port. @David : Each Vertus receiver has a built-in battery that lasts at least 10 hours. The optional charging station is only for charging and doesn't have any batteries. @Jim Frye: Sure! I'll post the links soon. @Yagami : Of coarse Vertus can survive the vibrations of any kind, even much much higher than the vibrations that you mentioned. While the electronics inside the speaker work fine, Vertus will also work fine. @Nathan : Bluetooth 4.0 technology has two parts which are 1: the Legacy Bluetooth that we are using and 2: the Bluetooth low energy, which cannot be used for audio streaming and is mainly used for sensors. Also we are not using Bluetooth 3.0, because the TrueWireless Stereo technology uses Bluetooth 2.1 EDR (Enhanced Data Rate). @Yagami : We have couple of options for dust cap and once we choose the best solution we will let our backers know. @Sam : The charging station is an optional smart docking station for charging up to two Vertus receivers at the same time. And the cool thing is that it charges the receivers through their audio jacks. The charging station itself gets power through its micro-USB port. @rusty : Yes you're right, there is a micro-USB port on each Vertus receiver. @James Bailey, @LoganBlue: We like the transmitter and receiver idea and we might do it as a stretch goal for extra cost once we reach our goal! We'll keep you updated on that. @Chris : Thanks, don't worry they will work fine. @James : Thanks, Regarding your first request, each Vertus receiver can be used as a stereo Bluetooth receiver when it is in Stand-alone mode, and regarding your second request, our charging station does not contain a Bluetooth module, so it can't be used as a transmitter, but cool idea! @Mohammad: Thank you, we appreciate it!! @david: The reason we are using Bluetooth 2.1 is because at this point the True Wireless Stereo technology only supports Bluetooth 2.1. @Rusty : Yes, it will work fine. @Evan : Cool idea! Lets see what happens, we might put that as a stretch goal. @Yagami : Vertus can power all standard In-ears and over-the-head headphones. @Evan : Each receiver would come with a 3.5mm female-to-female adapter. So the full Vertus system will have two adapters included. @ Sandra : The best way to connect a Vertus receiver to a headphone is by connecting it by wire via the included 3.5mm female-to-female adapter. This is because the placement of the 3.5mm jack on headphones varies, and while Vertus can fit one headphone, it might not fit another one. @david : Because we are using premium grade components in making each Vertus, which are going to be machined and assembled in USA, it is really not possible for us to offer them at a lower cost for larger quantities. @ben1680 : We designed Vertus with the plug exposed to make it as small as possible. Also, Design-wise, this helps Vertus to easily merge with the connected speakers. Meanwhile, having the plug exposed shouldn't cause any issues. @Sandra : I just posted a photo with a Vertus receiver connected to an Apple headphones via a 3.5mm female-to-female adapter, which we are going to include in every package. @Sandra : For headphones, if you just want to use Vertus as a stand-alone Bluetooth stereo receiver to add Bluetooth capability to a non-Bluetooth headphone, it would work great! @David : Yes, we have charged and used the batteries many times without any loss of power. This is a good indication of the manufacturer's claim of being able to hold at least 80% power even after 500 10-hour usage cycles.This is the standard rating for all mobile consumer electronics. So don't worry, it's a really good battery. @ Yagami : Yes, either one of the receivers can work as a stand-alone Bluetooth stereo receiver. @Elena : Vertus only works with up to two speakers. @Yagami : Yes you can use either of the receivers as a standalone Bluetooth receiver. Also, there would be no latency between the Right and Left receivers. @Evan : Because Vertus doesn't have an amplifier inside, it can not be connected directly to a speaker that doesn't have an amplifier built-in. So our project wont make the Vamp obsolete in any way because Vamp has an integrated amplifier for connecting to speakers that are not self-powered. But, instead Vertus can be a great companion to Vamp for being able to use TWO Vamps at the same time. @David : I can assure you that our first run will be as good as the second and third run and the reason behind that is using an already engineered Bluetooth module that has gone through many phases and our extensive quality control process. @Sean : If you are in Canada, for free shipping, please adjust your pledge and choose (Ship to the US). @Kevin, Vertus will split the same Bluetooth audio to your two portable speakers in an all-Right and all-Left form and because the sound comes from two speakers instead of one, it will naturally make the sound louder. Thank you all for your support !! @Matthew @David @maarten @Mark : The CSR's TrueWireless Stereo technology is specifically designed to spread a stereo audio signal across two portable speakers in a form of one channel for each speaker. So, even tough you can use Vertus to form a multi-room system, it is not primarily designed for that purpose. In turn, Vertus is designed to spread the music in one area. @David : Yes, the range between the two units is the same as the range form the audio source to the first unit which is 30 feet. @maeerten : Vertus is meant to be used with portable speakers, which don't have optical input. If anyone gets a refund let me know been way to long I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. This a-hole is still in California, running marathons <url>#979 and I never received the product that I pledged for. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I am backer #373 and I never received the product that I pledged for. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount As I too have not yet received my reward or any communication in over two years, I can only assume that this creator never indented on honouring the agreement. I request a refund under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount as soon as possible. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. This user's account has been deleted. have not received my order or the supplemental cables that I ordered. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I am backer #380 and I never received the product that I pledged for. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Where's my refund Kickstarter? I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>’m requesting a full refund for my pledge at this time. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Every time I see a project I want to back, I come here and remind myself that I am stupid and am not supporting Kickstarter stealing from me anymore. Keep an eye out for these Kickscammers! I see they have suckered a few people with KeyBolt and their last campaign of the TACTYK BLADE, and I'm sure they will try again soon enough. Naire W Mesak Sarkessian and Garlen Khachatourian Armen Khachatourian I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. #BoycottKS I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Please help!! Yup....ready for my refund. I’ve been patient lol. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Stop backing on Kickstarter! They don’t enforce their policies so why post them? Stop paying Kickstarter to ignore you and stop backing!!!! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Please help!! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Refund please I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"When a project is successfully funded, the creator must complete the project and fulfill each reward. Once a creator has done so, they’ve satisfied their obligation to their backers. Throughout the process, creators owe their backers a high standard of effort, honest communication, and a dedication to bringing the project to life. At the same time, backers must understand that when they back a project, they’re helping to create something new — not ordering something that already exists. There may be changes or delays, and there’s a chance something could happen that prevents the creator from being able to finish the project as promised. If a creator is unable to complete their project and fulfill rewards, they’ve failed to live up to the basic obligations of this agreement. To right this, they must make every reasonable effort to find another way of bringing the project to the best possible conclusion for backers. A creator in this position has only remedied the situation and met their obligations to backers if: they post an update that explains what work has been done, how funds were used, and what prevents them from finishing the project as planned; they work diligently and in good faith to bring the project to the best possible conclusion in a timeframe that’s communicated to backers; they’re able to demonstrate that they’ve used funds appropriately and made every reasonable effort to complete the project as promised; they’ve been honest, and have made no material misrepresentations in their communication to backers; and they offer to return any remaining funds to backers who have not received their reward (in proportion to the amounts pledged), or else explain how those funds will be used to complete the project in some alternate form. The creator is solely responsible for fulfilling the promises made in their project. If they’re unable to satisfy the terms of this agreement, they may be subject to legal action by backers." As you are not meeting your obligations or offering reasonable explainations, I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. 我根據Kickstarter的使用條款援引我的權利： https ： //www.kickstarter.com/terms-of-use/oct2012 “項目創建者必須履行其成功籌款活動的所有獎勵或退還任何支持他們的獎勵他們沒有或者無法實現。“ 我要求我的保證金全額退款。 I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I haven't received my product yet. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Backer# 1035 I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Order never received. I hear by invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Backer #16 I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Support (Kickstarter) 16 nov. 11:36 a. m. EST Hi there, I'm sorry to hear you're experiencing frustration with your project. If you are interested in getting a refund for this project, please reach out directly to the creator. While we work with creators to help them find funding for their projects, all money raised goes directly to the creator and is managed by the creator (with only a small fee passing through Kickstarter's hands). To get in contact with a creator, I recommend messaging them through our platform, leaving a comment on their page, or reaching out through their social channels or website (where they might be more readily available for questions). Though I can't assist directly with getting a reimbursement, I am here to help. Hiccups can happen along the way when bringing a creative idea to life, but that shouldn't turn into a bad experience for you as a backer. I hope this matter is resolved soon and am here to help if you have any other questions or concerns. Give me my money back!!! <url>©2017 Google Términos de uso Informar de un error de Maps Mapa Satélite HIDE MAP PREVIOUS LOCATIONS Glendale, CA I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Fuck you Kickstarter. Give me my money back!!! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Worse is that Kickstarter got there's and doesn't care. Last login was April 5 2017. So they do exist and just don't care. Losers. May your children pay for your crimes. Another product that looks the same ! <url>#/ Give me my money back! 2017. Still no refund. This user's account has been deleted. Fucking thieves <url>#/ !! Now.. I have one of these which dose exactly the same think: <url>#663 and would like to have my money back. Kindly send that to my PayPal email account: <email> Thank you! ;-) I saw the full bio of creator and found the last logon at 19 Oct 2016, means the creator had checked the comment I think. I wish all he bad luck and disasters will go into the life of you both,as scammers and lyers you are you surely deserve it...you will pay for your attitude somewere in this life or future one.... SCAMMERS! Report the project is useless Kickstarter doesn't give a damn to that Go to the Campaign section and scroll all the way down to click on the "Report Project to Kickstarter" button. <url>"support" request or a kickstarter expert group? Will this be a next idea, a kickstarter expert or support group? You start a projekt (with the idea to realy get a product out of the projekt) fail and need help - and the is a group you can ask for help. Sometimes its just a small twist in your brain holding you back from succes... What did you think? Or was all this just a ripp-off??? Thanks GOetz Please give me a refund. I am no longer interested in this project. Want my money back or an product ! Look at the Zano case Kickstarter was forced to do something. But an 2Million$ case makes more noise then 58.431$ So 1.079 Backers should open an case at Kickstarter. They should check where the money gone. And if there are only 20,000$ left…I take 33% of my money instead of loosing all. I just clicked the "report this Project" Button Hi John. I still haven't had this. I feel a little mistreated. I gave you money in good faith. I wanted to help and you reward me by ignoring me. I don't expect every pledge to give me a return but I would like to understand what happened and how the project progressed. Statute of limitations on wire fraud is 5yrs - so we have two left to get criminal charges filed on the visionaries... @Evan Schwartz can't Kev help the rest of us? Why did they only refund him? Since this disaster I am loathe to back any more Kickstarters. Pissed off at Kickstarter management for just ignoring this whole fiasco. These guys are a fucking joke. I bet it was their intention the WHOLE TIME to not complete. I'm also pissed at KICKSTARTER for not helping us "backers" get the $ we deserve. They should be on the hook as well. I want my $ Refund! What about starting a new kickstarter campaign :"Complaint Kickstarter Vertus Audio Campaign"???At least won't be a scam like this one and defrauded backers can get some visibility for there compalints taht are totally ignored This user's account has been deleted. You have failed, you have not succeed on this simple texhnology. It s a pour project Reeeeeffffuuuuuuuuuund ! But the lying scamming thieving little weasels logged in again March 7th. Screw you, fellas! Rot in hell Considering that there has been no update since October 2014, and nearly 3 years since this project was funded. Everyone should go ahead and count their investment as a loss. If you need this product, then I suggest you look into something like the iSunnao (or something similar). The sad fact is this project will probably never be completed or any further updates made. Need a refund please FRAUD REFUND Does anyone have an email address we can use to ask for a refund. Never received a thing from this project $69 down the drain..... pissed off *shut Thanks autocorrect haha I talked to kev a while ago on another Kickstarter project comment board. He told me that Vertus gave him a refund to shit him up. Once he received the refund he was no longer considered a backer, which means that Vertus was take off his backed projects history on his account, so he could no longer comment here. I would like a refund, I had been too long. Ah, it's been awhile since I check in on the comments. I thought about this project when I added this, less than $3, stereo Bluetooth adapter today from Aliexpress. <url>"Crowdfunding projects that never delivered" "Want your terrible Kickstarter experience told? A brand new Australian documentary is currently looking for stories about the darker side of Crowdfunding and would love to talk to you. The documentary is going to lift the lid on the rights of backers (or lack thereof) and what happens when projects fail. If you have a story please contact Josephine Gleeson via email. <email> " REFUND QUICKLY !!! REFUND QUICKLY !!! Got a letter from the California AG saying they cant pursue a case unless it is for people of California, Not individuals. refund? @David: unfortunately racist generalisations are not going to help us here. To correct your post: Armen and Garlen are very crooked, liars and thieves, and hopefully Karma will shit on them from a great height for the rest of their lives. I think that's what you were trying to say. Armenians are very crooked people.avoid doing business with them we should not stop… I want my money back $89 for nothing. At least he should go in jail for that. still nothing in canada still waiting for my refund Please give me a refund. I am no longer interested in this project. >Vertus Audio Glendale, CA >Last login Nov 11 2015 hahaha...... More then a year since the last update...I don't know how can this be allowed by Kickstarter... Hey guys, Chromecast Audio now does everything your device would have done and more, across as many devices as you want! And only $35 each. Can I have my money back now? 2 years and nothing :( I wish Kickstarter cared more about its backers and dos something about projects like this. You may not have set out to take peoples money and blow it but you did and can't even admit you screwed up and apologize. An idea very good to share... <url>"these scammers" I meant crowdfunding scammers in general, these vertus ones seem to have dodged legal action so far It's good these scammers finely get hunted down. I wrote another support ticket to kickstarter I'm fed up with their attitude and that I don't doubt they are aware about the Asylum Playing Cards project. If they keep acting like this (ie. do nothing) then their reputation will suffer massively. But so far it seems they don't care. I do not believe I'll get a decent response other than the copy paste "you contacted creator, we've notices problems, we'll investigate (not), have a nice day!", but it was good to vent... @Robert: wish I lived in Washington! @Superyoda: don't hold your breath. In my experience KS do absolutely nothing to help (although they are happy to censor myself and others when we point out a few home truths...) I have received nothing, Ontario, Canada This just in as of 9/14/15: <url>#crnt&panel1-1 Click on "INTERNET SERVICES, ONLINE SHOPPING, OR COMPUTERS" Click on "Online Shopping" Fill out the necessary information. I did not include anything about the company contacting me, as I found the kickstarter myself and the blanks on the form didn't really apply to our situation. And that's fine, the form says you can leave them blank. The form is very particular about the web address of the company. I put "www.kickstarter.com" and then added a second company and put "www.vertusaudio.com". Fill out your personal information. Tell your story. I will include what I wrote here, but I encourage you to put it into your own words. I would think that multiple complaints with different wording would show that more people actually care rather than copying and pasting the same response. However, feel free to copy mine, I will leave that up to you. Submit your complaint. "I pledged to receive a blue tooth audio device on Kickstarter. I paid $29 on May 23, 2013 when the project was fully funded. The estimated delivery was August 2013. There were multiple delays and excuses after the money had been collected. This is somewhat expected with a kickstarter campaign, but so is communication. The last update made by the creators of the project was on October 6, 2014. This is unacceptable. If they are still having delays or other problems, I, and many other backers, would like to know about them. Because there has been no communication made, most of us believe that we will never see the product and would like a refund. In addition to this, their website, www.vertusaudio.com is still up and running with the product available for preorder. I don't believe they should be able to collect money for something that seems to not exist. I would like a refund from the creators of the project and I know that many others do as well. The creators should be held responsible just like the creators of the kickstarter project "The Doom that came to Atlantic city." While I understand that the creators of Vertus Audio may have spent the money and I may never see a refund, they should still be held accountable and punished for their actions. The kickstarter page is located here: <url>" @Mark Nogle: any thoughts on what we should do next? But the thieves/liars/scammers keep checking in! Hi boys! This user's account has been deleted. Another thing: at the bottom of the Campaign page there is a "Report this Project to Kickstarter" button. It doesn't do much more than let them know that you think there is a problem, but if we all register it might make a difference. Just seen this. <url>"Hi Helge, Thanks for updating me about this situation, and I’m sorry to hear that this has not been a better experience for you and other backers of the Vertus project. I do see that we've reached out to this creator in the past to remind them of their obligations, as well as our expectations regarding communication. I'm sorry they haven't yet responded to you and other members of their backer community. If you feel as though this creator has not made a good faith effort to complete their project as promised, we’d appreciate if you could share some feedback about your experience using our Project Feedback Form. We'll be sure to take your experience into consideration as we evaluate the policies and procedures that we have in place. Thanks again for your cooperation and for being an active member of the Kickstarter community. Best, Maren" I am not sure, what difference it will make to use the suggested contact form, as the Kickstarter team is fully aware of the situation. I think the local American backers have to form a team and sue the creators of this campaign mercilessly and the rest of us should pay to fund this legal action. I am willing to contribute in order to teach them a lesson. Is it time to start spamming their facebook pages <url>"high-ticket" projects ... which is a shame because 90% of the projects I've backed have been absolutely amazing. Do any of you guys have suggestions what backers outside of the USA can do to at least try and make these scammers accountable? I'm really considering sending a debt collector after these guys, but I'm not sure what would be the best option? So please if anyone has any suggestions about what non-USA based backers can do to get back at these guys (legally) please post it up! I disagree that the LIST does nothing. It has allowed these 130+ people to voice their opinion together and be seen as a final plea. If you don't like seeing this LIST then do something about it. When you actually go back to the beginning of the LIST and before it...you will realize the comments were just blank shout-outs like random static. Please don't make this comment page become like that again. The LIST has silenced us all together in unison. If you want to stand out and do more than the LIST then go for it, but until then, I *will* repeat this LIST daily to silence those who want to silence the LIST. (You have been warned, do not expect another.) You better watch your back. Interesting, Armen Khachatourian seems to be driving a 2013 Dodge Challenger, which would have been new and totally affordable with the amount raised from all of us. Report them to the Federal Trade Commission at <url>#crnt They recently went after another kickstarter scammer. Oh, if you are still looking for a non-Vaporware Vertus alternative, I would check this out: Amazon - Keedox Mini Wireless Bluetooth 4.0 Audio Music Streaming Receiver Adapter. Oh, if you are still looking for a non-Vaporware Vertus alternative, I would check this out: Amazon - Keedox Mini Wireless Bluetooth 4.0 Audio Music Streaming Receiver Adapter. So I left another email to Kickstarter to discuss their terms of privacy and they could care less. I get their stock response, and I have posted it below: Kickstarter's Terms of Use outline the responsibilities of backers and creators. This information can serve as a basis for legal recourse if a creator doesn't fulfill their promises. We hope that backers will consider that option only in cases where they believe that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. If you believe legal action is appropriate here, please talk to an attorney about how to proceed. Given the lack of updates, our only recourse is to push for a class action lawsuit against them. I have asked for a refund again, but none has been given. At this point, it would be easier for people to file a small claims with the CA Dept of Consumer Affairs: <url>"its something" or that there are no other better ideas currently is a lame excuse. Just because there isn't a better option, doesn't meant that the current thing should be done. @Mark - I appreciate your views. But I don't see you doing anything but complaining about the list. If you have a plan to get our money back - let's hear it. Time and again @Vertus has talked about the support they have from backers. This list shows the creators all of the people fed up with the lack of progress and communication. It doesn't take long to scroll past the list - so stop creating a problem that doesn't exist. Again, if you have a plan - let's see it. Other support the campaign that shows our frustration. Jason, what do you mean by "we want them to have difficulty getting past them." Want a refund as well! Those lists aren't for you, they are for the owners of this project, we want them to have difficulty getting past them. List of people that I want a million dollars from: Please copy and paste if you also want a million dollars. 1. Johnson LEUNG 2. Jason Light 3. Eric Closson 4. Schwai See, sounds pretty dumb and not even remotely legally binding, doesn't it? Stop. Posting. The list. It does NOTHING. I would like to read other comments and see progress on how we could maybe go after these people, but the list makes that difficult. Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. 72. Ben S. 73. S. Bhalla 74. K Watson 75. Cam Lavers 76. Sean Forrey 77. Jaime Chavez 78. Gary Gallardo 79. Ethan Do 80. Wendy Claassen 81. Mal McKay 82. Michael Moritz 83. Richard McCluskey 84. Michael Reiter 85. Xksteven 86. Brandon Zamora 87. Sungwan Ham 88. Raman R 89. Ben1680 90. Michel Humphreys 91. Rik van der Laan 92. Chris Thomas 93. Joshua Pardo 94. Kevin L 95. Chad Teixeira 96. Wesley Ven Den Plas 97. David Martin 98. Jaeyang Kwak 99. Tom Carr 100. Kevin Giglio 101. Nilz 102. Simon Chen Dybvik 103. MayoikondaInu -迷い込んだ犬- 104. Roger W 105. Antony Lin 105. David Coggan 106. Suhail rashid 107. Edgar Martin del campo 108. Edmund L 109. Sandip Badwal 110. Omar Stradella 111. Rusty b 112. Matthew Grant 113. Chris Chudley 114. Oliver Nicholson 115. Helge Thelen 116. Daron C 117. Minh Dang 118. Dairui Ke 119. Jose A. Cortes 120. Superyoda 121. Cameron Freeman 122. Oliver Drehmann 123. Peter Andrees 124. Caroline Furnivall 125. John Aylott 126. B Teo 127. Kristofor Brasier 128. Steffen Spreng 129. Cory Shubert 130. Johnson LEUNG 131. Jason Light 132. Eric Closson 133. Schwai <url>ái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. 72. Ben S. 73. S. Bhalla 74. K Watson 75. Cam Lavers 76. Sean Forrey 77. Jaime Chavez 78. Gary Gallardo 79. Ethan Do 80. Wendy Claassen 81. Mal McKay 82. Michael Moritz 83. Richard McCluskey 84. Michael Reiter 85. Xksteven 86. Brandon Zamora 87. Sungwan Ham 88. Raman R 89. Ben1680 90. Michel Humphreys 91. Rik van der Laan 92. Chris Thomas 93. Joshua Pardo 94. Kevin L 95. Chad Teixeira 96. Wesley Ven Den Plas 97. David Martin 98. Jaeyang Kwak 99. Tom Carr 100. Kevin Giglio 101. Nilz 102. Simon Chen Dybvik 103. MayoikondaInu -迷い込んだ犬- 104. Roger W 105. Antony Lin 105. David Coggan 106. Suhail rashid 107. Edgar Martin del campo 108. Edmund L 109. Sandip Badwal 110. Omar Stradella 111. Rusty b 112. Matthew Grant 113. Chris Chudley 114. Oliver Nicholson 115. Helge Thelen 116. Daron C 117. Minh Dang 118. Dairui Ke 119. Jose A. Cortes 120. Superyoda 121. Cameron Freeman 122. Oliver Drehmann 123. Peter Andrees 124. Caroline Furnivall 125. John Aylott 126. B Teo 127. Kristofor Brasier 128. Steffen Spreng 129. Cory Shubert 130. Johnson LEUNG 131. Jason Light 132. Eric Closson File a complaint here. The more the merrier <url>ái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. 72. Ben S. 73. S. Bhalla 74. K Watson 75. Cam Lavers 76. Sean Forrey 77. Jaime Chavez 78. Gary Gallardo 79. Ethan Do 80. Wendy Claassen 81. Mal McKay 82. Michael Moritz 83. Richard McCluskey 84. Michael Reiter 85. Xksteven 86. Brandon Zamora 87. Sungwan Ham 88. Raman R 89. Ben1680 90. Michel Humphreys 91. Rik van der Laan 92. Chris Thomas 93. Joshua Pardo 94. Kevin L 95. Chad Teixeira 96. Wesley Ven Den Plas 97. David Martin 98. Jaeyang Kwak 99. Tom Carr 100. Kevin Giglio 101. Nilz 102. Simon Chen Dybvik 103. MayoikondaInu -迷い込んだ犬- 104. Roger W 105. Antony Lin 105. David Coggan 106. Suhail rashid 107. Edgar Martin del campo 108. Edmund L 109. Sandip Badwal 110. Omar Stradella 111. Rusty b 112. Matthew Grant 113. Chris Chudley 114. Oliver Nicholson 115. Helge Thelen 116. Daron C 117. Minh Dang 118. Dairui Ke 119. Jose A. Cortes 120. Superyoda 121. Cameron Freeman 122. Oliver Drehmann 123. Peter Andrees 124. Caroline Furnivall 125. John Aylott 126. B Teo 127. Kristofor Brasier 128. Steffen Spreng 129. Cory Shubert 130. Johnson LEUNG 131. Jason Light Where is the communication with backers ? We would like to announce that a private angel investor has just agreed to invest in Vertus. We finalized the deal tonight and are very excited about this. This means we are going to have access to the extra capital we needed, and with our partner electronic consulting firm by our side, we will quickly have the latest prototype built and tested here in the USA and move forward to production without the need to outsource, which was to manage our budget, but instead, it caused delays with no real outcome. We will keep you updated on how this would affect Vertus' future very soon. Armen & Garlen VertusAudio <url>ái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. 72. Ben S. 73. S. Bhalla 74. K Watson 75. Cam Lavers 76. Sean Forrey 77. Jaime Chavez 78. Gary Gallardo 79. Ethan Do 80. Wendy Claassen 81. Mal McKay 82. Michael Moritz 83. Richard McCluskey 84. Michael Reiter 85. Xksteven 86. Brandon Zamora 87. Sungwan Ham 88. Raman R 89. Ben1680 90. Michel Humphreys 91. Rik van der Laan 92. Chris Thomas 93. Joshua Pardo 94. Kevin L 95. Chad Teixeira 96. Wesley Ven Den Plas 97. David Martin 98. Jaeyang Kwak 99. Tom Carr 100. Kevin Giglio 101. Nilz 102. Simon Chen Dybvik 103. MayoikondaInu -迷い込んだ犬- 104. Roger W 105. Antony Lin 105. David Coggan 106. Suhail rashid 107. Edgar Martin del campo 108. Edmund L 109. Sandip Badwal 110. Omar Stradella 111. Rusty b 112. Matthew Grant 113. Chris Chudley 114. Oliver Nicholson 115. Helge Thelen 116. Daron C 117. Minh Dang 118. Dairui Ke 119. Jose A. Cortes 120. Superyoda 121. Cameron Freeman 122. Oliver Drehmann 123. Peter Andrees 124. Caroline Furnivall 125. John Aylott 126. B Teo 127. Kristofor Brasier 128. Steffen Spreng 129. Cory Shubert 130. Johnson LEUNG IT'S BEEN 2ּ+ YEARS SINCE YOU STARTED THIS PROJECT, AND NOTHING IS HAPPENNING!!! YOU'RE JUST A BUNCH OF SCAMMERS, WO TOOK THE MONEY AND RUN!!! WER IS OUR MONEY???? WHAT HAVE YOU DONE WITH IT???? WHY DON'T YOU REFUND US?????? STOP SPREADING LIES AND START TELLING THE TRUTH ALREADY So what is going on with these chaps. So did these guys just give up? Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. 72. Ben S. 73. S. Bhalla 74. K Watson 75. Cam Lavers 76. Sean Forrey 77. Jaime Chavez 78. Gary Gallardo 79. Ethan Do 80. Wendy Claassen 81. Mal McKay 82. Michael Moritz 83. Richard McCluskey 84. Michael Reiter 85. Xksteven 86. Brandon Zamora 87. Sungwan Ham 88. Raman R 89. Ben1680 90. Michel Humphreys 91. Rik van der Laan 92. Chris Thomas 93. Joshua Pardo 94. Kevin L 95. Chad Teixeira 96. Wesley Ven Den Plas 97. David Martin 98. Jaeyang Kwak 99. Tom Carr 100. Kevin Giglio 101. Nilz 102. Simon Chen Dybvik 103. MayoikondaInu -迷い込んだ犬- 104. Roger W 105. Antony Lin 105. David Coggan 106. Suhail rashid 107. Edgar Martin del campo 108. Edmund L 109. Sandip Badwal 110. Omar Stradella 111. Rusty b 112. Matthew Grant 113. Chris Chudley 114. Oliver Nicholson 115. Helge Thelen 116. Daron C 117. Minh Dang 118. Dairui Ke 119. Jose A. Cortes 120. Superyoda 121. Cameron Freeman 122. Oliver Drehmann 123. Peter Andrees 124. Caroline Furnivall 125. John Aylott 126. B Teo 127. Kristofor Brasier 128. Steffen Spreng 129. Cory Shubert Please, could we stop with the list? All it does is make the comment section very difficult to read. If you want something to be done, talk it out here. The list means nothing. NOTHING. I don't know what you guys think it is doing. Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. 72. Ben S. 73. S. Bhalla 74. K Watson 75. Cam Lavers 76. Sean Forrey 77. Jaime Chavez 78. Gary Gallardo 79. Ethan Do 80. Wendy Claassen 81. Mal McKay 82. Michael Moritz 83. Richard McCluskey 84. Michael Reiter 85. Xksteven 86. Brandon Zamora 87. Sungwan Ham 88. Raman R 89. Ben1680 90. Michel Humphreys 91. Rik van der Laan 92. Chris Thomas 93. Joshua Pardo 94. Kevin L 95. Chad Teixeira 96. Wesley Ven Den Plas 97. David Martin 98. Jaeyang Kwak 99. Tom Carr 100. Kevin Giglio 101. Nilz 102. Simon Chen Dybvik 103. MayoikondaInu -迷い込んだ犬- 104. Roger W 105. Antony Lin 105. David Coggan 106. Suhail rashid 107. Edgar Martin del campo 108. Edmund L 109. Sandip Badwal 110. Omar Stradella 111. Rusty b 112. Matthew Grant 113. Chris Chudley 114. Oliver Nicholson 115. Helge Thelen 116. Daron C 117. Minh Dang 118. Dairui Ke 119. Jose A. Cortes 120. Superyoda 121. Cameron Freeman 122. Oliver Drehmann 123. Peter Andrees 124. Caroline Furnivall 125. John Aylott 126. B Teo 127. Kristofor Brasier 128. Steffen Spreng Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. 72. Ben S. 73. S. Bhalla 74. K Watson 75. Cam Lavers 76. Sean Forrey 77. Jaime Chavez 78. Gary Gallardo 79. Ethan Do 80. Wendy Claassen 81. Mal McKay 82. Michael Moritz 83. Richard McCluskey 84. Michael Reiter 85. Xksteven 86. Brandon Zamora 87. Sungwan Ham 88. Raman R 89. Ben1680 90. Michel Humphreys 91. Rik van der Laan 92. Chris Thomas 93. Joshua Pardo 94. Kevin L 95. Chad Teixeira 96. Wesley Ven Den Plas 97. David Martin 98. Jaeyang Kwak 99. Tom Carr 100. Kevin Giglio 101. Nilz 102. Simon Chen Dybvik 103. MayoikondaInu -迷い込んだ犬- 104. Roger W 105. Antony Lin 105. David Coggan 106. Suhail rashid 107. Edgar Martin del campo 108. Edmund L 109. Sandip Badwal 110. Omar Stradella 111. Rusty b 112. Matthew Grant 113. Chris Chudley 114. Oliver Nicholson 115. Helge Thelen 116. Daron C 117. Minh Dang 118. Dairui Ke 119. Jose A. Cortes 120. Superyoda 121. Cameron Freeman 122. Oliver Drehmann 123. Peter Andrees 124. Caroline Furnivall 125. John Aylott 126. B Teo 127. Kristofor Brasier Does anyone know the legal status of this in the U.S.? I'm actually thinking of hiring a debt collector to track these guys and get my money back. Will cost more but it's the principle of the matter. Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. 72. Ben S. 73. S. Bhalla 74. K Watson 75. Cam Lavers 76. Sean Forrey 77. Jaime Chavez 78. Gary Gallardo 79. Ethan Do 80. Wendy Claassen 81. Mal McKay 82. Michael Moritz 83. Richard McCluskey 84. Michael Reiter 85. Xksteven 86. Brandon Zamora 87. Sungwan Ham 88. Raman R 89. Ben1680 90. Michel Humphreys 91. Rik van der Laan 92. Chris Thomas 93. Joshua Pardo 94. Kevin L 95. Chad Teixeira 96. Wesley Ven Den Plas 97. David Martin 98. Jaeyang Kwak 99. Tom Carr 100. Kevin Giglio 101. Nilz 102. Simon Chen Dybvik 103. MayoikondaInu -迷い込んだ犬- 104. Roger W 105. Antony Lin 105. David Coggan 106. Suhail rashid 107. Edgar Martin del campo 108. Edmund L 109. Sandip Badwal 110. Omar Stradella 111. Rusty b 112. Matthew Grant 113. Chris Chudley 114. Oliver Nicholson 115. Helge Thelen 116. Daron C 117. Minh Dang 118. Dairui Ke 119. Jose A. Cortes 120. Superyoda 121. Cameron Freeman 122. Oliver Drehmann 123. Peter Andrees 124. Caroline Furnivall 125. John Aylott 126. B Teo Ok It's been almost 2 years and I actually launched a Kickstarter myself last September and just shipped out 100 backer rewards last week so there is no excuse for more delays. I talked to my software expert friend and he said what you guys are doing isn't even possible and we were all fooled! Now I would like to join the list of people who would like their money back. This is the first Kickstarter that I actually found to be truly a scam. I have waited for 1.5 years patiently for other Kickstarter projects that had delays, but the rewards were eventually delivered. I am very certain that you guys won't deliver anything. Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. 72. Ben S. 73. S. Bhalla 74. K Watson 75. Cam Lavers 76. Sean Forrey 77. Jaime Chavez 78. Gary Gallardo 79. Ethan Do 80. Wendy Claassen 81. Mal McKay 82. Michael Moritz 83. Richard McCluskey 84. Michael Reiter 85. Xksteven 86. Brandon Zamora 87. Sungwan Ham 88. Raman R 89. Ben1680 90. Michel Humphreys 91. Rik van der Laan 92. Chris Thomas 93. Joshua Pardo 94. Kevin L 95. Chad Teixeira 96. Wesley Ven Den Plas 97. David Martin 98. Jaeyang Kwak 99. Tom Carr 100. Kevin Giglio 101. Nilz 102. Simon Chen Dybvik 103. MayoikondaInu -迷い込んだ犬- 104. Roger W 105. Antony Lin 105. David Coggan 106. Suhail rashid 107. Edgar Martin del campo 108. Edmund L 109. Sandip Badwal 110. Omar Stradella 111. Rusty b 112. Matthew Grant 113. Chris Chudley 114. Oliver Nicholson 115. Helge Thelen 116. Daron C 117. Minh Dang 118. Dairui Ke 119. Jose A. Cortes 120. Superyoda 121. Cameron Freeman 122. Oliver Drehmann 123. Peter Andrees 124. Caroline Furnivall 125. John Aylott @VertusAudio - thank you for checking in again (May 27) - and still not updating your backers, or issuing refunds. I found the following in Kickstarter faqs; it doesn't look like Armen & Garlen have read this: What should creators do if they're having problems completing their project? If problems come up, creators are expected to post a project update explaining the situation. Sharing the story, speed bumps and all, is crucial. Most backers support projects because they want to see something happen and they'd like to be a part of it. Creators who are honest and transparent will usually find backers to be understanding. It's not uncommon for things to take longer than expected. Sometimes the execution of the project proves more difficult than the creator had anticipated. If a creator is making a good faith effort to complete their project and is transparent about it, backers should do their best to be patient and understanding while demanding continued accountability from the creator. If the problems are severe enough that the creator can't fulfill their project, creators need to find a resolution. Steps should include offering refunds, detailing exactly how funds were used, and other actions to satisfy backers. For more information, see Section 4 of our Terms of Use. Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. 72. Ben S. 73. S. Bhalla 74. K Watson 75. Cam Lavers 76. Sean Forrey 77. Jaime Chavez 78. Gary Gallardo 79. Ethan Do 80. Wendy Claassen 81. Mal McKay 82. Michael Moritz 83. Richard McCluskey 84. Michael Reiter 85. Xksteven 86. Brandon Zamora 87. Sungwan Ham 88. Raman R 89. Ben1680 90. Michel Humphreys 91. Rik van der Laan 92. Chris Thomas 93. Joshua Pardo 94. Kevin L 95. Chad Teixeira 96. Wesley Ven Den Plas 97. David Martin 98. Jaeyang Kwak 99. Tom Carr 100. Kevin Giglio 101. Nilz 102. Simon Chen Dybvik 103. MayoikondaInu -迷い込んだ犬- 104. Roger W 105. Antony Lin 105. David Coggan 106. Suhail rashid 107. Edgar Martin del campo 108. Edmund L 109. Sandip Badwal 110. Omar Stradella 111. Rusty b 112. Matthew Grant 113. Chris Chudley 114. Oliver Nicholson 115. Helge Thelen 116. Daron C 117. Minh Dang 118. Dairui Ke 119. Jose A. Cortes 120. Superyoda 121. Cameron Freeman 122. Oliver Drehmann 123. Peter Andrees 124. Caroline Furnivall ANy hope on an update any time soon... or dare i say a refund ?? Another log in today from A&G... Still no update! Another laugh perhaps? Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. 72. Ben S. 73. S. Bhalla 74. K Watson 75. Cam Lavers 76. Sean Forrey 77. Jaime Chavez 78. Gary Gallardo 79. Ethan Do 80. Wendy Claassen 81. Mal McKay 82. Michael Moritz 83. Richard McCluskey 84. Michael Reiter 85. Xksteven 86. Brandon Zamora 87. Sungwan Ham 88. Raman R 89. Ben1680 90. Michel Humphreys 91. Rik van der Laan 92. Chris Thomas 93. Joshua Pardo 94. Kevin L 95. Chad Teixeira 96. Wesley Ven Den Plas 97. David Martin 98. Jaeyang Kwak 99. Tom Carr 100. Kevin Giglio 101. Nilz 102. Simon Chen Dybvik 103. MayoikondaInu -迷い込んだ犬- 104. Roger W 105. Antony Lin 105. David Coggan 106. Suhail rashid 107. Edgar Martin del campo 108. Edmund L 109. Sandip Badwal 110. Omar Stradella 111. Rusty b 112. Matthew Grant 113. Chris Chudley 114. Oliver Nicholson 115. Helge Thelen 116. Daron C 117. Minh Dang 118. Dairui Ke 119. Jose A. Cortes 120. Superyoda 121. Cameron Freeman 122. Oliver Drehmann 123. Peter Andrees Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. 72. Ben S. 73. S. Bhalla 74. K Watson 75. Cam Lavers 76. Sean Forrey 77. Jaime Chavez 78. Gary Gallardo 79. Ethan Do 80. Wendy Claassen 81. Mal McKay 82. Michael Moritz 83. Richard McCluskey 84. Michael Reiter 85. Xksteven 86. Brandon Zamora 87. Sungwan Ham 88. Raman R 89. Ben1680 90. Michel Humphreys 91. Rik van der Laan 92. Chris Thomas 93. Joshua Pardo 94. Kevin L 95. Chad Teixeira 96. Wesley Ven Den Plas 97. David Martin 98. Jaeyang Kwak 99. Tom Carr 100. Kevin Giglio 101. Nilz 102. Simon Chen Dybvik 103. MayoikondaInu -迷い込んだ犬- 104. Roger W 105. Antony Lin 105. David Coggan 106. Suhail rashid 107. Edgar Martin del campo 108. Edmund L 109. Sandip Badwal 110. Omar Stradella 111. Rusty b 112. Matthew Grant 113. Chris Chudley 114. Oliver Nicholson 115. Helge Thelen 116. Daron C 117. Minh Dang 118. Dairui Ke 119. Jose A. Cortes 120. Superyoda 121. Cameron Freeman 122. Oliver Drehmann @ScottH Just as dismal..... just as sad..... We are at 11.3% We are not even at the 10% mark of the list of names - I wonder what all the other backers are thinking - doing..giving up is what these guys want... I am on track for my case at the bank - just taking forever. Sad day.....2 years...unreal... Two years... Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. 72. Ben S. 73. S. Bhalla 74. K Watson 75. Cam Lavers 76. Sean Forrey 77. Jaime Chavez 78. Gary Gallardo 79. Ethan Do 80. Wendy Claassen 81. Mal McKay 82. Michael Moritz 83. Richard McCluskey 84. Michael Reiter 85. Xksteven 86. Brandon Zamora 87. Sungwan Ham 88. Raman R 89. Ben1680 90. Michel Humphreys 91. Rik van der Laan 92. Chris Thomas 93. Joshua Pardo 94. Kevin L 95. Chad Teixeira 96. Wesley Ven Den Plas 97. David Martin 98. Jaeyang Kwak 99. Tom Carr 100. Kevin Giglio 101. Nilz 102. Simon Chen Dybvik 103. MayoikondaInu -迷い込んだ犬- 104. Roger W 105. Antony Lin 105. David Coggan 106. Suhail rashid 107. Edgar Martin del campo 108. Edmund L 109. Sandip Badwal 110. Omar Stradella 111. Rusty b 112. Matthew Grant 113. Chris Chudley 114. Oliver Nicholson 115. Helge Thelen 116. Daron C 117. Minh Dang 118. Dairui Ke 119. Jose A. Cortes 120. Superyoda 121. Cameron Freeman 122. Ryan Purcell Can anyone who have a friend as a solicitor in USA? If yes, could you ask him/her for the possibility of refund under our situation? ��� Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. 72. Ben S. 73. S. Bhalla 74. K Watson 75. Cam Lavers 76. Sean Forrey 77. Jaime Chavez 78. Gary Gallardo 79. Ethan Do 80. Wendy Claassen 81. Mal McKay 82. Michael Moritz 83. Richard McCluskey 84. Michael Reiter 85. Xksteven 86. Brandon Zamora 87. Sungwan Ham 88. Raman R 89. Ben1680 90. Michel Humphreys 91. Rik van der Laan 92. Chris Thomas 93. Joshua Pardo 94. Kevin L 95. Chad Teixeira 96. Wesley Ven Den Plas 97. David Martin 98. Jaeyang Kwak 99. Tom Carr 100. Kevin Giglio 101. Nilz 102. Simon Chen Dybvik 103. MayoikondaInu -迷い込んだ犬- 104. Roger W 105. Antony Lin 105. David Coggan 106. Suhail rashid 107. Edgar Martin del campo 108. Edmund L 109. Sandip Badwal 110. Omar Stradella 111. Rusty b 112. Matthew Grant 113. Chris Chudley 114. Oliver Nicholson 115. Helge Thelen 116. Daron C 117. Minh Dang 118. Dairui Ke 119. Jose A. Cortes 120. Superyoda 121. Cameron Freeman Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. 72. Ben S. 73. S. Bhalla 74. K Watson 75. Cam Lavers 76. Sean Forrey 77. Jaime Chavez 78. Gary Gallardo 79. Ethan Do 80. Wendy Claassen 81. Mal McKay 82. Michael Moritz 83. Richard McCluskey 84. Michael Reiter 85. Xksteven 86. Brandon Zamora 87. Sungwan Ham 88. Raman R 89. Ben1680 90. Michel Humphreys 91. Rik van der Laan 92. Chris Thomas 93. Joshua Pardo 94. Kevin L 95. Chad Teixeira 96. Wesley Ven Den Plas 97. David Martin 98. Jaeyang Kwak 99. Tom Carr 100. Kevin Giglio 101. Nilz 102. Simon Chen Dybvik 103. MayoikondaInu -迷い込んだ犬- 104. Roger W 105. Antony Lin 105. David Coggan 106. Suhail rashid 107. Edgar Martin del campo 108. Edmund L 109. Sandip Badwal 110. Omar Stradella 111. Rusty b 112. Matthew Grant 113. Chris Chudley 114. Oliver Nicholson 115. Helge Thelen 116. Daron C 117. Minh Dang 118. Dairui Ke 119. Jose A. Cortes 120. Superyoda Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. 72. Ben S. 73. S. Bhalla 74. K Watson 75. Cam Lavers 76. Sean Forrey 77. Jaime Chavez 78. Gary Gallardo 79. Ethan Do 80. Wendy Claassen 81. Mal McKay 82. Michael Moritz 83. Richard McCluskey 84. Michael Reiter 85. Xksteven 86. Brandon Zamora 87. Sungwan Ham 88. Raman R 89. Ben1680 90. Michel Humphreys 91. Rik van der Laan 92. Chris Thomas 93. Joshua Pardo 94. Kevin L 95. Chad Teixeira 96. Wesley Ven Den Plas 97. David Martin 98. Jaeyang Kwak 99. Tom Carr 100. Kevin Giglio 101. Nilz 102. Simon Chen Dybvik 103. MayoikondaInu -迷い込んだ犬- 104. Roger W 105. Antony Lin 105. David Coggan 106. Suhail rashid 107. Edgar Martin del campo 108. Edmund L 109. Sandip Badwal 110. Omar Stradella 111. Rusty b 112. Matthew Grant 113. Chris Chudley 114. Oliver Nicholson 115. Helge Thelen 116. Daron C 117. Minh Dang 118. Dairui Ke 119. Jose A. Cortes This user's account has been deleted. Updates. Really wouldn't it be the decent thing to do to be honest now. A refund would be nice, but the truth shouldn't be impossible to provide. Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. 72. Ben S. 73. S. Bhalla 74. K Watson 75. Cam Lavers 76. Sean Forrey 77. Jaime Chavez 78. Gary Gallardo 79. Ethan Do 80. Wendy Claassen 81. Mal McKay 82. Michael Moritz 83. Richard McCluskey 84. Michael Reiter 85. Xksteven 86. Brandon Zamora 87. Sungwan Ham 88. Raman R 89. Ben1680 90. Michel Humphreys 91. Rik van der Laan 92. Chris Thomas 93. Joshua Pardo 94. Kevin L 95. Chad Teixeira 96. Wesley Ven Den Plas 97. David Martin 98. Jaeyang Kwak 99. Tom Carr 100. Kevin Giglio 101. Nilz 102. Simon Chen Dybvik 103. MayoikondaInu -迷い込んだ犬- 104. Roger W 105. Antony Lin 105. David Coggan 106. Suhail rashid 107. Edgar Martin del campo 108. Edmund L 109. Sandip Badwal 110. Omar Stradella 111. Rusty b 112. Matthew Grant 113. Chris Chudley 114. Oliver Nicholson 115. Helge Thelen 116. Daron C 117. Minh Dang 118. Dairui Ke Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. 72. Ben S. 73. S. Bhalla 74. K Watson 75. Cam Lavers 76. Sean Forrey 77. Jaime Chavez 78. Gary Gallardo 79. Ethan Do 80. Wendy Claassen 81. Mal McKay 82. Michael Moritz 83. Richard McCluskey 84. Michael Reiter 85. Xksteven 86. Brandon Zamora 87. Sungwan Ham 88. Raman R 89. Ben1680 90. Michel Humphreys 91. Rik van der Laan 92. Chris Thomas 93. Joshua Pardo 94. Kevin L 95. Chad Teixeira 96. Wesley Ven Den Plas 97. David Martin 98. Jaeyang Kwak 99. Tom Carr 100. Kevin Giglio 101. Nilz 102. Simon Chen Dybvik 103. MayoikondaInu -迷い込んだ犬- 104. Roger W 105. Antony Lin 105. David Coggan 106. Suhail rashid 107. Edgar Martin del campo 108. Edmund L 109. Sandip Badwal 110. Omar Stradella 111. Rusty b 112. Matthew Grant 113. Chris Chudley 114. Oliver Nicholson 115. Helge Thelen 116. Daron C 117. Minh Dang I wish all of this money will be used to fund their healthcare. Saturday marks 2 years with zero progress shown, wish I could work that little and make 60k Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. 72. Ben S. 73. S. Bhalla 74. K Watson 75. Cam Lavers 76. Sean Forrey 77. Jaime Chavez 78. Gary Gallardo 79. Ethan Do 80. Wendy Claassen 81. Mal McKay 82. Michael Moritz 83. Richard McCluskey 84. Michael Reiter 85. Xksteven 86. Brandon Zamora 87. Sungwan Ham 88. Raman R 89. Ben1680 90. Michel Humphreys 91. Rik van der Laan 92. Chris Thomas 93. Joshua Pardo 94. Kevin L 95. Chad Teixeira 96. Wesley Ven Den Plas 97. David Martin 98. Jaeyang Kwak 99. Tom Carr 100. Kevin Giglio 101. Nilz 102. Simon Chen Dybvik 103. MayoikondaInu -迷い込んだ犬- 104. Roger W 105. Antony Lin 105. David Coggan 106. Suhail rashid 107. Edgar Martin del campo 108. Edmund L 109. Sandip Badwal 110. Omar Stradella 111. Rusty b 112. Matthew Grant 113. Chris Chudley 114. Oliver Nicholson 115. Helge Thelen 116. Daron C Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. 72. Ben S. 73. S. Bhalla 74. K Watson 75. Cam Lavers 76. Sean Forrey 77. Jaime Chavez 78. Gary Gallardo 79. Ethan Do 80. Wendy Claassen 81. Mal McKay 82. Michael Moritz 83. Richard McCluskey 84. Michael Reiter 85. Xksteven 86. Brandon Zamora 87. Sungwan Ham 88. Raman R 89. Ben1680 90. Michel Humphreys 91. Rik van der Laan 92. Chris Thomas 93. Joshua Pardo 94. Kevin L 95. Chad Teixeira 96. Wesley Ven Den Plas 97. David Martin 98. Jaeyang Kwak 99. Tom Carr 100. Kevin Giglio 101. Nilz 102. Simon Chen Dybvik 103. MayoikondaInu -迷い込んだ犬- 104. Roger W 105. Antony Lin 105. David Coggan 106. Suhail rashid 107. Edgar Martin del campo 108. Edmund L 109. Sandip Badwal 110. Omar Stradella 111. Rusty b 112. Matthew Grant 113. Chris Chudley 114. Oliver Nicholson 115. Helge Thelen Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. 72. Ben S. 73. S. Bhalla 74. K Watson 75. Cam Lavers 76. Sean Forrey 77. Jaime Chavez 78. Gary Gallardo 79. Ethan Do 80. Wendy Claassen 81. Mal McKay 82. Michael Moritz 83. Richard McCluskey 84. Michael Reiter 85. Xksteven 86. Brandon Zamora 87. Sungwan Ham 88. Raman R 89. Ben1680 90. Michel Humphreys 91. Rik van der Laan 92. Chris Thomas 93. Joshua Pardo 94. Kevin L 95. Chad Teixeira 96. Wesley Ven Den Plas 97. David Martin 98. Jaeyang Kwak 99. Tom Carr 100. Kevin Giglio 101. Nilz 102. Simon Chen Dybvik 103. MayoikondaInu -迷い込んだ犬- 104. Roger W 105. Antony Lin 105. David Coggan 106. Suhail rashid 107. Edgar Martin del campo 108. Edmund L 109. Sandip Badwal 110. Omar Stradella 111. Rusty b 112. Matthew Grant 113. Chris Chudley 114. Oliver Nicholson Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. 72. Ben S. 73. S. Bhalla 74. K Watson 75. Cam Lavers 76. Sean Forrey 77. Jaime Chavez 78. Gary Gallardo 79. Ethan Do 80. Wendy Claassen 81. Mal McKay 82. Michael Moritz 83. Richard McCluskey 84. Michael Reiter 85. Xksteven 86. Brandon Zamora 87. Sungwan Ham 88. Raman R 89. Ben1680 90. Michel Humphreys 91. Rik van der Laan 92. Chris Thomas 93. Joshua Pardo 94. Kevin L 95. Chad Teixeira 96. Wesley Ven Den Plas 97. David Martin 98. Jaeyang Kwak 99. Tom Carr 100. Kevin Giglio 101. Nilz 102. Simon Chen Dybvik 103. MayoikondaInu -迷い込んだ犬- 104. Roger W 105. Antony Lin 105. David Coggan 106. Suhail rashid 107. Edgar Martin del campo 108. Edmund L 109. Sandip Badwal 110. Omar Stradella 111. Rusty b 112. Matthew Grant 113. Chris Chudley Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. 72. Ben S. 73. S. Bhalla 74. K Watson 75. Cam Lavers 76. Sean Forrey 77. Jaime Chavez 78. Gary Gallardo 79. Ethan Do 80. Wendy Claassen 81. Mal McKay 82. Michael Moritz 83. Richard McCluskey 84. Michael Reiter 85. Xksteven 86. Brandon Zamora 87. Sungwan Ham 88. Raman R 89. Ben1680 90. Michel Humphreys 91. Rik van der Laan 92. Chris Thomas 93. Joshua Pardo 94. Kevin L 95. Chad Teixeira 96. Wesley Ven Den Plas 97. David Martin 98. Jaeyang Kwak 99. Tom Carr 100. Kevin Giglio 101. Nilz 102. Simon Chen Dybvik 103. MayoikondaInu -迷い込んだ犬- 104. Roger W 105. Antony Lin 105. David Coggan 106. Suhail rashid 107. Edgar Martin del campo 108. Edmund L 109. Sandip Badwal 110. Omar Stradella 111. Rusty b 112. Matthew Grant Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. 72. Ben S. 73. S. Bhalla 74. K Watson 75. Cam Lavers 76. Sean Forrey 77. Jaime Chavez 78. Gary Gallardo 79. Ethan Do 80. Wendy Claassen 81. Mal McKay 82. Michael Moritz 83. Richard McCluskey 84. Michael Reiter 85. Xksteven 86. Brandon Zamora 87. Sungwan Ham 88. Raman R 89. Ben1680 90. Michel Humphreys 91. Rik van der Laan 92. Chris Thomas 93. Joshua Pardo 94. Kevin L 95. Chad Teixeira 96. Wesley Ven Den Plas 97. David Martin 98. Jaeyang Kwak 99. Tom Carr 100. Kevin Giglio 101. Nilz 102. Simon Chen Dybvik 103. MayoikondaInu -迷い込んだ犬- 104. Roger W 105. Antony Lin 105. David Coggan 106. Suhail rashid 107. Edgar Martin del campo 108. Edmund L 109. Sandip Badwal 110. Omar Stradella 111. Rusty b Is it safe to assume every backer wants a refund? Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. 72. Ben S. 73. S. Bhalla 74. K Watson 75. Cam Lavers 76. Sean Forrey 77. Jaime Chavez 78. Gary Gallardo 79. Ethan Do 80. Wendy Claassen 81. Mal McKay 82. Michael Moritz 83. Richard McCluskey 84. Michael Reiter 85. Xksteven 86. Brandon Zamora 87. Sungwan Ham 88. Raman R 89. Ben1680 90. Michel Humphreys 91. Rik van der Laan 92. Chris Thomas 93. Joshua Pardo 94. Kevin L 95. Chad Teixeira 96. Wesley Ven Den Plas 97. David Martin 98. Jaeyang Kwak 99. Tom Carr 100. Kevin Giglio 101. Nilz 102. Simon Chen Dybvik 103. MayoikondaInu -迷い込んだ犬- 104. Roger W 105. Antony Lin 105. David Coggan 106. Suhail rashid 107. Edgar Martin del campo 108. Edmund L 109. Sandip Badwal 110. Omar Stradella Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. 72. Ben S. 73. S. Bhalla 74. K Watson 75. Cam Lavers 76. Sean Forrey 77. Jaime Chavez 78. Gary Gallardo 79. Ethan Do 80. Wendy Claassen 81. Mal McKay 82. Michael Moritz 83. Richard McCluskey 84. Michael Reiter 85. Xksteven 86. Brandon Zamora 87. Sungwan Ham 88. Raman R 89. Ben1680 90. Michel Humphreys 91. Rik van der Laan 92. Chris Thomas 93. Joshua Pardo 94. Kevin L 95. Chad Teixeira 96. Wesley Ven Den Plas 97. David Martin 98. Jaeyang Kwak 99. Tom Carr 100. Kevin Giglio 101. Nilz 102. Simon Chen Dybvik 103. MayoikondaInu -迷い込んだ犬- 104. Roger W 105. Antony Lin 105. David Coggan 106. Suhail rashid 107. Edgar Martin del campo 108. Edmund L 109. Sandip Badwal With that post - over 10% of Vertus backers want a refund. Armen and Garlan, thank you for checking in again today (5/11) and still not updating your backers. Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. 72. Ben S. 73. S. Bhalla 74. K Watson 75. Cam Lavers 76. Sean Forrey 77. Jaime Chavez 78. Gary Gallardo 79. Ethan Do 80. Wendy Claassen 81. Mal McKay 82. Michael Moritz 83. Richard McCluskey 84. Michael Reiter 85. Xksteven 86. Brandon Zamora 87. Sungwan Ham 88. Raman R 89. Ben1680 90. Michel Humphreys 91. Rik van der Laan 92. Chris Thomas 93. Joshua Pardo 94. Kevin L 95. Chad Teixeira 96. Wesley Ven Den Plas 97. David Martin 98. Jaeyang Kwak 99. Tom Carr 100. Kevin Giglio 101. Nilz 102. Simon Chen Dybvik 103. MayoikondaInu -迷い込んだ犬- 104. Roger W 105. Antony Lin 105. David Coggan 106. Suhail rashid 107. Edgar Martin del campo 108. Edmund L Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. 72. Ben S. 73. S. Bhalla 74. K Watson 75. Cam Lavers 76. Sean Forrey 77. Jaime Chavez 78. Gary Gallardo 79. Ethan Do 80. Wendy Claassen 81. Mal McKay 82. Michael Moritz 83. Richard McCluskey 84. Michael Reiter 85. Xksteven 86. Brandon Zamora 87. Sungwan Ham 88. Raman R 89. Ben1680 90. Michel Humphreys 91. Rik van der Laan 92. Chris Thomas 93. Joshua Pardo 94. Kevin L 95. Chad Teixeira 96. Wesley Ven Den Plas 97. David Martin 98. Jaeyang Kwak 99. Tom Carr 100. Kevin Giglio 101. Nilz 102. Simon Chen Dybvik 103. MayoikondaInu -迷い込んだ犬- 104. Roger W 105. Antony Lin 105. David Coggan 106. Suhail rashid 107. Edgar Martin del campo I want my money back also! ¬¬ Behave like a man and respond Happy Mothers' Day Armen and Garlen! I hope she is very proud of you both. Hi Armen and Garlen - thank you for checking in today and not updating your backers. We need to hunt them down!!! Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. 72. Ben S. 73. S. Bhalla 74. K Watson 75. Cam Lavers 76. Sean Forrey 77. Jaime Chavez 78. Gary Gallardo 79. Ethan Do 80. Wendy Claassen 81. Mal McKay 82. Michael Moritz 83. Richard McCluskey 84. Michael Reiter 85. Xksteven 86. Brandon Zamora 87. Sungwan Ham 88. Raman R 89. Ben1680 90. Michel Humphreys 91. Rik van der Laan 92. Chris Thomas 93. Joshua Pardo 94. Kevin L 95. Chad Teixeira 96. Wesley Ven Den Plas 97. David Martin 98. Jaeyang Kwak 99. Tom Carr 100. Kevin Giglio 101. Nilz 102. Simon Chen Dybvik 103. MayoikondaInu -迷い込んだ犬- 104. Roger W 105. Antony Lin 105. David Coggan 106. Suhail rashid Goetz, want money back Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. 72. Ben S. 73. S. Bhalla 74. K Watson 75. Cam Lavers 76. Sean Forrey 77. Jaime Chavez 78. Gary Gallardo 79. Ethan Do 80. Wendy Claassen 81. Mal McKay 82. Michael Moritz 83. Richard McCluskey 84. Michael Reiter 85. Xksteven 86. Brandon Zamora 87. Sungwan Ham 88. Raman R 89. Ben1680 90. Michel Humphreys 91. Rik van der Laan 92. Chris Thomas 93. Joshua Pardo 94. Kevin L 95. Chad Teixeira 96. Wesley Ven Den Plas 97. David Martin 98. Jaeyang Kwak 99. Tom Carr 100. Kevin Giglio 101. Nilz 102. Simon Chen Dybvik 103. MayoikondaInu -迷い込んだ犬- 104. Roger W 105. Antony Lin 105. David Coggan Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. 72. Ben S. 73. S. Bhalla 74. K Watson 75. Cam Lavers 76. Sean Forrey 77. Jaime Chavez 78. Gary Gallardo 79. Ethan Do 80. Wendy Claassen 81. Mal McKay 82. Michael Moritz 83. Richard McCluskey 84. Michael Reiter 85. Xksteven 86. Brandon Zamora 87. Sungwan Ham 88. Raman R 89. Ben1680 90. Michel Humphreys 91. Rik van der Laan 92. Chris Thomas 93. Joshua Pardo 94. Kevin L 95. Chad Teixeira 96. Wesley Ven Den Plas 97. David Martin 98. Jaeyang Kwak 99. Tom Carr 100. Kevin Giglio 101. Nilz 102. Simon Chen Dybvik 103. MayoikondaInu -迷い込んだ犬- 104. Roger W 105. Antony Lin Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. 72. Ben S. 73. S. Bhalla 74. K Watson 75. Cam Lavers 76. Sean Forrey 77. Jaime Chavez 78. Gary Gallardo 79. Ethan Do 80. Wendy Claassen 81. Mal McKay 82. Michael Moritz 83. Richard McCluskey 84. Michael Reiter 85. Xksteven 86. Brandon Zamora 87. Sungwan Ham 88. Raman R 89. Ben1680 90. Michel Humphreys 91. Rik van der Laan 92. Chris Thomas 93. Joshua Pardo 94. Kevin L 95. Chad Teixeira 96. Wesley Ven Den Plas 97. David Martin 98. Jaeyang Kwak 99. Tom Carr 100. Kevin Giglio 101. Nilz 102. Simon Chen Dybvik 103. MayoikondaInu -迷い込んだ犬- 104. Roger W Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. 72. Ben S. 73. S. Bhalla 74. K Watson 75. Cam Lavers 76. Sean Forrey 77. Jaime Chavez 78. Gary Gallardo 79. Ethan Do 80. Wendy Claassen 81. Mal McKay 82. Michael Moritz 83. Richard McCluskey 84. Michael Reiter 85. Xksteven 86. Brandon Zamora 87. Sungwan Ham 88. Raman R 89. Ben1680 90. Michel Humphreys 91. Rik van der Laan 92. Chris Thomas 93. Joshua Pardo 94. Kevin L 95. Chad Teixeira 96. Wesley Ven Den Plas 97. David Martin 98. Jaeyang Kwak 99. Tom Carr 100. Kevin Giglio 101. Nilz 102. Simon Chen Dybvik 103. MayoikondaInu -迷い込んだ犬- Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. 72. Ben S. 73. S. Bhalla 74. K Watson 75. Cam Lavers 76. Sean Forrey 77. Jaime Chavez 78. Gary Gallardo 79. Ethan Do 80. Wendy Claassen 81. Mal McKay 82. Michael Moritz 83. Richard McCluskey 84. Michael Reiter 85. Xksteven 86. Brandon Zamora 87. Sungwan Ham 88. Raman R 89. Ben1680 90. Michel Humphreys 91. Rik van der Laan 92. Chris Thomas 93. Joshua Pardo 94. Kevin L 95. Chad Teixeira 96. Wesley Ven Den Plas 97. David Martin 98. Jaeyang Kwak 99. Tom Carr 100. Kevin Giglio 101. Nilz 102. Simon Chen Dybvik @creators logged in again yesterday! Seems like they needed another laugh! Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. 72. Ben S. 73. S. Bhalla 74. K Watson 75. Cam Lavers 76. Sean Forrey 77. Jaime Chavez 78. Gary Gallardo 79. Ethan Do 80. Wendy Claassen 81. Mal McKay 82. Michael Moritz 83. Richard McCluskey 84. Michael Reiter 85. Xksteven 86. Brandon Zamora 87. Sungwan Ham 88. Raman R 89. Ben1680 90. Michel Humphreys 91. Rik van der Laan 92. Chris Thomas 93. Joshua Pardo 94. Kevin L 95. Chad Teixeira 96. Wesley Ven Den Plas 97. David Martin 98. Jaeyang Kwak 99. Tom Carr 100. Kevin Giglio 101. Nilz Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. 72. Ben S. 73. S. Bhalla 74. K Watson 75. Cam Lavers 76. Sean Forrey 77. Jaime Chavez 78. Gary Gallardo 79. Ethan Do 80. Wendy Claassen 81. Mal McKay 82. Michael Moritz 83. Richard McCluskey 84. Michael Reiter 85. Xksteven 86. Brandon Zamora 87. Sungwan Ham 88. Raman R 89. Ben1680 90. Michel Humphreys 91. Rik van der Laan 92. Chris Thomas 93. Joshua Pardo 94. Kevin L 95. Chad Teixeira 96. Wesley Ven Den Plas 97. David Martin 98. Jaeyang Kwak 99. Tom Carr 100. Kevin Giglio Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. 72. Ben S. 73. S. Bhalla 74. K Watson 75. Cam Lavers 76. Sean Forrey 77. Jaime Chavez 78. Gary Gallardo 79. Ethan Do 80. Wendy Claassen 81. Mal McKay 82. Michael Moritz 83. Richard McCluskey 84. Michael Reiter 85. Xksteven 86. Brandon Zamora 87. Sungwan Ham 88. Raman R 89. Ben1680 90. Michel Humphreys 91. Rik van der Laan 92. Chris Thomas 93. Joshua Pardo 94. Kevin L 95. Chad Teixeira 96. Wesley Ven Den Plas 97. David Martin 98. Jaeyang Kwak 99. Tom Carr Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. 72. Ben S. 73. S. Bhalla 74. K Watson 75. Cam Lavers 76. Sean Forrey 77. Jaime Chavez 78. Gary Gallardo 79. Ethan Do 80. Wendy Claassen 81. Mal McKay 82. Michael Moritz 83. Richard McCluskey 84. Michael Reiter 85. Xksteven 86. Brandon Zamora 87. Sungwan Ham 88. Raman R 89. Ben1680 90. Michel Humphreys 91. Rik van der Laan 92. Chris Thomas 93. Joshua Pardo 94. Kevin L 95. Chad Teixeira 96. Wesley Ven Den Plas 97. David Martin 98. Jaeyang Kwak Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. 72. Ben S. 73. S. Bhalla 74. K Watson 75. Cam Lavers 76. Sean Forrey 77. Jaime Chavez 78. Gary Gallardo 79. Ethan Do 80. Wendy Claassen 81. Mal McKay 82. Michael Moritz 83. Richard McCluskey 84. Michael Reiter 85. Xksteven 86. Brandon Zamora 87. Sungwan Ham 88. Raman R 89. Ben1680 90. Michel Humphreys 91. Rik van der Laan 92. Chris Thomas 93. Joshua Pardo 94. Kevin L 95. Chad Teixeira 96. Wesley Ven Den Plas 97. David Martin <url>ái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. 72. Ben S. 73. S. Bhalla 74. K Watson 75. Cam Lavers 76. Sean Forrey 77. Jaime Chavez 78. Gary Gallardo 79. Ethan Do 80. Wendy Claassen 81. Mal McKay 82. Michael Moritz 83. Richard McCluskey 84. Michael Reiter 85. Xksteven 86. Brandon Zamora 87. Sungwan Ham 88. Raman R 89. Ben1680 90. Michel Humphreys 91. Rik van der Laan 92. Chris Thomas 93. Joshua Pardo 94. Kevin L 95. Wesley Van Den Plas My parting gift: if you can't beat 'em, join 'em; Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. 72. Ben S. 73. S. Bhalla 74. K Watson 75. Cam Lavers 76. Sean Forrey 77. Jaime Chavez 78. Gary Gallardo 79. Ethan Do 80. Wendy Claassen 81. Mal McKay 82. Michael Moritz 83. Richard McCluskey 84. Michael Reiter 85. Xksteven 86. Brandon Zamora 87. Sungwan Ham 88. Raman R 89. Ben1680 90. Michel Humphreys 91. Rik van der Laan 92. Chris Thomas 93. Joshua Pardo 94. Kevin L 95. Chad Teixeira My parting gift: if you can't beat 'em, join 'em; Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. 72. Ben S. 73. S. Bhalla 74. K Watson 75. Cam Lavers 76. Sean Forrey 77. Jaime Chavez 78. Gary Gallardo 79. Ethan Do 80. Wendy Claassen 81. Mal McKay 82. Michael Moritz 83. Richard McCluskey 84. Michael Reiter 85. Xksteven 86. Brandon Zamora 87. Sungwan Ham 88. Raman R 89. Ben1680 90. Michel Humphreys 91. Rik van der Laan 92. Chris Thomas 93. Joshua Pardo 94. Kevin L My parting gift: if you can't beat 'em, join 'em; Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. 72. Ben S. 73. S. Bhalla 74. K Watson 75. Cam Lavers 76. Sean Forrey 77. Jaime Chavez 78. Gary Gallardo 79. Ethan Do 80. Wendy Claassen 81. Mal McKay 82. Michael Moritz 83. Richard McCluskey 84. Michael Reiter 85. Xksteven 86. Brandon Zamora 87. Sungwan Ham 88. Raman R 89. Ben1680 90. Michel Humphreys 91. Rik van der Laan 92. Chris Thomas 93. Joshua Pardo My parting gift: if you can't beat 'em, join 'em; Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. 72. Ben S. 73. S. Bhalla 74. K Watson 75. Cam Lavers 76. Sean Forrey 77. Jaime Chavez 78. Gary Gallardo 79. Ethan Do 80. Wendy Claassen 81. Mal McKay 82. Michael Moritz 83. Richard McCluskey 84. Michael Reiter 85. Xksteven 86. Brandon Zamora 87. Sungwan Ham 88. Raman R 89. Ben1680 90. Michel Humphreys 91. Rik van der Laan 92. Chris Thomas Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. 72. Ben S. 73. S. Bhalla 74. K Watson 75. Cam Lavers 76. Sean Forrey 77. Jaime Chavez 78. Gary Gallardo 79. Ethan Do 80. Wendy Claassen 81. Mal McKay 82. Michael Moritz 83. Richard McCluskey 84. Michael Reiter 85. Xksteven 86. Brandon Zamora 87. Sungwan Ham 88. Raman R 89. Ben1680 90. Michel Humphreys 91. Rik van der Laan @Michael: I think I can give you a very accurate psychological profile of these two! Unfortunately, having recently had my right to free speech curtailed by Kickstarter (on this and every other of 75 projects I have backed) for suggesting how the boys might keep themselves amused, and (shock horror) that they are liars and thieves ( obviously not libel because it is true ), I will refrain on the analysis for the moment. A more interesting question is why Kickstarter are so quick to punish the likes of Mr Wilson and myself for venting our frustration (presumably at the protestations of the brothers), but do ABSOLUTELY NOTHING about scams such as this and eg Cryptrade, leaving the KS platform as a support to their crimes. Reporting the project generates a standard crap computer response. There is no further avenue of complaint after that. We all just have to smile and not offend anyone. Caveat Emptor , end of story. I wish there was an effective way of seeking legal recourse against these clowns, and even KS itself. Over it. Over Vertus. Over Kickstarter. Off to find myself a better crowd funding platform. This user's account has been deleted. ben1680 about 4 hours ago Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. 72. Ben S. 73. S. Bhalla 74. K Watson 75. Cam Lavers 76. Sean Forrey 77. Jaime Chavez 78. Gary Gallardo 79. Ethan Do 80. Wendy Claassen 81. Mal McKay 82. Michael Moritz 83. Richard McCluskey 84. Michael Reiter 85. Xksteven 86. Brandon Zamora 87. Sungwan Ham 88. Raman R 89. Ben1680 90. Michel Humphreys Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. 72. Ben S. 73. S. Bhalla 74. K Watson 75. Cam Lavers 76. Sean Forrey 77. Jaime Chavez 78. Gary Gallardo 79. Ethan Do 80. Wendy Claassen 81. Mal McKay 82. Michael Moritz 83. Richard McCluskey 84. Michael Reiter 85. Xksteven 86. Brandon Zamora 87. Sungwan Ham 88. Raman R 89. Ben1680 Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. 72. Ben S. 73. S. Bhalla 74. K Watson 75. Cam Lavers 76. Sean Forrey 77. Jaime Chavez 78. Gary Gallardo 79. Ethan Do 80. Wendy Claassen 81. Mal McKay 82. Michael Moritz 83. Richard McCluskey 84. Michael Reiter 85. Xksteven 86. Brandon Zamora 87. Sungwan Ham 88. Raman R Mark: a little harsh? My point is, this one seems hopeless, following a very similar path to other scams I have Kickstarted (eg Cryptrade). As an expression of interest, the consolidated list might be symbolic, but unlikely to achieve anything (and is increasingly irritating to scroll through). If thomas b can pull off a secret spy mission and fry the khachachoochoo brothers in the international criminal court, good luck to him! Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. 72. Ben S. 73. S. Bhalla 74. K Watson 75. Cam Lavers 76. Sean Forrey 77. Jaime Chavez 78. Gary Gallardo 79. Ethan Do 80. Wendy Claassen 81. Mal McKay 82. Michael Moritz 83. Richard McCluskey 84. Michael Reiter 85. Xksteven 86. Brandon Zamora 87. Sungwan Ham Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. 72. Ben S. 73. S. Bhalla 74. K Watson 75. Cam Lavers 76. Sean Forrey 77. Jaime Chavez 78. Gary Gallardo 79. Ethan Do 80. Wendy Claassen 81. Mal McKay 82. Michael Moritz 83. Richard McCluskey 84. Michael Reiter 85. Xksteven 86. Brandon Zamora Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. 72. Ben S. 73. S. Bhalla 74. K Watson 75. Cam Lavers 76. Sean Forrey 77. Jaime Chavez 78. Gary Gallardo 79. Ethan Do 80. Wendy Claassen 81. Mal McKay 82. Michael Moritz 83. Richard McCluskey 84. Michael Reiter 85. Xksteven Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. 72. Ben S. 73. S. Bhalla 74. K Watson 75. Cam Lavers 76. Sean Forrey 77. Jaime Chavez 78. Gary Gallardo 79. Ethan Do 80. Wendy Claassen 81. Mal McKay 82. Michael Moritz 83. Richard McCluskey 84. Michael Reiter Chris, thank you. Thomas, you are an idiot. chris with great respect i disagree this list is very important and that they are not reporting anymore us also very important as prima facie evidence i cant say any more here Consolidated refund seekers: Give it up! Here are 10 facts to make you feel better: They are not updating. They are not posting anything. They are not making anything. They are not giving you your money back. There is no angel investor. They log in every few days to laugh at you. Vertus does not work. Vertus has not been manufactured. Vertus is a photo of an aluminium box with a circuit board and a plug. Kickstarter does not care about you either. Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. 72. Ben S. 73. S. Bhalla 74. K Watson 75. Cam Lavers 76. Sean Forrey 77. Jaime Chavez 78. Gary Gallardo 79. Ethan Do 80. Wendy Claassen 81. Mal McKay 82. Michael Moritz 83. Richard McCluskey Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. 72. Ben S. 73. S. Bhalla 74. K Watson 75. Cam Lavers 76. Sean Forrey 77. Jaime Chavez 78. Gary Gallardo 79. Ethan Do 80. Wendy Claassen 81. Mal McKay 82. Michael Moritz Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. 72. Ben S. 73. S. Bhalla 74. K Watson 75. Cam Lavers 76. Sean Forrey 77. Jaime Chavez 78. Gary Gallardo 79. Ethan Do 80. Wendy Claassen 81. Mal McKay Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. 72. Ben S. 73. S. Bhalla 74. K Watson 75. Cam Lavers 76. Sean Forrey 77. Jaime Chavez 78. Gary Gallardo 79. Ethan Do 80. Wendy Claassen I'll add my name for a refund 80 WendyC Thank you for logging in again boys. What - you still can't update us? WHERES MY MONEY?????? Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. 72. Ben S. 73. S. Bhalla 74. K Watson 75. Cam Lavers 76. Sean Forrey 77. Jaime Chavez 78. Gary Gallardo 79. Ethan Doh Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. 72. Ben S. 73. S. Bhalla 74. K Watson 75. Cam Lavers 76. Sean Forrey 77. Jaime Chavez 78. Gary Gallardo Let the record show Armen and Garlen checked in on the 13th, still no comment or update. It has been over 3 months since any information was provided to backers. Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. 72. Ben S. 73. S. Bhalla 74. K Watson 75. Cam Lavers 76. Sean Forrey 77. Jaime Chavez Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. 72. Ben S. 73. S. Bhalla 74. K Watson 75. Cam Lavers 76. Sean Forrey Sean forrey Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. 72. Ben S. 73. S. Bhalla 74. K Watson 75. Cam Lavers Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. 72. Ben S. 73. S. Bhalla 74. K Watson and there you have it KS in and out as fast these idiot creators odd the moment a perceived insulting word appears in come the KS clean up brigade im only here to see these two ended ill wipe KS from my memory ... good riddance the consolidated list goes well but still KS refuses to comment ... just don't want to return 3% of 64 thousand dollars !! Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. 72. Ben S. 73. S. Bhalla Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. 72. Ben S. Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo 71. Roberto C. Looks like A&G logged in again today... Still no comment or update from them! This user's account has been deleted. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. @Vertus - thanks for logging in today. No update? Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P 70. Domenico Pisaturo This user's account has been deleted. Is this project considered "unfulfilled" if the creators fail to communicate with the backers for 3 months? @Vertus - we aren't going away. Surely something has happened in 3mo you can tell us about - or just refund our pledges. You haven't lived up to your end of the bargain. April fools day. Gotta wait for mine till the end of the world... @Michael Cameron @Bobo Fischer Hahaha very funny Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G 69. Garett P Got mine in the mail today as well! This user's account has been deleted. Anybody from California who can visit them? This is the last Kickstarter project that I am waiting on. However, I will give them a few more months to ship before asking for a refund. I really will need this product soon for sending audio to some really big speakers without wires in our new sound and photo studio. Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G 68. Ryker G Vertus Audio on December 13, 2013 @Dvir Shimon Sasson: Asking for more updates is a right of all our backers and we totally understand that, but accusing us as being scammers, is just not right! I don't know if you remember, but we had a test video from the first day of our campaign that showed both speakers working at the same time. The video is still on the profile and you can take a look at it if you'd like. Vertus is not a standalone product, it is an add-on to any speaker giving the speaker capabilities the speaker didn't have before. Therefore our product cannot be shown working standalone and it needs a speaker to show its capabilities. The reason why we used Jambox speakers was to show our backers that even speakers that have Bluetooth but do not have the True Wireless Stereo technology, would still need Vertus to work as a pair at the same time. ITS BEEN A YEAR AND SOMETHING AND YOU ACT LIKE YOU FUCKING DON'T CARE. ENOUGH WITH THE BULLSHIT, AND START TO REFUND ALREADY Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han 67. Tyler G Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S 66. Han Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry 65. Ian S The boys are still logging in..... Hey fellas, WHAT'S GOING ON???!? Can you post something so we don't think of you as LIARS and THIEVES?? (with all due respect....) Nah, actually, you are in fact nothing but liars and thieves. Be respectful and considerate. Laura Huffstetler about 20 hours ago Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R 64. Jerry Be respectful and considerate. Laura Huffstetler about 20 hours ago Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler 63. Ivan R Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab 62. Laura Huffstetler Guys it's been a couple of years and no update nor product. I would like to receive some kind of information. There many of us that believed in this project. Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch 61. Cyril Kallab Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers 60. Paule Rodesch Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso 59. stdiers Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen 58. Martin Jaso Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson 57. Mellumen Awful. Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki 56. Dvir Sasson I think all backers on the States should file a legal action against: <url>ái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) 55. Koji Sasaki Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill 54. Loganblue Dan (Dan Borghoff) Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang 53. Alex Hill Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton 52. Francis Kwang Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L 51. Steve Dalton Interesting, it can be done. DIY Bluetooth stereo done using a E5Board. <url>ái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan 50. Shiang L Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson 49. Charlie Tan Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island 48. Cory Wilson Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky 47. Giligain Island Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe 46. Mark Zalobsky @Thomas Are you ever going to admit that there is no case, papers, or any other legal things about to hit them? Its pretty clear that you're just making things up at this point. Ukrit about 2 hours ago Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin 45. Kenny Choe Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung 44. Ukrit Dungkosin @chris - yes the increasing annoying list exactly plus its factual evidence in the case about to hit them Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla 43. Vosper Fung Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu 42. Eric Escamilla Chris Fourie about 1 hour ago Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie 41. Ken Shiu Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft 40. Chris Fourie >They have given up on the project and couldn't be bothered with the increasingly annoying consolidated list .... Yeah, basically. A&G haven't posted a production update in eight months, and I'm guessing it's because they blew through the money a while ago and just don't want to admit they've failed. I doubt there's anything left over to issue refunds from. Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin 39. Ben Shaft They have given up on the project and couldn't be bothered with the increasingly annoying consolidated list .... Where are the rest of the over 1000 backers? Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas 38. Ervine Lin Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman 37. Arnie Posadas Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche 36. Ryan Foreman the list is looking real good it says a million "up yours' lol For backers in USA,you should check this to try to get Money back(inffortunately I'm not): <url>ái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski 35. Bart Van den Bossche Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo 34. Andreas Michalski Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer 33. Janos Geronimo Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier 32. Sebastian Fischer isnt it illegal for them to keep this website running if they not actually gonna finish the product they just stealing more money if kick starter cant help us... surely someone who regulates the internet (maybe the government i dont know) can attack them from that side of things since its completely separate from kick starter maybe give them a fine as well. hopefully you guys understand what i was saying <url>ái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B 31. Susan Gauthier Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens 30. Chris B Guys, the money is all gone. The two fools were likely in over their heads, underestimating the total costs to complete the project. Refunds aren't ever going to appear, so we can all just write this off and put in complaints to make sure these clowns don't ever get a second shot at creating another failure. Since there hasn't been any new information about the most recent 'backer' for Vertus, I bet you that the backer pulled out after seeing what a cluster-f Bert and Ernie had created. Out of all my KS backings, this is the only low point. So I'm still very content with everything else. Peace out, yo. in the interlude ... the list is great keep it happening I would like to interrupt your consolidated lists to say: Vertus, you guys really SUCK. Thankyou for your attention. Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil 29. Fionn Behrens Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope 28. Mohammad Nabil Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard 27. Tristan Hope Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong 25. Alvin Wu 26. Dan Richard This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury 24. Tung Hock Ong Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick 23. Peter Khoury Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P 22. Todd Burrick Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C 21. Gene P Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà 20. Addam C Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) 19. Thái Bá Hoà Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys 18. Cyclejones (Jonah S.) Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey 17. Maarten Arys Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther 16. Paul Massey Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo 15. Jason Sayther Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ 14. Arkalimo Good to see A & G still logging in, keeping a close handle on the project. Hey guys, next time you log in, can you please drop a quick comment and let us know what is going on? Cheers Great job fellas. Not even a "Sorry guys due to circumstances the project failed" they would rather just run and hide. Bad form and shame on you. Oh yeah and they logged in again on the 22nd. they clearly are taking the piss now. Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. 13. TheJJ Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen 12.Madalena B. Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt 11. Josh Allen Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT 10. Holly Holt These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena 9.SidT Armenia and Garlen, the last update you gave us was October 6th, over 4months ago! When can we expect the next update? Armenia and Garlen, the last update you gave us was October 6th, almost 4months ago! When can we expect the next update? Armen and Garlen, the last update you gave us was October 6th, almost 4months ago! When can we expect the next update?!? Armenia and Garlen, the last update you gave us was October 6th, almost 4months ago! When can we expect the next update? This user's account has been deleted. Armenia and Garlen, the last update you gave us was October 6th, almost 4months ago! When can we expect the next update? Refund! These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D 8. Elena These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G 7. Dan D These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B 6. Bastian K-G These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T 5. Thomas B Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M 4. Martin T Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM 3. Davis M "at some point soon KS will be treated as hostile witnesses in a very public court hearing" This....will never happen. These guys may be crooks and have stolen our money, but some of you guys are insane! No, they haven’t communicated effectively, and who knows if or when they will deliver a product. However, they aren't wanted, served, booked, processed, whatever the hell else some of you are saying. This is the risk you take when you back a project on kickstarter. They are not some mystical international thieves. Adding your name to a list on a comment won't do anything. At all. You are wasting your time. Kickstarter has given the $64k from the project to the backers. There is nothing that they can do. They are not "single handidly throttling the good name of crowdfunding." There are hundreds upon hundreds of successful kickstarter projects. Kickstarter is obviously doing something right. You don't think so? Then you're delusional. Give it a rest, maybe get this product sometime, maybe don't. But I really can't believe how delusional and insane some of you are. Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH 2. KarlM Refund! Consolidated List of People Wanting A Vertus Refund *Add Your Name If You Want Your Money Back* Please copy-and-paste this list, including the header above, and this preamble, and add your Kickstarter username to the top of the numbered section. Over the months, many people in these forums have publicly requested a refund from Vertus Audio / Armen & Garlen Khachatourian. These requests have been easy to miss, because there are hundreds of comments. 1. ScottH They checked back in on the 12th again for another good old laugh at us all. Must be peeing there pants with laughter. thank you ...and that sums up everything wrong with KS and how they are single handidly throttling the good name of crowdfunding im completely against them now its like tke police overseeing the police .. totally bissed and this is so they can keep on sucking in inexperienced creators and somewhere get their 3% profit day in day out i don't believe KS cares one jot but that the graphics and sales pitch look great and funding is completed and then they just walk away they draw in chances like the vertus kids who think 64k will make them rich these kiddies soon realised it was much easier not to try at all and just keep all the money and sit it out at some point soon KS will be treated as hostile witnesses in a very public court hearing meanwhile we few aren't fooled here its not what they say in updates .. its what they dont say then proves the lies make it your duty to become one dollar trolls on other suspicious looking ventures and spread the word about this lack of integrity by KS so many creators are given a quick rehearsal by KS and sent out to deceive backers - its more and more obvious when you look at the time frames and promises .... remember if its being made in china in quantity nothing is leaving china right now at this time of year as its chinese new holiday season !!! I emailed kickstarter and this is what I got - I filled out the form,,,,,Thanks for updating me about this situation, and I’m sorry to hear that this has not been a better experience for you and other backers of the Vertus project. I do see that we've reached out to this creator in the past to remind them of their obligations, as well as our expectations regarding communication. I'm sorry they haven't yet responded to you and other members of their backer community. If you feel as though this creator has not made a good faith effort to complete their project as promised, we’d appreciate if you could share some feedback about your experience using our Project Feedback Form. <url>� Come on guys... Just be honest with us! If the money is gone, let us know! I am amazed that you continue to log in and continue to not give us any information at all! Why even log in??? What is going on with this project! Come clean!!! Guys"creators" speak up and tell us what are your thoughts on this project. Grab the bull by its horn and face us. I look forward on an email or an update. They logged in again on the 4th. I'm pretty sure they check in once in awhile so they can have a laugh at us all. I'm giving up and buying Logitech's Bluetooth adapter today. This has been a disappointing waste of money. refund dont worry screen capture is good evidence ... smart lawyers :) Facebook profile of the scammers is deleted. Time to do something kickstarter refund! This user's account has been deleted. yup I'm willing we certainly need to group ourselves im not going away anytime soon and evidence will be required to highlight the point they made of with their ill gotten gains notice for the record the latest update lies have not come about m anymore than any if the other ones Why not we try asking them on their Facebook accounts? Seems like their Facebook accounts are still heavily used. Refund please. Or we need to have Kickstarter to have an option to flag scams like this. its odd isn't it how a psychopath can owe you money .. say 64 thousand $ in round cash (less 2k odd non refundable commission to good old KS) and not even offer 1 miserly dollar back towards the debt they just blank you, shrug their sorry shoulders and smile they cant believe how easy it was to deceive all those people and how easy KS made it for them to do it apparently making conspiracy into a federal crime can get you extradited :) in the uk we have a wide conspiracy charge always heard at the old bailey here you did within the jurisdiction of the old bailey at a time unknown, conspire with others unknown, to dishonestly obtain a pecuniary advantage from others does that fit anyone we know ? the old bailey sends the guilty to prison and move prisoners on to be indited in another countries court after serving their time who has heard of the phrase ... 'you'll be smiling on the other side of your face' not long before you'll be lucky to have one dollar each keep coming back here guys ... they do Hey Scum.. I love how there are products now on groupon of all goddamn places that perform the same as your lies. Except I can actually order them and they will arrive. Lying, deceitful, scammers. A&G continue to log in, but never comment or update! I feel like they are logging in just to laugh at us backers... ok guys this is my route <url>"I got my money back, but it was no easy thing. Put in a dispute with your CC, they will reject it because of the time. Escalate the issue and attach the last update here on kickstarter (this shows that the delivery date was pushed out). The CC company will give ******* 60 days to respond (He won't). The CC company (your bank) will then check to see if ******* has engaged Visa or Mastercard for mediation (He hasn't)... And TADA, you get your money back. Most importantly, ******* doesn't get your money. It's a long process, but very satisfying." Thomas, what will be listed and what papers will be served? Just refund us - enough is enough, I want out of this nightmare. @project creator - kindly update us backers what has happened with the redesign. These douchbags logged in on the 30th and didn't even bother to say hi.......... lol Ugh this sucks. We definitely all need our refunds. Anyone know how to go about this? Been scrolling and reading, not sure if Amazon will indeed issue a refund. i just tried to submit my claim via amazon payments but it had an error that the claim was from too long ago. It actually won't let you file a claim there - but you can call in and tell them to send it up to their escalations department and they will file a claim manually for you. Amazon has an A-Z guarantee. I've just submitted my claim for reimbursement and you can as well at <url>"wanted" and should be served soon? I love how they say "Thanks for the patience." like any of us have an patience left for them. Refund please! Please refund my pledge. It has taken so long that I now have a new car and no need for your device. I would like a refund please. This farce has gone on quite long enough. refund please yes i noticed they haven't said no product exists still on the website if they have kept payments for a non existent product ... that will be a federal offence ... and the person who paid cant be reached by them its all there for the authorities to pick over I wonder how much extra money they are getting in via their website <url>"proof of life" for this project, and would be appreciated. Is there ANY schedule at this point? Can you please provide an update with actual information that your backers can use? yes come back kev ! and i muss 59 dollars i pledged !! This user's account has been deleted. Such a shame this is the first project I ever backed... And through kickstarter, it will most certainly be my last. Refund my pledge please. Could you please refund my contribution? I'm no longer interested in the finished product. Thanks. I would love to get refunded. This project has taken far too long. Wait, maybe I confused myself on what you meant. @Micheal Cameron Wow, that's a *terrible* batting avg. Only 1, this one, is coming through for you! Wow, just wow! right on the money Dvir !! Vertus - Spread the lies: "Today a new angel investor called us about our wonderful project. And then we woke up from our awesome dream, back to our lives, where we stole over 70,000$ from our generous backers. Thanks Kickstarter!" This user's account has been deleted. Refund This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Refund please refund please Refund please This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Refund please the only problem with that ... without agreeing with that comment is ... no one will see any refund i wonder how clearly we have to say it 'you have not put anything resembling 64 thousand dollars into this project unless of course we have been paying directors bonus's and expenses all this time ' so we would like our money back This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Angel investor my ass. Stop stringing this out. Come clean so we can move on from this shite. @Thomas B - you are right, we are at day two. They have our money - but there is not working prototype and the changes the manufacturer wants will still need to be tested against the software. So - we are still at day two of square one... 89 bucks gone down the drain. Or wirelessly thru the air... no i do not believe we are just at day one ...its so obvious the promise of day one left the stage at day two @Janos - the status of the project is: the prototype must be redesigned and tested before the new manufacturer will run a test batch. This could mean additional modifications once the changes are made to ensure the software works with the redesign. No timeline for future action has given. Meaning: we are back at square one. A factual, detailed update is needed. Any pictures to show us? When is the "final" production going to start? I actually have a lot of questions regarding the project but most of them have already been asked. I honestly don't know the current state of the project. Ahahahahah, remember how long the first board took to design? Now they have to "redesign" it. Everyone can look forward to another 2 years if bullshit updates lol @bobo yes i saw that lets just drop any info we were giving in prototypes and go for usa made well in this case usa not made yes refunds all round on the brothers to celebrate ... nothing According to your timeline you have made several prototypes by March 2013. Since then you didn't even get to finish one more f****ing prototype? Stop lying to us. Refund us now! Seriously can't believe you guys. exactly - at best chasing new technology forever is ridiculous ... never going to win backers wanted the simplicity of the original idea then even the vamp is showing its age after 2 years but i enjoy owning it still the brothers have lost the plot and are just tilting at windmills now might as well deliver a bag of smoke now for all its going to worth no no i don't really believe they will deliver that ... all we get is hot virtual air I can't wait to receive my years old technology! I've already replaced my old speakers with wifi enabled ones so if I ever receive anything, it'll just sit and do nothing or get thrown out. Sigh, what a waste. november 2013 This is a hard journey for us but we are fully motivated to perform our duty as promised, which is to create a flawless product that would bring joy to you and again all this wouldn't have happened without your trust and belief in our vision. Armen & Garlen A&G, When can we expect the next (non) update? May I suggest, with your track record, maybe April??? Will we get the refund option then?? yes excellent - it will decrease the places they can visit and spend the money! actually that makes europe a no-go area now .... i knew id get to smile at some point this comments page must stay up to date or they will think they have won ive been reading quite a few articles on this behaviour but at least most of the other creators admit they have failed and shown what they did to succeed so the backers can make an informed decision these spin artists are not that honourable hence us being here we know they cant resist popping in to see how they are doing so it matters to them at some level I just filed a report in Germany. So you are officially wanted here in Germany. That's no update!!! You better give our money back so we can spend it on serious kickstarter projects!!!!!!! I backed and received a product in the time it took you to give a statement. You guys really are unbelievable. We're coming up to 3 years and your no further than you were when we all backed this. lies and fraud on a 64k dollar scale no less One thing they got right: Vertus will certainly be a very rare electronic device! I predict much less than one per backer....... "DESIGNED, MACHINED, AND ASSEMBLED IN USA" has been in the project description all along. Not impressed. See point #4 in my post below! What a crock. This is not an update. Nothing has happened in 3 months. There is no manufacturer, otherwise A&G would be trumpeting who it is. There is no angel investor. This is lies and fraud, pure and simple. and who is the american manufacturer ? funny the name seems to have slipt on bye there no dates just a hallo goodbye yet another nail in the coffin january is not going to be a good month for vertus audio Really A&G??? That is the update??? It almost would have been better to leave us hanging for another few months! Any chance you will be offering refunds? How about a use of funds statement? Oh well, guess I'll wait another 3 months till the next (lack of) update! @ chris t. - i so agree with the adjectives at the end there lol its about time social media outed KS ... they sure hit gold ... cant lose either way but of course their personal integrity i find quite a few forums are interested in this back wash meanwhile mark up yet another premeditated lie! update please. at least keep this promise of an update. @Cory: don't get your hopes up; This project is progressing almost identically to another fraudulent scam I unfortunately backed (Crypteks/Cryptrade). Here's how it goes: 1. Company puts forward genuinely interesting or useful idea, with a modest funding target. 2. Project is successfully backed, amidst promises of regular updates etc. 3. Creator lacks the skill. knowledge or business sense to create the product, or are fraudsters from the outset. 4. No real progress ensues, updates become fuzzier and less frequent, backers get suspicious and pissed off. 5. Creator posts minimum of updates to placate KS, usually followed by an elaborate offer to refund backers. 6. Nothing materializes, no product, no refund. KS protects identity details of creator, who keeps funds. KS hides behind facade of "we never guarantee a result, you do this at your own risk". Backers have absolutely no recourse against anyone. This was the Crypteks pattern. I fear Vermus are following suit. KS are ruthless pricks who don't give a shit. Alright @kickstarter , another false promise. Do something! Well well Approx 3 hours left of Jan 4th... Unless A&G meant Jan 4th 2016... With the frequency in which they actually update us backers, I wouldn't doubt it... 4th has officially closed in the uk greenwich mean time here i think KS should comment by tomorrow ... im assuming they will be back from their holiday to I wonder whether we should eager bets :D Will this be a refund day??? Is that what the Angel Investor (noted on October 6th, 2014) was for, to help pay back all of the money that was taken? Maybe Armen and Garlen had to wait for the "Angel" check to clear... No log-in's since the 12th of December from A&G... So, we wait..... Tick Tack Tick Tack Only one and a quarter hours left where I live. No update. What a surprise. Vermus - I am not feeling the love..... Please, let this be refund day... oboy oboy oboy its jan 4th here to they promised an announcement on a sunday!!?? hope KS is also here today watching but so unlikely my new year resolution is not to back anything again if its successful it will hit the market in due course and i buy one at say 30% more (no big deal) and someone else will honour the guarantee and mostly its no fun any more more and more creators make false promises one 'creator' even offered a selection of 'sorry' cards to send to friends who didn't receive their present this christmas ... oh so pathetic ! OhboyOhboyOhboyOhboy!! It's Jan 4th where I live. So exciting! Just like Christmas all over again! What will Santa bring......? Complaint filed! FYI: Please file a complaint... <url>"update" on the 5th since you are almost always a day behind giving them? @awfull Jarod Samuelson I hope you're right,I just want a refund and forget about this awfull KS Project that should be interesting but not holding my breath anyone know the interest on 64 k in nearly 2 years I think the update on Jan. 4th will include an option for a refund! :) I like your profile pic, Cory! And please, don't interpret that to mean that I want any fucking product that you may ever come out with. I still just want my money back. So, in one week, we should be getting another update, right? Is that still the plan? Will it be of any important content? Or just more runaround and another date? I'm truly enraged at your lack of project management and most of all, lack of communication with your backers, the people that so generously made your dream a reality. So what's in it for us, guys?? yes it looks like that they won't even confirm if they even have our $64,000 still ! do these people even audit public money given in good faith do they come here and say merry christmas oh well the smile will leave their faces soon enough now merry christmas to you all I bet there will be expensive Christmas presents underneath the Khachatourian' Christmas tree. Merry Christmas to everyone else. hopefully at sub judice :) I doubt we will hear from them again @bobo ... oh yes my sarcasm jumped that one of course there never has been ... never will be 'a backer' to wash the stink of this project i believe the 'creators' will be landing from there round the world trip on 4 th ... otherwise that date will be as meaningless as usual how much bank interest do you get over 2 years on 64 k dollars ? just wondered Why 4 Jan is good day?????? Yeah, Jan 4 is going to be a good, good, day! @Jarod: I agree with you that any backer who has not yet reported this project to KS should do so. But don't expect miracles; in my experience, when there are problems with a project, KS are toothless, hopeless and much more interested in protecting the interests of creators than looking after backers. In general, KS sucks. If you have not done so, contact kickstarter and explain the situation. I just got a reply from them saying they would reach out to vertus audio to remind them of their obligation. If enough people contact kickstarter, maybe we will be able to get some "communication" from vertus! Don't get fooled. There is no angel investor. especially when the new investor asks to see the 64k in the books somewhere ! I'm guessing this latest "update" that we are waiting for is "We Lost Our New Investor :-(" Thank you for your efforts in english law it is a criminal offence to obtain a pecuniary advantage by deception the definitions to prove an element of dishonesty ... tick permanently deprive ..... tick belonging to another .... tick tick tick tick ... property .... ie money ....tick so here in the uk they will be arrested if they ever come here as soon as the warrant is posted in their absence I'm waiting on the usa references for a similar offence so every time they post and dodge its just more evidence don't think they are somehow 'virtual' because this has happened on-line ... far from it All he posted the upcoming update is because he has to tell kickstarter that he is "on track and is keeping backers informed". Bullshit. What are our options as backers? When will we be offered refunds? Jan. 4th will come and go with no update whatsoever. Why can't we get updates now? What is going to happen between now and Jan. 4th that we have to wait? @kickstarter are you watching this thread? Are you applying any pressure at all to Vertus? REFUND! So a month ago you said you'd post an update soon. Soon? January 4th is not soon. Nearly two months away from your previous comment referring to an update that would come out "soon". I hope you realize that you gents brought all this onto yourselves, there's a reason many here are not pleased. Wow. You have the gall to drop a comment on here, and tell us to sit on our thumbs and get excited about the next meaningless update, which is 3 weeks from now? You couldn't have taken that time to answer even one legitimate question? I don't even have the right words for you guys... boy you boys are unbelievable ignore all the flak and let us go to some trouble to see you in court and just happen on here and decide to mention some haphazard date yet again and just smile it all away ? kickstarter not been chasing you then? but how would we know you all just treat us like mushrooms .. feeding us bullshit and keep things in the dark well the 4th will tie in nicely with our plans to oh yes i don't want the product or any product you've devised i wanted my money back but now we can have even more satisfaction and my money Wow, they might have chosen someone to manufacture Vertus! (which doesn't yet have a working prototype, or even proof the concept works at all....) This is such a huge achievement we must all be patient and allow them the 21 days it will take to jot the name of this poor sucker onto a comment. Pathetic. Joke. January 4, 2017? @Chris Thomas: this is all I wanted to proof. Kickstarter just took their share of 3.4k$ and leave all backers behind. Once they got their money they thought shit about us backers. ok - paypal are now very aware of the vertus audio website where they will still steal 'pre orders' for a non existent product using paypal as a preferred payment option paypal have said meanwhile any payments taken and disputed at 7 days will be refunded by them so at least victims not knowing the true state of play here, wont be investing in the brothers high life ! isn't that website evidence of premeditated fraud in the usa ? which would def be a police / federal type matter over here must ask our team that one @Vertus - say something! Refunds? Status? Why do you think it is ok to treat your backers this way - keeping us in the dark? There has been no meaningful update since the summer. What is going on? Give me my money back! Pardon my manners, but where the FUCK is the product I pledged for? Freaken thieves. There's a special place in hell for people like you. Give me and us our damn money back you thieves! My Lawyer will be contacting you clowns. Come on, @Kickstarter! Help out your backers! We want our money back! How much longer do these boys need to defame their own character with our money in their pockets?? Vertus I backed another project in October and it is supposed to ship next week. You haven't even been able to give an update in that amount of time, I'm sure you are talking to your manufacturers and that they are keeping you informed of a timeline and any problems that arise. All we are asking is that you do the same. On a weekly bases not quarterly, were coming up toward 2 years since backing completion. @vertus - it had been nearly a month since your last comment - the 'very soons' clearly are meaningless. What do you have to report or when will you have something of substance to report? oh yes ive reported this again recently but silence reigns ill know more shortly And as for the 'Kickstarter Integrity Team' who investigate reported projects: Surely the greatest oxymoron of all time ! OK, I understand why KS would delete Bobo's comment which listed the boys' private address. But look how quickly they acted to protect the creators! What do they do to help backers of this utterly worthless crappy project with its lies, unfulfilled promises, complete lack of accountability and utter disregard for its sponsors? NOTHING! As with the Crypteks project (equally as bad, perhaps worse) KS take their cut and are then complicit in the crimes of fraud and theft. They give a blanket bullshit response when people complain, and lock the door on further correspondence from backers. Meanwhile the boys can happily log in here nearly every day, smug with our cash in their pockets, knowing that they are not held accountable for their crimes and that KS will protect them. Bring on the lawsuit @thomas bassett, I will support you any way I can. Okay, it's been two months since your last "update". Can we get an update on the product this time? Just in case you were planning another worthless update... @Vertus - care to provide an update? This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. i see the other crowd funding outfit are now offering $15 insurance against no show adter 3 months !!! its inly a matter of time before KS have to initiate it and then their lack of vetting will be viewed by professional loss adjusters step up to the plate time KS so word from usa is a writ will proceed - I'm to gather my evidence - not hard its all hear lol i enjoy this part of the exercise if it turns out to be running along nicely ill invite you guys to join a group action - ill have to get the solicitors (lawyers office) to work that one out ..but at first sight under american law it doesn't look like kickstarter will come out unscathed I'm not read on american 'negligence' laws but here certainly they would either be named defendants or treated as hostile witnesses for the prosecution am i paying ... nope...you see my friend is a director of one of the states most well recognised brands and has instructed his team on my behalf let the games begin Our update "very soon" was promised nearly two months ago. Yet they log in nearly every day.... Hopeless. God damnit! WHAT MUST WE DO IN ORDER TO GET OUR FREAKING REFUNDS??????????? REFUND ME! REFUND US! God damn it. Refund everyone who is requesting a refund, you scammers! @ScottH - Kev was doing a lot to stir things up and try to get results from Vertus. Vertus wasn't having that so they refunded him and dropped him as a backer. He put a lot of work into getting his refund. @Vertus - if you refunded Kev's money, you have set a precedent to refund anyone's money who requests it. I want a refund or an explanation why you will refund Kev's money but not mine. This the worst project I ever backed:::not even a project but a bunch of lies and no real communication showing produt...this kind of pseudo project is a disgrace for kickstarter prestige Kev's comments that he posted before being removed are still here. The creator cannot edit any of the comments on this page. This way, Kickstarter (or someone that actually cares) can see how frequently the creator is actually communicating with their backers. Kickstarter removes comments that are vulgar or when private information is posted. a refund! really so all kevs comments have vanished? but as i understand it vertus can remove any comments they fill bothered to click on ! so why pay im still mad at kickstarter !! From what I've seen from other projects, the creator can refund a backer and force them out of the project backer community. I’m sure it was in Vertus’ best interest to stop Kev’s comments and just give him the refund. Check out Kev’s profile. It no longer has him backing this project. You can see him putting up a fight over at the Hot Watch backer community. This user's account has been deleted. He is no longer a backer. He can not respond. @Kev - did you get a refund? Has Vertus taken legal action against you? Looks like Kev got his refund and has been removed making comments. It took a lot of work, but he got what most of us want, a refund. Actually, for me the value of Vertus is worse than worthless....precisely minus $49 @Ken: because we are kept so poorly informed about the development of Vertus, I can only presume there really is no working product (they have done nothing to convince me otherwise) so I am estimating the value of Vertus is pretty close to zero already. If still pending, we could see the same functional product in the market soon. and the value of Vertus will drop and unattractive then.........Sad..... Anything? @paule - nicely put and congratulations these sort of people will put an end to the fun of crowdfunding i can buy the thing after the event risk nothing and pay 25 to 30 % more ... it should not be about the money no fun in that normally the fun is in the journey with the people designing and building it the highs and lows ... when Paul designed the vamp we got the honesty in the journey i had a visitor from the usa last week now back home with the details of this situation ... ill have more next week Yay, with this comment there are as many comments as there are angry backers. I have complained once before, never got an answer, like so many others, but I want a REFUND!! It is ridiculous and sad what has become of this (very promising) project. Vertus - Spread the lies Wow. Just can't believe it. Even Radiate t-shirts are gonna ship before you guys, and they did the same prank as you - only difference is that I respect Radiate much more than the 2 of you. You guys don't even give a shit about us, which is a fact. If you did, your backers would have been much much more supportive than right now. And guess what? I don't care about the money any more, I'll make it my life purpose to come after you and make sure you won't do that trick again. Great rep you've get there. Waiting for you to write again about how you gonna sue me. no integrity Where are the apologies ? All I want is a weekly update. Say, every Sunday evening or something. Even if its the same thing "We're waiting on shipping." I don't care, I want you to say something at least every 7 days. If you can't do that, I would like a specific reason why you can't. And since no such reason exists, I hope to see weekly updates. Why machine assemble a board in another country? What happened to breadboards and a birds nest of wires and resistors? You're supposed to do that until it works, design the PCB, order one for cheap from one of many companies, foreign or domestic, solder your own components on, test it, and then if it works, go into production. You state that machine assembly was used to avoid mistakes. Mistakes are fixable, extra money spent on your process is gone. You have clearly mishandled this project and I just want some explanation. I can accept that you made a poor decision and this is taking a while, but let me know why. Is shipping from China taking a month? Or did you do nothing for three weeks and then shipping takes a week? I'm not accusing you of anything, I just want clarity. Where is this investor, how much money, what are they doing to help you, do you have the funds, how are you going to use them....? Again, I just want clarity. I am not being mean or spamming, this is my first comment after reading many of these 1,000+ comments over the past 17 months. I do however understand these people's frustrations. Imagine you ordered a product yourself for $30+ and nothing came and every update was vague and made little to no progress. You would get frustrated as well! I don't agree with the actions that some of the backers have taken, but I 100% understand their frustration. Before attacking back, maybe you should look at it from our perspective and maybe apologize and be more open in the future. I am still confident and hopeful and I look forward to receiving my Vertus. Mark 30 sept to 13 nov to say anything really !? and now no mention of the new investor as promised but hey telling us it will now be a made in usa product instead saves the day !!? and remind us ... how many times have you popped in to read the comments and found nothing to say well i have spoken to some heavy weight corporate friends in usa yesterday and your not home free pass the popcorn this could get very interesting very soon OH WOW!!! ANOTHER LIE! WHEN ARE YOU GONNA UPDATE US? NEXT YEAR MAYBE? WHEN WILL THE BOARDS BE READY? IN 2020????????? STOP LYING! BE TRANSPARENT! TELL US WHAT YOU'VE DID WITH OUR MONEY! What a lie. Just out of experience. Prices in Hongkong are not comparable to China. FYI. Mass production in Hongkong is beyond reasonable prices! Thank you for your efforts,Vertus! And another login. Pretty please? Kev - Thanks for that, hopefully the AG of California will talk some sense into Vertus Audio! You can't be scamming people that is illegal an against the law. Hi Vertus On Oct 6 you mentioned you would keep us updated very soon. I notice you have just logged in again. Next time you do guys, can you drop a quick note into the comments to fill us in a bit please? That would be really nice. Thanks. Look forward to it. Have a great day. oh heres yet another one at what stage and who phones the police!!? KS still missing from this equation at least distance yourselves !? This user's account has been deleted. @Vertus - when do you plan on updating your backers? Your: "We will keep you updated on how this would affect Vertus' future very soon" - IS A MONTH OLD. Here are some of the questions I have: Where does the project stand and what is the path forward? Will you post details on this “Angel Investor”? Will we hear the back story on what happened with the overseas manufacturer? Was any work done? When did you know something was wrong? Any progress on the packaging? Is there a current timeline? Can the update be void of rhetoric – sticking to just facts? I'm starting to think that the "angel investor" was really some chump who ordered off of their website that is now in the same boat as the rest of us....the S.S. Minnow Dvir Shimon Sasson 4 hours later and KS has not taken your comments down! KS - can you feel the frustration and tension!!?? This is unfair at the least. People need answers! People want a refund!! We have lost faith with substantial reasons. Someone do something!! This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. has anyone else visited the vertusaudio.com website? interesting taking pre orders for a device not out the drawing pad yet classy companies willing to take payments to inc paypal i wonder ... are you ahead of me yet yes i wonder how many pre orders ? yup $68,431 gone missing but now I'm really at odds with KS they took 5% off the top =$3421.55 i invested in another project recently only to see the company men dodge real honest questions i quickly dropped my pledge to a dollar and kept reading it was s successfully funded project as of yesterday so i lost a dollar but not my shirt at least that project leader was talking but we will see if he still is a month from now im finding it hard to trust now its never the small investment its just enjoying the journey with the inventors now and again and of course owning the product that attracted your attention in the first place here ....we got zilch so the only successful one so dar for me was built here in london the vamp ... and its still great to use @Vertus - when do you plan on updating your backers? Your: "We will keep you updated on how this would affect Vertus' future very soon" - is nearly a month old. Here are some of the questions I have: Where does the project stand and what is the path forward? Will you post details on this “Angel Investor”? Will we hear the back story on what happened with the overseas manufacturer? Was any work done? When did you know something was wrong? Any progress on the packaging? Is there a current timeline? Can the update be void of rhetoric – sticking to just facts? This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. it would be hard to accept a product was honest even if they sent it suddenly tomorrow when you break trust it stays broken these guys are like companies you send a small invoice to and never pay citing all sorts of never ending excuses hoping you will just go away ... and worst they don't offer even s dime a week back ... zilch zero comes back and its the same here ... no accounting ... a product now so out of date if you ate it you'd get poisoned truly bad and KS haven't been to say something ....anything its all or nothing with money or words ... some old same old Maybe we should all contact them via their website support page (<url>"Project By" above "Comments", "Updates", and "Details". Then scroll to the bottom of the "Project By" page and it shows their last login. @Scott: How do you tell when they log on? I am using mobile KS app. I have backed another dodgy project where the creators have gone silent again; would be nice to know if they are still checking in! @Chris Thomas - note @Vertus logged in Sat, Sun and again today - and no postings... @ScottH: Obviously not! <url>– can we trouble you to spend 45min this weekend to post a substantive update on where the project stands and what the path forward is? Will you post details on this “Angel Investor”? Will we hear the back story on what happened with the overseas manufacturer? Was any work done? When did you know something was wrong? Any progress on the packaging? Is there a current timeline? Can the update be void of rhetoric – sticking to just facts? I think that the anonabox was canceled because people figured out that the product already existed to purchase. The creator was basically going to buy from the site selling the anonabox, and then double the markup for pledges in order to make a tidy profit without doing any kind of work. anonabox sorry not anonibox oh you should see how quick KS can be to cancel a project the anonibox based on 'tor' went west last week and another similar project torfi rose and has now also been cancelled with reason given now go figure the double standards here Bobo: looks like we're one step closer to the hoverboard: <url>#4gkgl72 Most likely the hoverboard will be invented before the two of them invent vertus! @frank: These two thieves should have had the plan BEFORE the "investment" otherwise how much more did they know they needed? The fact they haven't posted ONE thing since their last "update" is par for the course with their behavior throughout this scam-paign. Just more proof they are scam artists and to this day violate kickstarter rules and regulations. @Vertus. You have had 2 long weeks to devise a new plan of action with the new investment. Can you let us in on what your new plan of action will be ? Kev, I appreciate everything you've been doing on behalf of the backers. It got to a point where for a few months there, this comment thread was my go to source for entertainment when I felt like watching some fireworks. But to be honest, the last update, and complete lack of response from Vertus since, has really just taken the wind out of my sails. There's no joy for me in this comment thread anymore. Remember to keep sending your feedback to kickstarter directly with this link: <url>"we tried"... @�etc: love your positive outlook. Nobody minds a delayed project. It is lack of communication that causes backers to lose faith every time! Unfortunately, Vertus are really, really bad at keeping us in the loop. The other problem is, for tech/computer/audio projects, the longer something takes, the sooner the technology becomes obsolete. If you attract many backers, then their patience, tolerance and ignition points probably form a Gaussian bell curve. You are at one end. Big Kev is at the other. The longer this takes and the more we are ignored and treated with contempt, the more the curve skews in one direction. But I love your positive outlook. Go Vertus! Feel the love! I can understand everyone's frustrations with this project. It's been awhile, updates have been few and far between, and the way that Vertus has handled communications and concerns has been lacking. BUT ... I still have faith in this project. Going back to their updates, they have been developing the PCB, casing etc at a regular pace (though slow). From December to October, they've basically developed and made a tangible prototype for the circuitry for this hi-tech kit, which isn't easy. I really do understand everyone's frustrations and loss of faith. I think it was lost in beginning with the lack of communication. But now that we are starting to get more updates, and communications, and see the actual physical progress (which was what we asked for), I think we should start giving these guys a little support (even though they haven't been to good in communicating this project). No matter what it isn't easy to come up with a new product. Even if they had to find financial backing, these things do and will happen when creating a product. We shouldn't be too critical of them for that I hope. I really hope that this project pulls through, becomes a commercially released success. I also hope that we keep and start getting more detailed and regular updates with actual product production process, and timelines/details/milestones etc. I still believe in this project ... and though I understand why many have lost faith (and it is justified) for myself, there would be little benefit in being continually critical, and more benefit in supporting these guys when they do try (ie. get this project rolling forward ASAP and keep us updated!). Fingers crossed! @ chris and addam thanks guys ... we should start our own star chamber lol these guys a laugh here ... i count that cash lost and so i feel my friends here are allowed to laugh with me sue me ... get off the plane at heathrow and we will be there to 'greet' you with a devastating smile ive just backed a new project i like... the tors adapter in a tiny box... anonabox i bet i see that in january before i see a vertus thingy and takers hahaha yup KS gave me the computer screen scripted reply we all do realise they take 5% of the top right for every project that sets sail im certainly not ever going to be a backer of KS What will the new update contain? Something like: "We have another business angel"? "We just realized our prototype has been lost in transition"? "Major update coming 2033"? Whats the plan Vertus ? Any chance you can let us know ?? Way to go Kev. Thanks. Backers: I have received a letter from the Attorney General of California. They are going to contact Vertus on the hopes of eliciting a response from them. You can run frauds... but you can't hide. Why are you deleting all of these comments? Can't you handle the truth??? THAT YOU ARE BUNCH OF SCAMMERS AND THIEVES???? What annoys me is that after so many people went on to contact KS about this project KS still feels this is legit! Some of us have backed projects up to the high 20's and more. We are KS cash cows, but not anymore. My eyes were opened with my very last project that KS shutdown in June with enough pressure, iFind. So KS if we go up to 2 years, outstanding violations on creators part, 0 communication will you still behave like nothing is going on? I think we should take KS to the social networks, not just these guys. I WILL SAY IT AGAIN!!!!!!!!! REFUND!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Even the half decent late projects - when they got refund demands - they complied. Why is this so different. REFUND!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Vertus: I think you owe Kev an apology, but wont hold my breathe for that or any other decent information. Thank you everyone for posting your opinions on this project. It's great to see so many new faces posting. The more people we have spreading the word about these two the better chance we have at getting a resolution We now need to take our voices to the websites, blogs, twitter accounts and hope someone picks up this story.... Engadget: <url>#communities/116621120946489079867 Please take a few minutes and sumbit a tip to one or several of these websites. I will be doing the same. Just like to remind everyone that there is a Google+ page(Thanks Kev) where you can vent, but more importantly we can keep post uncensored comments !! <url>"GO TIME" @Evan Schwartz. I have friends that know how to find anyone. That's why I'd recommend these two Scammers learn how to start refunding or learn how to live looking over there shoulders"DAILY" @Chris Thomas yes KS is nothing more than Pimps and I can also understand why they removed these scammers personally addresses and phone #'s as they don't want to be the billboard for a Lynch Mob however in a case to where they're protecting these thugs I really feel they should personally take point in pressing these thugs for using KS as the Front Man for Stealing 68k. Was watching the News tonight and some poor schmuck got caught stealing 2k from a convenience store, he left a note apologizing, he's getting sentenced to 5 years. The crime committed here is a felony offense and because these two thugs have made it clear that they've never intended on delivering, by their behavior, this was to me a premeditated crime? Anyone that wants the information I obtained about these thugs just make a post and I'll get U the information. I would like a REFUND for this project as it hasn't made any attempt to update backers properly or produce a final product as yet. As a investor not residing in USA i would have thought that there were strict laws regarding this type scam eg wire fraud etc or am i mistaken ? @Michael Hopkins That is pretty funny. Wondering how you were able to find their addresses 2 questions (out of many)... 1. What about the 'working prototype' in the video on the kickstarted page? 2. What ever happened to (quoted from kickstarted page) "Project Updates: After the campaign ends successfully, we are going to post updates regularly every Wednesday, to inform you the details of our journey."??? This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. @Michael: although I get why KS might have censored you, I wish they held creators to their standards and guidelines to the same extent they do the backers of projects! Hypocrisy, you would think, until you realise that KS take their cut ie. are at best complicit in cases of thievery when no product eventuates. (Hope I worded that accusation within the guidelines...) This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. So its OK for Kickstarter to hide these criminals and when there is a post exposing the location and where abouts of said criminals Kickstarter removes the information. When the Backers want to file a claim or petition for a class action suit the information I posted is necessary information that's required to file the suit. Here is what they emailed me:Kickstarter Support (Kickstarter) Oct 06 15:05 Hi there, We're writing because we noticed you posting abusive comments on a project, specifically comments containing personal information about a creator. This kind of activity is against our Guidelines (<url>"Smartest" so being your the Primary example of Dumb and Dumber I'm not holding my breath. The approximate amount would probably be less than 8K? To refund those that have requested refunds? I also mentioned that I have a friend in the States Department that will look into these two scammers. Refund Myself and All Backers Requesting refunds immediately or we'll be going down the rabbit hole ........Promise!! More evidence that Kickstarter protection of Criminals is alive and well. I took screen shots for evidence in the event it's needed. KS is harboring criminals plain and simple. With removal of my posts it's providing safety for these free loaders. We'll try to sort out a way to repost this information on a website that doesn't have a problem exposing Blue Collar Criminals. If U want it just ask in a post and we'll sort out a way to get it to you. Kickstarter has removed addresses I posted to the where abouts of these two thieves. Also FYI: Vertus Audio or VertusAudio isn't Trademarked? According to the USA trademark information site it says:This name is not found in our database of U.S. trademarks Only goes to prove that these two thieves set out to steal funding not to create what they claimed. Also we can't even find them in California's registered businesses? Is anyone surprised? Also if anyone knows when and where Vertus Audio was registered as a company please post. On a surface search Vertus Audio isn't showing up as a California registered company? Any information anyone has will be useful. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. I know that this may be counter productive but I have to vent - especially after that pathetic update! Worst update EVER!! REFUND! REFUND! REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND!REFUND! REFUND! This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. @maarten He can't and won't prove me wrong. We're too deep into this for them to turn this project around. If they wanted to we would have had a more timely dialogue letting us know what exactly is going on with this project. But they rather hide and ignore all of our questions and concerns. Why haven't we seen ANY working prototype after this project has ended? Why have they ignored all of our questions? Why can't they post a detailed update letting us know where stand with this project? how much money has been wasted? how much is left to waste? Who is this "angel investor"? family member? how much did they allegedly give you? Instead of giving usefull updates you actually waste time and energy looking into how you can sue the very same people that believed in you in the beginning. You ignore the fact that they stopped believing in you because you do not deliver nor do you keep people in the loop with what you are doing and how you are spending the money you got thanks to those people. So what does this last update mean exactly, no information on who is giving you the money or how much nor on why you fell short of money. No information on when you are now, how long you think it will take to complete this project. The updates is just an update for the sake of having an update, there is no information in it for the backers. And to make things worse, your product that was nice and cool when you presented it, is outdated now, bluetooth receivers and speakers have already flooded the market by now. So tell us again on why we should back you, believe in you, support you when you treat us, the people who provided you with the money for your dream when instead of updating us and apologizing for the delay, you engage in conversation and threaten one specific backer for saying aloud what everybody is thinking. If he is wrong, don't sue him, prove him wrong! REFUND NOW!!!!! kev, how can I file a complaint from abroad? I went into more detail on the Update section if you want a laugh Kev ! "Bottom line :The Khachatourian bros cannot be trusted." Understatement of the year. Bottom line :The Khachatourian bros cannot be trusted. ...........no prototype yet!!!!! And a crazy person throwing more money at them. Hope it's lots. Let's build a superceded, not-so-useful-any-more machine, hopefully by 2017. Good luck fellas! (and why couldn't you tell us 5 days ago????) This update is a complete and utter lie. There is no angel investor who would give these two frauds money. Maybe a family member but not a real investor. So for the last 4 months they have done NOTHING for this project. Remember when they said they were getting the latest prototype built? now they are saying they have enough money to get it built.. what a bunch of lies. Where did the origianl $68K go??? PUBLISH A USE OF FUNDS STATEMENT you frauds. Don't you think it's about time all backers stand up for ourselves and let frauds like Armen and Garlen know they can't get away with their fraudulent behavior? 1) Please contact kickstarter at this link and fill out the survey: <url>"big update". All I can do is shake my head. The downside of KS is this project - Two guys with a good idea who don't have a clue how to execute, but think they can. How did they end up getting more money? All the "investor" had to do was take one look at this project page to see what they were truly investing in... I agree with the backers here. The update has no content. No definite timeline, no schedule, no update regarding the product in development itself. These guys are having a fucking laugh ! How can they think that this latest update is sufficient !! They have been living of our money for the past year and have been shitting themselves to own up to it. Meanwhile the project has stalled for 2-3 months and we are just supposed to accept this !! What have they been smoking ?? Can you use this cash infusion to refund those of us who want out? This isn't even a product I'd use anymore. Armen, We are not going anywhere ! Can you at least let the people who you took cash from know what is going on ? We have waited patiently for months for this update only to be let down again. I noticed you logged in on the 6th, so why not post "Something". This is officially the worst KS campaign I have backed but you guys don't seem to care and that speaks volumes. Take time to consider the legacy you are leaving. The longer you keep silent the more trouble you are going to cause yourselfs. But they already knew what the big news was! So, here it comes folks ............ @kev Can I file a complain from abroad? It's 4:03 PST and I thought I'd check in to get my humor for the day? guess what No Update, This is perfect and exactly the behavior @ Kevin needs to continue the support from the rest of the Backers. Please file a claim through the California State AG's office @ Kevin has provided the information in past posts. I should have claim information for Washington States AG's office next week. I also would like to go to our Local Media News Channel to see if I can prompt a Ask Jessi to track these Dogs Down! I know there are many of you that still are hoping for these Scammers aren't scamming. I truly hope you optimistic backers are seeing these Creators for what they truly are. Remember that they took over 68,000 from all of us with not once accountability for the funds stolen!!!! I say stolen as that's what they did!!! They will not offer any documentation for the use of our funds and not once have they ever showed us a product. What they've done is a crime and I'm to the point of perusing and seeing them get prosecuted for the crime they've committed here. They illegally extorted over $68,000 dollars from all of us!!! They lie, lie lie and even lie after they lie!! It's crazy is all I can say!! These scammers think that we're all a bunch of idiots and for those that don't get behind the campaigns being formed against these guys are a bunch of idiots!! Once again I want to thank @ Kevin for keeping a full court press on these scammers!!! It's time we all come together to go after these scammers!!! You would think Armen and Garlen Khachatourian would be ashamed, humiliated, embarrassed at the way they have treated us backers. Armen and Garlen Khachatourian you are pure garbage. Plain and simple. Just look at today... it's late in the day and still no update. what lack of respect you have for the people who gave your project life... you are thieves plain and simple. ~2:30pm and no update... I hope the update (if it ever comes) will include refund options... In Glendale, CA it's just 11:37 am... im pretty sure that the most people there are still sleeping :D But in the next 12,5 hours, i want an update, i cant understand that the creators doesnt want to communicate with their bakers. In this situation i would be ashamed... Here in germany, companies with such behavior would get visited by the local commercial supervisory office (German: "Gewerbeaufsichtsamt")... Vertus, were waiting! Regards from Germany Sascha Guys this update will be no better than the rest..if we even get one today The only actions to be taken now is to contact the attorney general of California and make them aware of this project. Sooner or later they will be held accountable for their actions Still waiting on that update. Way overdue now. I agree on this product being outdated now. I really wish I would have had it when it was a whole lot more relevant. Not sure where I will use this now. I, too, would just love a refund. @thomasbassett; I agree with your deflated enthusiasm, to a point. I've completely soured on technology projects like this one. All the other projects I've backed have eventually delivered, most having the decency to throw an update or two the backers' way. Should this thing ever materialize, I'll use it. Outdated, sure, but still useful. I mentioned it in the comments before, but I should have known this was going to be a disaster when the prototype pictures they showed had the vertus plugged into a Jawbone Jambox. Like someone would buy this thing to make a bluetooth speaker more bluetooth. That's like putting a suitcase into a suitcase. At this point I just want my money back to put toward something that really exists. Waiting for update .... 2 days left @thomasbassett: it is a shame when one poor project had such an effect on your enthusiasm for the crowd-funding concept. KS are certainly a completely useless toothless tiger, happy to be complicit in crimes against crowdfunders, never had any joy trying to deal with them. HOWEVER: I have been fortunate to have been involved in some excellent projects; good concepts/communication/follow-thru/product and post-KS success. These include Keysmart, Porthole, FoldableMe, Acme Poster, The Square, AmberRix Dice, Morbid Anatomy, Tibolt, Kinetic Creatures, several playing card projects, Pebble (sort of), Makey Kit, Timelapse, Michron, Auris , amongst others. It can be done! Of 60 projects I have backed, perhaps 6 or 7 have been complete duds. Even some of these still surprise (Cryptrade, after going off the radar for a couple of years, are now promising refunds...) Don't let one bad project deprive you of the pleasure of supporting other good ones. Shame KS organisation itself is pretty hopeless though..... i have asked KS to comment but not holding my breath i don't trust them any more than i trust the vertis gang we need to exit this as an entire group and close the book of course its obvious we all have access to planet wide social media and I'm not going to be slow in giving the facts when invited the referee left the field a year ago the backers in the uk are also wondering why KS hasn't chimed in? this is obviously the very project that had them niftily change the rules and to be honest I'm fed up with the upbeat attitude when projects like this have ruined my hopes this community funding would lead to integrity and business ethics i have no idea why these people are still here ... KS should black list them publicly and apologise and we all move on this project will be vinyl record technology by now and i have no interest in carrying on the journey with numb heads nor receiving anything now the core is rotten and KS have helped this concept to its knees i intend to delete the app and find new adventures this one is tired and worthless as long as one disheartening project exists without comment from those that are in charge this concept based of trust is without worth im out of here ill never back another project under the KS flag again @ steve: "I think I'll say something about major advancements and maybe some issues with suppliers that will cause delays. I'll wing it." AHAHAHAHA thats pretty funny. Seriously.... I want this update, "Thursday, 23 May 2013 - Set sail from the port of Los Angeles with our ideas and mock ups heading for China. Monday, 3 June 2013 - I should probably be keeping more regular updates in this log, but whatever, nobody really reads these updates anyway. Not like anyone might get mad at me. We've been at sea for 11 days now and should be reaching China soon. I hope we're going the right way. I sure thought this would be easier, but with the money we're saving, we can make some cool changes to Vertus. Friday, 21 June 2013 - Wow, I don't know what happened, we should have been there by now. Looks like we may have to rethink this whole thing for future changes to Vertus. Maybe take a plane next time...... nah! Thursday, 4 July 2013 - Finally, we're in China and I can get the first update out after funding. I think I'll say something about major advancements and maybe some issues with suppliers that will cause delays. I'll wing it. Monday, 8 July 2013 - Back at sea for the voyage home. Made some progress in China, but it looks like our bluetooth module we were planning to use won't work. Looks like we'll have to talk across the country when we get back to find a new supplier. Oh well, not like we have to have this thing shipped by any certain date, we can just push it back as far as we want." Or something along those lines. @ Wannes :No they are rowing the boat to China themselves !! Saves on cost and who give a damn about how long it takes !!! Might also explain why they are unable to post an update on time !!! Are you using 30-day China Post Air Mail to send prototypes back and forth? I filed a complaint with the California attorney general today. If you would like to do the same, the website is: <url>����� but the positive is they are terribly consistent!!! You can set a clock to these guys!!! It's all so laughable!!! If there is a major good announcement, and the hounds are baying for blood, why not announce the major good thing (?world peace) right now to fill our hearts with joy, and fill in the trivial details on Sunday? Fellas? Hey all I can say is: you guys are very consistent absolutely laughable!!! Really just wait until the 5th now? Not even a peep of anything? Are you boys smoking Crack? There is your reality than the real reality of the rest of the World........hello......knock knock anyone home? Hahahah of course you didn't post an update today you bunch of frauds... Thanks corey... I do my best :) @Michael: It's completely free to file a case with the CA attorney general duh.... Michael, you should be nicer to kev - his posts are the only fun part of this project so far. I wish I had that much free time in my day. You remind me of the Mastercard commercials all you forgot was amount of money the court case is going to cost you= priceless $68,431 =Money taken by Armen and Garlen Khachatourian for this "project" 524 =Days since this "project" has started 410 =Days since promised reward date 110 =Days since last update 27% =Percentage of year we have not received an update 4 =Updates during funding period (30 days) 7 =Number of updates since (494 days) 0 =Questions answered by Armen and Garlen Khachatourian How can I get a refund? guys, cmon, lets look at the facts: 1. these guys didn't delivered. absolutely nothing. 2. they don't communicate with us like a real campaign manager (in a lot more projects that i've been to) is doing. 3. if they cared about us, they would have been transparent. they are not. they just keep on lying, making up stories and fairy tales. 4. this project is dead and i don't give a dime about the reward. i just wanna see them pay for the money the took and brought to justice, legally of course. 5. the fact that they started to be afraid of Kev, and "lawyer up" is because he's pressing all the right buttons. he should be thanked. 6. have you seen the latest south park episode? it's purely about them :) 7. there is no update 12#, just another poorly shot picture and schematics. @alex; Can you please let me know why this project is over 13 months late? I didn't think so. These guys have ignored ALL questions and have threatened to sue backers. Funny I don't see you calling them out like you are calling me out. You should be thanking me for not letting these two guys steal our money. When you take $68,431 there are rules that go along with it... and these guys have NOT followed the rules. Kickstarter even agrees with me but can't really do anything about it. Alex if you think this has been a properly run campaign you are the one who "clearly has some issues" @Alex: a good update today would certainly help. Regular updates and answering genuine questions would also help. Whilst I don't have Kev's tenacity, passion or fire for going after what has been, in my experience, not a great campaign, I also know if nobody speaks up, projects will meander and self-implode to backers' detriment. Let's see what today brings! Look, I certainly agree the creators could be more transparent and should feel a little bit more responsibility in terms of communicating with us. However, Kev, has clearly got some issues. I mean come on, what sort of person really makes a delayed project a personal vendetta? He comments almost every day... Hooray! September 29 has ticked over where I live! Looking forward to update #12. Look forward to product details, improved specs, photos, accurate projected timelines, technology tweaks, working final prototypes, production completion announcement, pending shipping info, ? Vertus 2 in the pipeline, world peace, polar re-freeze, early retirement for me, South Sydney winning the Australian Rugby League Grand Final. Should be a great day! Kev, Thank you for creating the opportunity and for also doggedly persuing the creators of this project for some answers. Its about time KS started to listen to backers and make the creators more accountable. Backers expect to be kept informed. Most backers understand that a project will be delayed it's kind of an unwritten rule when backing a KS. Its when creators make false promises and treat there backers like mushrooms that there is a backlash. @frank.. . I thank you and all backers for filling out the survey and contacting kickstarter. It is because of your actions that kickstarter is acting and changing the rules on how projects are run. These two guys will never be allowed to run a kickstarter or any crowdfunding project again.... you can be sure of that. "Overall, despite the risks and challenges, we are very confident on meeting our expected delivery goal." YOUR WORDS VERTUS !! Doh ! A year on from that goal and they still dont have a estimated delivery time or even a decent excuse as to why !! Absolutely Hopeless. Start processing the refunds now Vertus and lets be done with your games. yes me to it was on wired the 29th september is not far away now we uk backers will also be filing here if this has gone west id normally let it go but not being up front and saying you've lost the plot is a miserable way to behave with backers part of being a backer is the journey together and you have certainly ribbed us if that i backed the vamp at the same time as this ... i use snd enjoy it everyday ill wait the week and talk to the backers here i was wondering about this very project when i read the new rules Just curious, did anybody who submitted a Project Feedback form in the past few weeks hear back from KS? I just noticed the email KS sent out updating their policies... That's the worst birthday present ever :( 90 days and counting since last update. Im away on vacation this week but as soon as I am back home I will be contacting the LA attorney general. I urge all backers to fill out the Kickstarter form i posted in the comments section below. Eventually these two will be held accountable for their actions and we might finally learn the full truth behind this project. Even now they ignore us.. Hey, maybe they are going to ship on the 29th so they are waiting to surprise us all with that update.......... Right guys? Maybe? Yeah, I know, probably not. Maybe they are going to have a big apology to post about how bad they are at communication and since they are so sorry, they are going to give us something free...... Yeah, I know, probably not. Vertus, its really not hard to communicate. This is the WORST project I've backed by far in communication. Every update doesn't have to be earth shattering. You can just post something small and let us know you're there and things are progressing. Why would that be so hard? Keep people in the loop. Answer some of the questions asked in all of the comments below. If you would just be more forthcoming with some simple details and updates, people wouldn't think you're holding their money hostage, like I do. Either give me a product or give me my money. Plain and simple. Not good enough Vertus. Why cant you tell us whats happening now ? Its been almost 3 months since the last updated ! Have you received the new board ? Are the packaging designs finished ?? Are you saying that you need more time to do this ?? Why the 29th Sep specifically for the update. IF YOU ARE NOT WILLING TO ANSWER ANY OF THE ABOVE THEN PLEASE REFUND ME AS I SIGNED UP TO BE PART OF THIS. NOT FOR YOU TO TAKE MY MONEY AND THEN UPDATE US WHEN YOU FEEL LIKE IT. Form submitted - Show solidarity and indicate if you have submitted form. Time for being reasonable ended a while ago. These guys should not have been allowed to create this kickstarter if they didn't want to follow the rules. They are horrible individuals who resort to threatening backers with lawsuits rather than produce the kickstarter product we backed. Based on their track record you can bet the "update" on the 29th will be as exciting as the last 3.. which is to say it won't be. All the negatives aside (it's understandable but not to the extent these became quite horrible) Anyway guys, good to see an assembled board. Bluetooth has evolved since you started and I trust this won't be covered, just looking forward to having this work out for all of us, you, the backers and the customer @Vertus - any clue when we will actually have a product in our hands? Updates are great and all, but all we care about is when this will end. @vertus - no one gives a sh1t. Your project is pathetic and your management of our money, our hopes and our trust is beyond disgusting. Why don't you find a mirror and have a look at a well-rounded loser? And then give us our fuc&ing money back and go climb back into the hole your crawled out of to begin with. PATHETIC. @scott: three weeks? More like 3 months. June 20th was the last official update. @Vertus - it has been over three weeks since your last update on where the project stands. When can we expect a substantive update that details where things are and where this is going? @michael: I've been doing all I can to make these two post... but they just don't want to. I've been contacting blogs and letting them know of this kickstarter. My next step is to contact the Attorney General of California. They have had every opportunity to post a status update on this project or atleast answer our questions. I don't know what is in their head or why they would treat us this way after we gave them $68K but either way I'm moving forward with my efforts. I'll post again when I email/send the letter to the attorney general. If any other backer is interested in doing the same information can be found here: <url>"foresee" @Vertus - can you give us some information of where things stand? What was the response from your conversation with the board producer three weeks ago? Have you spoken with them lately? Will this be the same producer when you go to mass production? Clearly the timeline you suggested previously is no longer realistic (shipping this month) - so what is the current timeline? Have you made any advances with the packaging? (You mentioned this in the June update) What are the current obstalces you forsee with the project? At least if you guys are working on stuff push updates or something way more. I feel like a guy paid a **** and she just walked out of the room and never came back. Is there a way to get our money back? 77 days and counting.... tick tock... As a reminder to all backers: please complete this survey kickstarter sent me regarding these two deadbeats: <url>"I do see that we've reached out to this creator in the past to remind them of their obligations, as well as our expectations regarding communication. I'm sorry they haven't yet responded to you and other members of their backer community. If you feel as though this creator has not made a good faith effort to complete their project as promised, we’d appreciate if you could share some feedback about your experience using our Project Feedback Form." <url>"say" they have spent fighting kev *snicker*, I think they could have found some time for updates and not had to deal with negative comments, or kev...I think any rational person would have at least provided substantive updates, assuming they were legit, were working on something they cared about, and wanted people to buy this after the KS is delivered. I have backed many many projects. The ones with little to no updates, or ones that all of a sudden go dark, are usually the ones that have little to no chance of delivering. I have 4 now that have failed to deliver. 2 admitted to it, one at least communicates are a monthly basis...though the update is not much....oddly enough more than here, and this one. I rank this as non-delivered mainly for two reasons, very very late (not unheard of for KS) and months between updates, weeks between comments, and none really have any substance. Sure, there is a tid bit here and there, but basically no real info. I'm just glad I was happy with the main offer, and didn't do add ons. I just send kickstarter and email. People do the same and hopefully we get our $$$ back. Beyond disappointed with this project. Since 12/23 here is the breakdown of the date of the updates and how long it took to get that update. As you can clearly see something is seriously wrong with this project. We've only had ONE update in the last 146 Days. That's ONE update in almost 5 months. I encourage all backers to email kickstarter and let me know Armen and Garlen Khachatourian are not fulfilling their kickstarter agreement by updating backers as to the current status of this project. <url>"we made a phone call." I worked that hard ORDERING A PIZZA LAST NIGHT. How can you claim to be "completely focused on completing the project" when all you can be bothered to do is make a phone call? Yawn. Wake up @Creators and put some more effort into making this thing work Will production still be commencing in Sep ? The point of posting updates is for two reasons. 1. Inform the backers of progress on the project. 2. Motivate the creators to make progress. Please provide CONTINUOUS updates (not just for milestones). This project sucks. Can't believe the lack of communication and poorly work ethic. @JJ Armen and Garlen Khachatourian still ignore us to this very day. I've said it before and I'll say it again... if ANYONE can tell me EXACTLY why this project is over a year delayed I'll stop posting. Fact is we don't know ANYTHING about this project... They have to know they are just jerking us around at this point.. But hey atleast they have time to threaten to sue me.. How great would that be... a creator suing backers for not being able to make their project as promised... I love the way the way "backers" are referenced by creators as a two group model. 1 the unhappy group and 2 the the happy group that needs protecting from all the "disrespect" they are getting from other backers, group 1. TRUTH - Its one group - all unhappy! we feel no disrespect except by creators and the lack of transparency and communication. Everytime you guys get pissed, you go around and saying "Numerous struggles". ENOUGH. If you're struggling with something, then you should: 1. SAY WHAT YOU'RE STRUGGLING WITH. 2. BE TRANSPARENT WITH YOUR BACKERS. And, for the god knows how many time, I WANT MY MONEY BACK. This is now what I've backed for, and frankly, I don't give a damn about your situation. You guys failed to deliever, period. Google + community has been created! I urge all backers to go and check it out.. I'll be adding information as I get it... <url>#communities/116621120946489079867 I've asked for a refund more than 5 times now. It's clear you read these comments and log on. Why can't you process my refund? Armen and Garlen Khachatourian: Please read and review this language from kickstarter: What should creators do if they're having problems completing their project? "If problems come up, creators are expected to post a project update (which is emailed to all backers) explaining the situation. Sharing the story, speed bumps and all, is crucial. Most backers support projects because they want to see something happen and they'd like to be a part of it. Creators who are honest and transparent will usually find backers to be understanding. It's not uncommon for things to take longer than expected. Sometimes the execution of the project proves more difficult than the creator had anticipated. If a creator is making a good faith effort to complete their project and is transparent about it, backers should do their best to be patient and understanding while demanding continued accountability from the creator" Armen and Garlen Khachatourian Do you really think you are doing the above???? @Stanley: Great comment... thanks for posting that. Let's hope Armen and Garlen Khachatourian understand what you are saying. Armen and Garlen Khachatourian: Correct me if I am wrong but no where in the latest threat against me did I see ANY update relating to this project. You have not provided ANY information to us backers and it is our right to know exactly where we stand at any point during this campaign. So far, it's been SEVENTY DAYS since your last update. You mean for the last SEVENTY days you couldn't post ANYTHING about the project status?? It only take mere minutes to do so... You can continue to threaten me all you like. So far we are 16 months into this project with no end in sight and no real status of where we are at.... So do what you must legally... and good luck with it. Armen, this entire situation boils down to a serious dearth of communication on your (collective) part. Every KS project is supposed to be a "we" that includes the creative team and all the backers. If you cut the communication, expect the torches and pitchforks. It's understandable for one to experience apprehension or shame when a project doesn't go quite as planned. The backers deserve far more credit. We understand that delays and setbacks happen. We just want to be in-the-know with truthful information. Going radio-silent for weeks does not help to endear us to the project's struggles. We can deal with bad news, so long as we feel part of it all. I, personally, would rather hear bad news than no news. At least it gives something real to discuss as opposed to empty nothingness. It shouldn't take more than 5, maybe 10 minutes to post a simple comment. Sure, updates may take longer, but no one has asked for more than touching base with us on a weekly basis (for the most part). That's all. You can (should) start now, because that's what we've been asking for - communication. I hate to break it to you, but, ultimately, backers and investors call the shots. You're worried, naturally, and you should be. Read this link: <url>"update" If a year delay and no communication isn't a HUGE red flag about the validity of this project I don't know what is. I think your pidgeon got lost guys ! Any chance you could use the more common modes of communication. Like picking up the telephone and calling someone ?? and then letting us know: what the hold up is ?, Why it takes over 2 months for 1 board ?? and for that matter why you made the decision to go down this route???. I know there is the cost but surely time has to be factored in. All good things come to those who wait, but I think most backers are at the point where they have waited long enough and need to start seeing you push this project over the line. It's now SEVEN DAYS since "We will contact the manufacturer tomorrow again " hows that going??? I didn't realize it takes a full week to contact someone.. are you sending message by courier pigeon? 68 days and counting since last update.... way to go Armen and Garlen Khachatourian!!!!!! I don't even know why I bothered to check the thread. I check a little less than once a month and it's frustrating every time. I'd say your manufacturer is taking you for suckers. They don't seem to interested in completing your order ever. At this point I feel confident saying that I've gotten more entertainment out of reading the shit show this comment section has become than I ever will out of the product. I agree they are behind but have any of you thought that it is about the disrespect that you are showing them As well. If they didn't have to be looking into lawsuits they would have more time to get things done. Since I'm hearing most of you have given up on them why don't you just stop posting and making this worse for the rest of us. I have never believed in something or someone so little in my life. Its not about the money or the project anymore. It is about the disrespect - about being taken for a ride. I will venture a guess, if the project was to be completed, at this pace, it could be - shipping in May 2015. Well what else is left to do? When even the prospect of hoping that this project materializes sounds funny thinking about, and writing about it. Thanks, please let us know what you find out. Please answer the following questions: 1) Please publish a use of funds statement. You think legally you don't have to and it just proves the lack of respect you have for your backers. 2) Please publish a video showing a fully working current prototype. NOT the prototype from a year ago. Not doing this makes it look like you have NO working CURRENT prototype. 3) What are the plans to produce the final product. You have not published any update that outlines your plans 4) Why is this project 1 year late? 5) Why have you gone back on your kickstarter promise of publishing two week updates? 6) Detail your partnership that you vaguely spoke about almost a year ago. What is the current status with it? Good news everybody!!! Armen and Garlen Khachatourian are going to contact the manufacturer!! how lucky we are. Armen and Garlen Khachatourian stop this nonsense. It's been 60 days since you last vomited an update. And now you say you are going to "contact" the manufacturer... It's obvious you could care less about this project and the backers. And as you can see more and more backers are calling you out on it. Every day that goes by just proves Armen and Garlen Khachatourian are not being honest with us backers. They still will not answer ANY question about this project.... Does anyone really know why it's 15 months and counting and we still have no product? I sure don't.... If you do please let me know. And another week passes with nothing from Vertus. 7 Weeks from last update yet they seem happy to sit around and wait for something to happen. These guys couldn't manage a piss up in a brewery. What is going on ? Are you running this project at the weekends only ?? Where is the latest board (Still in China) when can we expect production to start. Where are the packaging samples and WHY has this project taken so long ??? I'm rarely commented and checked on funded Kickstarter project. However, this project is seriously delayed, and so many other product now have this functionality. Can you please do the right thing and maybe offer a refund for someone who cannot wait any longer? It has been more than 1 year delayed, which is way longer than any Kickstarter project I've ever backed (more than 25 project so far). Armen and Garlen Khachatourian, would you like to answer Jollin's question? It's only been SIXTY days since your last "official" update (if you can call it that). Jollin- Armen and Garlen Khachatourian logged in today but unfortunately didn't want to answer your or any or our questions. At this point you/we can only speculate as to why they won't answer our questions or give us an update on this project...but it looks like you have it covered :) what is going on with this project? Another failed kickstarter project. I am inclining only frauds create projects on here i'll stick with indiegogo. This user's account has been deleted. So what's going on with the lawsuit against these two for failing to make good? At least Kev is giving me something to read. I come here in hopes to read something from Vertus. But since that is very rare since this project has been funded, I'll just read whatever is in the comments section. Which right now, the star of the show is Kev. I would like for Vertus to step up and be the star of their own show. From what I've seen, Kev is trying to push Vertus to come back to the spotlight. I give him props for still trying to see something from Vertus as most have given up. That's right mikey keep attacking me while begging for updates. How's that going for ya? Vertus, any chance of an update on progress, or any new information at all. Kev we're sick and tired of your posts you aren't helping anyone and if you would do something other than count days between updates you might have made back the money you invested in this already. and Armen and Garlen Khachatourian logged in today but rather hide from the truth than post an update. @frank: It's now 53 days since the last official update. The last update before that was 60 days and now we are 53 days into this one.. Armen and Garlen Khachatourian It's time to come clean with this project and tell us the truth. SHOW US YOUR WORK IMMEDIATELY. you can threaten to sue us all you want.. but that still doesn't excuse your behavior on this project. And another week passes with nothing from Vertus. 7 Weeks from last update yet they seem happy to sit around and wait for something to happen. These guys couldn't manage a piss up in a brewery. What is going on ? Are you running this project at the weekends only ?? Where is the latest board (Still in China) when can we expect production to start. Where are the packaging samples and WHY has this project taken so long ??? @frank: Armen and Garlen Khachatourian are pretty much the opposite of what kickstarter is about. We have not had open dialogue since this campaign ended. We all know by now they refuse to answer our questions... Anyone can see that by just reading this very message board. It seems like they rather threaten their backers with lawsuits than get this project finished. I've asked for a working prototype to be shown... don't you think that's a fair request given it's over a year and we have no viable evidence this thing exists other than a year + old video shown at the beginning of the campaign??? but keep ignoring us Armen and Garlen Khachatourian... keep ignoring us. Get your finger out Vertus. This project has went on long enough. Yet you seem happy to sit around waiting for things to happen. MAKE THEM HAPPEN. I for one am fed up waiting around for something to happen with this project. Where is the latest prototype ? Whats happening with the add ons ?? Where are the packing ideas ??? This thread is a downer. Juan it doesn't matter what I pledged. The creators of this project have not been held accountable for their ineptness at running this project. We are over a year late and not one real explanation why. If you are fine with their lack of answers good for you But I am not and I'm entitled to keep asking them until they are answered. They certainly have every opportunity to answer my questions but choose not to... Kev's comments are funny. Did you pledge your life savings? You're awfully persistent with your negativity. @howel: I agree with you. I also don't like having my money lost. The LEAST these two can answer my questions. They say they have but they haven't. If you can find where they did I'll give you a shiny nickel. @Vertus i only check back every couple weeks, 'cuz I know not much will be here. I was surprised to see some information in your comments here. Given the lack of info, it's nice to see an improvement on replies. More of this would be much appreciated. @kev, ok, you are pissed off, well all get it. Posting every day, or seems like it, really doesn't help. One, if the creators don't care, you are just wasting your energy. Two, it's unlikely things will change. I am not saying to not complain, just that the frequency is a bit much. I'm not pleased either, but options are limited. Armen and Garlen Khachatourian: "and we are on track toward fulfilling the project' and what exactly is this track? You are ONE FULL YEAR LATE. That's not exactly on track is it? It is certainly within you right to ignore a backers questions. But don't be surprised when people start questioning the validity of this project because of it. Armen and Garlin Khachatourian: You've ignored my questions for the better part of a year. Please answer the following questions: 1) Please publish a use of funds statement. 2) Please publish a video showing a fully working current prototype. NOT the prototype from a year ago. 3) What are the plans to produce the final product. You have not published any update that outlines your plans 4) Why is this project 1 year late? 5) Why have you gone back on your kickstarter promise of publishing two week updates? 6) Detail your partnership that you vaguely spoke about almost a year ago. What is the current status with it? We all want you to succeed. But unfortunately you have been deceptive with us since this project has ended. We did the right thing and backed your project. Don't you think its time to did the right thing and answer our questions? As you can read below I am not the only person raising the validity of this project. If you answer these questions you will gain back some of the backers trust you lost over the last year. I also suggest you start doing weekly updates to keep the backers trust. Even if it is nothing to report... just say something. @frank: Did you notice how they made it look like they are the victim's in this? "we have already lost a lot of money on this project" They have been asked time and time again to publish a use of funds statement. They refuse to comply. Not only are they cheats, the comments posted below by Scott prove they are liars as well. Backers file an official complaint here: <url>"oversees"[sic]? Also where is the "rigid" timeline referenced below? Vertus Previous Updates: August 2013: "After having a lot of issues with our Chinese Bluetooth supplier and their Bluetooth module, we saw the urgent need to change our Bluetooth supplier. As a result, we started working with an industry respected American Bluetooth supplier for more than a month now and who promised us a rigid timeline and the highest quality Bluetooth experience designed and engineered in USA." November 2013: "We promised you that Vertus will be a premium audio product and to follow that promise, it is very challenging to design a motherboard to house all the needed components in a very small space while eliminating noise issues and because making motherboard prototypes in USA costs a lot and also takes time, even though much less than oversees, we want to achieve a perfect working prototype on the first run and proceed to production right after." To all Backers: I urge you to file an official complaint here: The website is: <url>"proprietary mechanical detection". Is it really necessary? Why isn't the charging being done through the battery pack connection or the USB port? How about a video showing the earlier prototypes working? I do not expect flawless, but I do expect results. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Its been over a month - how about an update? It's safe to assume at this point they scammed us. No comments... No updates... Avoiding our questions... all sings of a fraudulent kickstarter. I think that by the time Vetrus will release their product, Bluetooth Technology will be at ver.8 ^^ @Addam Campbell [Bluetooth]^2 Technology xD Advanced feature speculation: the ability to make an already Bluetooth speaker more Bluetooth. Evidence being that the use the Jawbone Jambox in their pictures. (Yes, I realize they're probably going for the multiple unit stereo setup feature, but still) @Andrew the advanced features are the ability to make your money disappear Oh Andrew... haven't you seen by now you won't get any answers from these two? @Vertus : Update 10 says you guys hope to begin assembly in September, but earlier stated that you hoped to have the design finalised by June. Given that you have not received the final prototype yet are you plans to assemble in September now also being pushed back? Your comments suggest that you've got a bunch of advanced features packed into the Vertus now - can you elaborate on what these features are? And maybe well read about a court case someday This project will be studied in intro to marketing classes in college as the perfect example of how not to run a PR campaign lol, artists is a much bigger compliment for these two. @divir because they are scam artists. Scam artists don't have to follow kickstarter rules or answer any backer questions. <url>"Happening"asking for stories worth sharing: Have a story, a photo, or a video about a project you want to share with us? We'd love to see it! Share them with us here: <email> Who's the most eloquent among us? Anybody want to share our story? *wink wink nudge nudge* @evan: you are actually asking questions that are worthy of a real project creator. These two are not so you won't get real answers. I mean look at that totally PR answer they gave you yesterday. No one asked them for that answer... we asked for other questions to be answered but they ignore them... and I noticed they logged in again today!! Hi Armen and Garlen!! We're still here! @Vertus Audio I respect that you guys want to make a great product and want to take the time you need to do so, but my prediction was based on the fact that you guys haven't mentioned the charging station, adapters, or add-on battery packs that many backers pledged for. Are you working on them alongside the Vertus prototype board? Do you have enclosures and parts for them yet? Or are you waiting till after prototyping and production of the Vertus is complete? Either way, everything needs to be completed before shipping out backer rewards, you can't just send out part of what was pledged for. Some info shining shining light on the other aspects of the Vertus would be great :) Oh and you can keep on ignoring me all you want... as you can see I'm not going anywhere. Guys: Are you reading this same garbage that I am? They don't post for over a month and this is what they give us? No use of funds statement... No working prototype video... no real video of anything... no timelines.... Aremen and Garlen you are complete scam artists. It's pretty apparent you won't ever be honest with us about this project. You said it would take 3 months to complete... and here we are going on 12.... you don't even have the decency to give us daily updates (as promises) or answer our questions... Just stop it... Hey look! Armen and Garlen logged in again today!!! Hi Armen! Hi Garlen! still ignoring us? any money left or did you spend it all? Well over a year now since this project was successfully funded and still no even remote idea of a timeline for rewards. As others have mentioned, the technology in this product is already being sold by other companies and is going to pass this product by at this rate. For what it's worth, you should consider giving refunds. Do the right thing and take care of those who thought enough to take care of you. Legal action is already happening with other projects, hopefully things won't come to this. <url>"If the problems are severe enough that the creator can't fulfill their project, creators need to find a resolution. Steps could include offering refunds, detailing exactly how funds were used, and other actions to satisfy backers. " Aremen and Garlen by refusing to publish a use of funds statement is violating kickstarter rules.... and also showing all backers just what kind of people they are. @Nils: These two clowns stopped communicating with us when the campaigned funding period ended. They figured it would be best to take our money and not explain what they did with it. oh look... they logged in today again.. HI ARMEN! Hi GARLEN!! Still spending our money? crooks. Quote: "... will order the second and most certainly the final prototype board of the new Vertus which should be complete towards the end of June and after that we will order the production and start assembling in September and ship to our backers." So, is this new board tested/done/ready yet? Since there hasn't been an update I'm guessing it's not. Also, why would it take two months from a final prototype to start manufacturing? Some more information for us "generous backers" would be welcome. Scott: You've asked this what? a dozen times or so now and have not received an answer... do you think you will get one now? Don't worry though.. the universe usually balances itself out. @vertus - Two days ago I asked "Please post the projected timeline for this project." You logged in today - but no reply. Can you post an updated project timeline for your backers? Would love to see either a funds statement and a solid timeline, or a refund option... All the backers got burnt extra crispy by this project, seriously. Any chance I can get a refund? It's been over a year and the updates are pathetic(if there are any updates at all.) No we are stuck wating on this couple of losers actually producing something. By the time they acheive anything worthwhile the tech will be dead. How incompetent can these project creators actually be !!! We havn't even got to production where there are bound to be issues ! The thing that makes me laugh is these guys apparently had a 95% finished product and its taken them a year to complete the 5%. It will probably take another 2 years to arrange the production and shipping. Feckin Muppets ! Is there a refund option? There are lots of similar products off the shelf today. Refund ! Refund ! Refund ! Hey look at that.. Armen logged in today.. But no answers or comments posted... But who's surprised? I mean whats he going to do? Actually tell the truth and tell us our money is long gone.. Nah.. They rather hide like the cowards they are. @Richard: Agree completely. He totally outsourced this project and had no business starting this project. He's been nothing but secretive and combative with us backers since day 1. Even now, he refuses to take 2 minutes and address the growing sentiment that this project is a scam. Armen... post a use of funds statement.. refusal to do so leads us to believe you stole our money. Lets face it, they are never going to get a decent product together, they are way behind, the market is moving on. Armen is not an inventor just a chancer who outsourced it and messed up. There are lots of real inventors on Kickstarter with decent ideas and the skills and knowledge to really deliver. Armen is never going to give money back as he has probably spent it all, possibly on paying the outsource company or just spent the money to fund his life. @vertus - Please post the projected timeline for this project. how to refund??? I need get back my money. This is a scam, I thinks we must contact with police @kev I've backed 10 projects, and this is the only one that hasn't delivered. Firefly, while missing original the deadline, maintained tons of meaningful updates. Thermodo might as well have scammed people (Android users, at the minimum), because the final product is junk - more toy than tool. The Vertus clowns won't deter me from future KS projects, but will encourage me to "dig in and grill with questions" in the comments section before committing more than a $1 pledge. @Stanley: To me, Vertus and Hotwatch are both kickstarter failures but for different reasons. Hotwatch was so gung ho about hitting their deadlines that they overreached on their deadlines. When they started to get in over their heads they stopped communicating with the backers and here we are 7 months from their original shipping date. But they are working towards a real product and it still could end up ok.. Now Vertus, on the other hand, had NO business starting this kickstarter. They have no idea what they are doing and had no problem taking our money and running. There is no timeline and not one piece of real communication from these two. In my opinion they are your basic kickstarter frauds. In the end I had to stop backing projects.. kickstarter doesn't care what happens once they get their cut and I've backed too many duds. @Howeln If the brothers did indeed speak with a lawyer about defamation, I would assume they were also instructed to not set any new dates or deadlines. If they did, it might constitute as some continuing "paper trail" for accountability. But who knows. @kev I just noticed that you're a hot watch backer. I don't know what those guys did to screw up so badly. When I interviewed them (CEO and VP sales/marketing, was published a couple weeks before the campaign ended), they were totally gung-ho about having manufacturing partners set up and meeting the shipping deadline. I wonder if ambition exceeded ability, and the current 7-month "delay" is really just status-quo for "debugging" the product, as it were. @Richard going for the carrot approach :-) Basically, regardless of who asks or how, they don't reply. I'm surprised when someone below mentioned they log in every day....can't image why. They don't leave any feedback, not appear to use any constructive feedback in those few updates presented, thus, not appearing to even have read them. If they do read them.....lets just say few are encouraging. @Evan. mmm, good question. Maybe those will be another 2 year effort. @dpqb: Thanks for the link... Looks good to me. It's pretty obvious where we are at with this project.... he took our money... and that's that. It's time to look into alternatives Well, this is old tech now. <url>"good people" wouldn't treat us backers they way they have in the last year. These two are far from "good people" Hey so I know you are dealing with all the KS backers being angry and all, and I would like to believe you are making an effort to get these bluetooth modules to us before Christmas, but can you provide a new timeline? The project is obviously waaaaaaaaaaay overdue, but I would like to still believe in you. Client communications is a huge deal when working on projects like this. I'm able to overlook the severe oversight with deadlines but you need to work on comms. There's no reason we shouldn't know what your company is up to, especially since the product is more than overdue. Take more responsibility in handling your KS, I would like to believe you are good people. Please give refund this is getting out of hand we want to back legit projects that deserve our backing ??? I hate to even bring this up at this point, but all we've seen so far is prototypes for the housing of the Vertus Receivers. Are you guys working on the Charging Station and Battery Pack add-ons? Or will that be after the receivers are functional? has anyone received a refund? i've sent a couple of messages asking for a refund, which have been ignored. @cesar: We all want refunds now. Armen and Garlen CAN give refunds, but refuse to. I've asked numerous times. Hey Armen and Garlan: I know you read these comments since you log in every day... so I'll just say this... more and more backers are calling you out and you just ignore them. Do you really think people will trust your product if it ever reaches the market based on this kickstarter? Most people will come here before they buy your product and they will see your behavior. I guarantee once they review this project they will just click off your product and move along...If you were only more honest and open and answered our questions you might have had a chance selling this to market... but not now.. I Want a refund So my comment below was removed by kickstarter... hey kickstarter: Why don't you start getting involved in projects that have NEVER answered ANY backer questions... how about you start getting involved in projects that have no end date.. how about you start getting involved in projects that refuse to comply with kickstarter rules (not publishing use of funds statement) We will be lucky to see anything before Oct/Nov. 18 Months on from when the project funding was succesful. What a joke. Its clear the creators are well out there depth and KS would be doing well to remind themselves that projects like this one are not good for their reputation either. Yet they always side with the creator. thank you This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Actually, if you reread through the updates (they are not long), they are kinda funny (late last year they were planning to go to production, next update, we have a bare prototype board :-), this of course is assuming one is still not working through the first few stages.....I've moved on to stage 5 a couple months back, as the amount of money I spent is not worth my time for worry and stress. Disappointed, sure, but I've learned you can't easily push a rope, nor teach a pig to sing. And you can't flog a KS project into success, especially if they are not listening anyway. @corey: yet another out and out lie (in my opinion!!) Vertus Audio on May 29 "We are going to post a detailed update on June 19 which would include some technical explanation and summary of the testing and troubleshooting process, new pictures of the upgraded enclosure, a video showing the board mounted in the new enclosure, and a proposal for the design of the packaging." What happened to all of that? Armen: This update was 70 days in the making and it's completely lacking in content. 1) There is no updated timeline posted... 2) Please take a new video with you holding the enclosure. 3) Since this project is over a year late I request AGAIN a use of funds statement. You are required to publish on if you are encountering problems with this project. I also want to know why you don't answer our questions or requests. We have asked for reasons why you are a year late on this project. You have ignored us every step of the way and have eroded all goodwill and support for you and this project. @Garlen @Armen - In my opinion your update doesn't tell your backers anything we didn't already know about the project. Also - shouldn't the video show the product working in a non-bluetooth speaker? Do you have a video of the product working? Of your testing? Something that shows the product's advancement over the last 13 months? and Armen just logged in.... no comments.. no update... Frank: I'll look into that as well.. I am about to file a complaint with the BBB... we have to do everything we can not to get ripped off by these guys Thanks Kev, I have also filed a claim through my Credit card provider. I suggest others do the same or whatever they can to get their money back. t is pretty damn clear the Khachatourian Bros could not give a flying F@!k about the 1,000 backers that pledged their support. There is no excuse for communicating with backers,even if its a short note to say they are running late for whatever reason. See you in court Armen. Guys: I will be filing an official complaint with the California Department of Consumer Affairs this morning. I urge all backers to do the same. You can do it online and it's pretty easy to do. You do need a phone number and address in order to file the form, which I do have. Let me know if you guys need it. <url>"Where in the world is ARMEN Sandiego?" It makes me feel better, anyway. 3 days left until the next exciting update... ...I'll probably read it. Seriously though, can I back a KS project for a new Rockapella compact disc? This situation isn t normal !!! We want all explanations about this one !!! To who it may concern i feel that Kickstarter should intervene to protect myself and other backers, Kickstarter should put in place measures to insure that backer either receive there items or a full refund if the creator fails to honour their pledges. i feel that if this does not happen kickstarter will start to lose backers like myself and in turn lose revenue. All the best Darren damn another rip off product on kickstarted that i have backed... not good kickstarted needs to start taking responsibility or they will end up with us folks will to support and back new projects. the CEO of kickstarter is a joke...what is he actually doing to do to ensure we aren't ripped off? absolutely nothing.. kickstarter doesn't even have a phone number for backers to call. Email responses are generic form letters. As these failures pile up the popularity of sites like kickstarter, indigogo, etc will fall. The interview itself wasn't too bad. Atleast the host asked him about the process and how they police projects. The bottom line is kickstarter is a joke when it comes to backer support. he is right about one thing he said.. it is definitely up to us to police our projects. Interesting interview with CEO and co-founder of kickstarter on KCRW. Interesting meaning completely disheartening. This guy sounds like an ass, and basically I don't want to use kickstarter anymore if this guy is one of the heads of kickstarter. Has some disappointing but relevant info on some of our problems here. <url>"paperwork" please let me know. The update he said he is going to post on 6.19 will determine if we have to go to this option. If we all do these options, we will make some noise and hopefully some type of resolution on this poorly managed project. I see I'm not the only one that haven't receive the product. Can Kickstarter themself do nothing about this? @kev reading your comments and I want to know what we can do to get this project to send our product or report this to who (ever) we need. Thank you. Update please. @kev I agree about moving forward on this issue. I have 5 projects that's been over a year without delivery and I'm tired seeing people get our money for nothing. We believe in these projects and the creator just seems to not care. So disappointing PS- Armen continues to log in daily, but has not posted ANYTHING about this project. What a complete lack of respect for us backers. Why does he even log in if he doesn't even comment? Armen... .I am officially asking again for a refund of my pledge because you are a joke and should have never started this kickstarter. I called for an audit of funds as well... which is required per kickstarter rules, but Armen has ignored my request. Right now Armen is a complete fraud and should have NEVER started this project. He has never spoken to our questions and has never really spoke to us DIRECTLY. He always talks through us and not AT us. If the next update is a bust, we as backers really need to start thinking about what to do next. Absolutely awful. Again the updates are more talk and more delays in providing substance. Since my last post, you responded 2 weeks later that you would provide details on June 19th. Sorry, but the details need to be done now, or I cannot believe one word of any further updates. As a project manager, a weekly update with specific details to the problems are considered a normal update. We, your backers and customers, want solid answers for simple reasons. We want to trust but verify. Anything short is just smoke and mirrors. Also, provide your rough component list of parts so we can see if this device is more than vaporware. I am calling for an audit of all work and funds spent. If you want to convince people this is more than a sham, you need to get some specifics released. Don't tell me there is a technical issue, describe it so we can judge it for the delays we are experiencing. "We have one goal, and it is to show our backers that we would never stop until we see them happy and satisfied with their experience with Kickstarter and Vertus Audio" Comic gold guys, hahahahahahaha :P If testing of the first board is complete. Why is a second required ? Surely if you have taken care of all the problems on the first board then the 2nd prototype is just overkill and another unnecessary delay. hey look at that.. armen logged in today but felt no need to address our concerns/questions.. what garbage Second prototype? How is it that you're taking substantially longer to get to production than your estimated delivery date? You're going to be a year overdue if it ships this August. That in and of itself wouldn't be too big an issue for me if you had constant updates explaining where the project was at. It's also a little galling that your projected delivery was 3 months, but 10 months later you're not even at the production stage - how were your calculations so far out? he's a fraud... no doubt about it. @Vertus My faith is shattered. I was supportive, I tried to encourage the process, I stayed positive, but after all this you believe that we deserve an update almost 3 weeks from now? Bad move...very disappointing.. JUNE 19th, WTF Just stop lying to us. It's time to refund people please.......... oh... and I'm not sure this means anything at all.. but the Khachatourian brothers ran an indiegogo campaign that failed to meet it's goal.. it ended a month before they started this campaign... and it was for a Bluetooth speaker... go figure. <url>"proves" he is "working" on this project.. because on 5/10 he said as long as he is "working" on this project he can't be sued... so my guess is in his mind as long as he's saying anything.. no matter what it is... he is covered legally. To put it more simply, how much time have they spent on legal options vs putting aside an hour or two every couple weeks to put out an update. Mind blowing concept I know. Their quarterly updates, assuming they are legit, are akin to news releases from a company on product dev. i.e. no real info, other than a cursory discussion of what they have done the last quarter. And enough fluff/lack of details, that one without any knowledge what so ever could have written it. At first, their promises (similar to this last one) of detailed updates lead me to believe I would actually find something....detailed in the update. They are so superficial, that I'm not sure if it's worth the update.....other than that they have that rare update that says they are still alive. While I will hold out hope this update will have substance, I'm going to assume it will be like all the others where there is no substantive information. @ Vincent. I'm sorry but to be Frank ! one little comment saying that they will make up for all the previous failures does not merit immediate forgiveness. Not in my book anyway. Vertus need to step it up and start actually delivering on their promises and showing hard evidence that they are doing what they say they are doing. When this happens then they have earned the right to an easy ride. Until then please refrain from attempting to censor the people who have an equal say in what they believe should happen. @ Vincent I will "Give it a rest" when the following is done: Armen Khachatourian posts visual proof that he is working on this project Armen Khachatourian details how he is using our fundsand how much $$ is left Armen Khachatourian tells us why this project is so late Armen Khachatourian details this mysterious partnership he mentioned If they "exited" kickstarter, lawsuits would be filed.. Kev, give it a rest, please. I'm not happy with the delays either but if they can still manage to deliver a functional product, then great. I'm surprised at their tenacity, to be honest. If they are scammers, they would've just exited KS altogether and you'll get not a peep from them. You are so full of Shi*. UPDATE US NOW. Why do we have to wait another THREE WEEKS? You are late by a full year... STOP STALLING Over the last year Armen Khachatourian has done everything to avoid showing us progress on this project. We're only a few months away from being a full year late on shipping and we are no closer to the truth than last August. Eventually this situation will come to some type of conclusion.. and that includes legal action Technically, and I should say I'm not at all holding my breath here, they did say a new update was expected around the end of May, ok, stop laughing. (that May 10 comment from them about all the legal stuff). Who knows, maybe we will hear something soon. That all said, their lack of updates encourages all the comments, and does not inspire any confidence. And with that, the deserve the outcome. Assuming they are legit, it would have benefited them to take the time to provide valuable updates, and saved the time and aggravation to deal with the justifiable outrage. They seem to either be oblivious to the fact that updates would help them, or they are hiding....what ever it is. I've had a reasonably happy experience with KS, though 3 projects, this one included, have left me much more cautious....which it valuable in and of itself. A cheaper lesson would have been more ideal. :-) At least the other two were willing to at least say they messed up. WOW, yet another product I have invested in going no-where. I finally read the May 10 post. Sheesh, truth hurts, when they are defensive and spending our investments on attorneys instead of giving us a real friggin update, they waste their time posting a bunch of legal mumbo-jumbo that means NOTHING!!! PROVE US WRONG, update more often, which is required instead of a refund, reading the legal BS you send us. It seems like every project I have ever funded has successfully funded but they aren't giving us what we paid for! REFUNDS PEOPLE. REFUNDS!!! I'm done with Kickstarter. It was a good run — I had fun. @Vertus - what is the current timeline for updates on the project's progress? Either in the Comments or Updates section? Additionally, what is the current timeline for progress? How long will it take for the new board to arrive? How long to assemble the new board? Testing? Mass production? How confident are you the new board will be the final board? Some news please !!!! Consider Armen's last post was on 5/10 and was about how he was going to sue me, I seriously doubt he cares about this project. Nice post Josh. Maybe if Vertus were to provide a little more reason for the "unfortunate errors" which have caused the delays then people are likely to lay off, but they wont and backers are left to ponder. Vertus hire someone to do your communications as it is very clear you are not whats needed here, While your at it, get an accountant who can show us clearly what our donations have been spent on thus far ? and whats left to carry the project to completion. So over it. Nice post Josh. Very altruistic, and perhaps a little naive. But yes, peace, brother; and some happy vibes to Vertus as well! My glimmer if hope remains. And I agree, Mr Page's nasty little post could probably be removed without any great detriment to this thread - how about it KS? He doesn't respond to anything. I private mailed him here on kickstarter and he ignored it. I doubt he would respond to any facebook emails.. especially since his facebook page is a shell page and doesn't have any active activity. Hello - has anyone tried reaching out through Facebook to him, his brother, friends, family? Maybe there are reasons not mentioned here that could be the cause of all this. I am trying to stay POSITIVE! Its getting very hard... Good post Josh... unfortunately Armen Khachatourian will never address your issues. He's ignored all of our questions since the day this project was funded. Why would he start being honest now? He will not post a use of funds statement.. he will not tell us why this project is one year late... he will not tell us where he is at currently... I can go on and on but the bottom line is Armen Khachatourian is a deadbeat project creator.. Armen Khachatourian... come out from hiding... address your backers.... more and more people are calling you out. I am hoping for an honest update from this project. News, may it be good or bad is still news for me. Happy anniversary everyone!! This has been quite the interesting experience I think we can all agree! As a student of product/industrial design, this has been a very insightful learning situation. Being apart of a backers community, I can see first hand what is necessary in a projects development to keep backers happy/keep the project running smoothly! I have been loosely following along with the comments from time to time, and things seem to be getting very heated! I can sympathize with all your frustrations as I feel them as well. At my school, they teach us the importance of tackling the unavoidable problems we undoubtedly face in design/life. What they teach us is that rather than coming onto a major problem and being stumped by it, Its best to try and work out a creative solution. Yet, there is never just one solution to a problem! And not one solution is always going to be 100 percent right! I don't know much about lawsuits, and refunds, and all the other things I have read in this comment feed. But I do know this: unfortunately, the @creators of this project have hit a considerable wall. We, the backers have lost faith in this project and would like to see an investment return. But the most disappointing thing that feel nobody wants fully admit, or come to grips with on either side, is that the money (68,000) is gone. We won't be getting it back. And maybe a lawsuit or some sort of reinvention of kickstarter terms and conditions is in major need. But for a moment lets set these problems aside. So here is where we start to tackle this problem creatively and collectively! Kickstarter is about crowd funding, which for this project, was successful, but in the respects of the creators. However it was unsuccessful for us, the backers! But what if we could, for this project specifically, all rise up in whatever ways we can, to help or aide in the completion of this project? Instead of crowd funding, how about crowd collaboration? Unfortunately, to me at least, it does not seem that the creators actually had that much technical knowledge of the product they wanted to create from the get go. Which I feel is what they are trying to hide from us. And this lack of knowledge is probably what caused all the delays in this project. Either this has been a bad attempted at an interesting idea, or an outright scam. But at this point, it doesn't really matter. I don't mean to be writing an easy, so let me keep this short. Basically, Armen and his Partner failed us. Sucks. But I think instead of fighting, and finger pointing, and threats, which feels like a dead end why don't we all try to come together and work this out? First clarity from the Armen is what we need. Clarity, and Honesty. I don't want to be lied to anymore. I want the full truth. @creator Is there such a thing as a Vertus? Do you actually have a product model worked out other than this idea which I am now feeling is all that we actually have up to this point. I think anyone can fake a circuit board with a aux plug in a matter a of a few seconds. I haven't really heard any sort of concrete information about what the hold up with development is, so lets hear it now. Just tell us, what is the real problem? Maybe some of the people who backed this project have some knowledge or knowhow to help work through some of these problems you the creators are having. Just be open with us! I Know I would love to offer any support or insight my limited school education has provided me. Like, where to get the cheapest metal stock and where the cheapest place to get it milled for the housings would be. Maybe someone else who reads these comments knows a thing or two about circuitry? Maybe someone knows something about Programing? The important thing I think is for you to just come forth and lay it out plainly what really needs to happen. Hopefully, its not so much as to be completely impossible to finish, but if nothing is actually been done, then don't be offended when people want to get their money back. Id however rather see this thing finished. So, Please! Let us know! Im willing to Listen, and ready to collaborate! And I think if you start being fully honest with us, your backers might be willing to help as well. But the next move is in your court. I would rather hear from you directly that this project is dead in the water, than to keep limping along with hope that things are actually going to come to fruition. Peace, Josh Wallace @Kev Too much paperwork and hands-on for that idea, although it's a good one. But I agree on greater accountability and repercussions, like maybe KS making project originators sign more documents to put the onus on them. But if funds were put into some escrow, then production can be delayed just to unlock those funds to use - not every successful project goes through such delays as this one. Many of them that do have WAY better communication, too. It takes less than two minutes to toss up a simple comment to address progress for a project. I'm probably ready for a refund by now. I've been patient enough, and I know they've been reading. Despite comments, they want to drive the bus with little regard for the passengers (us). More manufacturers of audio products are incorporating a stereo-pairing ability with two speakers. It's basically what Vertus is, except that Vertus can pair any brand. It won't be long before some manufacturer gets the same idea as Vertus, but makes it better, faster, and cheaper. @kickstarter - you need to remove the inappropriate comment below Dirt Bag Indians! @dqpb.. Yup.. one year tomorrow this project funded and Armen ran away from his promise of two week updates. Kickstarter has to get more involved with these deadbeat creators.. I think some type of escrow system should be put in place where the projects get paid at certain milestones rather than all at once. It's quite obvious this project is on life support and Armen has kept us all in the dark... way to go Armen. Tomorrow, Australian time, will be one year since the project was funded, LOL. I have given up all hope and have chosen to forget about this project. Funnily enough this was the first project I backed on Kickstarter. Had high hopes for this........ anyways @Alvin: it's unfortunate... but Armen has decided to do nothing to show the backers this product is being worked on. He rather threaten us with lawsuits than actually do the job we paid him to do. It is a simple question. As we the backers have paid good money, in good faith to assist you and your company to succeed in getting your company off the ground. What do you have to show. Are you going to fulfil the updates request. I have waited for one of the products that I have pledge for over 2 years. And it is coming along with updates and a final product. After lots and lots of challenges. So where is my pledge? Are we going to see a product? @scott next millennium lol @Vertus - what is the current timeline for updates on the projects progress? Either in the Comments or Updates section? Addtionally, what is the current timeline for progress? How long will it take for the new board? How long to assemble the new board? Testing? Mass production? Any updates? On anything please. Ideas, problems etc.., @Michael: I've reported this project yet again.. let's see what happens. Hey Vertus! how's that lawsuit coming along?? @ Vertus Also you've never responded to me directly and please reflect please reflect on the fact that complying with backers request is less time consuming and less expensive and shows effort and progress on your part. To me if I was truly moving forward would be a much better approach than mounting a legal team to sue your investors. I truly ask you to reflect on this. I've backed many projects and I know the difference between healthy communication with Backers and Unhealthy Communication with Backers. Posting a legal argument rather than posting a Video on product development and addressing the Backers seems to be a much more positive response, what's your thoughts on this Vertus? The photographs to me look computer generated, digital? Post several photos of project development? Offer us an itemized report on how our money has been invested. And reach out to me directly! I'm a very level headed individual that wants you to succeed! My pushback has been created by your Pushback to not want to comply. Im sure you've heard in your lifetime that Companies must resell their customers to keep them engaged and loyal to their brand? That's the bottom line here we all must be Resold! In doing so we're all asking for Video Evidence. Target resolved and Re-Sold their customers, by taking accountability and offering a token to say sorry? Netflix almost lost everything but due to them understanding that it's their customer support that will make them or break them decided to reach out to their customers, look at them now!!! Just reflect Vertus and do what you feel is best in the Long term success of your company? Also I'm not afraid of pursuing you. Also in the future contact me directly if you're planning on including me in some sort of frivolous lawsuit. Like I've said over and over, my intent is Two fold. My preference is to have Vertus Succeed. and until then see Video or actual photos of project progress (non-digal/computer generated) My second is to expose the Truth which is a default to my 1st Expectation not being met. Backers Update: Through the Advice of WA. ST. AG office it was suggested to reach out to Kickstarter. Here is my request/Email to them. I'll keep U posted in KickStarter response than the AG's response to their Response. Also Backers please do the Same as I've done/requested to do. The more we ask without compliance from Vertus or KickStarter the Stronger the Case will be. Also keep in mind compliance by Vertus and KickStarter puts this project back on track and all future legal pressures will subside!! My Goal is Two Fold, Vertus to be successful, i.e. until production offer us hard video proof monthly on progress and keep us firmly updated with a true account and Full Transparency or to Drag this Project out of the Dark and expose Vertus as for what it's been displaying on their own accord is..... a scam from day 1!!! My preference is to be 100% proven with show and put to a rest any possibilities of my second concern being false!! I truly and sincerely mean this!! Once again Vertus has control of outcome. Failure to comply with the Backers Requests will say enough for me!! Like I've said; I see better than I hear;-) Don't apologize for past just change the behavior moving forward;-) With each none compliance Vertus, you're moving yourself closer to the tipping point!!! Below is my Email to KickStarter per the Advice of Wa. State AG.: First of all I'm unclear on why the Report button has been removed from this project? We the Backers have hit a wall with this Creator. They only have 10 updates in over a year, violation? The backers keep asking for evidence that we haven't been scammed using Kickstarter as a front/platform. The reason this is a concern is since funded there has been a tremendous lack of communication and proof that the Creators are really doing anything with the 68,000 collected from the Backers. I've personally contacted Washington State Attorney General and they for sure have a concern about the rising problems in Crowd Funding Projects. They have also said that they will look into Vertus. They asked for me to reach out to KickStarter to see if you'd take a role in reaching out to Vertus asking them to please comply with Backers request of more and better communication as things seem to be reaching a boiling point due to none compliance of showing the Backers proof that something is really happening here? We the Backers would Like something like a video showing us the progress if Vertus. I have no doubt that if the Creators and Kickstarter refuse to comply with our simple request if video proof of progress and KickStarter lack of communication with the Creators on the severity of doing nothing that this is going to reach a tipping point that ultimately will be more pain than its worth, when a simple Letter to Vertus requesting that they comply with Backers Requests would at least be an attempt by KickStarter to take some sort of an active role in having a platform for Creators that decided to go radio silent regarding backers request. In KickStarter rules it's says that Creators must show/provide records of the progress and how the Creators have invested the money? We the Backers and through the consultation of the Washington State Attorney General Office is asking KickStarter to reach out to Vertus and ask them with the utmost respect to comply. The Backers have asked and got nothing from the Creators!!! We as Backers in Close truly do support Vertus and Truly want them to succeed. We also on the other hand don't trust that the Creators truly have intent deliver. This is a conclusion the Backers have come to due to the Creators Behavior and Lack of wanting to comply with the Backers very Simple Request. Please Advise on the Role KickStarter will take in Getting Creator to provide video evidence and/or for public record to the Backers a spreadsheet with receipts on how our money has been invested. If Creator/Kickstarter takes a passive role the Backers Requests than we'd like to request as well that the Creators offer full refunds to those thatwish to be refunded. Once Again this is a request to comply with Video Evidence of progress or Itemized proof of how our Money has been invested. This Request is to KickStarter and The Creators. Kickstarter is being asked for public record to reach out to Creators to Comply with Backers very simple Requests. Vertus has been a development for almost 13months now! The Backers have had 10 official updates. Creators are in violation of complying with monthly updates. Creators are also not communicating with Backers in a way which displays proper behavior in Creators that have intent on delivering on promises. Still waiting for the survey :(((((( lol So disappointed that instead of just posting what the project was up to, and what sort of timelines we could expect Vertus chose to post up a wall of text. Vertus, I'd like a refund. @ Vertus "Transparency, honesty, kindness, good stewardship, even humor, work in businesses at all times." John Gerzema <url>"as planned". It is nearly mid May and you worked on the microcontroller, but with the most recent delays you are pushing back the second prototype for another 1/2 month. 3.) As someone who works in production, you are only as good as your word. Rather than over promise and under deliver, I would figure out what milestones you plan to hit and do it. If you hit a roadblock, let us know and what you ideas are to fix it. We don't want excuses on a project that is planning to be over a year late. We want results and updates. 4.) I'm not sure how much time you devote to this project, but if you are not pushing to stay on track, you're not trying to hard. You have stated your unlimited resources, but the progress is slow. Do you have control over anything in the timeline? You partnered up with an electronic consulting firm that would eliminate the roadblocks. I'm not seeing much improvement, but that's one person's opinion. I hope to see major progress in the near future. If the product is more than vaporware, you may want to start posting your product working (even poorly) to demonstrate you have a product. Pictures are nice, but I can judge you better with a video of results. Best Regards, A Backer Lol no worries @ Chris Thomas. Great minds do think alike, but you sir were able to put it so much more eloquently haha @Jimmy: my apologies, I hadn't read your post before my last one. (?great minds think alike....) @Mad dog: We're behind you.. just let us know what you need us to do. You feed the Mad Dog;-) Hello Vertus!!! Got any food? I sign in typically once a week to this forum so know that I will keep everyone posted weekly on what our next step is; we have nothing to be concerned about regarding Vertus comments about us speaking our minds and intentions. At least we'll be doing something to get this whole debacle straightend out Backers. It's more than I can say about Vertus right now. They obviously haven't heard that you don't point a stick at a mad dog!!!! @chris: HAHAHAH way to go chris.. nothing like injecting a little comedy into the situation.. bravo. Also want mention that it's nice to see backers posting comments that typically don't;-) Well said to you all and @ James well said!! Chris Amen Hallelujah!! That's Better Yet!! Chris is the Backers Genius!! So, is all this getting a little crazy? To summarize things so far: 1. Vertus has annoyed backers through delayed progress and lack of communication, putting its reputation somewhat in the toilet. 2. Some backers would like to see someone sued for causing frustration. 3. Vertus would like to sue the people responsible for damaging its reputation. The solution is obvious! Vertus should sue itself. With the proceeds, send every backer a refund. Then we can all forget this sad, sorry mess. Like I mentioned about the Bert and Ernie posts, I check in to view progress not children rhetoric!!! Really that's your response to my post? I think the request was for a video or anything concrete appropriate to the progress of Vertus? Monthly update? Think you missed the part that I'm a supporter? And I'm quite aware of l the bylaws that you're hiding behind. My family has a long list of attorneys and I'm not very impressed by your response. I would have thought?? you'd respond with a video/production update?? Your Backers are looking for transparency as am I!!! I'm truly sorry you're finding it difficult to sell us backers on progress and transparency? Your threats are of no concerns of mine. You'd be wise to provide progress reports via updates. You have 10 updates listed in 1 year, so you've already violated your own contact with your Backers. Listen.... you're not reading or listening very well at least to my posts? Here is the bottom line.......The Backers see better than we hear? You're Trust is Nonexistent. You've created this problem by replying in combative ways or simply not communicating at all. I highly doubt you even have an attorney? I guess if you choose to not comply with our very, very, very, very VERY SIMPLE REQUEST OF AN VIDEO UPDATE SHOWING THE VERTUS BEING MADE AND A CONCRETE PRODUCTION DATE we'll be finding out! And I must also say; If you actually have an attorney a good one would recommend that you do everything your Backers are asking you to do regarding proving the progress of Vertus. Anyway I'm going to do what I promised I would do as I'm a Man of my word. It's May 12th 2014 you've provided no update on Vertus and since your concern isn't that, my concerns are that we drag this out of the dark into the light. I'll speak again with the Washington Attorney General's Office get direction on how they want to move forward and post ideas for petition signing. Vertus, Vertus, Vertus it's Real Time Now!!! Put up what we're requesting (video update showing progress of Vertus and manufacturing deadline) and get us back behind you (read very carefully: THAT'S MY PREFERENCE) or have us all get behind a rally of support to drag you out and expose the real truth!!! I truly have much better things to do than deal with BS and Lack of Bedside Manner by You. You've got to get with the program!!! Put up or Shut Up is what I'm talking about!!! Ohh Betty. I have had a lot of harrassments lately ! @ Vertus Audio, you guys are pathetic at this point. You go months without updating backers with any real concrete information but you jump out at us with all this supposed legal mumbo jumbo to try and silence the people who backed this project. I wish you would put as much effort into the project as you've put into trying to "scare" us. Simply put, your pathetic attempts at silencing us show the sad and pitiful reality this has become. We are entitled to our opinions and nothing you say can ever stop us from voicing them. Threatening to sue backers and going so far as to name specific backers really shows that you're scared. You're scared because you're realizing that we aren't going to go away quietly. You're scared and you're trying to intimidate us. Trying to get us to shut up. But all you're doing is rallying us and showing the rest of the backers who you really are. Just like you mentioned before, all of your comments and threats to backers are also on the project comments page. By threatening backers who have grown tired of waiting for real results, all you've done is damaged your own reputation. Your own words are there immortalized in the World Wide Web and I for one can't wait until they come back and hurt your reputation. Good luck being "that company on kickstarter that threatened their own backers". Good luck down playing all of this when you're words are there ready for the world to see. Real professional. I hope you don't plan on suing yourself for ruining your reputation. @james: Well said. You've wasted 5 days trying to scrounge a legal defence, and then in semi-legalese on the comment board proceed to threaten your backers into silence? The ALL-CAPS and naming individuals just completes the picture of kids trying to bully other's with words they parrot from their parents. Guys: - I've never posted here, but after your inflammatory comment, more than happy to add my voice now. - I'm an Australian, international like many of your backers, good luck suing us. - As you quoted, in order to successfully sue anyone for libel you'd have to 'prove special damage', as in conclusively demonstrate that people are causing financial damage. Your first product is a year late, you will never be able to separate the massively negative effect that has on your future sales from anything people are saying on one comment board. - You promised '[weekly] updates every Wednesday' but don't comment for weeks at a time let alone update. Most of this negative chatter has been brought about by insufficient communication, and you have no-one to blame for this broken promise and its consequences than yourselves. So you could now waste weeks trying to create meagre legal barriers to your 'company's reputation', but there will be no reputation to save after the headline 'Kickstarter backers (fruitlessly) sued by their project's creator after 1 year of delays'. I can't wait to see the fallout from that one. Would it not be more prudent to just do as you once assured, update once a month like clockwork, answer questions weekly, provide far more tidbits and photos than you have (the last updates have been good examples on your part, continue like this) and get back to throwing the focus on the 'Kickstarter manufacturing journey' as I'm sure you'd prefer we talk about. At this point, I believe very few people imagine that you're putting 40+ hour weeks just slaving away on aspects of Vertus with not a minute left to take photos with your phones and write updates, and if you think that's false, I look forward to the lawsuit. If you guys put even half as much energy into the project as you are into threatening your backers with frivolous lawsuits in an attempt to censor them, this could have been done months ago. In other words.. there is no update. @dqpb: But, to give you a brief update regarding the progress, the testing and troubleshooting goes well and as planned. We have fixed almost all the major issues regarding the micro-controller. We will update our backers of the progress once we finish the testing and troubleshooting of the new board towards the end of May and order the second prototype board as soon as possible." this was the "update" concerning the project. Hang on......... still no update on progress........ Is that all we get this month just some long winded law suit stuff? I'm interested in where the project is at. Can we please have an update. Cheers Way to go. Trying to intimidate the people who actually gave you money. You should be ashamed of yourselves! This long comment has no real explanation of the status of your alleged product. Taking legal actions against people's opinions??? You should read the defamation rule once more.... This is my first comment ever as a backer of Vertus. I too, like most other backers I assume, simply have given up waiting for any serious updates that we would ever get out product anytime soon. But these few backers that keep talking law suits are complete idiots. The comments page has become something I go to get a good laugh. Seriously, let these Vertus guys "focus" on finishing our products, and go about your lives. It's just a few bucks man. "If the problems are severe enough that the creator can't fulfill their project, creators need to find a resolution. Steps could include offering refunds, detailing exactly how funds were used, and other actions to satisfy backers.” I would say a year delay with no end date in sight is a pretty severe delay. So Please publish immediately a use of funds statement or refund my pledge. You have no business damage because you have no business. But go ahead and sue your backers. We would love to have our day in court with you. How about you try and make the product you promised us A YEAR AGO instead of threaten us with lawsuits. You're pathetic ... I want my money back... As, I'm sure, do the vast majority of your once excited backers. It's embarrassing that your threatening your backers with lawsuits. If you decide to pursue legal action with me, since you have so boldly stated my name in your "update", I will be forced by your hand to pursue my own legal activities as well. My father is Chief Deputy U.S. Marshal for the State of South Carolina so please think before you make any final decisions regarding this matter. If you need to contact me for your case against me I will refer you to my Lawyer Karen A. Sauls whom I have notified of your threat against me and will be waiting to here more if there is a follow up on your threat. If you would like to get in touch with her search her name on google and you will find her contact information. I am also glad that you took the time to research the laws concerning defamation. If you were to research more however you would notice that the claims that we backers have made that you were a "scam" are merely our opinions. And according to law our opinions can not be considered fact. Therefore it is not considered defamation. Please stop threatening the people who funded you with lawsuits and please get to work with either providing us with a finished product as soon as possible or giving me a refund. And just for the record. You have to have a good reputation before someone can damage it. Do you think with the way you have gone about your business that you can say hand on heart that your business has been damaged more by your own actions or by that of your once supporters? You guys crack me up! Threatening to sue your backers. Bring it on Bert n Ernie.I doubt your case against myself would get very far. Why waste money trying just refund my pledge and we can call it quits. Cough up guys were both wasting our time here. I'm ready to file a lawsuit. Does anyone know If I need to do it in person? Since I am in NJ and he is in CA doing it in person isn't feasible. I'll do some research this weekend and see what I can find out. The time for action is now backers. He had has chance. Just making myself preset in the off chance that Vertus cares about the concerns of their backers... We haven't gotten so much as a comment from you guys in a month now. What's the deal? You're not too busy to log in and check the comments...so why can't you just respond to a few of the legitimate questions? I wish I could have the same outlook as a lot of your very supportive backers, but to be honest, I have lost all hope for this project. It's truly disheartening that you can't seem to notify the people (that so generously funded your dream into a reality) of your progress, if any. So, @Michael I am on board. Admittedly, a lawsuit is no fun, but we're finding ourselves at a time where it doesn't seem like we have a lot of options. However we can be of assistance, we will be. There's $68k at the stake, and I'll be damned if we don't see a finished product or get that money back. @scott: you are persistent, I'll give you that. he is NEVER going to answer you... when will you realize this??? We need to file a lawsuit.. plain and simple. @Vertus: TODAY is one month since your last "Update" or "Comment Update" - will you have a report for us on " testing and troubleshooting the new board until mid-May"? What are specific dates/times that we should expect further communication from you updating your backers on the status of this project? Should we be concerned with your lack of communication over the last 30 days? Have you abandoned the project? @andy: Once he got our money he stopped updating... if it looks and smells like fraud... I'll let you finish the rest. @scott: armen has ignored ALL of your questions. What makes you think he will start answering them now? i don't understand why he hasn't made them yet the front page shows a picture of a cnc machining shop, and his workshop. he has a working prototype and a audio test video i don't understand he should be able to make something by now. what happened to the every Wednesday undated promised on the front page. @Vertus: tomorrow is one month since your last "Update" or "Comment Update" - will you have a report for us on " testing and troubleshooting the new board until mid-May"? What are specific dates/times that we should expect further communication from you updating your backers on the status of this project? Should we be concerned with your lack of communication over the last 30 days? @Michael: I'm with you... just tell us what we need to do. @Andy: The current situation is there is no situation. Armen REFUSES to answer any questions related to this project. He hasn't posted any meaningful pictures of his work and he has no idea when the product will be ready. He logged in today so he definitely knows now we are talking litigation... and he still chooses to ignore us. Michael Hopkins, I agree with EVERYTHING you said. Please keep us informed and if you need anything from us, just let us know! Can someone give me an idea of whats the current situation of the project i haven't looked at the comments since December i seen that they have made a prototype in April so does that mean they are close to shipping them out any info is helpful... Existing suit update with documents: <url>"Update" or "Comment - update"? How is the "testing and troubleshooting" of the current board coming along? Any progress? @ Michael Hopkins, Agreed. Lets see what the 9th brings and go from there. OK here's the Deal, personally I've seen and read enough of the Children Ranting Bert and Ernie. When I plug in to comments I really don't appreciate going back to my days of adolescents!! This should be a forum for Adults.Only, Please!! So everything is setting up very well for Class Action Suit, and I'm feeling real good about what I've accomplished with the amount of minimum time invested. What we're going to need is more than just a few to to sign a petition. As I figure out how to do this please pass on the word. I have an Attorney that's helping me but he's doing so with free time and no payment, as of yet!! His suggestion is to see what is posted and updated by May 9th. As they are obligated to do so. Without updating they have violated there contract. In addition there is a suit in Washington State currently and that is also my State of Residency so I will look into that more. For the immature ones on this post I can understand your frustrations!! I just don't know what you're accomplishing? For me I'm wanting to either see Vertus Accomplish Something or for us as Backers to take Legal Action. I agree that something has went terribly wrong here, the Creators have done a piss pour job communicating however unless this is just another attempt to mislead the backers Vertus seems to be back on track? However let's not get foolish and get fooled again. That's a Shame on us!!! So I recommend that we have a central area for petition signing. I'll work on that and in the event Vertus doesn't update with progress ie, Video or Photos of progress or an honest explanation of where this project is going or have went! Vertus it's time for transparency. 68k is a lot of money!!!! It's also a Federal and State Crime to steal it? I have Faith but I'm not to be assumed as stupid or a fool! Let's see what you have for May? I'm truly hopeful Vertus and for the record the last thing I want is to have to file a Class Action Suit. So I'm really hoping and praying that you feel the same? You're Driving it's your call? Thanks Mike There was another successful lawsuit a few years ago too: <url>"The complaint, filed in King County Superior Court, seeks restitution for consumers and as much as $2,000 per violation of the state’s Consumer Protection Act." Well that's interesting. This might interest a number of you: <url>#tk.rss_all In addition to the HTC stereo clip, there's another product available now, the mpow portable bluetooth adapter. It looks like cheap crap, but hey, for $19 at least it exists. More than can be did for Vertus. @Stanley: it's ashame about hot watch.. they came on strong with so many promises and they almost delivered too. I hope the final product is close to the vision being sold by PHTL. I fully expect to have more delays announced after production starts. I just did not expect a full month delay just to get certifications. @Kev I had an interview (to have published online) lined up with Rob of Elroy, but it fell through. He told me that he didn't want to "put the cart in front of the horse", which I respected. It's unfortunate, because I think some of the Q&A would have helped to temper backer expectations in the long run. Unfortunately, Elroy has been eclipsed by a number of recent products. Vertus, however, is still unique in its vision. If you want individual speakers to act like left and right channel stereo, wirelessly, you'd have to pick up ones from Braven (not sure if there are others in the same price brackets). BUT, only Braven speakers will pair with Braven in that way. But with this kind of delay, I'd expect Vertus to have aptX compatibility. But who knows, with the Vertus bros. Even the best-laid plans face unexpected delays: <url>"As a result of our collaboration with the electronics consulting company that we have partnered with, we have designed a system that is much more advanced and feature-rich than the original Vertus" well my guess is that fell through and they are trying to get more money... why else mentioned it but never detail what exactly this is?? @Stanley: I almost backed that project. Dodged a bullet on that one.. There is no doubt this project is heading on the same path as elroy.. the one difference is there have been numerous updates posted by the creator and we get nothing. Armen is nothing but a snake oil salesman... and the least he can do is be honest with us.. but instead he just took our money and went radio silent... this will follow him in whatever he does in the future. It's very likely that the costs for this project were grossly underestimated. Having a tech idea doesn't necessarily mean understanding the full manufacturing chain. Entry-level EE start around $40k/year. Want to read comments from a similar project? <url>"Profile". Download your figure pic then upload to KS. I look forward to seeing your choice of PIC. @Graeme Best chuckle I've had all day seeing you incorporated the Bert/Ernie avatar. (I don't have one..is the only way to have one by connecting FB? Or am I missing something on the website to personalize this? Thanks if you get around to helping..I can wait a very long time for an answer ;) ) hahaha great job guys... if he won't take accountability for this project the least we can do is have some fun at his expense. @Blake. Cheers dude. It's perfect. I think most will agree when I say the resemblance is uncanny ! I think a career in tribute beckons. It's about time we started fighting back and not let Vertus have all the fun at our expense ! This project was suppose to bring me joy yet so far it has been nothing but a PITA. @graeme, done.... <url>"mysterious" partnership they keep talking about? I think they "outsourced" this whole project to whoever this "partner" is... and now this "partner" can't complete the work. Why else would they not be able to post pictures? they don't have any because the work isn't being done by them.... Armen- If I am wrong please post the details of this "partnership" and what they have to do with this project. Also post a picture of the "lab" you mentioned in the update... This project is so ridiculous... I've seen this pattern before we my other projects.. I have 0% confidence in these two jackals. There is nothing in the last year that says they know what they are doing... hell they waited three-four months for parts to be sent to them... How is that even possible... @Graeme that picture is perfect for these two... nice job. REFUND ME I think you guys should replace your profile pic with this one. Its more appropriate for the Vertus Business. <url>’t work. You must be so proud. Sometime guys its better to keep things simple and stick to a plan. It looks like you guys have bitten off more than you can chew and I’m sorry but going by the history of this project I can’t see you being able to complete this. Is this project being ran by Bert N Ernie. It sure looks like it to me ! What a couple of muppets. I still call bullshit on this. It's taken forever and we keep getting postponements and updates that really just say they're going to take way longer than they said they would. The picture is something I suppose but the whole project is still bullshit and has been treated as such. Is this real life? Didn't think I'd actually ever see a board. Glad to have some pics, hope you work out the bugs you guys are experiencing. Thank you for an update. That's is all we ask for. Go ahead and keep the pledge, I don't want it anymore. Enjoy what the future of vertus. Good Job, Thank you! Andrew: Because my guess is the first prototype was put together with bubble gum and glue... it worked just enough to steal $68K from backers.... and now when he is trying to mass produce he's finding out he just isn't good enough to figure out how to do it. Heh, I had completely forgotten about this project until the update. Why not just manufacture and ship the first prototype that worked? Instead, I just get an update about the first *new* prototype. Anyone know if there is a similar product with the same features available for purchase? yup... it's after 6PM PST and no update. surprised? Not me... @Kev: quite possibly you are right. But it doesn't really matter which of my scenarios 1 or 2 below is the truth; either way no product is produced. An even worse situation is if Vertus are pressured into producing something that does not work. I have also seen this happen, which produces a whole new level of anger, backlash and pain!! So....can't wait to see what 6 pm brings. Honestly, I would be happiest if they said "We failed, but tried hard with your money. Sorry. Bye." @Chris: Armen from the minute this campaign ended ran away from all communications. He refuses to answer any of our questions.. so it's not like he posted updates that showed he was actually trying to get this produced.. if he did that we would be a little more understanding of the position we are in right now.. This is why I think this is a complete scam project. If he has nothing to hide and is actively working on this why hasn't there been more pictures? more updates? We are ONE YEAR into this at the end of the month.. It's time he comes completely clean with us backers. @Kev: I can guarantee you there is little point in contacting Kickstarter. It is of no concern to them whatsoever whether the project is fulfilled or not, as they too already have their share of our money. Having previously backed a scam project (Crypteks) I know that many hundreds of messages to KS resulted in zero help. Realistically, the likely scenarios and outcomes are these: 1. Vertus have been beset by various difficulties, genuinely do wish to produce something , but lack the technical expertise or total funds to do so. They are either too scared to communicate this or are just generally hopeless at communicating. Outcome: no product. 2. This is in fact a very elaborate scam, and over time communication will dwindle further as we are strung out, backers will then realise the relative impossibility of legal action and eventually write the whole thing off. Outcome: no product. 3. Vertus are genuine, just a bit delayed, and ready to surprise us all with a working prototype already being mass-produced with an impending shipping date, or immediate refunds for those who can't wait any longer. Outcome: working product, hand-delivered by your choice of the tooth fairy, Santa or the Loch Ness monster. My guess is we are probably dealing with situation number 1. The next update, if it occurs, will be a pseudo-technical piece of babble combined with a half-apology, no firm facts, no convincing photos and a further extended timeline blaming someone else. I have seen it all before!! That's their canned response... I received that as well... but if more people email them they will look into this further... I contacted kickstarter two weeks ago regarding this project. This was their entirely unsatisfactory response: ------- Thanks for reaching out and bringing this to our attention. I’m sorry to hear that backing the Vertus project has been a frustrating experience. Projects that launch on Kickstarter are often in the early stages of development. As such, creators will occasionally miss the mark on their initial estimated completion dates. Delays can occur for any number of reasons, but they are almost always in order to maintain or improve the quality of the project’s end result. Still, it’s important to us that creators communicate this information to backers along the way. It does look like the project creator has posted a Project Update addressing fulfillment/the delays. You can view that at the link below. <url>“Contact me” link on the project page. They have also listed an email address of <email> to be reached at. Thanks for being a thoughtful backer and part of the Kickstarter community. -------- I think it's time more people voiced their concern to kickstarter, maybe they they'll actually look into it more seriously. I urge everyone to contact kickstarter and start exposing this fraud. We need to start taking up our efforts a bit... He can take our money but he can't take our voice. Armen...please understand that we, like you are interested the facts. Something is better than nothing and from EVERY backers' viewpoint we cannot comprehend what more you will know later today than you know right now. IF you will truly know something later, FINE. Tell us what you know NOW so that we don't continue to be frustrated and upset. Please put your self in our shoes and think about how you would feel if YOU were made promises (after giving someone money) with little communication AND broken promises. Think of how much less time-and-aggravation you would face IF you updated weekly, bi-weekly, even monthly! There is a saying "I have to live with myself and so, I'd like to be somebody I'd like to know." Would you like to conduct business with someone like you? If you gave someone $68,431 today and they didn't respond to e-mails, voice calls, texts, etc...would you be upset? I believed in you. I pledged $80 for your cause! The full system (early bird) + International shipping + Add-ons!!! And you still can't give use simple answers: Why?! What's happening? How can you take money from people, like myself, who believed in you, and go radio silence for almost a year with no straight answers? What gives you the right to treat people like that? I wrote to you guys - twice! AND YOU DIDN'T EVEN ANSWERED ME ONCE. Like I said before, and I say again - you guys are just scammers, who used people's trust to take their money and run off. The fact that you keep saying "Legal measures to anyone who calls us scammers" put you, not us (the customers, btw) in a.....weird light. I WANT MY MONEY BACK. WE WANT OUR MONEY BACK. @corey, a bit harsh but being candid is well respected. Thank you for posting I'm on board. Very disappointed with them too. Well, color me surprised! And that's not even sarcasm. I was honestly expecting an update yesterday... Now that's not to say that I thought it would hold any weight or be of any particular value to us backers, because, let's face it, your updates are almost always a joke...but to not even post it at all? You have no respect for those who have funded your dream into a reality, and it's truly disheartening. I will go out of my way to direct people away from any Vertus products, as a reciprocation of slapping us in the face the way you have. You call yourself a project manager? Manager? You can't even manage to pull your head out of your ass once a month to type a few paragraphs of "progress" out for the people who so generously shelled out thousands of dollars to you and your idea. You are no more than a crook and a thief, and you have stolen our money, time, and trust. I speak for many when I say this: REFUND Armen/Vertus: Your actions are fraudulent and downright criminal. You took $68,431 from people who believed in you. Over the last year you have done nothing but ignore serious questions posed to you . You refuse to tell us why this project is so late. You refuse to show us any progress on this project (if any). Graeme is right.. you are an absolute embarrassment.. to yourself... to this project... to kickstarter. It's time you do one thing right and refund us our money back.... You guys are an embarrassment. You can't even manage to write an update on time. I want my money back you are nothing more than petty thieves. There is no excuse for treating your backers in the manner you choose too. A little respect goes a long way. Your company is a joke and I will take great pleasure in letting as many people as I can that you are not capable of running this KS project 12:30am on the east coast now and no update...no surprise hahahah Update #10 Thank you for your money, I log into Kickstarter every now and then...and boy is that exhausting! So I think I'll go rest for a few more days. I lost hope 6 months ago with this clown. The updates usually arrive just before midnight Pacific Standard Time. Kev, you may be onto something. Already the 9th where I live (by 5 hours). And as the rest of the earth spins on its axis towards Wednesday, that faint glimmer of hope and faith starts to fade....... You guys really expect this "update" to be something special? Armen's "updates" are nothing but smokescreens showing his inability to produce this product. I don't think this update will be any different. Can't wait! Well, it is TUESDAY. I have been patient but starting to wonder. It is 10 AM I Cali, if Vertus had something to tell us I suspect we would have heard by now. Update day! Goody !! What we are being told is that by Tuesday, an actual, physical, working prototype will be tested and the results shared with us, am I correct? Don't hold your breath, ladies and gentlemen... I agree with Scott - I am all for last minute redemption. So the 8th it is.....we shall wait and see... What we are being told is that by Tuesday, an actual, physical, working prototype will be tested and the results shared with us, am I correct? Don't hold your breath, ladies and gentlemen... Photos?? He posted ONE photo and it looked like a stock photo... Working prototype?? timeline???? What timeline??? Because we will have photos, a working prototype, a timeline for completion. All of our questions will be answered on the 8th... @Scott: He's ignored the questions you posed to him on 3/26... so why would you look forward to this update? NONE of the previous updates have had any substance.. why would this one??? Looking forward to the update on the 8th. Is anyone close to CA and willing to go to court? <url>"We are going to hand-assemble the electronic components including the new BT module on our new motherboard to make it ready for testing. This should take about two weeks" were you lying? Did you know that it was going to take you nearly two months to get those modules, not two weeks? Perhaps your comments about these delays should be at least the slightest bit apologetic so you don't come across so arrogant and ambivalent. Refund me as well. Armen, You said in Update 9 (28th Feb) that it would take 2 weeks, not 6.5 weeks as you are now declaring. If this is how long it takes to produce x1 unit then we are in for a long wait for production to be complete. I understand delays but by the time this product comes to market it will be going on a year and will be old tech. I know this comment will be ignored by the Vertus team as they are not professional enough to take criticism and learn from it. Please process my refund as I am done with this project and your arrogance. So what happens now? Do we have to fail claims with Paypal or Amazon payments to get our money back from this? I'd love to believe it's going to happen but I could really use my $50 back if it's just going to be sitting in limbo for a year. Maybe we need call 911 for him? Vertus. Most of us now are fed up waiting and listening to excuse after excuse. Please can you either show us whats been done in the past 3.5 weeks or offer a refund to all those who have lost faith in both the product and your abilities. Gentlemen, can we get a photo of what has been assembled to date? Have you received all of the components? Is there a target date for the next update? 7 months late and ticking. This project really sucks and the product will be old tech by the time it comes to market. Whats happening Vertus ? You have yet to actually meet a deadline. Start treating your backers with the respect they deserve. i.e Clear and timely communications instead of keeping them in the dark feeding them Sh!t. Those losers logged onto Kickstarter on March 22... Too busy to write an update boys? Send a letter to te attorney general where he lives. Let's be honest guys, the creators are probably laughing reading all of our comments and complaints. No matter how much we say we want pictures and results or how much we say we're fed up, they aren't going to do a damn thing. All we do is talk and I think it's time we start acting... All of the backers that are tired of all this bs lets actually do something about it. Does anyone have any suggestions about how we can move forward? Any ideas or thoughts? Should we start calling paypal and collectively file claims. Maybe all THOUSAND PLUS backers need to start calling and emailing kickstarter about this. We can start calling news stations across the country, emailing newspapers and magazines. We need to get the word out about this joke of a "company". Now I'm sure the majority of you are aware that many of us have been commenting and demanding progress, pictures, videos, and shipping date info. In short, all we asked for is what was PROMISED. The creators however didn't like that and wrote the following as part of a comment on February 10th, when people started talking about rallying against them; "we would like to emphasize that, after talking to our company lawyers in Glendale, CA, as a company, we would pursue with every possible legal action towards select individuals that cause harm to our company’s reputation and image by misleading other backers by spamming our profile with misleading information." They DARED THREATEN ALL THOUSAND PLUS BACKERS FOR EXPECTING ACCOUNTABILITY. They thought they could scare us off from doing anything but I say to all of you that we need to start demanding ACCOUNTABILITY. I'm not asking any of you to threaten or spread lies, ALL I ASK IS THAT YOU SPEAK THE TRUTH! Write about the MASSIVE DELAYS. Email newspapers and magazines about THE LACK OF PROMISED PICTURES AND VIDEOS OF WORKING PROTOTYPES. Call paypal and kickstarter and TRY AND REQUEST A REFUND. The creators thought they could strong arm us from doing anything with threats of lawsuits against false claims. Well I ask you creators, WHATS FALSE ABOUT ANYTHING I JUST MENTIONED. We are 7 MONTHS OVER THE SHIPPING DATE and while that in and of itself is not unheard of, it's your LACK OF COMMUNICATION AND FOLLOW THROUGH ON WHAT YOU SAY that has upset us. You can threaten us all you want with legal action but all we have to speak is the truth, we don't have to lie about anything. So save the time and energy you put into threatening us and actually get to work and deliver us the product you promised. As for the backers, I ask you to start getting the word out and maybe then the creators will get something done. Remember, you don't have to spread lies, I simply ask that you speak THE TRUTH! All professionalism has gone out the window, as my fuse is growing increasingly shorter with every day that passes without an update. What the fuck is going on, guys? I mean, I really want to give you the benefit of the doubt here, but you're making it so goddamn hard. Convince us that this is not a scam. Please. We need pictures, videos, timelines, specifics on these mysterious parts we're waiting two more weeks for, etc... If you can't provide that, then I'd say a full refund should be in order. You guys are clearly going nowhere, and taking your sweet-ass fucking time doing it, WITH OUR MONEY. Vertus, call it a failure project. Just refund all of us. No positive or negative updates makes us wonder what this project means to you. You should be excited and cherish this and make it a reality. But I see from your silence that you don't care. Bitterly disappointed with you guys. All professionalism has gone out the window, as my fuse is growing increasingly shorter with every day that passes without an update. What the fuck is going on, guys? I mean, I really want to give you the benefit of the doubt here, but you're making it so goddamn hard. Convince us that this is not a scam. Please. We need pictures, videos, timelines, specifics on these mysterious parts we're waiting two more weeks for, etc... If you can't provide that, then I'd say a full refund should be in order. You guys are clearly going nowhere, and taking your sweet-ass fucking time doing it, WITH OUR MONEY. Because I'd guess you're not far from threats, boys. You've got an angry mob on your hands. What do you intend to do about it? All professionalism has gone out the window, as my fuse is growing increasingly shorter with every day that passes without an update. What the fuck is going on, guys? I mean, I really want to give you the benefit of the doubt here, but you're making it so goddamn hard. Convince us that this is not a scam. Please. We need pictures, videos, timelines, specifics on these mysterious parts we're waiting two more weeks for, etc... If you can't provide that, then I'd say a full refund should be in order. You guys are clearly going nowhere, and taking your sweet-ass fucking time doing it, WITH OUR MONEY. @Vertus. Can I remind you what you said in your last update 3 weeks ago. "We are going to hand-assemble the electronic components including the new BT module on our new motherboard to make it ready for testing. This should take about two weeks and as soon as we finish this process and test the new board, we will post an update including pictures, a full list of Vertus’ advanced features, and an updated timeline" That was you are likely to be finished in 2 weeks i.e 14th Mar not the 21st. You continually miss deadlines and its very frustrating for all especially when you go radio silent and do not explain why or throw another spanner in the works like the 3 components you forgot to mention that will now take up even more time. You're right you have been. I wanted to give the creators the benefit of the doubt. I wanted to believe that this wasn't just a big scam but I'm done. This joke has gone on long enough. With no real photos or videos of any progress and "updates" that keep prolonging having to show any real proof, I've had enough. THIS IS A SCAM, A JOKE AND A LIE. Anyone who thinks otherwise is holding on to false hope. its been 10 months since funding. and 7 months behind original expected delivery. with one picture and no videos or any real evidence. @jimmy Ive been saying that for months lol but I'm over it. Garbage. This project has become nothing but garbage and the creators are nothing but thieves. I hope everyone in denial is finally seeing how we're all just being lied to. Every "update", there is going to be something new that's going to continue to prolong the process. We're going to have to wait and wait and wait until we just stop asking questions. Until we give up. But im not about to start doing that. It's time we actually do something. These guy couldn't organise a P!ss up in a brewery. I kind of want some video proof and pictures of testing not just pics I want video too... @Graeme: it's because he's clearly lying. He NEVER said ANYTHING about more parts coming or needing two MORE weeks to assemble them.. He's nothing but a con man. Why did you say in the last update you needed 2 weeks to connect the components yet 2 weeks on and you still need 2 weeks more. This project is very badly managed and I am not really surprised you are so far behind. Fucking project. @Michael: Unfortunately I will not shut up until questions are answered... until then enjoy my presence. kickscammed.com @Vertus Any chance you can post a video of the test when you guys do it so you can finally shut this guy up? Thank you guys for all the hard work. Everyone: Go here and let everyone know about this scam project kickscammed.com This guys is so full of shit it's ridiculous. Where in this paragraph does he say he is waiting for THREE MORE PARTS? "We are going to hand-assemble the electronic components including the new BT module on our new motherboard to make it ready for testing. This should take about two weeks and as soon as we finish this process and test the new board, we will post an update including pictures, a full list of Vertus’ advanced features, and an updated timeline. " YOU ARE A LIAR AND A SCAM ARTIST. It's high time we do something about ths project backers... WHY ARE YOU WAITING FOR THREE MORE PARTS TO ARRIVE SEVEN MONTHS AFTER YOU SAID YOU WOULD BE DONE You are pathetic. Answer our questions, Can I call you? I have your number. I have his phone number. Maybe I can call him and ask why hes such a deadbeat project creator? Ks community: how do we get a response from these guys? We should all get refunded due to lost if interest to move this project forward, I believe they gave up. We need to figure out how to get out money back. There has been to many project on ks that doesn't finish their projects and us as backer get the end of the stick. I was expecting at very least a progress report. Its been 2 weeks since last update in which it was said that the latest milestone would be completed in around 2 weeks. Which gives them till mid week this week. Maybe a tad optimistic to expect them to have turned the corner and post an on time/ earlyoer than expected update! This project could do with some good news and not additional delays. How's the prototype coming along? I'm assuming you guys will need another week or two to finish the testing, then post the update. Just wondering how it's going. 1) Why is the project so late? Why did you wait so long to tell us the boards are delayed? 2) Please detail what you can of this partnership you keep speaking of. 3) Why are you so neglectful in answering questions from your backers? 4) What are the next steps in this project once boards are received? How much more time will be needed before you are completed? 5) Why do you think we are upset with you? do you realize that you have let your kickstarter backers down by going radio dark for weeks/months at a time? 6) Will you process anyone's request for refunds. You are allowed to per kickstarters rules if you want to. Since you haven't built anything you should have funds available for anyone's refund request amen had his chance to update us and he doesn't want to. He is garbage and this project is nothing but garbage. Corrected: Gentlemen, it has been over two weeks since your last comment/update. We need an update, photos and a timeline for completion. When can we expect this? Gentlemen, it has been over two weeks since your last comment/update. We need an update, photos and an timeline for completion. We can we expect this? Oh look at all the nothing happening with this project. What a load.... Kev, IMO I have decided to lay off until Friday. Which is giving them the 2 weeks they said they needed to get a working prototype ready. Can't see any other option as they wont give me the refund I have requested many times. Frustrated by this project? Let your voice be heard here: <url>"@Kev Sure, they over-promised on updates, but it's not like they've been completely radio silent." um.. they have been. Go back and read all 9 updates. Show me one thing of quality in ANY of the updates.. It took TEN months to get ONE picture. He won't answer ANY of our questions... he won't tell us why this project is heading into a ONE YEAR delay. He won't tell us about this mysterious "partnership" he supposedly has... over all he's a shady dude who said anything to get out money... once he did he vanished... no regular updates.. nothing... The one thing we have on kickstarter is communication.. it takes seconds to do.. and armen has deemed it not worth his time to do so.. he has failed us and he still owes us lots of answers.. but he's such a patheric creator he won't answer any of them. @Kev Sure, they over-promised on updates, but it's not like they've been completely radio silent. Like @KevinKim said, lets give the benefit of the doubt for now. If the product is never realized and delivered, then yeah I'm totally in with the pitchforks and torches (and I have the means to spread word, good or bad, reasonably well through the media too). @Corey If you knew what kind of timeline delay nightmares projects (often) run into, you might cut the team a little slack. There are so many stupid things that can happen unintentionally. Semi-related example: I ordered a case for my smartphone last November, around the same time my wife ordered some jammies from Japan. Both items were coming from overseas companies (mine was China). Her package shipped via FedEx and arrived in two weeks (normal). Mine was shipped via USPS and took two months to get in my hands(rage-inducing). It sat six weeks in U.S. customs, all because of the government shutdown, which left probably just one employee to sort through an ever-growing mountain of overseas mail during that time. "And if the point of the matter is more active communication by the team, technically, Kickstarter project creators owe products, not explanations." Except when the creator specifically states the following "After the campaign ends successfully, we are going to post updates regularly every Wednesday, to inform you the details of our journey" Once the money came in and the project closed no updates came... that's lying, isn't it? "But if you're at a restaurant and the dinner service is slow, do you expect the chef (unless they're Gordon Ramsay) to bark out the name of each ingredient as it hits a pan, take and post photos of vegetables in the process of being chopped, or come and pat you on the head to soothe you?" No, I'd take my money and leave. Everyone needs to quit about the refunds and relax. Whatever conspiracies or fears of being ripped off is completely irrational. The campaign funds are only a fraction of what the company will make in the long run with a successful and competitive end-product. Delays happen, especially considering all the different aspects that go into large-scale manufacturing, while also taking into account how one delay can (and will) compound. I'm sure that most of us have been late to work because of some car accident, even if we left early. Chalk it allv up to entropy and move on. Sure, the team could update more often or just banter back (winkwinkhinthint). But if you're at a restaurant and the dinner service is slow, do you expect the chef (unless they're Gordon Ramsay) to bark out the name of each ingredient as it hits a pan, take and post photos of vegetables in the process of being chopped, or come and pat you on the head to soothe you? Besides, if the money was so important to any person in the first place, then he/she would be waiting for production units to sell straight from the website anyway. And if the point of the matter is more active communication by the team, technically, Kickstarter project creators owe products, not explanations. @kev They did send me a private message prior to their update. I understand what you mean but I'll give them the benefit of doubt. how can i get a refund? @kevin kim: That update doesn't say anything... They don't talk about this mysterious partnership... they don't talk about why this project is so delayed... the did post one picture which is appreciated... but this project should be as transparent as possible and they just aren't... Plain and simple, you guys suck. Thanks for making a convincing video on how to waist my money. Check their latest update. Sometimes, patience is key. I'll keep posting these questions until you answer them.... 1) Why is the project so late? Why did you wait so long to tell us the boards are delayed? 2) Why haven't you posted ANY pictures of your work? 3) Why are you so neglectful in answering questions from your backers? 4) What are the next steps in this project once boards are received? How much more time will be needed before you are completed? 5) Why do you think we are upset with you? do you realize that you have let your kickstarter backers down by going radio dark for weeks/months at a time? 6) Will you process anyone's request for refunds. You are allowed to per kickstarters rules if you want to. Since you haven't built anything you should have funds available for anyone's refund request. Armen At this point, you have done nothing but alienate your backers and show that you just don't care about us. You continue to ignore our questions and continue to keep us in the dark. You are 10 days late from when you said the boards were coming in and you still don't have them. You won't even post why we're in this situation in the first place. I think you are a horrible project creator and I recommend that you never do this again. @Vertus, You dont get the importance of keeping your sponsors informed. Yes we want pictures of the boards, but the most important piece of info that you can provide is when you are likely to start shipping. The boards as far as I am aware was the last unknown timescale. You must know roughly how the rest will slot together. Therefore,Please provide an updated timeline of the next stages of production and ultimately a shipping date. Whats stopping you providing that information now ? Guys, you are really amazing, i am more than surprised with the lack of commitment you have with the people have supported you. you owe that, you are not doing a favor with the updates. when are you expecting to ship? @Scott Hoeflich has some very good questions the update should cover. And even if you have a NDA, there are usually things you can discuss...i.e. I can't tell you the name of the company, but they have helped with design of ...or provided us .... Vertus, you might be surprised what backers would like to see. I know on other projects, there was a weekly status, or even only monthly (which seems to be the norm in most cases), in all the techy details. Obviously not down in the weeds, but showing prototypes, parts, talking about the process, challenges, finding vendors, etc. While it does take a little time, it does comfort the masses that something is happening. And even if it took a whole hour for such an update....would it be worth it from a marketing perspective of a future product. Besides, an hour...heck, lets say 4 hours, half a day to push out an update once a month...will not change the delay by a huge amount. Lets say a full day per month...delays the product maybe two weeks....but then less hate mail too...so..... Of course, I've seen other projects that the backers just complain because things are behind and other similar stuff is on the market already. Some have the impression that nothing should be late. Late is fine, but only if there is information to go with it. In short some news is better than none. The ones that will complain always will, but if you really want the backers who are willing to accept delays and want a good product, as long as they have some info in between, some news is better than none....and will leave positive reviews in their wake, not to mention word of mouth. Ideally, I need this solution now, not later, which just occurred in the last week. My wife is a teacher and trying to set something up for her, and I'm having to debate about buying something that is out, or rig something up (cabled) for whenever Vertus finally finishes. Cables I have, just not neat, buying something of course is extra cost. IF there was news, I would have something to go on, silence....well, one can only assume the worse after 3 months. End of the month is coming fast, hopefully you can produce a notable update worthy of the long silent period. Pictures, testing, timelines, the works. I agree with @Matt, the comments section works, but gets pushed down...but then again, those are only once a week....and really don't do much for an update. We are waiting for the boards, and will update then....umm how about adding, which are due in on...., they are at x stage of development, in the mean time we have been..... From your posts, you are waiting, and reading the lovely comments being left on KS.....and..... Contrary to what other comments say, I'm going to assume you are honest and working toward producing a product, but if you read through your own comments left over the last three months, what accomplishments do you read there...now keep in mind, all the KS angst will hit the social media/reviews when your product does come out. Sure, a quality product can still succeed, but why have to go over that hurdle in the first place, especially for a product that will seem to be on the higher price point from other products out there. Everyone decides their business/product model and target audience, hopefully you picked the ones that works for you. How about you guys post some pictures of ACTUAL progress... Very disappointed with this project: created has lost his desire to make a difference and his vision!! Gentlemen, As there have been no updates in nearly a week, I would appreciate an update soon and one that addresses the following questions: Have the boards arrived? If not, have they been shipped and what is their ETA? What is the current timeline for the project? What future obstacles exist or could exist? Has the battery issue been resolved? Are there any issues with the aluminum casing? What is the status of the initial funding? Is there enough left to bring the product to market and fulfill the reward commitments? I would like more information about the strategic partnership you mentioned in the November update. Who is the company you partnered with, what role have they played in the last three months, what role are they playing now and has this partnership contributed to the project’s delays? Thank you, -Scott Vertus, You were happy enough to take our money. and its about time you show your backers a little more respect and start posting regular updates. This was part of the deal when backing you guys and you have let us down BIG time. The last time you posted anything significant ! was on the 28th of Jan. When you said the boards would be delivered in 3 weeks. Well its now almost a month, Where are the boards ? Have they been made ?? Are they in transit ??? I think we deserve to know. This project is already 6 Months overdue and based on the information provided to date is no where near complete. thanks for ignoring the questions yet again, especially this one: Why haven't you posted ANY pictures of your work? Please refund my pledge amount. I'm afraid I don't buy that... No one is looking for weekly updates - we're looking for specific answers to specific, very often repeated questions. I see many bad comments that likely will not convince the both engineers to respond with increased frequency. Yes, I am also wondering what is going wrong and if there are more problems than disclosed by the Vertus team. Yes, it would be great to have at least a weekly update whats going on and some prove of progress or details of new problems being faced with. But, again, the attitude of the blog is changing to the bad and this does not help, I guess. Let's all of us stay professional with comments. Projects always have risks and everyone new it before investing. I still hope we see this project come to a good end, even if it takes much longer than expected. I learned that the majority of crowed funded projects are late - so its in its nature. I am willing to be patient as long as I receive a frequents update I can trust, even if the news are not good ones. As said, it is a project and somehow also a venture. I keep fingers crossed that it will pay for all of us! And: anything we (the backers) can help with other than being patient? Really hope this is finished soon, :(. @giligainisland: He doesn't understand this will come back to haunt him in his future endeavors.. even if he does manage to get some sort of product out.. which is still a big if at this point..this page will be here for a while for all to read and see how he acted. Wow! I was wrong. I was betting this project was going to be completed before another drastically late project, the Blue Laser Light FireFly. Yep, I've got confirmation the FireFly is in transit towards me. So I come back here to see how's it going. Seems many backers are getting nervous/impatient/angry. It does seem disheartening to see a great kickstarter project go silent. It's too bad the creator doesn't see this as an opportunity to use numbered-updates as a means to hold a tour of their product to generate interest and more followers. But instead gives the backers a brick wall to blankly stare at...and we backers then graffiti the heck out of it. No gah-news is not good gah-news. Where are the boards guys. Can you at least confirm that they have been shipped to you ? Those boards should be just about there by now. With regards to updates being "too technical" I'm sure you guys could post basic explanations as to what you've been up to. After all "you do not really understand something unless you can explain it to your grandmother." Take your time, I want a good finished product! No refund for me anymore. I believe in Vertus. This is the type of guy we are dealing with.. continues to post inane statements while ignoring us. If this doesn't tell you that this guy is a complete jokeI don't know what does. 1) Why is the project so late? Why did you wait so long to tell us the boards are delayed? 2) Why haven't you posted ANY pictures of your work? 3) Why are you so neglectful in answering questions from your backers? 4) What are the next steps in this project once boards are received? How much more time will be needed before you are completed? 5) Why do you think we are upset with you? do you realize that you have let your kickstarter backers down by going radio dark for weeks/months at a time? 6) Will you process anyone's request for refunds. You are allowed to per kickstarters rules if you want to. Since you haven't built anything you should have funds available for anyone's refund request. Times up Vertus. Thats 3 weeks since you said the boards would arrive. Whats the hold up ? Don't you think thats worth communicating ? thanks for ignoring the questions yet again: especially this one: Why haven't you posted ANY pictures of your work? @vertus — I think a lot of the "people problems" are due to how you update. I'm not going to argue over frequency but I think you give a lot of updates in the comment thread and they commonly get pushed down by backer comments and questions pretty quickly. I suggest that if you have an update, even if it's just a paragraph to actually put in front and center on the "Update" section, and keep comments simply as comments. A lot of the problem is that people just aren't seeing your updates because you aren't putting them in the right place. Updates are for things you want or need your backers to understand and comments are for more regular conversation and Q and A. I look forward to the next real update. Kickstarter really needs to start vetting these projects better.. don't know how to do it but it's obvious armen shouldn't have been granted kickstarter access to fund his "project" Maybe he'll come back if someone posts the words "fraud" or "lawsuit"... that's the only two things he responds to. They definitely are reading the comments. They have logged in today......... Great post dairui ke Hi guys, I just wanna know if you can make a little effort to update us on progress of any kind in a much more regular basis. Perhaps take a look at some successful kickstarter campaigns on how they update their backers. I'd backed a number of campaigns, some I'd already got my reward and some not, all of them post some sort of updates at a fixed regular interval that is satisfactory. At least I'd never felt too left out. As a result most of their comments are either encouragement or constructive criticism. Not once have I seen a campaign like yours where the comments are not about the product itself or about progress but about are all about doubts surrounding whether you guys are still out there working on it. From the comments I read in your campaign, some are way pass anger.. They are basically utterly disappointed. Including myself. Maybe you are short of staff, maybe you think that doing actual work is more important then PR. But I believe it's time something is done about your absence. Even if you are short staffed you can sound that out to us. Even if you met some difficulties you can update us on that. It don't have to be progress updates. They can be updates on what's holding you back. That's what other campaigners are doing, and most of us appreciate that. We backed Vertus cos we desire your product and also wanna share the journey with you. We wanna know the geez not just pay and wait til the product is at our doorstep. I made a small contribution it may not be much. I hope as you started out as sincere campaigners who need our funds, you can maybe think about how we feel while waiting for your product to be launched at its 3rd quarter, way passed its ETA. All the best working on Vertus. We all sure hope to hear from you soon. Today is three weeks since we were told the boards would be here. . who thinks the boards have actually arrived? Is there a revised delivery date available? With the boards arriving in the next few days does this mean that the design is finalised and you're moving into the final build phase? Guys, with 20 hours a day, please take just 15 minutes to post a progress on the week, which is just 0.2% of your time during the week. Surely the amount of negative feelings and lack of goodwill should be reason enough to post an update once a week. Taking 15 minutes out of 560 minutes of working in the week surely must be worth your time, and appease your supporters in doing so. I offer you no ill will, but simply offer a perspective on your responsibility as a member of the Kickstarter community to do what is expected. Thank you and I hope that your product is better than the others that are flooding the marketplace now. Posted FIVE days ago with no answer... so here we go again Please answer these questions: 1) Why is the project so late? Why did you wait so long to tell us the boards are delayed? 2) Why haven't you posted ANY pictures of your work? 3) Why are you so neglectful in answering questions from your backers? 4) What are the next steps in this project once boards are received? How much more time will be needed before you are completed? 5) Why do you think we are upset with you? do you realize that you have let your kickstarter backers down by going radio dark for weeks/months at a time? 6) Will you process anyone's request for refunds. You are allowed to per kickstarters rules if you want to. Since you haven't built anything you should have funds available for anyone's refund request. <url>’s a bit late to start getting all high and mighty. Backers have been trying to get your attention for weeks and you have choosen to ignore them and have always Cherry picked your answers. The difficult questions are always the hardest to answer but they need to be addressed and if they result in another delay then so be it. The frustrating part is being kept in the dark. The project is now 7 months behind and you have shown us nothing over the period that would suggest the amount of work you are claiming has been put into this. Answer the questions your backers really want to know. 1) Why is the project so late? Why did you wait so long to tell us the boards are delayed? 2) Why haven't you posted ANY pictures of your work? 3) How much more time will be needed before you are completed? 4) Do you realize that you have let your kickstarter backers down by going radio dark for weeks/months at a time? 5) Will you process anyone's request for refunds. You are allowed to per kickstarters rules if you want to. Just to go on the record I started out completely in support of this project. Until recently when your intentions did not seem honest anymore is when I started to complain. I have backed over 10 kickstarters and on each one I have been positive without saying even one negative thing. You say you have answered the questions previously but you haven't. Seriously I weren't through every comment you posted and you didn't answer any of the questions I had asked months ago but I digress. I am in agreement with Corey if your are who you claim to be please prove it in one way or another. If you can't then I see no reason to why we should believe any of what you just told us. Also thanks for trying to make it sound like I spammed your Instagram and other services which I didn't. All I did was link to them which looking back at, was wrong and inconsiderate so for that I apologize to my fellow backers that I acted in my anger and made a few immature posts. If your actually telling is the truth please proove it, I would love nothing more than to have Vertus come to life however based on what I have seen so far it is unlikely. Armen, you must have noticed by now that you're being baited. You ignore your Kickstarter project for weeks or months, but you show up as soon as someone accuses you of fraud or being scammers. You shouldn't be surprised if that keeps happening given that it's the only way to get your attention. I'd like to suggest that you silence your critics by posting some photos of your progress so far (prototypes, production lines, packaging, etc.) and a rough timeline that includes when you think you'll be able to ship. If you can't do that, I think you owe everyone an explanation as to why. If you continue to ignore reasonable requests like this, you'll just be alienating the people who wanted to be your support base. @Armen Khachatourian (vertus): So you won't address my questions? @vertus: Welcome to the comment board. Thanks for posting... Please answer these questions: 1) Why is the project so late? Why did you wait so long to tell us the boards are delayed? 2) Why haven't you posted ANY pictures of your work? 3) Why are you so neglectful in answering questions from your backers? 4) What are the next steps in this project once boards are received? How much more time will be needed before you are completed? 5) Why do you think we are upset with you? do you realize that you have let your kickstarter backers down by going radio dark for weeks/months at a time? 6) Will you process anyone's request for refunds. You are allowed to per kickstarters rules if you want to. Since you haven't built anything you should have funds available for anyone's refund request. Just wondering, is there a way to have these guys blacklisted on KS so they can't ever post projects again? <url>"chill" for months now. Being "chill" has gotten us no where.. he hasn't posted ANY pictures of his progress and he doesn't respond to any of our questions. It will never be about the money with me. It's about not being ripped off no matter the amount. Why don't you call out Armen like you are calling us out? @Micheal I'm not gonna spam him in anyway possible I'm just pointing out the fact that after I linked to his profiles he made the made changers immediately to hide them from us. If that doesn't scream deceptive then I don't know what does. Also If he log gin in today (which his profile said he did) how come he couldn't comment on any of the issues we have been bringing up? And maybe your more financially secure than I am but $120 dollars to me is a big chunk of money to me. And what threats have we said besides we want to take legal action? The time of waiting for them to answer is well over This project has gone 7 months passed the original expected completion date. They have not shown us one picture of any type of REAL progress. I even think the photo of armen in the machine shop is photoshopped (look closely). Also whats up with the website mysteriously disappearing? Michael if you can provide valid and real answers or reasons to anything that I have complained about please feel free to tell me but please don't tell me and other people who have been scammed out of their money to chill and wait more when we have already waited for 7 months. They have had AMPLE time to respond in a casual way before things escalated to tho level and they didn't. However i do agree that spamming them won't do any good :) Sorry about the rant everyone Way to be mature adults, yeah if I end up losing the money I'm not going to be happy but the most any one person will lose is $120. Pestering his Facebook and Instagram is childish and isn't going to make vertus want to do anything with this project. If you would just chill and stop making threats they might respond to us. He is such a little shit NOW HE CAN HIDE HIS LINKED IN BEHIND A FAKE PHOTO He made his Instagram private lol good thing other link still works to see his photos and just in case i screens hotted that as well AND HE CHANGED THE PHOTO ON HIS LINKED IN HAHAHAHAHA I just noticed Armen logged into his account today... but he didn't answer any of our comments. Heres where to file a small claims lawsuit in CA. Problem is it looks like you have to show up when your case is called.. Is anyone close to CA and willing to go to court? <url>"fail to deliver" matter. Thank you for a prompt response. This is my first back and I'm very disappointed with how this whole thing is being dealt with. I regular updates, no actual pics, nothing. It's a complete joke and I have lost ALL interest in this product lol 6 months later from when we were promised surveys Creator Vertus Audio on Jul 15, 2013 @Blake @Darshan: We will send the surveys in about two weeks, and regarding the shipping date, along our journey there are stuff that are beyond our control, but we are doing our best to meet our estimated timeline. Biggest joke of a project So vertus logged into their kickstarter account today and made no comments to our questions/requests to refunds.... surprised? I want a refund! 我想退款！ It's clear we've been had with this project. There hasn't been ONE.. NOT ONE.. actual picture of ANYTHING posted for this project... the updates are a complete joke... armen doesn't even respond to ANY of our questions... this is just another kickstarter learning lesson for me. I've shut down kickstarter and will not be funding any more projects.. I can only be had so many times.. I can live with delays. What I don't like is being treated like a mushroom. As Corey mentioned the creators are aware they should be giving regular updates but choose not too. This is why I have lost all confidence in the creators and have requested a refund. Which has also thus far been unsuccessful ! Guess I will just write this one off as a learning experience !! Sadly, Adam, I think you're giving them too much credit. From the project home page: "After the campaign ends successfully, we are going to post updates regularly every Wednesday, to inform you the details of our journey." Presumably, they promised frequent updates because they knew backers care about being in the loop. Unfortunately it seems they were just saying that to get pledges and had no plans to follow through. The lesson I have received from this project: Never back a project when the creator is not a backer to another Kickstarter project. I believe that since they have not backed a project, they do not know how to properly run a Kickstarter project. That has to be why they are not concerned about their monthly updates. That has to be why they are not concerned about making their backers feel like they are actually a part of this project. The reward of a Kickstarter project IMHO, is only a part of being a backer. I backed this project to help this get into the market and watch it happen. I have no idea what is going on in the project. That is the only disappointing part I have about this project. Late projects are fine. That’s just another part of Kickstarter. @ Jerry- Your right. Asking for a refund is in vain as when have Vertus actually delivered on any of their backers requests ? but you can live in hope ! @Isaac- We all want a well built product. However, I think the real question is whether we will receive anything at all. These guys continually go MIA for weeks and dont post updates. When they do let us know what is happening there is normally another delay and their reasons are either sketchy or absent. I'd rather receive a well built and designed product that is late than a rushed product that breaks in a a few weeks. Take your time guys because once we get a good set of long-lasting quality products, all will be good. You guys are barking up the wrong tree, I doubt they will give you a refund... Alright, boys - hate to say, yet again, what you know I'm already going to... But what is going on? Seriously? These little once-a-month comments are not cutting it. If you can't convince us that our dollars were well-invested into development of this product, then everyone of us deserves a full refund. I can speak for many when I say we are tired of this. I'm not going to request pictures, or an updated timeline - the time to post that stuff is long overdue. I'm to the point where I would prefer a refund. You guys are going nowhere. I want a refund! @Blake: Not one picture posted of ANY work since the project ended. On top of this, the website is actually taking credit card orders for this.. and that is downright unethical to take preorders on a product you haven't even posted one picture of. And there has been no direct interaction with ANY backer of anything project related. These are all the telltale signs of a failed kickstarter. I would also like a refund immediately. This is a scam and I've already reported this project and I suggest others do the same I think it's great that you're trying to make "the most advanced Bluetooth adapter in the world," but that isn't what I signed up for and the constant delays so you can chase that goal aren't acceptable to me. I'd like a refund as well, please. Armen Khachatourian: I heareby request a full refund for my pledge. You have not provided timely updates and the updates you have posted are lacking critical information for this project. Why haven't you interacted with the backers more? Why has their been a 6 month delay? Why did you wait so long to tell the backers you won't be getting the boards for another MONTH. Please process a refund or let me know why you won't grant me one. Kickstarter rules say you can most certainly issue refunds. REFUND. @michael Well said, couldn't agree more. You guys promised and update not a comment, it's been a month since the last update and all this tells us is that it will be another 3 weeks till anything happens. I'm excited for the project but I want to know what is going on. Weekly updates not monthly comments. I'm glad you are getting things done correctly but the thing that bothers me is we are a part of this too and we are being kept in the dark. I have backed and will be receiving a project since your last update. Take pictures of your progress, if these small updates are all were going to get at least give them weekly. You say were now waiting on the boards, are the housings in? Do you have a working product for us to see yet, any videos of the product. If you have the boards being shipped that means you got one working. Let us see it. I invested in your project because it is an awesome product, I could have gone to best buy and found something similar but I like being part of the projects. Please vertus don't make me regret helping you. Vertus is in the last stages of development! Apparently in MAY !!! This is one of the reasons I backed you guys ! Yet you are still in development 8 Months on. I understand things change but at the time I backed I was not to know this. The boards are already a month late not including this additional 3 weeks. You guys suck big time at project mgmt. When are we getting a proper update ? The delay on the boards surely changes the entire timeline of this project yet you dont care to let us know. You mention progress but I can't see any. Where exactly has any progress been made ?? My attitude towards this project has changed and I am therefore requesting an immediate REFUND ! I'm definitely holding off on supporting new Kickstarters after this one unless it's done by a group that has already successfully launched and delivered a Kickstarter product in the past. Sad times I say it's another disappointing update. This project is as sterile as it gets with creator interaction.. he could care less about us.. Any bets on content? An actual photo of the Vertus or another digital picture? Or just text? I am still excited to get this, but the Vertus team took away all the fun when it comes to backing a project. Like another project I backed that is also late, I'm completly fine with it since the creator is very much active on exactly what is going on. The update will most definitely be posted 11:59pm PST. My money is on 11:59:59 ! and its better be good or they will have a heep of very angry backers. I bet the update isn't posted until 11:59pm tonight PST. Needs an update Vertus. @garett: agreed. I backed this and so far it looks like my money went to his pocket. If this is indeed the case, it won't be the end of the story.. trust me... look at this article that I helped get written about another deadbeat project I stupidly backed: <url>" Its now 2nd week in Jan are we getting a response to the questions being asked with regards to the Dec deadline? @ Vertus. You really need to keep your backers better informed. @dqpb: I agree.. no more kickstarter for me.. vertus is one of the reasons why. Thanks vertus! Having the same problems on Soundband project. All bells and whistles till after funding then lame updates. They would answer questions before funding but now don't even bother. Think this is it for me on kick starter. I motion project is heading that way as well. @vertus, enjoy a couple of drinks on me...... Just to give you guys an idea on how much we have been duped by these guys... From April 23rd-May23rd there were a total of 45 Comments/Questions answered by Vertus. This was during the funding period. From May24th, when the funding period ended to now (January 6th) Vertus has only left 21 comments and 5 of them were nothing more than "update coming". So that's 45 posts in 30 days when they needed money... and then once the money was received they only posted 16 times in 7 and a half months. To me, this speaks volumes about the integrity and honesty of this whole project. Thanks vertus for taking the money and running. I forgot to wish everyone at Vertus Audio a Happy New Year! This project is yet another horrible project I've backed on kickstarter. NO updates... NO comments posted from anyone at vertus.. NO real timeline.. NO photos of ANY REAL PRODUCT... what a bunch of fucking scammers. Kickstarter really needs to have more accountability or else it's going to go away... the more backers get ripped off, the less people will back.. and then it's bye bye kickstarter.. and vertus is just another example of this. From Update 7 on November 16th: "We are expecting our first run of prototypes at the end of December" As we haven't heard anything positive, it seems like something went wrong and you're off schedule again. I think an update with a production / shipping schedule is owed to your backers. Don't take this the wrong way - I want you guys to succeed! However you're already four months past the delivery date and you've offered no proof that ANY manufacturing has taken place. Skepticism should be expected when updates are few and far between. I wouldn't expect another update for a while.. and when we get one it will be another cartoon drawing. I.e The protypes mentioned in Update 7 had been received and testing was underway. Maybe even a picture or 2 of the prototype would be nice. Or is this going to be another promise that Vertus can't keep. 24 hours to go. The clock is ticking! I expect another update will already be prepared to let us know if the Dec target was achieved! So based on the last two updates we are atleast 12 weeks away from even a chance at shipping.. that puts us on a march/april track... not what I signed up for.. and until I see real pictures this project leaning towards a scam. I was kinda hoping that this project had moved passed being virtual and had become a reality. Sadly still no hard evidence of this being achieved. REFUND PLEASE??? Your right the update was what they said it was going to be. It's just frustrating to see such little progress and lack of communication. I'm actually worried that you guys might run out of money and end up making a subpar product, thoughts? I get your guys frustration but they delivered they promised a short update and that's what we got, yes it is computer generated but if you read the post they said it was coming in soon. Thank you Vertus for the update, I hope to see actual pictures when you get them in. Merry Christmas I so this short update is actually a cartoon? no real pictures of an actual product.... great update for this SCAM. 7 months AFTER funding and all you have for show is 2 computer generated pictured that look like a 5th grader could make in Microsoft word. honestly not surprised by another disappointing update. 4 hours before xmas on the east coast... where is the update?? Christmas day on the east coast is in 6 hours. This update is scheduled to be "before" Christmas. I hope we get pictures. If we don't, I'm really going to think this was one big scam. thank you for deeming us worthy of a "short" update. you have failed us on the communication front my friend...I was excited to see pictures of the project as we progressed to completion.. but nope.. all we get is a "short" update sometime "before Christmas" Creator Vertus Audio 6 days ago @Andrew Casey: We are going to post a short update soon before Christmas. Still counting on you!!!!!!! I hope this update will be good. We deserve that. It would be nice, though to finally get it. As I am getting Bluetooth Speaker Christmas deals left and right. With the vertus, i could use my existing speakers! and not spend more money $. Some postive comments can not hurt. Remember this is Kickstarter, not a retail business. I just received a kickstarter project last week (Dec 2013) that was pledged in November 2012 . . . a year later and 1 year after the projected ship date! But it finally arrived and I did need a lot of patience! @Stefan LOL Christmas 2013 ? We all are!!!!!!!! Looking forward to it We are we begging for updates? This is ridiculous. Vertus any chance of an update? Even if it's just a pic of your current prototype and expected production date. "@Dvir Shimon Sasson: Asking for more updates is a right of all our backers and we totally understand that" But you really don't understand that or else you would give us more. If you really do understand and don't give us more then you are just disrespecting the backers. @Vertus Dvir comments should come as no surprise. Your update is a month old- you do not address comments on KS. What is left? How can you expect backer faith in you - when you offer so little in return. WE WANT to believe and root for you - just give us the reasons why!! Frequent updates / comments more images / videos of progress deadlines / milestones good bad and the ugly!! Whatever!! Sorry - but over 1000 backers came to your project for a reason, the doubting..you produced on your own. All this said - I know this is not a scam...and I believe you can do better with communicating... We all do! Now come on - lets see that communicative spirit! How about an update and a few photos! Thank-you, JJ By the looks of it you can take a pretty long vacation with $68,431.00. How's the beach Vertus? Have a drink on us! So you only come out of hiding when someone thinks this project is a scam? I have definitely stopped backing alot of projects on kickstarter because of guys like cobra wallet and vertus.. They promise you the world.. then take your money hide. Eventually this will be the downfall of kickstarter. @ Vertus, You can't blame Dvir for thinking this maybe a scam ! There have been no pictures, vids or any hard evidence that you have developed this product any further since May. We are 7 months down the line and yet still no pictures. Backers have been asking for pictures for months now and as usual you chose to ignore the requests. I would be happy to take my money back now and be done with it as I requested many times before. I'm accusing because I'm frustrated. Besause I've started to think "What if". You've got responsabilities towards your backers, and the basic thing to do is just post an update, once in couple of days saying that "Hey guys, everything is going well\bad, this is what we acomplished in this time". It's not too much to ask. So please prove me wrong. Please, show me and all of your backers that you mean business and devoted to this project. I got a really bad feeling about this project, smells like a large scam! The only reason, for my opinion, you used Jambox in the youtube vid, is that it's a BT speaker! I didn't see any vid, whatsoever, of a working product, which works as a standalone. I'm a patient man, I can understand hiccups and problems. But when you just say pretty words with no proof, that's when I start to question your integrity. You better post some, pics, vids, and update regulary. I'm already starting to regret backing this product. @Vertus Over 1000 backers. 1 month later. Update 0. Comments 0. I thought this was resolved. Any news is still news. Any progress. The good and the bad. Radio silence is just bad practice. We won't lie...we expect more Vertus. Any chance of another update when you surface from the Bat Cave !!! In the last update you mentioned everything coming together round about the 28th Dec. Is this still on track ?? Have there been more hiccups ??? Has there been any progress in the month since the last update ???? I can deal with the project taking longer than expected, I understand it takes time to get things right. part of me backing you though is for me to be part of the process, I could have gone to best buy and bought something very similar. Previous purchases through kick started make me look forward to seeing how it is made. The fact that you can't seem to respond to comments, or post updates makes me think you aren't really doing anything and my money is being waisted. I want results, pictures, updates, comments. From my understanding kick starter is a place for you to get your company off the ground or at least a product line, but you aren't going to last a week with your customer service. How am I supposed to expect to get any help once I receive my product if you can't even seem to respond to the people who backed your project in the first place. I am very disappointed and skeptical about the progress of this project. @ vertus "After the campaign ends successfully, we are going to post updates regularly every Wednesday, to inform you the details of our journey.“ LIAR! Last update and comments replied was 23 days before. I would like to see the updated prototype pictures ? I don't why it's take long time to take pictures and post as update? Doesn't matter if it will be only 2-3 pictures and no words to write long things. Only pictures work for me. Last update and comments replied was 23 days before. I would like to see the updated prototype pictures ? I don't why it's take long time to take pictures and post as update? Doesn't matter if it will be only 2-3 pictures and no words to write long things. Only pictures work for me. “Project Updates: After the campaign ends successfully, we are going to post updates regularly every Wednesday, to inform you the details of our journey.“ Pictures would speak a thousand words for us. Thanks guys. @Michael +1 @vertus as of the last update you were still working on a prototype. Is that done? If so can we get some pictures of progress. Also from what I understood from the last update we were looking at 6 to 8 weeks from the end of December? Is that still the case? I know that it doesn't help that the backers are all over you guys but by the time were looking at getting our product almost 9 months after funding ended. Yes, some pictures would be great! Would nice to see something if just to keep the dream alive ;) Last update look so promising and feel good for us. If is possible please can we have some pictures of new prototype of Vetus that you guys made changes. Thank you. @Vertus Thank-you for the update. I have never run a KS project so I will not give you any "tips" on how to go about it. I will tell you what I would have wanted. (Hopefully you take this as potential advice and not a complaint) :) I would have loved if some of those milestones and developments were delivered earlier on in 2-3 updates prior to this one. It would be more manageable for me, and give me that much required sense of backer involvement. All in all it sounds like leaps and bounds have been made! Like a timeline is in place, like improvements are being considered. Way to strive for the best Vertus! ...and remember...even if you don't think its significant...over 1000 backers would't mind getting an update saying.."hey alls good! - movin forward". It seems we have a few months ahead and look forward to further updates and a healthier communication exchange as this exciting product develops! Good luck! Your backer, JJ Sums it up really. No update as promised and not even an explanation as to why! What's happening Vertus? 1am eastern now. Not surprised So no update today? 12 am eastern and no update. All we have is our word...and we were told we would get an update today. time difference or not we should have had the update by now... They're in LA so it's only 1PM there. Lots of time left for them to come through with their promised update! :) 11/15 is ticking away.... where are you update??? This could really all have been prevented with a degree of transparency and a healthy dose of communication, and I really don't think the latter has been hammered home hard enough. As a backer I personally want this project to be a success because I believe in what the project is and because I invested hard earned money in it, I respect the process but it's that same process that provides me and all the other backers right to demand to be included in development of this project, its the this process that states that we have the right to be updated. it should never have come to the point where I or anyone else should be demanding anything from anybody because to begin with, it's just as simple as common courtesy. I rarely check on the comments as an attempt to shield myself from utter disappointment but here I am and things seems to have gotten worst just by the tone of all these comments. Looking forward to Friday!! Lets just wait for the update. Kevin has a point you know..... Just to drive my point home.. we have had only TWO updates since the project ended in May. Thats's 2 updates in 6 months. That's not really including us in the process or keeping us in the loop about how this project is progressing. This project was slated to finish in August.. and now we are looking at January but probably more like Feb/March... so asking for more/better updates isn't asking much considering they are so behind from their original dates @matthew so by asking for updates and asking to be included in the project more is not respecting the process? In case you missed it.. here is a quote from kickstarter's website: "What do backers get in return?" Backers that support a project on Kickstarter get an inside look at the creative process, and help that project come to life Hmm... we haven't had either from this project. +1 for Friday - We are behind you Vertus Audio - Hence the word Backers! Love the build up to the update - love exciting new projects! Love Vertus Audio!! @Matthew, With any project there still has to be an element of accountability and communication. Which this project severly lacks. ? I think you will find this is the main criticism of Vertus. I for one am willing to reserve judgement until the long awaited announcement on Friday. I beseech the backers to leave these guys alone. The purpose of Kickstarter is to fund innovation, not to **** about "what's yours." Invention is far from an exact science. To the Vertus creators, I have but a single comment: Those who respect the process are with you all the way. @vertus: you are doing yourself no favors by waiting so long to post updates. What happens is that you wait so long we all expect the next update to be epic.. and when it's not you look bad. I said it before and I'll say it again.. You were so eager to answer all questions during the funding process.. but once the project closed, so did your openess to us backers. I am on kickstarter to be apart of the entrie process.. whether it's a 2 line update or a 300 line update.. we all just want to be included in the process... This "update" on 11/15 better be good. I too am concerned about the complete failure in communication. Nearly half a year has gone by since funding ended and we've only seen two updates despite the promise of one per week. The most optimistic shipping estimate is three weeks away, and there's no indication that this project even has a prototype. If you want to win back your backers, just answer some of the questions posted in here! It'll take you all of 10 minutes - you certainly owe us that much. Ladies and gentlemen, the producers of Vertus do not follow the ethics of Kickstarter in which they keep us constantly updated. The creator even came out and said "We understand your concern, but it is essential to mention that a Kickstarter backer, not only believes in the project but more importantly trusts its creators and that's a case that is not followed here by a select few." Sir, all I have to say to you is that is no way to handle PR for your company in any shape or form. You have 1,079 backers of all levels, and you keep us in the dark except these below 10 updates from the fund date? Are you mad? You act like we owe you nothing in return except patience while things work their way out. As many of us are backers of many projects, we've been around the block and are used to delays. The thing we're not used to nor do we take kindly to is being kept in the dark about development. KS'ers are supposed to be the fostering for your new customer-base and thus should be kept in the loop on scheduling, delays and the like. Professional or personal it doesn't matter. What I hope for is a Vertus Audio system in the next coming months (maybe early 2014 at latest), but I am not having high hopes anymore. I've checked this project too many times for updates only to be disappointing by seeing none. Let this be a lesson if you choose to proceed with future products, keep your customer/fan base engaged or they will fail to support you any longer. Ok, I've kept quiet till now....... I agree with Blake. There is no actual clear indication of whats going on just false promises of updates...... sorry for a few spelling mistakes I forgot to proofread. @Matt yea I agree, but I just have a tiny bit of hope each time thinking "maybe this time will be different" but its been over 3 weeks of me asking pretty simple questions with literally no acknowledgment. It pains me to see that this is how a backer is treated. Apparently i'm sure i'm one of the "select few" the creator mentioned in his comment: "project but more importantly trusts its creators and that's a case that is not followed here by a select few" But I feel as though these are reasonable questions that should be at least acknowledged and no ignored. The backer tries to make the people asking questions are the bad guys but in reality what has he REALLY shown us? no prototypes, dodgy updates, wont answer questions, I would love to "trust the creator" as he himself states but what has he given us to reinforce that trust? False promises of when updates will be, ignoring simple and reasonable questions, even putting down some of his backers. I have backed over 10 projects and love kickstarted but the way this project has been is just saddening. @blake — I don't think posting the same thing over and over is going to help but I feel your pain @vertus — I can only assume you have something truly awesome to announce when you do When will you be likely finished the testing stage ? Are you still on track for the Dec/Jan shipping ? Have you received some of the new parts that you mentioned in the previous official "update", Have you even been testing the product with the new materials yet? Have you finished designing our new main board. Did you finish modifying the beta software? @ Creators- I know I must be included in the select few. However, If you opened up your lines of communication with "The select few" then maybe they wouldn't be feeling as anxious as they are. I don't enjoy being treated like a mushroom and having to pay for the pleasure. Just process my refund and be done with it. So far I backed 14 projects from January 2013 including one that just 20 minutes ago project called "Sticko" @Vertus Team- I don't know how many people in your team but just wanted to say in my 14 projects there are 3-4 project delayed too but still they are communicate with their backers not answering questions but with behind the scene videos and pictures and production updates and big fixing like things too.. And other backers are so happy right now. Some of projects like CST-01 worlds thinnest watch, Thermodo, etc. you and my fellow backers should visit and see their comments and updates. Many backers here already backed these projects too. When will you be likely finished the testing stage ? Are you still on track for the Dec/Jan shipping ? Have you received some of the new parts that you mentioned in the previous official "update", Have you even been testing the product with the new materials yet? Have you finished designing our new main board. Did you finish modifying the beta software? I for one appreciate the response. Trust is a given (that is the meaning of a "backing or pledging") or else we backers would not attach themselves to this project. The project is the creators - not the physical item. Therefore we trust you in order to back you. I hope I am not generically profiled as part of any "select few". Also I did say "borders on disrespectful". I for one am satisfied (and would have been satisfied) with an answer like the one given: "We don't know...." Only now is your answer clear. Details to follow on an update we could look forward to on November the 15. Again, we all appreciate your response, are behind & trust the creators 100%, are excited about the project, and do not want to be any kind of hindrance. at the end of the day we are the ones that helped make this happen. We want information, not sabotage! Thanks again! @VA - with a delay comes an increase in communication, not a decrease. How many times should Blake Long ask his very valid questions. Not only is this bad KS management - but borders on disrespectful. Maybe this will all be finished around Christmas time? It would be really nice if that was the case. I'm starting to feel annoyed at the lack of communication. I understand sometimes delays happen and for whatever reasons deadlines aren't able to be met. I get that this is all part of the process but when you shut out the people that backed your idea, you're alienating the very people that believed in your project and wanted to be included in the process. It doesn't take long to post a quick update about how things are going. Much less wait MONTHS in between any kind of communication. This is starting to get ridiculous. You were happy to accept backer funds but when it comes down to relaying even the slightest bit of an update, you're MIA When will you be likely finished the testing stage ? Are you still on track for the Dec/Jan shipping ? Have you received some of the new parts that you mentioned in the previous official "update", Have you even been testing the product with the new materials yet? Have you finished designing our new main board. Did you finish modifying the beta software? Any updates?? Can you please update about my issue?I already email and also post the amazon transaction ID!Looking forward for your reply!Thanks a lot Thanks @evan. @Vertus — do you think we'll get an update sometime in November? The last official update was in August and I would think that there would at least be an update the month before your planned to start shipping things out. I know that this project will be as rewarding when it's done as it is stressful. Thanks When will you be likely finished the testing stage ? When do you plan on sharing some visuals of the prototypes ? When will we get a proper update ? Can I have a refund ? Hi The Amazon Transaction ID: 17RAS572H79JMQOZ5GHFJDGLO2QIRLKRIRN Best regards When will you be likely finished the testing stage ? Are you still on track for the Dec/Jan shipping ? Have you received some of the new pars that you mentioned in the previous official "update", Have you even been testing the product with the new materials yet? Have you finished designing our new main board. Did you finish modifying the beta software? @Matt You have no mailing address on record yet because they have not taken a backer survey yet. Therefore you have nothing to change :) Hi I've pledge $89 One VERTUS SYSTEM (set of two receivers and a charging station) with shipping outside US($10)!When project was funded the payment as been done thorugh Amazon for that amount but now I found that my pledge shows only one receiver with total amount of $39($29+$10)!II think I've made some error as I tried to add an extra receiver to my pledge and I was new in kickstarter...So can you please advise about this issue!I've tried to contact several times privately without any reply from you!Thanks I've back alot of kickstarter projects and they are all starting to follow a pattern.. during the funding stage the creators are sooo accessible and eager to answer any and all questions.. then the funding period ends and questions start to go unanswered and the communication slows down... and this is yet another kickstarter continuing the trend It doesn't take long to post a small update to let us know what's going on.. We backed you because we would like to be a part of the process.. we want to know how things are going at the various stages of the project... Don't shut us out because once that happens there will be a backer revolt. I'm sure I'm referring to the obvious but I just wanted to make sure that I'll be able to change my mailing address before this item ships (whenever it ships). Thanks 11 weeks since last official update !!! and nothing solid to show that any progress has been made. A couple of photo's would be nice. A revised timetable of progression would be even better ! Your backers are starting to feel like mushrooms. @Creator Vertus Audio - I also believe communication & transparency are key. What you deem insignificant is in fact gold to your backers. Participation comes from reading and commenting on progress - regardless if they may be baby steps or giant leaps. All questions here are valid. All backers have a "stake" in your product. As you mentioned "helping the creators in the project development process..." How can we help if we don't have the necessary information. A comment here, a suggestion there, and even a "bravo!" could go a long way. Don't discount your backers! We are there for the project, can you be there for us? @creator: You spent time replying with an attitude about not giving back a refund instead of even TRYING to give a a new update on your progress. Like we have stated MULTIPLE times before we want to feel included in this project. there fore communication is necessary. Please answer these questions: (which have been asked at least once before but never answered) When will you be likely finished the testing stage ? Are you still on track for the Dec/Jan shipping ? Have you received some of the new pars that you mentioned in the previous official "update", Have you even been testing the product with the new materials yet? Have you finished designing our new main board. Did you finish modifying the beta software? I fully understand my part in this. However, I am not sure that you are fulfilling your responsibilities with your backers. Please see " Accountability" in the Kickstarter 101. I have posted the link below for your reference. <url>“ This is Kickstarter and not Amazon” I know ! I have backed lots of projects and have not had a problem with the communications. Also one of the reasons for my backing was that I was supposed to feel involved in the project which I no longer do. @Vertus- whatever you said in comment yesterday please do it same thing in update so all backers will informed automatically. Some people like me and others not reading and checking everyday only comments. That comments you did yesterday would look like its update. I don't know how many backers got inform from that comment. Still most of the backers thought your communication is very poor with them since you keep commenting which seems to be update. Update don't need to be big information or news. Let updates reach 30-40 numbers it's ok. People are mad because they are not getting information about the project process by updates not project being delayed. Thanks still have hope to receive Vertus by end of the year or jan 2014. I pledge for CST-01 worlds slimmest watch since January 2013 and they were saying initially that est delivery would be October but in Jun-July they updated that est delivery would be January 2014 and still they keep updating often. Samething happened with Crosskix project and Thermodo project too. When will you be likely finished the testing stage ? When do you plan on sharing some visuals of the prototypes ? When will we get a proper update ? Are you still on track for the Dec/Jan shipping ? Armen, I agree with @Blake a small nothing update to you is a huge inclusion for us backers. As @Blake said we funded you and it's nice to be included. Don't just reply on posting the odd comment. The comment you just made should be an Update that gets proactively sent out to your backers so it makes us feel included. Although it seems you have not backed any other projects I have backed over 15 and I have seen a good positive and happy crowd of funders turn into an angry and to be honest quite wrong mob not being positive at all. A lot of funders think this is Amazon oh how wrong they are!! so the inclusion is very important. Positive thumbs up from me, crack on. ++ :) This user's account has been deleted. @creator: I am sure there has been SOMETHING you can share with your backers. since your las update nearly TWO months ago. Maybe something like: we received some of the new pars, or we have been testing the product with the new materials or maybe, we finished designing our new main board. Did you finish modifying the beta software? These are all things backers would love a general update on! Creator Vertus Audio on Sep 13 "Guys, everything is going fine and be assured that we are doing our job. We are working back and forth with the engineering teams in different aspects and we will post updates when we get to important points in the journey. As of now, we are testing and modifying the beta software on our new development boards and also designing the new main board and dealing with other technical aspects of the project." Just let us know how everything you mentioned in your comment a month ago has been going. Try communicating with the people who have helped fund you. Im done commenting asking for things that you the creator should provide to your backers without making us beg you. Im done 6 weeks now without an update !!! Surely something has happened in this time that worth sharing with your backers? Although I really like the product I have my doubts over the management of the project. 6 weeks and still nothing to report concerns me. Do we have a perspective ship date? Last I heard was December is that still looking the same? Thanks for the mini-update This user's account has been deleted. @Andy Rosario - I am kinda getting the same feeling, although I think we are stuck unless Vertus personally OK it. Good luck trying to get a response though !! anyone if and how i can get a refund? Hello guys, any updates? Agreed with below, quick status update would be great guys. Status update would be nice. Thanks Any updates? its been awhile. even if its the same info you share it still means alot to backers that you communicate regularly. "After the campaign ends successfully, we are going to post updates regularly every Wednesday, to inform you the details of our journey." Yet nothing for 2 weeks. Can we have an update please ? @Vertus- Any Update from new suppliers of Bluetooth or any news for Backers?? Thanks for the reply! Are there any kickstarter discount though? Just a couple of questions: 1) Does the host audio device required any software to enable Vertus to function as a transmitter? Or is it simply plug and play, like how you usually do with wired headphone or speakers except now it is replaced by Vertus? 2) If say I want to connect my mp3 player without a bluetooth module to a pair of unconnected speakers, I will required 3 Vertus devices for the setup? 3) If the above is true, is it still possible to order additional Vertus device now? 4) Any news on the USB dust plug and (preferably) hard case container to house all the accessories? (It will be nice if you can include a soft pouch as housing for free and a shock-proof hard case for sale on your website later on if cost is a problem, which it probably will) Thank you for letting us know!! I agree you guys made a good decision in switching suppliers, just next time don't wait so long to let us know! I for one got a little skeptical with the lack of info, however this update has restored my faith in the project. Thanks for the info! Thanks for the update guys! I understand the turn overs and hope everything goes fine with the new changes. Best regards, @cesar: Seriously! guys, you are missing the promised dates for the update, that make us doubt about the delivery dates and how serious are you with the project, project timeline and backers, please provide an update! Update??? Hopefully today we get an update Guys, please do not lost focus on how important is the delivery date for the backers, I understand how exciting is to be interviewed by a magazine and all the duties around the success, but if something will make you shift down the delivery dates you need to let us know in advance, not at last minute. We are getting anxious in august without receiving the survey, hope everything is on track if not please let us know. Thanks and best regards, Hey guys, it's been a long time since you updated us with some details. I have a feeling that something happened and you're just waiting to know more. I'm ready for the bad news - but c'mon guys, just update us. Im not sure if im reading it correctly but from my kickstarter app I can see an update from them posted 3 days ago. The level of communication on this project has been very disappointing. I honestly hope that the lack of communication is not indicative of larger issues. Even small updates are appreciated, as it is important to maintain confidence in the project. Updates are investments in future enthusiastic supporters, which will be more than critical to a newly formed company. 5 1/2 days ago I was told there would be an update however no update has been presented. Even if it bad news, communication is appreciated. An update would be good ? Last one was over a month ago. Also, As we are now into the project delivery month, it would be good to know how much longer we are going to have to wait beyond August ? As he last update hinted at delays. Please stop asking for the survey. You haven't even seen the product in the second version/color/finish! I would like to see the other color and then receive a survey NO EARLIER than 3 days later. I don't want to be pressured with the survey the instant the photo of the other color is released, or even worse, BEFORE it is released. @Vertus: just curious that still you did not send the surveys and est. delivery showed for August. Will you make it delivery by the August or it will go in September? If you are behind the schedule just let us know its not big deal but just keep us informed.. Very excited for Vertus to use in my car!!! Not trying to be a wet blanket, but what happened to the update yesterday? Will you be collecting the survey anytime soon? Thank you! Just as graeme said a few weeks ago, regular updates, even if unnecessary, are extremely appreciated. Thanks for the reply... It means every time when you go out of range and come back in range you have to go in settings and select the Vertus from the phone. Got it.. One more question after how many minutes Vertus went in stand by mode after not being playing music? 10-15 min?? I have the same question as @darshan I'm not sure this question is already covered or not? Q: when the Vertus will go in standby mode after long time not using bluetooth we have to turn it on to connect or play the music? -Situation like if I'm using Vertus in my car playing music via Vertus from my phone and for some time I went out from car and coming back in the car after 1 hour than can I play music right away or I have to turn it on Vertus or not? Or I can play music since its already on and bluetooth will connect automatically as it will come in the range? so please share Anything to share with us ? Update frequency was supposed to be every 2 weeks, as yet this has not happened. If nothing to report then fair enough but please keep us informed. Any update for us? @Veryus Audio I know some people are eager to get their survey, but the survey is not going to make them receive their pledge rewards any faster if you guys are not ready. So please do not send out the survey yet, I don't want to choose my color till I see a picture of the other color model. @creator Thank you for the response! Survey? It has been nearly 2 months since the project was funded. Or at least another update would be nice. Also are the shipping dates still estimated to be in August? Waiting for survey See! 30 minutes later and the update is here! I hope everything works out smoothly! Cut them some slack guys, I'm sure the Vertus Audio team is working hard. They had great communication during the course of the project, and while that has tapered off a little recently, that just indicates to me that they are working hard. They only missed the scheduled update by a few days, I'm sure we'll hear from them real soon. You showed faith in them by backing their project, all I ask is that you continue to have faith and show your support. We'll have this product in our hands soon enough :) The extreme lack of communication is really disappointing and for a project that was funded close to 6 weeks ago, this is starting to feel sketchy. Are we ever going to get an update? I'm really disappointed with the communication Update today? :) Thanks guys. That will do for me. One thing I have learned as a kickstarter backer is that if you keep backers informed regularly then they are in general reasonably happy to sit back and watch the project evolve. Time for an update Guys. The promise was every 2 weeks. Its now over 5 since any official update and a week of any contact whatsoever. Can you please let your backers know what is happening ? any updates or predictions on when the survey will be shipped out? Any updates on the transmitter? I would love to use this with my TV so I don't wake the kids playing Xbox or watching a movie thanks for the update! i was getting a little worried lol. chug along! Thanks for the confirmation, looking forward to getting the product and perhaps the add-on as well! any updates would be nice? I am getting anxious about this Any updates? @vertus it seems I've been charged, however I haven't received an amazon email yet. Nor the survey email. @vertus ive been charged for the pledge but i had email from Amazon. Thank you looking forward to receiving this. Vertus - got charged after two days very odd. A project that just funded late last night got charged at 6 am. Thanks for asking. Haha great minds think alike? Just kidding :) Erm... then is it possible to pack double add-on simultaneously? Will the additional weight be an issue, both horizontally & vertically? Any update on the production? @creator have you sent out surveys yet? I was also charged on the 24th of May, but i haven't gotten the survey yet. Did you ever send them out? I was charged a few days after the project was funded, so I don't think everyone has experienced the charging issue. I can't believe I actually forget to ask about this, but will there be there soft/hard casing to house the Vertus system? (preferably enough space to keep the accessories together as well.) Will be great if it's made to be shock-proof since it's a delicate electronic gadget. Still haven't been charged. Haha, getting a little nervous. So I pledged for 1 $29 receiver. Anyway I can increase that right now? I want to get two more. Are you working on a transmitter? If/when will it be available on your site? Cheers Pete My payment was taken on 24 May. I'm looking forward to seeing the Vertus! Ive been checking my account and still no payment has been taken at all. Maybe its because of the bank holiday here in the uk? This is the only project thats im having trouble knowing whats happening since the funding ended. @Vertus Audio I had the wrong credit card on file, switched it to the correct one today. Can you please confirm whether or not you received my payment of $59? I was wondering if it's possible to include some basic media controls into a receiver add-on or integrated into the transmitter itself. Maybe 3 buttons, volume up/down and a play/pause button. Previous and next track functions can be done by double-clicking or click-and-hold either of the buttons. Will come in really handy when required. For my case most of them get charged around the 48th hour. Maybe it varies by country? Anyway I already got charged for Vertus project a little while ago. Looking forward to try out my Vertus with Grain Audio's OEHP! On a side note, I know we won't be getting the transmitter for this KS project, but any tidbits on how it will look like/work? Yagami - seriously? I have backed 70+ projects (with about 55 that finished) and have always received an email saying payment has succeeded within 12 hours except two projects including this one. I am just trying to help the company to get the money. Guys relax, from experience usually the cards will only get charged 2~3 days after the funding ended. Helge Thelen Hi Armen. I am checking my credit card constantly, but there is no deduction from Amazon. Can you kindly explain, what's going on or tell me what I or you can do about it. Thanks. Vertus Audio - could you please check your payment setup with Amazon? As I haven't gotten charged and should have done by now. Another project, the project had the same problem too and got it resolved by Amazon. @Heri: Nice research! +1 to AptX implementation, I'm pretty sure the iPhone 5S will have it and it could be retroactive. Congrats Vertus Audio! Good luck with production! That is certainly not a cool move in my book as csr’s AptX makes a massive difference in my opinion. <url>~42hrs to clear my room completely... or someone else is gonna be lucky and get the Vertus for $79... eager beavers get your fingers ready. or not! What codec does the Vertus support over AD2P? I am wondering how the device will be turned on and off? I assume to turn it on it will be by taping it, but how is it turned off. Will it turn off automatically if it isn't connected to a Bluetooth device or if it is unplugged? @Vertus Audio - just backed up your project with additional 10 $ for International shipment, but I couldn't change it to ship outside US. As this is my first time pledge (and KickStarter "help" didn't help me at all), should I worry or I'll be getting my Vertus Audio anyway? For reference, I pledge it from Serbia, Europe. Tnx for the reply and keep the good work (I liked that "artistic touch" with microUSB port ;) ) FYI! I can across this: I assume this connects you to a single source - not multiple ones - and I am not sure if its stereo! <url>#2, they add a micro USB port into the receiver, so you can connect the USB adaptor direct into receiver while it is plugged into the speaker to charge. @bobo I believe most AUX ports are not designed to give power. Unless they specific that they do. They are mostly simply for audio. I am not familiar with electronic things. But is there a way to charge it by simply plugging it into the car aux dock and pulling electricity out of the aux dock? Hello I was lucky enough to get an early bird. I have a question though. Can the receiver work while on the charging station. Perhaps we can have an option later to upgrade to a transmitter base, or delay our order till it arrives? Pretty, pretty, please add the transmitter!!! I would love to be able to connect my old ipod. Congratulations Vertus on reaching your pledge goal! Ok! Thank you! @Elena Transmitter function in the charging base means that the charging base can act as a transmitter for our dumb devices which doesn't have bluetooth function. Example, some people still have pocket radio, or old ipod, that doesn't have bluetooth. If the charging base has a bluetooth transmitter we can just easily plug those pocket radio/ipod into the charging base, and voila, you can stream music from your old peripheral to your speaker. @Angelo That's probably why they really take our comment onboard and hopefully include those transmitter function in the charging station (as a stretch goal, maybe?) I have a question.. Why would one want the charging station with one receiver if you can just plug in directly into the receiver to charge. I'm trying to see if its worth the extra money for the charging station or not. What the transmitter funcionality means? Will it work with a lot of speakers? I have three hidden radio and I want ti connect all of them. Thank you and congratulations! Another vote for transmitter functionality to be included in the charging base. It should be there in the first place because it will enable almost all devices to be wirelessly enabled. @Mark - I agree with you, it should have line input first, other input type second. Thanks... Can't wait to hear about your (transmitter add-on) Another example of using the transmitter is with Livescribe Pen recorder or any other mp3 recorder .. As Livescribe pen has a built in speaker & mic as well as a 3.5mm port: The transmitter will be plugged into the recorder on one hand. And on the other hand The receiver will be plugged into a mini mic or a earphone.. Do you think it will work this way? Best,,, Congrats to Vertus and all the bakers, can't wait to have my Vertus :-) We made it ! Is the "transmitter" function going to be from a USB input or a 3.5mm line input. A 3.5mm line input for bluetooth streaming from a turntable would be neat. Yup. I like the clip idea and I'm excited to use this with Grain Audio products too! +1 on the clip idea :) Awesome, congrats Vertus Audio! I'm so glad this project is finally funded. I'm still pushing for my original attachable clip case idea though, for when a customer is using a Vertus receiver in conjunction with the coupler, to make a pair of headphones connect with their device via bluetooth. Original comment: "What about some sort of clip (like on the iPod shuffle) to attach the Vertus receiver to your clothes when you're using it to make a pair of earbuds work as Bluetooth earbuds? It could fit around the Vertus receiver as to be removable, like those plastic case clips on cell phone beepers (remember those little devices? Haha). Possible stretch goal???" Guess we're the same then Nathan. I can't wait to pair this up with Grain Audio's Over Ear Headphones! Congrats :) can't wait to get my hands on this I would like to see a video that shows Vertus playing in the car Stereo. This user's account has been deleted. Congrats! We did it! Any stretch goal(s) for a final sprint? Well, that's another story if you have them done beforehand. I think now is a great time to pull out anything else you might be hiding under your sleeves. Showhand, anyone? :) @vertus audio thank you for explaining. I think adding a new major functionality can potentially screwed up the delivery time and overall quality. Maybe they can sell it as an add-on on their website later-on and we backers can purchase it with a one-time discount? +1 for Bluetooth sender +1 for belt clip. (ie making your headphones wireless while doing activity while your phone is safely stowed in your bag) It would be cool to think about a third kit as a sender as @KYLee mentioned.... Wouldn't bee cool if you could plug a kit into your tv and use your BT headphone? I just backed this project as my 4th backed project on kickstarter. I'm wondering that Vertus work as Bluetooth headphone so we can talk in the car via stereo speakers on smartphone? Am I safe to say that if let's say my MP3 player has no bluetooth and I plug a Vertus receiver in. I can connect the other Vertus receiver into my earphones and it will be able to play the music from my mp3? So close. We're going to make it. do you need the charging station for the device to work longer than a week? or does it hold a charge on its own? just confused about how it gets/sustains its power. 10k more to go, come on people! Let's make this happen! Can you link to your social media sites so we can follow the progress? Another concern. If the receiver is connected to a portable or computer speaker with strong bass, can the internal electronics actually survive the vibrations generated? $16,581 to go!!! @Yagami ~ Nice suggestion. I wouldn't have thought of that until after the fact. Also is there a reason why you are not using Bluetooth 3.0 or 4.0 technology? +1 again for the dust cap idea :) this will be a great addition for my earphones. Always wanted a Bluetooth receiver to connect my wired earphones to my iPhone. This is a great a simple way to do it. +1 for dust cap idea Is it possible to include a dust cap for the micro-USB port on the receivers? I think this is one of the detail that most designer/manufacturer miss out/ignore. Hi, First of all, thanks for adding a single unit option to the pledge option. And I am wondering what exactly the charging station does. Does it work like a adapter (5v output), or does it hold an extra battery? Also, It would be nice if can I get a chance to see the sides of the charging station, too. :) Well halfway there. Hope we can make the rest of the way in 17 days. :/ +1 on the Transmitter functionality!!!!! There is a usb area to recharge it without dock right or how do you recharge the 29 dollar one? How possible would it be to add transmitter functionality to the charging base? Or even create a second version of the Vertus. One would be the model already presented here. Then, a new model that might be a bit bigger to hold all the electronics ( but still keep the sleek design, just longer) and have the transmitter and charging base combined. I know people would want that as well as pay extra for it. So you would have 3 offers in the end really. 1. The complete model you already have. (or the pieces for less money) 2. The new model with the transmitter/charge base. 3. A combo pack with both "middle" units available. This way you wouldn't have to remodel anything from your original, but simply add to your product line. IT would even be greater if you could make the Vertus a system that could add all the components together into a streamlined connected brick for storage with a nice case. People want things that work well and look good. They want the form and function. I would use these every day because as a teacher, I switch rooms all the time and would love to have one system I could bring with me to use with every kind of application I might run into. Phones have bluetooth, and newer laptops do too. But If I go into a classroom with an older computer and I want to connect it to my speakers, I can't do it with the current system. The modified one I talked about would kick ass though. Just think about it guys. Even if you decide to make it a stretch goal or a 2.0 sort of thing. Cool enough ot an idea to implement? Stretch goal? Don't make me beg! ;) Awesome project! Can I ask, I have 2 requests: 1) The ability to switch them to stereo and use them as stereo bluetooth receivers 2) For the base station to provide either a USB sound card (for transmitting) or a headphone jack to allow transmitting, for those of us that don't have bluetooth. My reasoning is that half the time I would use these to power 2 rear speakers for my home theater system, and I could possibly right them up to one stereo connector, but what I can't do is get the rear channels of my amplifier to send wirelessly. It would be great if your charging station functioned as a transmitter also! Pretty please! Cheers guys! Fantastic idea guys, can't wait to see this come to fruition. I am hoping it works with my Kickstarter Hidden Radio/Bluetooth speakers, whose great failing is their inability to simultaneously pair to one device. Thanks! Is there a reason why bluetooth 2.1 and not 3.0 was used? I didn't come here to ask a question but I came here to tell you this is the best invention I had ever held my eyes on. If I had a million dollars, I would pledge it on this device so it can be funded already and spread it all around the world. Thank you for creating something that would actually benefit people. It wont sound odd if i plug it into my cars aux port right? I have a sound system at home and in the car i want to plug this guy into the aux ports and just stream music to my stuff. this will work like it right? What about some sort of clip (like on the iPod shuffle) to attach the Vertus receiver to your clothes when you're using it to make a pair of earbuds work as Bluetooth earbuds? It could fit around the Vertus receiver as to be removable, like those plastic case clips on cell phone beepers (remember those little devices? Haha). Possible stretch goal??? @Sandra: Yup I first thought of detachable cable headphone when I saw your post, then I link it to my personal usage. My in-ears is good, but the wire and sling-bag combo doesn't go well together.. now Vertus might come in handy! I just wonder if the receiver will have enough juice to power up my in-ears.. Are you going to supply one female-to-female adapter to the $49 tier and two adapters to the rest? Or just one to all backers? I feel like two would make sense since there's two receivers, so if you have two speakers with a built in male 3.5mm cable, you'd need a coupler for each of the two Vertus receivers. @Vertus Thanks for posting the pic with the apple in-ears, appreciate it. But if you do happen to come across a set of over-ears with a cable that can be unplugged and exchanged for Vertus, that would be even better (and put it on someones head if possible, just to get an idea if this would be at all possible). @Yagami I was actually thinking about headphones from which you can unplug the cable (Beats e.g.).... @Sandra: That's totally brilliant! I've never thought about using Vertus with my headphone! Now I just need a way to keep the wire in a tidy and fashionable way... You guys should add a 69 dollar pledge or at least more tiers.I feel like it's more fair to people who aren't early backers. Any reason why you designed this with the plug exposed? Is it due to space constraint? Isn't it better that you provide male to male plug and designed the receiver with the jack instead? This way, there is less chance for the receiver circuit to be damaged by static electricity for example, or mechanical damage. @Vertus Thanks! Exactly what I wanted to hear! You think you could post some photos with vertus plugged into head phones, just to get a better idea of size and the way it looks? Share this page on other projects you are backing, we need to get this funded! @Vertus How would this work on headphones? Have you guys tested the lifespan of the battery One more question. Since the master device carries both left and right channels, if my 2.1 speakers are connected together then a single receiver will be all that's require to work properly right? Thanks for the verification. I really hope this project get funded! Can i pair more than two speakers if I buy another vertus? Interesting product, I've two questions though. Based on your diagram I understand that the right receiver is the master device and the left channel will be receive and transmit through the master device. Does that mean that the left receiver will become redundant once the right receiver malfunction? If this is true is it possible to make it in such a way that either receiver can become the master device? So that if one of the receiver malfunction at least Vertus can still perform in mono mode. The second question is on the latency issue. I believe Vertus will work fine with most modern day gadgets, but for older gadgets or when the device is under heavy load, what are the chances for the left and right channel to become out of sync? I'm pretty new in bluetooth wireless audio field, so please forgive me if my question sounds ignorant. @ Evan: I totally second your proposition!!! Brining stereo sounds to old speakers!!! Will need amplifiers in each individual Vertus... Stretch Goal: some way to connect each Vertus receiver to a stereo speaker (the ones with the wires coming out of them and the ones with terminals). If this was implemented, it would add a ton of backers because it would render the popular Vamp (also on kickstarter) obsolete. Can you request one from the second production run? I've just seen too many problems with the first production cycle most of the time. okay thanks alot! I just backed this! Finally, someone figured it out! I'm from Canada and the pledge says shipping would be free to Canada and US. I pledge and it forced me to pay $69. Will I pay $69 or $59 because I live in Canada? What a coincidence! I was using my HMDX Jam Classic Bluetooth speaker today and wondering why there wasn't a way to connect more than one bluetooth speaker to an audio source. Then I came across this Kickstarter project. Got in just in time. I was #10 of 100 left under the $59 pledge. I have two Monster ClarityHD Bluetooth speakers. Will using this device make the sound louder or just split the same sound between the two Clarity HD speakers? Hello. Love the concept and the minimal design (especially the tapping to pair it)! Just curious, is it possible for each receiver to playback in stereo mode (for spreading music from a single source across different rooms)? Another plus one on Matthew's comments. Also having an optical out would be cool but probably asking a bit much. I was just going to make the same comment as Matthew. So, plus one. Also, what is the range between the two units? Is it the same as from the audio source to the first speaker? Would be easy to accomplish with a tiny switch on the master unit. Would the vertus allow for streaming to two devices without being stereophonic. I like the idea so far, but I would like to be able to put one of my bluetooth speakers in another room and the other in the same room with me playing monophonic on each.