Hola Mariano, ¿cuando (y a donde) nos envió su dirección? La ultima comunicación que tuvimos con usted, fue solicitandosela el día 6 de mayo del año pasado por esta plataforma y todavía estamos esperando. Gracias Dear Simone, We sent you an email more than one year ago through Kickstarter, March 16 of 2019, asking for delivery address. Please answer it, and we´ll gladly send you your vrAse unit. Regards HI Karmeck...yes...we are developing vrAse 2 ;) Dear Raul, Please check your private email that we sent you long ago asking for your address and package postage. Please let us know. Regards Dear Backers, hope you are safe with all crazy things happening in the world right now regarding the virus. We haven´t stopped working, and our intent is to do an update in the coming months regarding what we are developing. You will surely like it. Regards Hello Garry, yes, please answer the kickstarter message we sent you. Regards Hello REFUND, we missed you around here... our dearly, loyal troll that has made our journey since the beginning so fun! Ok...if we are so bad, ugly, tiny, such a failure, etc like you say... tell your feeding masters (so hard to guess who they are from your propaganda) that they have nothing to fear from us :) Have a nice day Hello Amino, we sent you an email message through Kickstarter (you should be able to access it by login into your Kickstarter account) the 7th of May with instructions for delivery. Regards Hello Simon, we sent you an email message through Kickstarter (you should be able to access it by login into your Kickstarter account) the 17th of January with instructions for delivery. Regards Hello Funkyp, please check your private Kickstarter acoount email (sent March the 16th), there is a detailed explanation there how to pay for transport cost (we still don´t accept PayPal). Regards Hello Simon, we sent you an email message through Kickstarter (you should be able to access it by login into your Kickstarter account) the 7th of May with instructions for delivery. Regards Hello Funkyp, 99'9% of KS vrAse´s have been sent. We have been compiling initial usage feedback from backers and, based on this, together with some other cool stuff we have been developing from our side, we´ll do a nice update with all things vrAse-related (future developments, general timelines, etc). Regards Hello John, your vrAse is currently being assembled. We estimate that will be sent next week. Sorry for the delay, the reasons being that vrAse is assembled in batches (as it´s expensive because it´s a process made by hand and we have to allocate people to do it) and also we got the reply to the survey we sent you with more than a month of delay, so other backers that answered first were allocated the assembly before. Best regards Dear Ole, Thanks a lot for the feedback, not so positive things are what truly allow us to progress and turn “bad” things into “good”. Please allow us some short comments to your points; · Yes, it´s true that we have an overall too cautious guide to vrAse usage. We preferred to be safe in this regard. Also, is true that is an area that we want to improve, including more interactive guide, avoiding paper as it´s too static and polluting. · Black pads are for avoiding scratching, some delicate back phone sides, by the clamping mechanism (another area we are improving). · Front cover we didn´t make it symmetric as logo would be misplaced. Being too soft is one of the main areas of improvement. · The plastics “feeling” cheap is mostly due to not perfect finishes of paint…we are working to reach a better supplier tiers, as they are (yet) too expensive for our current level. · Adjusting size of phone, yes it can be a better mechanism…although, please consider it allows for both VR&AR (most others don´t or limited to one brand of smartphone). · For lenses way too close, please adjust vertex levers to the maximum position…it will make the lenses very far to the eyes. · Nose touches the plastic; very sorry about this (also another area of improvement). It´s true that we did many (many, many) revisions to that part, but it´s almost impossible to have one part for the (almost) infinite number of heads there are. If going too extreme, we ended up either with too much light entering the eye chamber or with the problem you currently have of being too tight. Current trends from some newer headsets point to flexible plastics in the upper part of that area (if you look at our initial design it had a rigid upper closing, but we discarded as some people had problems), so we are studying that solution. Regards Hello again IIya, thanks a lot for the feedback. · For eye contact with lenses; please try to adjust eye-to-lenses with lateral levers. This may help (at the expense of having less fov). · Nose too close to bottom frame; face foam can be moved closer to nose to improve that. · Phone holder too weak: Yes, more backers have expressed concerns about this… we are working on an upgraded part that will be offered in the coming months. · Frontal cap too loose: This can be better adjusting lateral doors a bit. Anyway, it´s true that whole usage is a bit awkward to have too many functions, so a later revision of this part will have lateral door movement disabled. · Not having touch button: We don´t see touching the screen as a logical/practical way of interacting with VR/AR… touching main visual layer, interrupting usability is just dumb and not forward thinking. In reality (as sad as it sounds) it´s a way of oogle to exert its power via specific requisites that they can change whenever they see fit (they did something like this before by asking hardware developers of not having upper strap as a requisite to carboard program, but they changed so they can offered it in their daydream program). All in all… we see “touching the screen” is really a lousy and a very short lived way of interacting in VR&AR, that can be anyway done much elegant in ways that are future proff (voice&hand recognition, lateral taps/ joystics, etc. ) Hello IIya, please try the QR-code in the page before the last one, with the icon shape of little glasses (the qr code in the last page is an internal EYEDAK one for manual sku). Dear @Nick_Baer, thanks for the feedback. About the fragility you mention; vrAse was designed to strike the best compromise possible between weight and strength with maximum amount of adjustments. Although it can withstand quite a beating, is not designed to be treated badly (the same treatment you can give to a pair of glasses). vrAse construction material is the same you can encounter in other high-end consumer devices (abs+pc). About the usage of smartphone-based VR/AR; right now, market is in some dimensions waiting for a “killer-app” to arrive, our bet is that most probably will come from the smartphone as the installed user base is just immense. There was nothing "shady" about project being transferred to us. It was totally abandoned by the person you commented, so we had to push through with our funds and time to complete it. If you want more info we´ll be more than glad to give you a detailed explanation. Regards Dear @Jack_Norris, thanks a lot for your feedback, please see our following answer to it. About the part that broke; Very sorry to hear about that. Let us explain why we think it is a good idea for you to ask for a free replacement part. Although it may sound strange, there is actually good news about things breaking now; other backers also had that exact problem, so now we think what caused it (most probably a bad injection batch) and we are already working in its upgrade. Being this Kickstarter and our very first product...making mistakes is not bad, it’s (mostly) good, as is what allows us to learn and improve. That part that broke (we call it cell-clamp) is very ambitious... it does independent x/y/z smartphone adjustment in a single part in a very tiny space, allowing for simultaneous vr&ar for a very wide variety of smartphones, so everything about it is very extreme. About “robustness”; vrAse was designed to strike the best compromise possible between weight and strength with maximum amount of adjustments. Although it can withstand quite a beating, is not designed to be treated badly (the same treatment you can give to a pair of glasses). vrAse construction material is the same you can encounter in other high-end consumer devices (abs+pc). About vrAse being “ugly”; this variable is a bit subjective (to say the least). vrAse was designed in cooperation with a red-dot award winning design agency located in Barcelona-Spain. Maybe you can be more specific about this. About “comfort”; vrAse has adjustments for your comfort. We´ll be glad if you are able to specify why you don´t find it comfortable. About you being “industry-insider”; Don´t know if this is to make your comment appear more important. Anyway… congrats on being part of a really big transformative industry. About you “bulk buying for big projects”; we understand you consider buying the other/s product/s you comment because they are cheaper/affordable than vrAse... but please remember nothing is free in live, and there are missing characteristics (that curiously you didn’t mentioned) from that/those device/s compared to vrAse; Much inferior optics, no AR, no eye to lenses adjustment, smaller range of smartphones accepted, minimum ventilation, non-modular construction, etc. About your comment "those lovely xxxxx headsets"; Please, no spam here. Regards Dear Sebastian...thanks a lot for you positive comment! It really has deep meaning to us. Best regards Hello Tom, Since this is our last batch of units to send, and is quite a big one, is taking us a bit longer to assemble and send the lot. Our current estimate is about two weeks from today, but some units are already being sent as we speak. As for tracking documentation, we´ll provide a copy of the postage invoice scanned, together with tracking number, from the email <email>. Regards Hello Tom, your words really mean a lot to us, so thanks a lot from the heart, and please let us properly answer with conviction (as you well said). These past years have been very hard; haters, creating a totally new product category from a ridiculous idea (putting the smartphone in front of your face), building a startup, raising capital (whole project was much much more expensive of what we raised at here at KS) , suffering paid trolls, building outside china with high labor costs (you know, where people have rights and that sort of things), scammers-dressed-as-financiers, an internal mutiny, rogue suppliers, big companies copying us after we did meetings with them and said our idea “had no future”, national and international press accusing us of scammers (and a famous search engine “conveniently” positioning bad news against us, because, guess what…they launched a vrAse made of cardboard a couple of years after us) …list of bad things is such a ridiculous huge one...but!… we kept pushing through and meanwhile, thanks to the wonders of digitalization, we have a detailed record of everything that was happening to us, so in the future we could tell the whole story. All these events transformed us in some kind of XXI century Spartans. We also knew, that if we kept pushing long enough, with time, patience and heads-down-work-hard, a wonderful thing happens to all the sh$t thrown at us if we leaved it aside… it would transform in fertilizer! So now we are not only stronger, but we can use all those bad things to tell a great story and learn from all our mistakes (we had a great share of those also). There is a great book about this kind of situations, called “The obstacle is the way” from Ryan Holiday, you should check it out. Even as we are very very near the end, we are not there yet…we estimate we have still a couple of months until all backers have received their vrAse, we double check with everyone, do a new update rounding up new points, etc. vrAse will remain to be, for the foreseeable future, the most practical and simple idea for visual reality (both virtual and augmented) … as long as people have eyes and smartphones! Best regards Dear Ali Naqvi, you can check in the comment section bellow from some backers that received their units and wanted to comment, also you can check <url>#123 ;) ) . Regards Hello Faheem, well...with those two devices you mention you are stuck; one to just one brand of smartphones and the other to wires. Regards Hello Damien, we introduced the concept of "visual reality" as a way to describe a device (vrAse) that can do both Virtual and Augmented "realities". Vision enables both of them, and also looks kind of the same when abreviating (VR). Regards Hello Simon, sorry picking up in person is only available right now at Monção - Portugal . Regards Hello John, we understand your distrust as we invested a lot more than we expected, but we arrived and everyone is getting a much better vrAse than promised. Wouldn´t after all this time, asking for postage not paid would be a bit strange/weird? There is not much you can do with 15€ expect…well…sending a package of vrAse dimensions internationally. Please check comments here that everybody is getting their vrAse. Also you can pick it up in person if you happen to be at or near Portugal. Regards Dear Backers, we´ve sent the last batch of the address surveys. Please make sure you check your email for the KS notification. Regards @Nick_Baer very sorry you didn´t like our first product. We´ll work to improve it... please if you are able to be more specific it would greatly help. Regards Thanks Tom, to try and be more accurate, address is asked to backers the closest possible date before sending vrAse. To see latest date estimation, please check comment bellow. Regards Hello @Petr Buznik-Napolsky, @Nickolay Pronin and @Kevin Song, next batch of parts come from injection next week (22 to 28 of april). Afterwards, we send them to paint (it usually takes another week for this stage, so... 29 to 5th of may), then we check the parts (one by one) and if they are good, we expect to send emails 6 to 12th of may asking all backers from 600 to the last one. This is our most updated status as of today. We are incorporating also a few updates to the production from backers feedback. Best regards Hello -REFUND-troll, we missed your negative comments… let´s have some fun; · About delivery: More than half the backers have been fulfilled. · We don´t “attempt to paint” vrAse as a better device; we would be more than glad for anybody to independently review those points against similar competing devices and say their word. · About vrAse weight; 390 grams + 170 gram smartphone = 560 grams (10 less than “the quest”) · About content: Our content section is place to start exploring VR&AR, an introduction for developers/users to start playing with…we don´t lock anyone into a proprietary ecosystem as others do. · About controllers: There are many experiences that don´t need controllers, but for those who do, there are myriads of Bluetooth in the market (we´ll publish our own recommendation in the future). · About EYEDAK investors: They have indeed very happy faces. · About Quest: You mean that device with horrible lenses, no focusing, one outdated smartphone glued in and made by that “cambridge analytica” privacy respecting company? Sure, you are not again spamming us here with other products, right?? -REFUND- don´t worry, really, we mean it…you have nothing to fear from us… just look at us, we are just a tiny startup with lots of things we do wrong…so why worry? …you can tell this to your feeding masters. Enjoy life! Karsten...thanks a lot for the feedback, it really helps us. About VR future, we believe there is market for vrAse alternatives, but will be a minority; some people will want to spend more in devices, with shorter lifespans that can´t be upgraded and with worse specs than latest smartphones (a standalone device is a vrAse with the smartphone glued inside) … we understand… power of marketing from the big boys is formidable. If we look at the past, anything that the smartphone was able to do ended up being the mostly used for that thing (standalone gps? cameras? etc). With vrAse you may use your current and future smartphone, with quality optics and not locked to a proprietary brand like the ones you commented. About not being able to uses your glasses….we are going to send you one little thing for you to beta-test ;) Anyway...thanks really goes to you for all your patience, backing and understanding. Best regards Hello Ashley, we don´t as we don´t want to bother backers, but if anyone wants tracking info we send them a PM with the details. Regards Thanks a lot Amir, your words sound like music to our ears! Best regards Hello Pedro, we sent you a PM with your vrAse package tracking number. Thanks Hello Pedro, assembly of your vrAse unit was finished today. Shipping early next week. Please let us know if you like to know the tracking number and we´ll send it via email. Regards We are working into assembly of 500 to 600 and getting ready to move to batch 600 to 700 in the second week of April. Regards Hello Colin, we sent you the KS address survey February 7, 2019. Regards Hello Francis, thanks for the feedback, there is an adjustment for the distance of the lenses to the eyes, located in each side between the straps and the main body. Regards Hello Victor & John Doe, we finished sending batch 200 to 300, this coming week we´ll send emails asking backers 300 to 400. Hello Stephan, please contact us through <url>´ll ask for 300 to 400 batch. Regards Hello Marco, the email asking for your address was sent to you the 17 of January...you can check it in the kickstarter inbox. Hello Mauricio, once we send the email asking for the address. Regards Thanks a lot, as long as vrAse is good/very good in the category we proposed, that was called “ridiculous” by the specialized media (using smartphone for VR&AR) and now powers 84% of VR&AR… we´ll be very happy. This is our very first device, so for sure is not perfect, but we´ll be glad that people do benchmarks alongside other similar products to compare technical features and vision quality. Regards @Joe Huttlin III, thanks a lot, yes…vrAse A1 project has been surrealistic-crazy stuff from the beginning. These are five (among others) reasons for our time-wrap-dilation; · Decision to make a much better device than showed in the campaign. We could have gone and ship that device, but we made the bet to deliver much more…maybe was a mistake…but once we made the choosing there was no turning back. · Very limited funds => we had to do “extreme-economic-hypermiling”, lowering the speed to a minimum as to lower burn-rate also to a minimum. How many KS projects in the meantime failed with much more funds than ours? · We started from an idea…like…there were no devices like ours (remember, vrAse was about two years before guugle launched their vrAse-made-of-cardboard-burn-your-eyes thing), so we had to start from scratch. · Lenses are certified; this process took us almost two years to complete. · vrAse is made in Europe, Spain; slower than china for sure, but one very good thing is that we had to learn how to do everything by ourselves, and stablished a solid ground for future devices. Regards. We´ll ask KS if they have some kind of award for persistence ;) Hello Pedro, all parts are manufactured. Assembly of each vrAse is done for each backer once we get the address. We are doing this in lots of 100's. It takes us about one/two weeks to process each lot (sending emails, waiting responses, assembly, packing and sending). Regards Hello Alex, thanks a lot for the feedback, please allow us to “comment on your comments”; · Frontal weight-bias can be better distributed adjusting more tightly the upper strap. For “nose-adjustment”, foam can be positioned a bit closer or wider to the nose for a better fit. · Stiffness of adjustments softens with usage…except distance from eye to lenses, that was made on purpose hard from the begining to avoid unintentional movement. · Lateral adjustments can be positioned a bit wider as to not block the front camera. · Controllers… we are in the process of reviewing some Bluetooth ones to recommend (also trying VRidge usage of another smartphone). We´ll announce our findings at vrAse social media. · htc vive is a great product and of higher performance than vrAse …also is priced accordingly and with a dedicated/fixed installation. Both kind of products will coexist in the market. Our bet is that advances in mobile will not stop; 5G for streaming, better cameras for AR, etc. Also, with vrAse you´ll be able to use your next note 9 ;)) Yes, vrAse is a bit “rude” in the beginning, it has its character, but with time you get quite a hold of it and will reward you. Also, is our very first product! Regards Hello Stephan, thanks for the feedback...comment added to wish list. Regards Thanks a lot for the feedback Greg, we have started with your comment to gather as much information as possible to improve. While plastics look weak, they are quite strong… is a classical trade-off situation were adding stiffness immediately adds weight to vrAse, we settled with a compromise we were happy with (that ended almost 100 grams less than Carl Zeiss VRone). Possitioning is also quite tricky as there are so many smartphones! vrAse is universal by nature, so again, certain tradeoffs were made. There are compatible Bluetooth controllers that we´ll test and share in our website and social media for interactions. Optics are handmade and certified in a two-year process. As evolution of VR&AR, we count for smartphone progressively incorporating more technology (not less) for interaction with VR experiences such as positioning, hand gestures, depth cameras, etc. Regards, and again, thanks for your feedback We will. Hello Evan, there are plentiful Bluetooth controllers available in the market, including the one coming in the headset you comment, depending on the user application (games, pointing, hand tracking, etc). We have one of those headset laying around here, and it works by using a nfc tag (we can´t elaborate more on this, so take this as a clue ;)). Is a “different” kind of device; Fresnel lenses, no optical adjustments whatsoever, no augmented reality, etc. "only" five years invested ;) hope you like it. Most packages will be sent with tracking, so we´ll send a follow up email to each backer with this tracking code. Dear Backers, first 100 emails to first 100 backers have been sent asking for addresses (and postage if not paid in the campaign). Please, make sure you received the message correctly. Next coming week, we´ll begin processing (read; printing addresses and sending packages) this very first batch. Regards @EAT ME: We´ll prove you wrong...and hopefully, at the end, you´ll be amazed with our creation, us and our (massively difficult) journey ;) @Philippe: vrAse kickstarter edition will be functionally the same as the discovery edition. Only difference is in the color of the focusing wheel. Please check this link to see the four editions; <url>….but… with vrAse your brain sensation of immersion though is much bigger, because you can see more screen of the smartphone (as seen in the “sightful” paragraph) Hello again Philippe. vrAse A1 has a detachable front cover, so if you leave it, you´ll be able to have a dark chamber (usually better for VR) or if you take it off, being able to activate frontal camera (for AR or quick access to smartphone debugging/development). Thanks Philippe! Still lots of things we are going to improve. We have some people of our team located @Tenerife. If you wish we can either give your vrAse unit in hand at our office (so you are sure you have it that same moment) or send it via postal service. Hello Ashley...we are glad you are rich ;) Thanks Philippe, good idea, please let us check. Thanks. Please check vrase.com for the upgraded vrAse we´ll send you @Robert Morris: Yes…it really has been an INSANE journey…but…we think totally worth it. Please check vrAse specs at vrAse.com You, our first “enablers”, will have the units you pledged upgraded “for free” (we know…time is money, so this could be a long conversation) to the commercial device. Now there are lots of cool VR gadgets out there. vrAse is unique in the sense that we just “simply” worked for what we promised. First: Being pioneers in a crazy that was called ridiculous ( <url>´s why so many big companies want us silenced. Good thing is that we discovered that for all the shi#t we have found, if leaved aside for a certain time, it can be used later on as fertilizer! Of course, there will always be higher end solutions than vrAse…with its corresponding price tag ;) . vrAse is a simple, yet elegant solution for a problem that still exists…and that is corporate greed that keeps feeding programmed obsolescence devices down consumers throats. One example? standalone devices; or as we say around here “vrAse with a glued smartphone inside”. Just check “next generation Quest standalone” coming next year… with wait for it…half of today´s smartphone performance <url>´s “next generation”? A closed ecosystem product, coming from a company with privacy scandals, with already obsolete specs…naahh nothing to see. Are we perfect? Of course we are not. At least with vrAse you´ll have a piece of true “David vs goliath” history…and we are proud of it. Best regards Dear (most probably paid by a well know company…you know…the one you usually promote around here) troll… we want to thank you for all positive energy you´ve transferred us during all this time. For all the negative things you put out there you generate an equal opposite positive/constructive reaction (us). So please…go ahead, keep on trolling. Just curious why are you so afraid of us, just a tiny startup? What a pity that you use this comment section to promote other/s products, non-upgradable, closed ecosystem, with outdated processor and non-adjustable lenses…you forgot to mention that? Do you want people to buy another product that will be obsolete in a few months? Stand-alone VR devices are simply a no-go (pun intended) … they are just vrAse with a smartphone glued inside! And this is maybe why vrAse concept hurts you… the idea is just beautifully simple and reusable…over and over. The smartphone is the device that always gets the best tech first, and vrAse is the first and best universal device for them. Please, take as an advice that you should first use your energy/funds to try to kill the smartphone industry (good luck with that) and then afterwards come to us. Hahahh just kidding…you are a paid troll…you´ll keep coming back anyway ;) Enjoy this reply we´ll try not to feed you (the vrAse troll…official title coming soon) much. Regards. Hello @PASAf, thanks for those interesting questions, let´s see them; · vrAse will come out of the box with universal compatibility. · Yes, there will be ability to connect earphones and/or external chargers. · Maximum smartphone dimensions are 160mmx85mmx10mm. Reduction in size was due to universal compatibility. · Delivery will be asked via kickstarer and/or alternative methods. We´ll give a (very wide) timeframe for backers to reclaim their vrAse unit. · We´ll check individually for those that asked for chargeback together with kickstarter & the bank. · Package will be an individual protection package that fits each vrAse unitary package. Regards @Djayawarman, vrAse will have much better optics, compatibility and comfort than any other device out there. Please know that we are very sorry for the inconvenience our additional time invested in vrAse may have caused you. Also, we may add that we think that people shouldn’t back projects only for final products...this platform is for helping crazy ideas like ours come true… you should be fully aware (more so as a “Superbacker”) that perks are a byproduct of successfully achieving this. Regards @karmeck we are pleased to announce that we´ll be @ <url>´ll bring with us a final (well actually 99%complete, or else we´ll be shipping them to you!) vrAse unit, so it can be tested by anyone interested in knowing what we´ve been cooking all this time... and why we thing vrAse is (and will be for a while) the best mobile vr&ar possible. We´ll do a quick update next week to all backers regarding this. Regards @Peter, we understand that our decision to make vrAse a high quality device implied a lot of time investment (not delay) and controversy, so please, accept our apologies for not being more communicative. Since we have a very small team, we had to choose between talking or working…and we “worked” obsessively for all this (long) time. Now that we are ending the industrialization stage, we are slowly starting to have a more time to comment and do social activities. We are very confident all our backers will be amazed of what we have done with vrAse; we really think it´ll be a new chapter for vrar, as when we pioneered smartphone usage and everybody said we were crazy. As for refunds, they will be offered, but only once we are sure every single vrAse has been shipped. Regards @Karmeck, vrAse priority is quality over quantity. Image distortion stresses the human and the machine. For 5'5" screens you should expect around 85 degrees of fov. You will need to control the smartphone via external controllers, image/voice/taps recognition and/or using gps/internal positioning data. @Alex, we are doing (what we hope) will be our last round of tests and trials. If everything is as good as we like, we´ll take the parts for a special treatment before assembling and packaging. Since dates have slipped so much, we´ll only announce shipping once we (literally) have the vrAse units in their boxes. @karmeck, vrAse will be compatible will all smartphones up to 160mm x 85 mm x 10 mm Hello everybody, vrAse team is focusing now on closing a deal with a big manufacturer, we have been speaking with them for a long time and now it is the moment to make and sign a contract. That is the reason why we have not done the update yet, we would like to have something important and really great to tell you before making any update. As the conversations are lengthening in time, we are going to see what happens in the next few days and after that we will make the update anyway, to let you know what is going on. We know there are some unhappy backers of our project (they let us know everyday in the comment section). Even if they are a minority and we do not have the obligation, we are discussing to find a solution for them, because they deserve all of our attention too. As soon as we have decided which one we think is the best solution, we will let you know. So please be patient, because soon we will have all your answers. vrAse team Hi everybody, I am writing on behalf of vrAse team and I would like to be clear on the fact that, whatever people say, we are still here, working on the project everyday and every night. We know the comment section has gone bad because some of our backers are not happy with delay and communication. And we do understand them. But we do not accept offensive comments to anyone, neither from those who want to support us. There is no place to behave like this, even on the web. I am writing to let you know that the project is continuously going forward. We've never stopped working and we won't. It may go much slower than expected but everyday new things are finished and we get closer to our goal. On the other hand, we are going to make an update with really exciting news soon. It is important to us first to confirm these news, so later we can make the update with confidence. See you soon and stay positive as you have backed a really new product that has no market yet. It's just a question of time to get it before your very eyes! vrAse team Hello @Alex Warto We´ll have to get our hands on one unit before we can say anything officially about the curve display phone support. But if I have to say something, don´t count on it, at least initially. Best regards, vrAse team @Greg Dash Dear Greg, we unfortunately have allocated most all resources to production, design, etc. So It is not possible for us to do refunds until we process all step, then we will have the possibility to say if we have some funds left for refund. Best regards, vrAse team Hello @Kevin! Exactly! We had our first final design in March. We made a budget with different manufacturers for this design. But some important aspects of it did not work as expected and we had to redo the design and that´s the reason why we had a delay. We understand there was a lack of communication from our side. Now we almost have the final design and we are eager to finish the product and so we all be able to enjoy it. Receive our most sincere apologies. Best regards, vrAse team @karmeck Hi karmeck, sorry for not taking the time to answer your questions. From now on we will answer. Stay tuned to the next update. Regards, vrAse @Stevens Hello Stevens, sorry for not taking the time to answer your questions. Stay tuned to the next update. Regards, vrAse @Amir Soltani Hello Amir, sorry for not taking the time to answer your questions. From now on we will answer. Regards, vrAse @Paul Kingsley-Smith Hi Paul, sorry for not taking the time to answer your questions. The product is already in production phase and have the online store as soon as possible for pre-orders. We will make a update soon. Thank you very much. Regards, vrAse @Eugene Fidelin Hey Eugene! We are working very hard to get the product as soon as possible. Stay tuned to the next update, we will give important information about the condition of the product. Regards, vrAse @Paul Elson Hi Paul, sorry for not taking the time to answer your questions. From now on we will answer. Regards, vrAse Hi guys, Nice to come back to you again! Today, we would like to ask you to join us on the forum. From now, that will be much easier to communicate with you as you will have some members of our staff to discuss with you and answer your questions. So if you have any specific query, do not hesitate to contact us on the forum. Truth is, it is quite complicated for us to keep track of all your comments on Kickstarter, so the best way to be in touch regularly will definitely be through the forum. Here is the link to follow: <url>“top secret information” about the business. But the truth is that the project has been possible thanks to you guys, so you deserve to know what is going on. So keep an eye on your emails and join us for a chat on the forum. Thanks again to everyone of you. You are a great support! Hi guys, The MWC was amazing! We have met lots of people, even some of our backers, we made new contacts and showed vrAse to everybody. Thanks for being so patient and as we promised we will make tomorrow an update to inform you about everything that happened at the congress. We want as well to keep making updates every week or so, to tell you what are we doing and to share our news. Any question you may have, please send us a private message. All the best! Hi guys! We are in the MWC And this is amazing! We will be able to Answer all message via twitter. Thanks Hi Alex and David, Thanks a lot for your support. We are doing this for people like you, who keep our motivation high! Now at the MWC in Barcelona we are going to make some videos with people trying vrAse and we will be glad to share them with you. As we said, if you are around, just send us a message and we can meet over there. All the best! @Hunter Thanks very much for your understanding. People like you are the ones that keep us working hard. Really appreciated. Hi everybody, There are few things we would like to clarify for you. The website is working right now, and if you are experiencing any problem, please try writing the 3 W: www.vrAse.com. If you do not write everything the DNS may not work. The reason of all of this is because we are changing the server, increasing the capabilities of the website, so much more people is going to be able to enter keeping a good speed. These days we have heard crazy things about vrAse, here on Kickstarter. The truth is that we are here working super hard to get vrAse ready ASAP. Unfortunately, we can’t make any refund because this money have been already assigned under contract for production. About the final design, it is going to be secret until fully ready for two reasons. First, if we do not do that, as some of you have well said, before we can even launched there will be cheap quality copies of our product on the market. And secondly, we would like to impress you with all the work we have done and keep the surprise to the very end. Before the product launch you will see the design and then, you will be the firsts to have vrAse in your hands. A part of the vrAse team is going to the Mobile World Congress and the 4YFN in Barcelona, from the 24th to the 27th of February. And then we will be attending the Wearable Technology Show in London, from the 18th to the 19th of March. All of you who want to meet and try vrAse are very welcome to these events: we will love to arrange a meeting with any backer, in person, and of course make a demo. Even if you are not going to these events, we can arrange to meet outside. (if there are lots of people willing to do so, we could arrange a place and time for all of us, so we can know each other and enjoy a moment together around vrAse project). Thanks and see you soon! Hi everyone, The website ( vrAse.com ) is working again! Here at the office everything is going well, working hard and preparing an update to keep you inform as we promised. Thank you all! @fabjoe Thank you very much for the information. We are changing our server so that maybe the problem. We will inform you as soon as we discover what it is really happening. Please @Karmeck, as Marcus says, relax :D The units are going to be on production soon and you will be the first to know about it! @Alex Thanks a lot for the list. We are working as well on our own list. Hi everyone! We would like to thank you all and specially Neil for being so understanding. We have backed other KS projects and know how you feel. The difference is that now we are on the other side and we know how complicate and time consuming is working on your own project and with third parties. As we said, the design and the pieces (adapters and so on) are not going to be revealed yet. This is a part of the surprise. For all the questions about the software, we are collaborating with software developers to create new apps, launchers, games and AR stuff. We won't stop until our goals are reached! The survey will be submitted to you just before we send vrAse to production. Like this if there is any last moment change we can still let you know on the survey and you can choose what you prefer. We are speaking with different business to let them be in charge of the shipping. Professionals will make it faster and cheaper than us. We promise to keep you updated with every news we have. Have a nice day! Hi guys, Thanks for all your comments! We are always listening and taking good care of your ideas. Now it is all about the design, and you will see the final one soon. But meanwhile let’s keep it secret, so you will have a nice surprise. About collaboration, we are speaking with lots of people and companies. This is a hard job with long term results, so we are taking care to choose the right company onboard for this adventure. We will see in few months how this is going. New year is coming, and that means February arrives soon! Cheer up! @Ali We are going to send you the Survey with all the questions related to shipping, model, smartphone, etc. once we are ready to send the units to production. This is because Kickstarter allows us only to send one Survey, so we want to be completely sure that everything has been sorted out. Thanks for your understanding! @Alex The fresnel lenses used on mono lense have a really bad image quality. You cannot enjoy a movie as you can do on vrAse. Hi guys, Pleasure to keep reading you and your enthusiasm about vrAse ;) We are 100% focused on the production these days. As soon as we are ready to deliver vrAse we’ll talk again together about the choice of adaptor and why. For now, no rush, no worries. About the kind of games you can play with vrAse, it is very simple : any SBS (side by side) designed game is compatible with vrAse and it doesn’t matter where it comes from. the important is the format. So yes, SBS games, good for vrAse of course. Have a nice evening you all, we keep in touch. @Evan We are going to post an update about it really soon. @Karmeck You have to convert the video in SBS. We will tell you how before you get your vrAse :D Hi Guys, We have had some problems with the survey, so tomorrow we are going to make an update explaining everything. And of course we will tell you what is new! @Balaji We may have a surprise for you guys about doing photos and videos in 3D. And it is really small and will come with software. vrAse and aetherAR teams are working on this software right now. We told you, we’ll have lots of nice surprises for you guys! This is just the beginning! Thanks a lot for supporting us! @Kyle The new smartphones coming to the market will have a perfect fit case. We are working on it, and we will need time. @Peter vorpX is a program to convert to SBS, so you can use it for vrAse without any problem. About vrAse and iMotion, we are collaborating to find a solution. The “know how” we have and the technology will make it possible. As soon as we have news, you will be the first to know for sure! @David Thanks for the comments! It is Kickstarter who decided about the payment, there is nothing we can do. But we have solve many problems with backers and until now all the american backers have made the payments without problems. Please tell us via private message your problem and we will help you. @Greg We are still thinking of adding more perfect fit cases and in the future, we will be always adding more. But right now, as we did not arrive to the minimum stretch goals we cannot add new cases yet. Please don’t worry about it, you will be able to get it in the future. Anyway the universal one has been study with care. @Marco Thanks very much! Everything is going pretty well! We will see after Kickstarter about printing models, because there are some problems to be solved before, the lenses, the pattern you need to have and few things more. We are working on the final design, it will look amazing! Hi guys! Thanks for the comments! We are afraid that P@s@f is right. We are dealing now with the final design of vrAse, distributors, manufactures and so on. And all these things means funds, that we will get from Kickstarter to do the product. Do not forget that vrAse is a prototype yet, not a very famous product on the market, but we will get famous and we won’t forget our backers ever! @ Rob, for now, to obtain a better result it is still more interesting to use the universal case. We plan to add a perfect fit for your phone in the future. There won't be any misalignment to worry about, the software can help to solve this problem and the universal case has been studied to offer an optimal condition to watch your movies ;) Effectively you will have the opportunity to customize the IPD, change the lenses, etc... Thanks a lot for your support! All of you made this possible. @Joe We will study your comment. Quite a lot of people like the hard case, and to be honest we like it too. And can be easily sell apart. I do not know right now or soon, but in the future I like to think that it will be sell, the hard case and other accessories. @Oleg The IPD can be easily adjust. The video in Home show it. @Oleg Do not worry! It is normal, we feel like you, we can't wait! ;D @Peter and David The forum on the website can be a good idea, I am going to speak with the members of the team to discussed. As well, let you know that we are going to publish a guide "How to use it" before you get vrAse, where we will explain how to use all the content/software and make the most of vrAse. Anyway, the forum can be a really good idea. I will come back to you soon. Thanks very much for the advice! @Neil Thanks! @Marijn You are quite right, the imotion controller looks like a perfect match for vrAse! Right now, there are lots of new controller, everyday smaller and lighter. @Hikikomori4ever We will see, it is a possibility but it will depend on developers. This is the point, with vrAse and your smartphone the possibilities are limitless. @Oleg We can only say approximate dates, because it will depend on when we get the funds, finish the design, also the manufactory times, etc. The problem is that it does not depend only on us and our work. All the games in SBS from other platforms are perfectly suitable for vrAse. @Simon Thanks very much for spreading the word! @Peter Do not worry! Tomorrow morning will be there with some croissants as well. Enjoy it! XD Thank for making our day more fun! @Alex Right now, vrAse can support until 6.3” devices. We will add new smartphones in the future. @Simon Thanks for your interest! We noticed that technically you know a lot about the matter, people like you can help us a lot now in the project. To be honest, we are having the same problems as others (not to mention anyone, you know) developing the software. We put all of our capacities trying to solve the problems, what as you know, we are not many in the team, and it is now with Kickstarter, reaching the funds, that we can make our ideas concrete. The function of aetherAR is to collaborate with us developing new software, so together we can find a solution for all the problems we meet. The aetherAR work is an amazing one, the guy is really good in his field and we are sure he is going to develop something revolutionary soon. As we said we will publish a guide “how to use it” to show everybody how to stream content, convert it, etc, in an accessible way. Thanks very much for your support! We did it! We have reached the goal and we have still time! Thank you very much! It is your support which made this happen! We won't stop here, this is just an extra motivation to continue working hard. Now the project is a reality, really soon you will enjoy vrAse! @Grillo del mal STEM looks like a really good device for vrAse! We believe it is easier this way, but we will discuss about it. Thanks for your comment! @Paul If needed we will call you for sure! @Justin Your smartphone has to be safe in vrAse, the design has been especially studied. Developers are working with different options to interact with your smartphone when it is inside vrAse. There are a wide range of options like voice commands, move your head to send orders to the smartphone (headtracking), give orders with your eyes (eyetracking like in the S4), use the buttons on the side of your smartphone or use a Bluetooth controller, mouse, wireless device… Hi guys, Thanks very much P@s@f! You are right, you can play any game that is in your computer, including the ones from other platforms. Just want to add that lots and lots of developers are contacting us to develop apps, games, software, etc. for vrAse. Once we have something finished you will be the first to know about it. Kickstarter does not allow us to make a pledge offering 2 or more vrAses (we do not know why). @Alex Yes, you will be able to get perfect fit cases and universal adapters from our website and/or our retailers. @NorthernAvengeR Hello Northern, As you touched some points, we´ll answer them one by one; I Backed this project because I'm curious if this will actually go where the pitch is strongly alluding to and the light blocking might be neat for use in sunlight. - We are glad you backed our project. Thanks. I still find the pitch to be somewhat disingenuous though. All I can take away from the pitch asto what this really is, is basically a pair of binoculars your phone slides into that you can strap to your face. - Yes, it seems you get the idea well!. Who is going to supply the SBS 3D content beyond specialized video player apps for video? - We´ll post software news over at our website, but most probably not us, we are not a software company. Is there a driver that converts 2D into SBS 3D without significant performance drops? Who will be supplying this? - There are some nice drivers out there. Please check our website and www.google.com Is there a list of SBS-capable games? (That must also have controller support because the touchscreen will be hugging your retinas) - Please check our website and social media periodically for news. Without precise headtracking how is this in any way "VR" ? - Depends on how you define "precise". Who came up with that name? - What name? I don't want to come off as overly critical, but that pitch left me with more questions than answers. - We´ll be glad to answer them. I'm quite excited by the potential in this and I want it to become a reality - Please fell free to upgrade your pledge if you feel like doing so. …but I feel the only sure thing this will succede at is being a superior competitor to the TV HAT(remember that thing?) - We don´t know “that thing”, but if it sucks we are sure you´ll know it well. I would love to be proven wrong. - We are working hard to prove people like you they are wrong ;). @Bor We are going to make sure the quality of our product will be the best from the very beginning. Until the design is ready we are not going to send it to production. First, we will make sure everything is perfect. @David People like you make vrAse possible. Thanks very much! @Karsten The Note 3 will be one of the best phones for vrAse. The Note 3 is pretty amazing! And with the gear there are a new world of possibilities. About the latency, technically the latency will be faster in new mobiles phones because it won't need to send the information to another device and return it. @Anna Lisenko Technically it is possible to stream any content from the PC to the smartphone, so almost every game from other platforms can be streamed to your smartphone and enjoyed with vrAse. @Cameron The way to do so will be through aetherAR. We are now working together to make amazing things. @Anna We met them at the Gamescom in Cologne, Germany. Oculus is a nice device but it is a completely different concept from vrAse. Remember that all games that are for PC can be streamed to your smartphone. @Oleg About the perfect fit adapters, vrAse will always try to incorporate them for as much mobiles as possible. Breixo We will do everything that is in our hand to make vrAse possible for your smartphone. @David All your support is making this really happen! Today has been an amazing day for vrAse! @David vrAse will support smartphones til 6.3" I am afraid tablets are too big and heavy. Smartphones are getting better too and more powerful! @David We are working full time contacting media! Help us spread the word! @Karsten The Samsung note 3 will be an amazing smartphone for vrAse! @Peter Yes, you are right, last steps! Go, go, go! Help us spread the word! @P@s@f Thank very much for your support and comments! All your comments are technically correct. @Tom As I wrote to Stephen wearing vrAse you will only see your smartphone screen with the perfect fit cases. If you mean from outside, check on vrAse.com the images. @hikikomori4ever We are working on the website translation. We realize some people want it only in his language, so we are doing it ;) @Stephen Yes. VrAse will work with your Iphone 5s. What you will see is just the screen, in smartphones with a small screen you will see black outlines around the image (for this reason we recommend smartphones with huge screen) but anyway it will be correct by the lenses in the future. @hikikomori4ever You do not have to add £10. The universal case is included on your pledge. You will have to choose it at the end of our Kickstarter campaign. We will send you and email, do not worry about it. Thanks for your support! @David Thanks a lot! We are doing everything we can and sometimes, more! ;-) @Fernando Thank you very much! @Michael The lenses are easily interchangeable so you can use your own lenses. The reason why you do not wear glasses with vrAse is because the closest your eyes are from the lenses, the most immersive is the experience. @Neil The stretch goal will come once we have reached the funding goal. We are thinking about it already! If you wish to receive a perfect fit vrAse + the additional universal case, please add just £10 to your actual pledge. You can do it know or at the end of the Kickstarter campaign. Thanks for the idea! @David and P@s@f The mailing is daily, we are sending emails everyday, everywhere in the world. We are looking for new ideas to make marketing campaigns with little money. You can help us spreading the word! @Ali Thanks very much for spreading the voice! @Kartens Thanks very much! We are really happy about it! In few days we are going to add a new pledge option, we are just calculating the production and distribution costs. About the lenses, they are easily interchangeable and in the future (once we are settled) you will be able to get new lenses depending on of your vision condition. @Ali Our work is now focused on the case itself (only hardware) of vrAse, to reach the best looking ever and a device as comfortable as possible. Our mission with developers is to show them our project, make them understand the vrAse possibilities and convince them to create contents for vrAse (software, apps, games, etc). We cannot focus on everything, because if we try to focus on everything, nothing will be properly done. As we said before, we are going to publish in our new website (date of release is still to confirm) a guide “How to use it” to convert in Side By Side the contents you want to play on vrAse. It will be an accessible guide, so everybody will be able to use it. The hardware is what we are working on now, but we want you to make your own idea on the product, for example, imagine a video player that works with a voice command (play, stop, pause, etc). We really believe vrAse is the future of entertainments. @Peter Thanks for your comment! We are working on the tables and we will publish an update soon. Some people are asking for it, so we are creating one, but it takes time to do it. @Karsten Thanks very much for all your comments! We are going to publish a table with the phone screen size and correlating FoV soon. As we added a universal adapter we are checking how to manage the table. The distortion has not been ignored, we realized it can be corrected with the appropriate software. Of course, we agree that Carmack is doing an excellent work about these issues. vrAse is open to collaborate with other companies ; we know the market is big enough to cover all competitors. We believe as well in cooperation for the VR world, because as you say it means developers will be more interested. Developers are interested in having an SDK as well as the greatest number possible of users. You can already use Unity 3D. We are developing WareWork (<url>’t be fair. We will provide a guide with all the info. @ Evan Thanks for your interest in vrAse. The latency will depend on 3 things; the smartphone you are using, the connection (Wifi or cable) and the software you are using. @Joe Anders is right, you won't have any strain because you will focus the infinite. @Espen We are working on it, it is a good idea because you could play games or use some buttons for media player just with your eyes. Thanks for your comment! @Greg We are still thinking of adding more smartphones as stretch goals once we reach the funding goal. @Xiao Thanks for your comment. We think you may be right, please let me speak with my team about it and come back to you in few days. @dqpb The models we have designed are much more awesome but Kickstarter did not allow us to use render. You will receive the new design, not the old one. @Jay Thanks for supporting us! You can update your pledge at the end of the campaign so don’t worry. @Tzolak Thank you very much! We have heard what you have to say, so don’t hesitate to bring new ideas to the project. @Harrad Thanks Harrad to demonstrate you can record the “skate scene”. Harrad we believe you should show your software to the public. @Dennis Thanks very much for your ideas. We are doing a list of apps and games that you will be able to play from day one (and it is not a short one). @Mike We are a really open minded company and we will try to convince as many people as we can to develop the apps for vrAse, and the media ones are really interesting. But it is really you, the backers, who will make this possible, because if lots of people are interested in vrAse the big guys will do what people is asking for. The models we have designed are much more awesome but Kickstarter did not allow us to use photorealistic renders. @Joe Thanks very much for your comments. Really appreciated, they will do vrAse big. We knowbvrAse is a revolutionary device, something that is going to change the way to understand our smartphones. Now, with your support and with our vision we will make the developers see that the future is here. We have been last week at the Gamescom showing vrAse concept to developers and they loved it! The campaign in Kickstarter will mean everything for vrAse future, because if it’s really successful, developers will cleqrly see, future is here! I have to say that convert a game to SBS it is really easy. Our dream is that soon almost every game have a “vrAse button”. And for the “big names” it will be really really easy. @Hamza Thanks a lot for your opinion! And we quite agree with you. But you have to understand that these ones are just prototypes and the final unit will look even better. @Espen We are focusing on the hardware, to make vrAse look amazing. So it will be the developers how have to think about it. But once vrAse get known developers will think about it for sure. The Samsung galaxy s4 have already eyetracking recognition, so the technology already exists. The vrAse limits will be the developers’ imagination, and they are doing amazing stuff every day! @Sergei The lenses are high quality ones so you are not supposed to experience any distortion. @Tzolak Thanks for supporting us even if your smartphone was not supported by vrAse! The good news is that now you can use vrAse with you iphone 4s! @Lusus We understand people thinking differently from us. We respect their opinions. But one thing is true, the day they try a 3D movie in vrAse they won’t care to look “geek” because wearing vrAse. I am sure about it. (The experience is awesome!) You can now enjoy vrAse with your s2! With the new universal adaptor! @dqpb Thanks for the comment, we mean the lenses are high quality ones, so the image will be seen in an amazing quality. Sorry about the mistake! Thanks to you we realised the misunderstanding and we changed it already in home. @Jarrad This is it, new apps with vrAse mean amazing experience with augmented reality. We realised people are really interested in VR and we created vrAse to help this new revolution begin faster and stronger. Thanks for the idea! @Karmeck. Yes androidpolice criticized us just based on the esthetics, which is really funny, when you realize how people looked when they started using mobiles phones. First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win. - Mahatma Gandhi - @Andrew Yes, the “concept” goes back to the 19th century. Actually, the time has come for the concept of a smartphone used as “the ultimate device” (maybe like smart watches), so it´s somehow understandable that some projects will do similar things at the same time. Our difference with similar projecst (some details maybe too similar… hint; front image) remains in important quality aspects like really studied design, a good sized team, quality optics (“others” use fresnel lenses that distort image and will surely give you visual discomfort), establishing contacts with software developers, etc. @simon Thanks for the “wall of text” ;) I´ll try to answer with a “table of possible solutions”; First of all thank you for your support! Watching media; if you don´t want a call to disturb you while watching a movie, modern phones usually have an option “airplane mode” that would allow you to not be disturbed ;) . As for converting media, you can enjoy movies in their actual format, but for now our team is not dealing with the software part of the equation. so if someone wants to convert any media to another format they will have to use the application of their choice. We´ll include a user guide with many examples and software already available. Gaming; Yes vrAse is a new format with lots of possibilities AND challenges, also we are sure people will realize the potential of using vrAse as the medium to deliver compelling apps/games to the smartphone (not to a limited user base, but potentially to hundreds of millions of smartphone users!). Not all games need a joystick to be controlled, there are a whole new world of possibilities just by using the data provided by the smartphone (sensors, frontal camera, etc).Standardization in that way is steaming at full speed (look at apple recent announcements). It’s impossible for our small company to try and cover all bases, however, we want to show people the new format - in a really quality product - they can experiment. Many points are easy to advance/speculate on? thanks to smartphones, because they will always get first new technologies (better screens, wireless coms, sensors, etc). Also if you are too concerned about latency, the smartphone has theoption to use a cable to connect to other more powerful hardware. Of course you also can spend hundreds of dollars in “developers” products that also have our set of challenges to get ahead. Some announcements in the gaming side will be made during the campaign. Feedback; Other companies try to explore the concept in other ways (read nvidia project shield), and this usually means spend hundreds of dollars. Sure the video is to let people get a hint about all new possibilities!! ;) not everything is final!. We are trying to bring a high quality and accessible device for people to enjoy and experiment with. BTW look @”jarrad Hope” comment (we have one beta software now that runs at 20fps and is codded with java, and new galaxy s4 series are able to record up to 120fps… so the hardware and software are actually studied for that (skating scene on the video ;)) ). As you have described it, there is a great potential in this new way of using the smartphone, if you are a dev, now is the time to explore all these new possibilities. Sorry guys we have not answered you yet! But the whole team is preparing a really big SURPRISE for tonight. We have heard what you have to say and we have worked really hard to find a solution. We will answer all the comments and personal messages tonight after the big update. We would like to Thank you all! It means a lot for us that you believe in our project! vrAse team @George First thanks you for your interest in vrAse! 1. vrAse will be ready for 6 smartphones, but unfortunately not for tablets. They are too big and heavy. 2.The case for each smartphone is specially design to fit perfectly with vrAse. There are technical aspects to take in consideration. We really believe in our idea, we know it is a good one and the reactions from people who have tried vrAse prove it. After Kickstarter, start production and make vrAse even better, and this means as well make vrAse available to almost any smartphone on the market, even the ones that are not best sellers. This is the reason why need your support, because even if vrAse is not available for your phone now, it will be (if everything goes well of course!). As well, we are going to publish a really accessible Guide before the end of our Kickstarter campaign. We will explain how to convert your movies and games into Side By Side (SBS) format and how to stream contents from your computer (there are lots of games and demos already online). @w3nk18m When the project finish, we will contact you, asking you which model of vrAse you want and for which smartphone. You have to write your address on the amazon account, but don't worry, you can write us at the end of the project to change it if necessary. Guys I hope we arrive soon to the goal so we can add your smartphones! Good luck for everybody! @Brad Thanks a lot for supporting us! We are focus in the hardware, not software, but we have closely worked with Warework, a company that will help developer to create new software really fast, efficient and cross platform compatible, and it's also free. Like this we can focus on the design and quality of the product. You have to understand that we don’t want to compete developing software, because as soon as vrAse get known, developers will see that the future is on the smartphone. The last months we have been showing the product to lots of developer and they love the idea. Hopefully there will be some special surprises to be announced during the Kickstarter campaign. We have not contacted with Poppy yet, but we realised that the idea is a really good one and compatible with vrAse. We are a very open company, small but open minded. @othersdevices Yes, it is really weird! Especially because we have spent more than a year to prepare the project and 2 months to have it ready for Kickstarter. Anyway it's nice to know that everybody is interested in Virtual Reality and that proves the idea is a good one. Hi guys, We will try to extend vrAse compatibility to as many smartphones as possible for the release, but our priorities are always the product quality and make sure the new smartphones added fit perfectly in vrAse so they can provide the best experience to the user. Marijn Stretch goals will come as soon as we reach our funding goal! So please support us! thanks a lot! Peter Wiegersma Thanks a lot! We are really focus on the hardware to do an amazing design which it looks awesome! You have to think that possibilities are almost limitless, because the smartphone is a machine built for communications. You can connect it to others devices in many different ways. We are going to publish a accessible guide to show everybody how to deal with the software. But.... I'm almost sure developers will have solve all these issues before you have vrAse in your hands. Pablo Thank you very much! We believe the idea is really simple and super powerful. You don't need your glasses! More info in the FAQs The brightness has to be adjust to the most comfortable for your eyes. Dinh It will depend of the software you choose. It looks pretty amazing with the iphone 5, but it is look even better with full HD screen. More pixels = Better image quality. Alex Thanks for the question. vrAse will support till 6.3" screen. And we'll see with future designs. Rob W Yes it is really weird that a guy have the same idea, with the same price and dates... really weird. And it's more strange because we made it public a week ago. Anyway, we are glad people like our idea and want to try develop it on their own. I would like to say we really believe in our product, the design is awesome, the lenses have been tested by our ophthalmologist and your smartphone will be well hold and secure inside vrAse. Edmond Officially I cannot say anything yet, but if we get the funding goal we are thinking on set stretch goals with more smartphones. And nexus 4 will be one of the first because lots of people are asking for it. We encourage all the backers to support our project, even if it is only £1, because this will means that new phones will be ready from day one. Thanks Denny TB Thanks for your support! And do not worry, your smartphone is really powerful and the screen have amazing resolution so you won't regret it! You have to see people smiling first time they try vrAse, they can't help it. Esteban Thanks! I am sure more people have the same questions. You can add the shipping cost now or later on, no problem at all. Shadaz The point is that our product have more options than others product in the market. Your smartphone is a really powerful machine and with vrAse you can do plenty of things! How sick you feel will depend on the app or game you are playing. If you are watching a movie, you don't need to move your head (Although, I cannot help myself moving the head from time to time, because the 3D images are so realistic and immersives that look they are going to touch you) Hi Greg L. Thank you very very much. We won't forget this! Last login December 15 2020.. i guess it's safe to say vArse 2 is not coming lol! Such a shame! Buenos días. Sigo esperando mi unidad de Vrase desde su inicio en Kickstarted. Les mande mi dirección para que me enviaran la unidad y sigo esperando. Gracias I got the headset and I think it's great! So what's up with vArse 2? Should i return my outdated Quest 2, cause i can use any phone with vArse? Dear Louise Bankhead, how about refunds instead? You've shipped already everything. Now it's time to pay back. vrAse 2... lol. Hi! I am a backer but I haven’t had mine yet Hi, I'm still here. Thees new, taller, phones don't fit the headsets anymore. Have a p30 pro and it's just too wide with it's not 16:9 aspect ratio. Hoping for a new headset with built in screen. Can I just refund? Hi I am a bracker but never received my reward. Can you issue me a refund? I have missed this as it has been 5 to 6 years since it was started. I even missed the update and email. Is this still active? Would I still be able to receive the unit or would it be possible to do a refund? So vArse "launched" a little over year ago (that never stopped Miguel from claiming he was first even before Google Cardboard) and nobody ever spoke about it at any VR news outlet? Well done! Your limited batch of 300 units is still in stock on your website. Looks like we are all idiots for using locked, outdated hardware instead of using always the newest phone. Who cares about wireless streaming, or using it fully standalone with rich library. Hand tracking? Gimmick! 6DOF controllers? B please. Cheap plastic optics? Haha! Oculus Link? Who wants to pay $80 for official high end 5 meters cable when you can get vArse for a little more? Even Carmack gave farewell to phone based VR, but who the hell is this guy. Miguel is in VR industry for much longer! 2020 is yet another year of Oculus ecosystem. The failure of vArse makes me feel warm inside. A while ago you said you'll provide refunds once all units are shipped. You claim you shipped 99% already. It's safe to assume the rest is absolutely not interested in this piece of crap. vArse miguel schaffino eyedak louise bankhead - scammers since 2013. I haven’t had mine yet either.... Does anyone actually receive this over delayed product? @creator what about mine? no delivery here I guess i am within the 0.1%? Can you please check if mine was sent and share the tracking code with me? Thanks! Hi, how can we check if we have already paid the postage? Is there a website we can login to to check the status of our orders? Im sure I paid it but can't remember. Thanks. Hello Team, Another month have passed and there is no update or timeline.. Please share an update with the backers.. I still have not received anything at all! I received my vrAse today. Here are my thoughts: Opening the box, i liked that it came with a soft storage pouch. The headband design is very good, and the adjustment of the distance between phone and lenses is good. Sadly, this is where my excitement ends. * No instruction manual provided. Only some very little descriptive pictures. The "quick start guide" only tells me about 1000 things I'm not supposed to do. * What are the black pads for? Glueing on my phone? No thank you. * Front cover does not fit. It falls off if you look a little hard at it. Also, why not make it symmetric? Or hinged? * Plastic feels cheap overall. * Adjusting for the size of the phone is cumbersome. * Lenses are wayyy to close to my eyes. My eyelids touch them, smudging them with whatever stuff has collected during the day. Am I supposed to wash my face every time? Should have been stated in the manual (oh wait...) * My nose touches the plastic, and when breathing through my nose, the lensed fog up. I tried having it higher on the head, but it feels wrong and uncomfortable. (My nose is average sized) I saw some proposed solutions somewhere in the comments (from Eyedak), but none work to any meaningful degree. I would never buy this in the store today for anything more than €20. Maybe they need to touch because of my last recognised CardBoar code was for glasses with this "Primary button type" (I've just now have seen this setting at <url>"well, I mean, it's made of aluminum just like all the other high-end soda containers!"? ---- About the usage of smartphone-based VR/AR; right now, market is in some dimensions waiting for a “killer-app” to arrive, our bet is that most probably will come from the smartphone as the installed user base is just immense. ---- Already waited years for the device. Your comment proves my point about the state of VR/AR. ---- If you want more info we´ll be more than glad to give you a detailed explanation. ---- I would have liked more detailed explanations via Kickstarter updates throughout the entire campaign and project transfer ordeal. It doesn't matter now. Today I received this thing in the post. Wow! I never thought that would actually happen! So, kudos to the team for actually getting the devices sent out - finally. However, there is a downside to this story. I am an experienced VR producer who has ran an AR/VR company for 4 years now. We have used every type of Google Cardboard/plastic viewer device available for many projects, and I know what sort of build quality to expect from these type of devices, and whether they will survive general usage - for consumers, for public installations, and for corporate use. This is the worst quality plastic VR viewer I have ever seen. The physical design is poor. Clunky, ugly, uncomfortable. The plastic is flimsy and brittle, and the mechanics for holding a phone in place are easily the worst I've ever encountered. I actually broke a small plastic part off just trying to put my phone into it. Haha - wait five years, then break the product in the first five minutes! If I wanted to be angry about this, I would be. I would demand a new item be sent out to replace the broken one. Or, like so many others, I would ask for my money back. But the truth is, I really couldn't care less about this. As an industry insider, I can only laugh about how astonishingly bad this product is - and consign it to the bottom of our 'Plastic Cardboard' box. A shame, really - We've got some big projects coming up that could have benefited from something like this. I guess I'll be placing my bulk order for those lovely Homido headsets instead. Hello dear EYEDAK team, I am simply amazed and astonished what you have achieved. It is more than ordinary KickstarterTeams achieve. Way more. Way more that ordinary people achieve. Or humans at all. You sucessfully broke a Tsunamii of an shitstorm and proved to be strong, competent and determinded even if things got very unstable....tearing apart... during your campaign resiliance is the word that describes the ability to withstand harsh circumstances and remain stable. children living in ghettos proved to have strong resiliance. thats what scientific researches proved. If the kids get asked what is it that is it that hase the most value in their live... they answer friends resiliance is the most valuable ability a human can achieve during his live in this world. What a 💩 Thanks for the feedback. Hello How long does the delivery time take from making the postage payment? Regards Tom The VR/AR effects works fine, and the unit sits relatively comfortably on my head. However, the whole thing feels cheap, like if it were to fall and hit the ground, it would shatter into pieces. Also, VR and AR have gone in a pretty different direction during the very long wait for this product to be released. I can't think of anything I could do with this over Google's Cardboard, which has been available since VR and AR were still hopeful and interesting back in 2014. Cardboard is also cheap enough to replace if the unit were to break or malfunction. Finally, I would like to mention the lack of transparency and communication to backers throughout the campaign, and especially the delays (not to mention the entire situation with Louis Bankhead and the project being transferred to Eyedak; it's all so shady). It's not technically part of why I think the product is garbage, but needs to be mentioned since you're asking. You guys freakin' rock; how you have maintained balance to f**k the haters is a testimony to true grit and belief in ones convictions. Has anyone actually received one of these or is it all still smoke and mirrors? Backer #782, email address is <email> Bucket #782 again, not had the delivery survey come though so please can you resend it to me? I will message you via KS With my address. Backer #$782 again, based in UK but happy to pay postage for a slick delivery!! All the best! Backer #782 you guys must feel pretty stoked to get your product to where it is today. You mentioned a May delivery date for backers; is this still ngoing ahead? I have to pay 6 euro for postage but im not paying it. It's not worth anything to me. I now already have a samsung vr and oculus rift. Why should i now waste a further 6 euro? You either send it to me free of charge or better yet, refund me. On your website the description is. "The smartphone visual reality glasses" <url>’m sorry but I am not sending you another penny. I just don’t trust you. This product is garbage. Hello backer #782 here. Please may you let me know when you are ready to ship, as I have changed my address from when I backed the project. Could you also let me know how I can update my address. Fair play for getting this thus far. Hello, I want to know at which phase is the shipping now? I'm backer but I had yet to receive the email for confirmation of my shipping details. Hello, backer #649 here. Any news on shipping date? Can't find survey email from you. Hello, I want to know at which phase is the shipping now? I'm backer #609 but I had yet to receive the email for confirmation of my shipping details. Hey Peter, you seem a bit triggered. Quest is launching in two weeks, with launch title I've been working on as well. Have you sold your unit yet? You're pathetic. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Bluetooth controllers? Are you serious? "we don´t want to bother backers" x D lol @ miguel "Launched" over 100 days ago, still not able to fulfill even half the backers. Great launch, much pleasure! This is ridiculous at every level, especially every single word when you badly attempt to paint vArse as a better device. Where are your controllers? Where is your software? <url>"investors" that you took advantage of. Quest is releasing very, very soon. Exciting! I didn't check this thread for almost 2 years i think... Today, i don't know why, i've entered in Kickstaster and... WOW such a surprise! I'm going to receive my Vrase finally... Can't believe it! I'm backer #519 and already received a message from Eyedak almost a month ago. Now I'll wait until the unit arrives! This is very exciting! It's amazing that you delivered after all that time. To be honest, I didn't think you would. Alas, what's the point? It's an okayish phone holder VR viewer. The optics seem very good, with a good FoV and great clarity. Kudos for having adjustable IPD and focal length. But phone VR has eclipsed years ago - GearVR, Oculus Go and Quest are where it's at today for standalone VR devices. To top it off, I can't use it because my glasses won't fit under it. Maybe my kids will get some use out of it... Still, super impressed that you delivered where most others would simply have walked away. I respect that. Thanks, vrAse team, and good luck with future endeavors! Do you send an email with tracking once sent? I received mine in UK. Yes, very clear lenses, a bit on the heavy side. But I give you credit for ultimately delivering, because so many other Kickstarter project didn't. Good luck in your endeavours. Yes, I want my tracking number for sure :) !!! Thank you Will I receive a email message when vrAse team send my vrAse unit? I'm backer #594, just to you know :) Thanks! Was backer 183! How can you have moved onto 200-300????? Backed ‘super early bird’ but still waiting on email?????? Backer #594 and just received my address confirmation email. I will need a kickstarter project to get rid of this thing. So far zero interest for it online. Nobody wants to buy this thing. :) Backer #393, still waiting on an email. I live in Canada and it took one month to receive it after I sent my address. The estimated shipping time after packaging was 3 week. There was no email to confirm shipment or tracking number. There's probably no problem. The lenses are extremely clear on the display but are very close to the face. My eyelashes got the lenses smeared with oil lol, consider taking a shower before using. And avoid wearing the headset anywhere near sunlight or bright lights. The magnifying effect could damage your vision. Me too I have not received mine! anyone interested in buying mine? still in sealed box. it seems I can't even get rid of it. noone is interested online (0 views). Good luck selling these online vrase. Hi. Cannot get a sharp picture, any ideas? Should us 300's expect emails soon? Hi Im backer 42 don't see any mail please send me my vrase Hi guys. I just want to know how can I confirm the address that you guys have for shipping. Thanks Same here, returned my adress, now waiting for the package. Lets see if it can overrule the other VR devices. Just sent payment for shipping as requested! Unbelievable that this project actually came together. I did a double take when I realized I made this pledge back in 2013! Really Looking forward to getting this and seeing it in action. I got the email from the ether asking for my address for delivery. It must be a record on Kickstarter 6 years after payment collection. I have not bothered to check this page in more than 4 years as I have written it off as a lost cause among my 1,000+ backed projects. Hey Eyedak! I'm backer #594, so that means that I will have to wait my vrAse unit got manufactured, right? And if Yes, do you have some estimate time for it (to manufacture 100 units, for example)? Thanks! Hey Ashley, like you said in a later comment: "Backer 393, nothing to report yet." But they (they, Eyedak) warn in a past comment here below: "Dear Backers, first 100 emails to first 100 backers have been sent asking for addresses..." ...and from the last update (update #32): "First batch we´ll send is for the first 200 backers..." In other words, if you are the #393 backer, it will take some time to your vrAse arrive. I think they will have to manufacture your unit yet, so, hope that don't take 2/3 years hehehe. Hey Ashley, like you said in a later comment: "Backer 393, nothing to report yet." But they (they, Eyedak) warn in a past comment here below: "Dear Backers, first 100 emails to first 100 backers have been sent asking for addresses..." ...and from the last update (update #32): "First batch we´ll send is for the first 200 backers..." In other words, if you are the #393 backer, it will take some time to your vrAse arrive. I think they will have to manufacture your unit yet, so, hope that don't take 2/3 years hehehe. Still waaaaaiting.... I received it today and played with it for few hours. Headset is uncomfortably heavy with my note 8 and pressed my nose pretty badly while I was watching 360 video. Adjustments are stiff and I have to use so much force to move lenses and smartphone distance from lenses. I'm also uncomfortable about taking my note 8 on and off from headset to change content because there is a slight risk that it will scratch my front camera when I slide my phone in and out. There wasn't much content because almost every sofware requires a controller. I thought that this headset would make me comeback to phone based vr headsets but this was horrible experience when I compared it to my htc vive. This was just my experience and it may be different for you. Only plus I would give to this headset is the lenses they are crystal clear :) Backer #9. I actually received the headset today. I will give Eyedak some credit in that the optics are good and there are adjustments for focus, pupilary distance and eye to lens distance. They did try to make the headset as universal in fit based on your smartphone. This is where things are questionable. While the internal lens frame is strong, switches and outside plastics seem weak in comparison. The front plate has side panels that move... I guess to have access to headphone jacks and the like. Problem is they are made of thin plastic and sit correctly upon closing half the time. The camera fit is tight and they actually send small stickers to put on the back of your phone to help it not get scratched. While a kind thought, I'm not putting stickers on my phone. Most headsets have small bumpers build inside to deal with this. I will say that I played a 3d movie and it looked good. It was nice to have the adjustments as it made it more comfortable then say my first generation Gear VR. But technology has moved past the "cardboard" style headset and not having any control (as the later Gear VR does) makes this not as user friendly. Starting a movie then fudging to put the headset back together and on your head makes you realize what is missing compared to later techology. All in all, I'm happy to finally have the VRase delivered. For those who don't have any headset, it works well. But after five years, technology has advanced much further than this headset. Backer#81 here. Got it yesterday. Nice thing, but no chance to use it with glasses.... Anyone else get an email. Anyone actually received a unit yet? how much is the shipping to the UK? Baker #827. Will wait patiently for your email. Waited for 5 years.. few more days don't matter. I hope it will delivered eventually How much is the shipping? in all fairness after 5 years of delay the creators could pay for it as a compensation... Actually I don't see how Netflix VR can work with it, it seems to require a Daydream controller. Someone correct me if I'm wrong. What can I actually use this for? ( I am trying to convince myself I have something to use it for before paying shipping) It has been so long sense the kickstarter. What apps are people actually going to use this for? I imagine it will work with youtube/netflix VR content, but without a controller it seems like other uses besides video playback would be pretty limited. Backer #9 and I received my email. Five years and it's hard to add more monies for shipping at this point. I'll post again when tracking is received. I got an email!!!! Thank you for fulfilling my pledge! Haven't you learned ppl? Those guys at VRASE are amateurs. Look how they run their company. The promise everything at the earliest opportunity without a careful planning and realistic outcome behind it. So far none of their promises happened as they promised it and how they promised it. Read back... It has been 5 years since they set out to make a plastic frame for mobile phones and we have seen very little of it all so far. that says it all. Please don't have your hopes up high or you will be disappointed. when my comes, if it does at all, it will be for sale immediately as after 5 years I could not care less about this whole thing. Email Update Anyone received an email yet? Backer 393, nothing to report yet. 50th backer. no mails yet I guess they do it in batches of 1 backer per week/month. :) It has been 5 years since the start after all. why would they rush it now? I wonder what happened to our friend REFUND (Krzysztof) I hope he is not going to claim his reward since he has claimed here several times that he successfully got his money back from his bank. That would be classed as fraud against his bank surely, claiming that he never got the item when in the end he did... 100th backer here...no mail so far I am backer #130, i did not see any email yet for the adress? Can you send adress request today and is it possible to have the tracking number when posted? Waiting for the email for delivery. have my hopes high @EYEDAK: Could you show us what the KS version of the vrAse looks like... so that we can compare it to the look of your standard consumer version on your website? Is it only a difference of colour accents -- KS green instead of blue for the adjustment wheel on the side? -- or are there more differences? Could you also let us know whether we can choose to receive the KS version or the standard version? Depending on the differences, some of us may prefer your standard consumer version. Thank you & HNY! FWIW, they have been in touch with me via email. They are legit and really coming through for us. Better late than never. AND we're getting a much improved product too. I don't expect these guys to turn around and come back to us with an email asking for the addresses. Look at their history. Everyone should know by now how they operate. Prove me wrong! (Doubtful) It has been a week. Still waiting on an address email... Thank you & HNY! I live on the south coast of Tenerife. Where (what city or town) on Tenerife would I need to go to pick up my unit? What's the FOV? On your website you mention the new design will be usable for augmented reality too. However, I don’t see a hole on the front of the headset enclosure for the back camera to see the real world through. So, color me a bit puzzled. How will AR be possible with your new design? The specs and design on your website... look great. Tip o’ the hat to your stamina, determination, and for coming through to your KS backers. Impressive! (BTWw, I live on Tenerife.) I was thinking about buying the new HTC Vive Pro. No need now 😀 Great to hear back from you! Will we be able to choose between the KS version with differently colored accents and the regular version? You know, in case some of us prefer the color scheme of the regular version. Wow i hope to see the updates as its promise. looking forward for it after all these years. I am flabbergasted by this news, and am amazed at the tenacity of the Eyedak team to persevere for so long; and under such duress. While this announcement does not remedy the false start and chequered history of this project, the ability to get to the point of delivering does deserve recognition. I gain a little solace from adjusting my perspective on how I view this project. With hindsight this project was doomed to go one of two ways: 1. a bad product was delivered immediately, the backers fumed; and Eyedak's reputation was tarnished; or 2. a good product was delivered beyond late, the backers fumed, and Eyedak's reputation was tarnished. The enforced elimination of buyer's remorse - only from the perspective of a newer better version coming out soon after you purchase something - means that instead of receiving an alpha prototype usable for a short period and nothing more; I would like to think we will be receiving the 2018 product version, with all the improvements that came with previous releases of the product we did not see. Having experience with military and commercial flight simulators from the late 80's; to the Virtuality and VFX1 era; through to today, I never considered the vrAse to be a viable VR solution - I backed it to use just as a large display device. Now the question remains, what will the final product be? Wow 5 years and not a peep now this? A lot of activity on Twitter lately by vrAse but nothing for us. F#ck the backers right!..... December 2027? Nice can't wait. In case anyone missed it. Vrase is coming out on 27/12. <url>“8K” to Begin Shipping By Month’s End, Pimax “5K” Plus Announced. <url>"REFUND." You lost this battle and it bothers you so you are lashing out with your play by play responses. You knew this was a modular unit when you got on board. So this adhera ce to the whole idea is stupid and outdated when in fact it's the direction even Oculus is going just makes you look pathetic. Strapping a full computer to your face is what's outdated in 2018. Give up. You lost. Vrase was able to succeed in spite of your best efforts to thwart them. Mine as well. At least be man enough to acknowledge they pulled it through. That's all they promised for our money and they did it. Everything else is just you trying to sooth your ego. Glad to hear from this project again :) Thanks for the update :) Congrats guys. Total surprise that you pulled it through. But I'm glad you did. If people really want modularity, I wonder why modular smartphones never really came out? It's such an obvious idea, right? There are only good sides to being modular, especially to such rapidly developing area as VR. You failed, Miguel. You hate Oculus so much, but your very first "prototype" is a ripped of Development Kit 1.. :) You couldn't even deliver a single t-shirt for those who pledged. "paid by a well know company…you know…the one you usually promote around here)" Advertising for Oculus is like advertising Coca-Cola - everyone knows them. If you are wearing a headset, to 99% of people it's already an Oculus, even if you play on PSVR. "non-upgradable, closed ecosystem," Oh yes! Because people REALLY want to upgrade their old plastic shells. Closed ecosystem? There isn't any system outside Oculus for Mobile VR. This isn't a concern for any sane user out there. " with outdated processor and non-adjustable lenses…" Outdated processor? Because smartphones are SO MUCH more powerful in real life. And there are tons of games on smartphones that works on mobile VR, but Oculus GO is underpowered for it, right? They made the product as simple as it can get, considering a price that many will afford. "Do you want people to buy another product that will be obsolete in a few months?" Why would it be obsolete? Is it suddenly going to stop working? Has been people already stopped developing for it? "Stand-alone VR devices are simply a no-go (pun intended) … they are just vrAse with a smartphone glued inside!" Oh right, people really want to charge their phone 3 times a day, just to use it in VR. And everyone loves taking phone out of their Gear VR just to reply to a call or message, right? Mobile VR is here way way ahead of anything you can even make. On one of your photos headset is visible, and it looks extremely chinese, especially the foam. Mobile VR is slowly taking off, but the idea of using a smartphone for VR it outdated in 2018. You are a failed, miserable project. It's not like you are going to sell these headsets for 50 euros each, and offer replacement parts for like 5 euros each. But that is what you imply - that people will be able to upgrade it etc... The future is in new technologies - varifocal display, hand tracking like in Santa Cruz. What the hell are you offering that others don't, other than your lens adjustments that very few actually need? I really really hope you keep sinking money in this. Fail to deliver is one thing, but to deliver 5 years late and still release crap is a whole another level of disgust. lol lol Not a single sane person will buy anything but Oculus GO if they're looking for portable VR. Linking to Magic Leap is really lame. You forgot to say please. Pimax still hasn't delivered anything. Another "successful" campaign funded by naive crowd. SCAMMM I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. It is end of the month, and there wasn't any post for a long time here. 6 NOV 2017 <url>😊 Posting this is as ridiculous. As a Superbacker, you should have performed chargeback years ago. What do you expect now? That they will suddenly give you your money back? Money is long gone and was never spent to produce our headsets. I'm worried about Karmeck though. He hasn't posted anything for half a year already. Are you enjoying your vArse? I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Can't be far off now surely..... Wow miguel. <url>"We promised ourselves to not disturb until we had some cool stuff to communicate." - L - O - L - Any update? No? Nothing? Well let me update you then. Louise Bankhead, the original creator of vArse Kickstarter campaign - that's where her role has started and immediately ended - is now married to COO Francisco Hernandez. <url>"Dear TriOptimum, sorry for the delay in the answers, we are very small and just focus our small capabilities in doing the work. Yes, we will send the nicest and most incredible VR glasses for any smartphone...also most probably the most delayed KS project ever ;). It has taken us years, and we still battling with an insane number of industrialization challenges. But we have been pushing and now have tens of units ready to ship. We´ll wait to have the whole lot before sending them. As for refunds, we are sorry we expend long ago all funds (and then some) in production. Regards." January 2018 has been an amazingly quiet month for vArse. What's up with the final adjustments? Did you reach the factory capacity of 3500 unit a day? lol I just got rick rolled!! Have you guys seen the latest video from CES 2018 about vArse? I got to say, I'm really surprised! Looks like they will deliver and it's better than anything currently on the market! <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Karmeck where is your optimism and blind faith now? Why don't you bother the team again to kindly provide us an "update"? You can't sell something you will never own. Mobile VR is "just fine", but 2 years after Gear VR it still lacks decent content. Honestly the best VR app/game is just Quake 1. I had higher expectations for mobile VR. I was pretty damn sure that most of the open source PC classic games will be ported; instead devs are making half assed games that noone wants to buy or even play; simply cause they suck. Mobile VR will not catch up with tethered experience for many many years to come. Phone based vr headsets have been dead to me since I got HTC Vive. Vrase is going to be garbage and I really hope to get my money back when I sell it to someone. Here is leaked photo of the final version of the latest vArse prototype. <url>"team". He is nothing but insecure nerdy kid. Eyedak is bankrupt, they are not bringing anything to anyone. However they still remain active and all they ever do on Kickstarter is just reporting my comments - I had one month suspension because of my "disrespectful" behaviour lol. Kickstarter, Indiegogo or any other kind of crowdfunding is just for naive people like Karmeck. The best part of this campaign was performing a chargeback. Ask and ya may receive You think we can get this before Christmas 2027? "It's coming soon!" We have been told this for three years... Ask and ya shall receive: <url>" U P D A T E ", and still counting. THIS is one of the reasons of their silence. Noone wants to come here and being called all kind of names, like they said it in one of the updates. Guess what, nobody gives a F and it wouldn't happen in first place if you d**kheads wouldn't lie from the very beginning. You impatient bastards, it's coming soon, just keep waiting..... ARSCHLOCH!! I'm sure they are working on final adjustments. Give it a few more years. Any news? I only have about 50 years left to live... This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Just a few more years of final adjustments! Karmeck, we need your fanboyism and blind faith here. February 2014 - August 2017....... Hmm. The update was supposed to arrive already. Must be some new trouble afoot. But of course we will never know with this shady group. These scammers logged in on 21st of July 2017. Looks like they changed their profile description. Hilarious! "Born to develop vrAse, the first Smartphone Virtual Reality Case, EYEDAK values practical innovation for the world and dedication to every relationship, striving to be the first in the challenges we endeavor, as well as everyday improvements, whatever the problem or context." Just a few more years of final adjustments and tweaks and we will all enjoy our vArse with perfect fit case for our beloved Galaxy S3. Can't wait to throw my Gear VR, Daydream, Rift, Vive and PSVR to trash. The revolution is coming. Cannot believe a word of what vrAse says or writes anymore. Actions speak louder than words and there hasn't been any visible product action for an incredibly long time! I do enjoy the ongoing shit show over it though. � Here is my Facebook chat with vrase about shipping and production. <url>"special edition" HA! Very very bankrupt I would say. Here's the truly amusing thing...the pledges didn't include shipping costs. My understanding is the "big update" is gonna be asking for MORE money from the international buyers (almost all). I can't imagine anyone at this point giving them $19 MORE dollars at this point to end up getting the device. This will allow them to not ship many of the units that are due with the excuse that they refused to pony up shipping costs. This will allow them to ship a very small number of the sub-par units they have assembled thereby giving the appearance of finally meeting their obligations but without having make a "sorry we couldn't deliver" acknowledgement. An update is coming as I understand it. But it's going to get pretty ugly up in here when it does is my guess. Have you considered asking in a more polite way? lol Brian, it's been waaay more than the 6 weeks you have mentioned. Do you have an update for us? How bankrupt vArse really is? Ok. We are waiting for vrase. Can you send it in this summer to me? 1, 2 and 3 years ago they were also being made. Carry on with your plastic hype. Fackbok page: <url>"Kickstarter is not a store". No one will ever receive a product or a refund from this campaign. We lost our hard earned money and we are now the butt of a joke. End of story on this bull$hit. Refund please. Time flies, and miguel did not log in here since March 24 2017. So, is vArse coming out or not? Cmoar has admitted that they no longer work on the product. It's over. Meanwhile everything that miguel ever said in this campaign has not come to fruition. According to Brian, there are 2 weeks left until everyone get something from the almighty miguel. I don't believe they will release anything, not even an apology. After all, "they haven't done anything wrong" lol Can someone from vrAse just admit there is no product coming to its backers and that they either squandered or lived the high life with our money. :-/ Hahaha. Hail Hydra! And you Karmeck go to hell with your fanboyism. I hoped you would grow up by now. I'm just gonna guess here but maybe thire Facebook page had to many bad comments from impatient people. Long live Vrase. Good news everyone! vArse seems to be dead again. They have removed their Facebook page. <url>"communicating"? They don't. They just post few times in a year to appear alive, but as you can see for yourself, the product is NOWHERE near closer to being released. Hell, we don't even know what they were "working" on. All we know is that it's "better" than anything on the market. They made those selfish claims already like 3 years ago, lol. R E F U N D ! ! ! 12% of the projects I have backed have not come to fruition. A few years ago I classified vrAse as another Kickstarter scam, just like Shawn West's 30 Second Charging, Rechargeable Battery; Jon Atherton's YuFu; and Robert Hart's Miracle Stake. Shawn West took the money and ran - there was NO pretence of any legitimacy once the campaign closed, just radio silence. Jon Atherton was greedy and maintained a facade of being close to shipping for a number of months, just to continue to bilk hard working people of ~$250,000; before telling his backers to go and fuck themselves. The Miracle Stake seemed legitimate, until Robert had a sudden unexpected "trademark" issue; followed by promises of updates, and a sudden dearth of communication. In comparison, vrAse is still communicating after all these years, which makes one wonder if there really is a product coming... I expected that you guys are going to announce final release date yesterday. You ruined your chance. Next April 1st is only next year... HAHAHA. So start summit is long over, and the only evidence of vArse existence is in the tweet karmeck has posted. Great job guys. Keep it up. 2028 can't come soon enough! Oh, mobile did not load the full photo. Looks like there is no hole for camera, neither the front panel is made from see-through material. This looks like the very same unit from the photos I leaked last year. Needless to say, looks like Kickstarter money fed miguel very well, he gained quite a bit weight. I can only see Miguel, where is the vArse unit? Image from the event Kolla in @vrAse_lives tweet: <url>"As for refunds, they will be offered, but only once we are sure every single vrAse has been shipped. Regards" I wanna a refund too. I have GearVR and a HTC Vive by now. This campaign was 2013 lol I'm interested in the refund as well. Please inform your backer on how and when they can request a refund. Most importantly, when do you start providing refunds? Most importantly, when do you start providing refunds? @Eyedak how exactly product changed? From what you are saying I see that there are no more 'Origin' or 'Mist' (are you aware that you could change description of campaign?) models, there is only one. Okay, what about 'perfect-fit' and 'universal' cases? Are they actual? Or abolished too? Will be there any features as hole for earphones or ability to connect external charger? Any accessories? Maximum smartphone size stated in official specifications on forums was 164 x 85 x 11, what technical changes made that it is now shrank to 160 x 85 x 10? Why you've shut down vrAse forums by the way? How exactly you will process delivery of product? As you see, some bakers already done chargeback via bank. How you will know who are not? What you will use to collect addresses? How delivery process will be organized? What package will be used? And what about Louise Bankhead and Francisco J. Hernández? We had nice conversations via email long time ago. Whoa, talk about a blast from the past! I though the "We give up!" e-mail from January 2016 was the final death-knell of this production, until I just re-read that e-mail and realised I'd miss-read it the first time. It would be astounding if anything comes to fruition, but stranger things have happened. Looking forward to your disappointment, and complete failure of the Eyedak company. lol Thank you @Eyedak, that is grate news. I'm looking forward to receiving the headset. Thank you for working hard all these years(!!) many would just quit and move on but you stayed true to your backers and kept working. Even the groundless accusations from @Krzysztof did not stop you. My body and mate 9 pro is ready. @Creator Eyedak vrAse can you be really specific when saying a better product. On the updates you never showed what you have really done. No photo no video showing you ever work to fulfill our pledges. So stop pretending that you did. And we backers simply want our money back. It's simple just send us our money back. PLEASE REPLY @creator Looking forward to the day you admit you're disappointed. Thank you for answering my question. Looking forward to using your product. You are crazy, in a bad way. You are not working on anything, you have nothing to offer, and nothing is shipping. You continue to lie to everyone, cause you're too full of yourself to admit your failure. Same story goes for Cmoar. The cause of delay has never been a secret. They simply won't release anything, until it's perfect. And come on, I can call vArse team with leading Miguel anything but perfectionists. He was a scam artist from the very beginning. Look back at my post history telling from the very beginning that we are being lied to. People ignored me at the beginning, but nearly 4 years later it still seems I was right from the beginning. Nobody will get a refund from vArse. Nobody, ever. Just perform chargeback, but that should have been done 3 years ago. Eyedak, It's upsetting to see that you ignore ALL of the comments that don't sound supportive. Why don't you address all the questions your Backers are asking you? After all they made it possible for you! Don't forget that for a second! Whoever is behind those Eyedak comments, you are a very unprofessional business representative. After all these people made it possible for you yet you have nothing to show for their money after YEARS OF DELAYS! how do you explain that? Why don't you give answers on all of the questions raised by your backers? like refunds(which you promised in the past), like cause of the delays, and so on. Why am i even wasting my time. @Miguel - Pardon my question, but WHO THE F CARES? You're thief. Cheater. Liar. Scammer. Con artist. Why don't you shut the front door please? @Eyedak just give me my money back. You can keep your vrAse. Karmeck you're the only one on the hype train. vArse is not seeing the light of the day. You're naive to be even polite to them after all these years. Grate to hear, our vrase will soon be delivered. Since this campaign started I learned what is important with vr headsets. You seem to have the grate lenses covered. Now my question is, what kind of field of view (fov) can we expect from let's say using my 5,5" phone. And how to interact with the screen while the phone is inside the headset? Do we need a controller or is there a button on the headset for that? lol How can I request my refund? Thank It's not lol. When is vrase coming out? @karmec any update from vrase ? They r not even replying to the messages.. Getting myself a Huawei Mate 9 Pro. Would really love to use Vrase with my new phone. Today is #vrAse 4th birthday!!! ��� We celebrated by keeping working hard to finish all adjustments of the first & finest mobile #VR device 12:16 PM - 13 Dec 2016 That was over 2 weeks ago on Twitter. I truly hope 2016 was the last time we ever heard about vArse and that 2017 will bring us new Gear VR and only bad news from miguel. So far, everything he has posted has been more or less positive, but it was all empty promises. Happy 2017! Another Kickstarter Protected SCAM. Take our money yes take it Kickstarter and @waveCable damn hope you have fun with it. Scammer go to kickstarter because they know they'll be above the law :) approved by kickstarter :) They never contacted the project creator checking where they are now or how is the project going. Calm down Kevin, they are super busy working on our perfect fit shell! Karmeck has seen recent images, so it has to be the truth. Just be more patient, another 2 or 3 years and I'm sure we will get it! In miguel we trust! Looks like pebble had shut down and are refunding their backers that haven't receive the product yet. Will the same thing happen to vrAse? considering that vrAse had passed the deadline by 2 years, 10 months, and 8days (1042 days total). <url>"a bit" busy doing more (more!) [MORE!!] {MOAR!!!} adjustments, testing, office, packing "etc"? <url>"significant" update on this scam-from-the-beginning campaign. You still have blind followers such as Karmeck "believing" in virtual product. I got my money back via chargeback which I'm really proud of. Anything to damage your image even further makes me happy. I highly recommend everyone giving another try contacting your bank and issuing a refund. Miguel unfortunately is still alive and his activity online can be easily tracked. When are you going to fill for bankruptcy? You're more naive than we all thought I think. What do you have faith in? That they bring the product? That they will stir up the VR market with their very best product? Jebus. Wake. Up. I have seen recent photos of miguel with another man. Therefore i have faith he is too busy to give us all an update, as he is consuming his new relation. It was a fun ride here. Kickstarter community haven't changed a single bit and it's still dominated by premature teens with too deep pockets. I have been shown recent images of the headset therefor I have faith in vrase. Karmeck... I've sat quietly and only looked into these comments so often. But you are really either naive...or just stupid. VRASE is a waste of time. How many people/companies have hit the market since. As an owner of GearVR and Oculus, I don't care if they EVER put anything out. I just want my money back...like I'm sure most backers do. So do us all a favor and get off the soapbox. I have evidence that miguel is in Dubai penthouse, and a video file where he is making fun of all the naive backers from Kickstarter. Can't share it though. lol Who said I have no evidence? Can't share it though. On the no update part, here's a good example to why not to show it. <url>"we have tried, but we failed" and then laugh in his face. Some news: <url>“We wanted to show what we were working on but we couldn’t because a big company could just copy our design,” says Schiaffino Tienda, who was forced to compromise by operating an open-door policy, whereby any backer could visit the manufacturing hub in southern Spain to check out the technology, provided they take no pictures. Cmoar is also out of the loop which makes me pretty happy. Gear VR was the way to go from the very beginning. I hope people stop "saving" money on inferior products. If you can't afford Gear VR/Rift/Vive, Save up more. Don't go backwards. Hey miguel, how was your holiday? Had a great time? I'm having a blast with vArse after these 3 years. It was a scam from the very beginning. I hope you remain unemployed. I wouldn't trust you even as a store clerk. this is a really big scam.. SCAMM SCAMM SCAMM theses days in kickstarter is just SCAM. Again and again creator dont give a shit on their product never read comments or replying messages Damn kickstarter please update your policy protect us backers. and every project creator must listed their Whatsapp number and address. we demand REFUND NOW!! But don't we have the greatest time. April 7 on Vrase Facebook: A few more weeks of fine tuning and we should be ready to start preparing for launch. TEN WEEKS LATER in response to Karmeck on Twitter: We estimate for tentative eta in a few weeks. TWENTY WEEKS LATER...crickets. Three years of this. That would be against "delivering the best possible product" which they have stated is the ultimate goal several times. Bulk order a bunch of $10 headsets from Alibaba. Rebrand with a roll of vArse stickers. Better than another 3 years of absolute BS. Kickstarter's sucks each project more Ha ha! (distinctive laugh of Nelson) vrAse reply to my fb message here's what they said tell me what you think fellow angry backers vrAse: We don´t want to be bothering our backers so last update we stablished that next comm will be to ask for address to send backers units. We want to do less talking and more work and also make true our promises by delivering the best possible product. Timeline we depend on other companies, so it´ll be asap. Regards. REFUND. REFUND. REFUND. Kickstarter please do something about fraud like this. Protect us backers NOW!! Anyone want to buy my vrase prototype?! :) Local discount store is selling vr headsets now for £14.99... I can't wait for this dead tech to arrive. I'm sure that this time we are truly "few weeks" away from delivery. April 7 on Vrase Facebook: A few more weeks of fine tuning and we should be ready to start preparing for launch. TEN WEEKS LATER in response to Karmeck on Twitter: We estimate for tentative eta in a few weeks. Three years of this. Who cares about the virtual product, as you can see those who are vocal here are asking for refund and of course they are ignored by baby miguel. <url>’s denomination. As she is not working any longer on the company, since September 2014, it is time to pass on the Kickstarter project to the real Eyedak Team, who will keep you updated with the progress. We are working closely with Kickstarter to remove Louise’s name and rename the Created By as the Eyedak Team. There are some checks to do and soon you will notice the change. Best regards and take care! Laughing out loud! He probably had to take the severs down to delete Louise's name out of the system, now she isn't involved things might move on .... :p miguel seems not to give up yet... How many years it will take before we get our refund? TWITTER: 1:04 PM - 15 Jun 2016 Updating #vrAse servers and ssl. Expect some downtime. Beep beep :) Why do you bother updating servers and not us? I really hate you miguel :-) I cannot believe there is no backer engagement...most people are pretty reasonable when they are kept in the loop. "Because the updates provided by the project creators do not offer much insight as to where the true failure may have occurred, we as members of the crowd funding public are left to draw our own conclusions." FundedButFailed @Derrick - Why did you paste it here? There is nothing legitimate about vArse. @Karmeck - It appears that he is holding his old 3D Printed "prototype". Did it get your hopes up? Kickstarter is not a store. People aren't buying things that already exist — they're helping to create new things. Creating things isn't always easy. Some projects will go wonderfully, and others will run into obstacles. Be prepared for a little bit of each. Creators are responsible for their projects. When you back a project, you're trusting the creator to do a good job, so if you don't know them personally or by reputation, do a little research first. Kickstarter doesn't evaluate a project's claims, resolve disputes, or offer refunds — backers decide what's worth funding and what's not. Some projects won't go as planned. Even with a creator's best efforts, a project may not work out the way everyone hopes. Kickstarter creators have a remarkable track record, but nothing's guaranteed. Keep this in mind when you back a project. New tweet from vrase with image @augmentedorgs tweet: <url>"One Scottish company which understands the prevailing trend of VR is the Edinburgh-based Eyedak, responsible for a device called vrAse, which was released two years ago and turns your handset into a VR headset" <url>"usually projects like ours have delays due to many unexpected things". They never planned to work on our units. Instead, they wanted to be recognizable in the media, and they hoped they would grow big and someone would buy their shitty company. Never happened. Ha-ha! miguel even contact imgur administration to get my pictures removed, haha! You're ridiculous little boy. But you still have chance to beat others to the market with your crap! Apparently Oculus is having some issues with order processing, and HTC Vive supposedly already started shipping. Why don't you hurry the f up and refund everyone? I could understand that you might have wanted this case to settle down on it's own... but seeing your continuous efforts to make your virtual dream an actual reality is mind boggling for me. You will go down, and you won't sell a single unit. I can guarantee you that. Try to call miguel directly. <url>！！！！！！！REFUND !!!! just rename your account - REFUND - , that seems to work. nothing happens - how to get my moneyback??? Year #3 of amazing things to not happen. Why not just rebrand one of the dozens of products that beat you to market and mail it out instead. I would take that over nothing and finally put this bad experience to rest. "Last update" ... so is that it no more :-( It's been like a journey though hopes and dreams shattered and reborn , what will we the follow on be... Here's the entire email, the last guy cut out the parts at the bottom which are.... well, just read it and see for yourself: vrAse Kickstarter Update Dear Kickstarters, We want to wish you super great and happy start of 2016 and send you this last update of the project. This is really going to be an incredible year for VR&AR as all the major players introduce their devices to the market. Many of them will be out of the reach of most people ;), so we are proud of being the most affordable and high quality device there will be. Once we have finished adjusting and assembling all the parts and vrAse is ready to send, we´ll contact you again to ask for your desired shipping address. Our team feels really proud of; Being pioneers of using the smartphone for VR&AR, as our once-crazy idea now is being widely being copied all around the world. Working towards a really high quality device and not rushing the final design and industrialization. Being able to overcome many challenges, some of them being; working on a totally new design from scratch, suppliers that didn´t comply as agreed, having our bank account frozen because an unfair complaint, keeping our moral high all through the project even with the delays and unfair criticism, etc. Achieving a great product, while at the same time being a really small business and having very tight resources, that many people tried to compare with big multinationals. Release an unique and much better product for all of our backers that the device shown in the original campaign. All in all, we are a really grateful, and want to thank you again very much for all the support given through all the development of the project. Also for all that invested their time in continuously nagging us, because time is gold, we thank them for their indirect investment in the project. Criticize is really easy, but successfully conclude a revolutionary idea, with really tight resources is a totally different thing. Please, don´t forget that you can contact us at <email> for any additional question you may have. Best regards, vrAse 2 years ago I selected my phone model. I've changed it twice since then, what's the point? Will we get an opportunity to change this before shipping (if that ever happens)? For those who just delete VRase emails... We want to wish you super great and happy start of 2016 and send you this last update of the project. This is really going to be an incredible year for VR&AR as all the major players introduce their devices to the market. Many of them will be out of the reach of most people ;), so we are proud of being the most affordable and high quality device there will be. Once we have finished adjusting and assembling all the parts and vrAse is ready to send, we´ll contact you again to ask for your desired shipping address. Wow...another useless update sent directly to email. You do realize the as of August of this year, you will have successfully gone 3 years here on Kickstarter. And after all this time, we still haven't seen a complete and tangible device. Third party companies (who have gotten great reviews) have been selling devices on Amazon for $35.00. Where is VRase? Nowhere to be found. Yes, 2016 is supposed to be the year of VR. We'll see if you ever complete this product. (Mail) update will be nice... Wow "Estimated delivery: Feb 2014" 2 years later at year 2016 and almost 2016 comments but 0 product. Best Kickstarter ever. Happy new year. Let's see what 2016 will bring or not. How do you get a refund? HUGE NEWS!!! vrAse ‏@vrAse_live 3:17 AM - 20 Dec 2015 Mobile Virtual Reality Is The Ghost Of Christmas Past <url>ía @techcrunch @SunDhillon How dare they to still use their Twitter account for this nonsense? 2 comments away to make it 2000... Just for fun, and to see how far we have came so far I'm posting this update sent on Monday, December 1, 2014. Over one year ago miguel said: December 2014 Update Dear backers: We are contacting you though this mail instead of using Kickstarter as a transition to the final stage of the campaign. First things first, we want to thank you again all for your support to our project and for your patience over the last months. We also deeply apologize again for the delay in delivering vrAse to you. Although the vast majority of our backers have been understanding about this subject, some of them thought we run away with the money and that we were wasting it on holidays in Hawaii. They also went to the police to inform on our (alleged by them) fraudulent crowd-funding campaign. Both Police Scotland and Action Fraud (national fraud and internet crime reporting centre) investigated the claims and found nothing wrong about the campaign. They even carried out AML (Anti Money Laundering) checks on us. We provided all the documentation they required to proof that the money was being used correctly. Invoices regarding final lens design and manufacturing, product design and industrialization, CNC prototypes…etc. Unfortunately, while they were conducting their enquiries our bank account was blocked (that’s the normal procedure in this kind of investigations) so we couldn’t access to the funds thus increasing the delay in our work even more. As Kickstarter mentions in its basics, backing a project is not like going to an online store and purchasing a product that is already available. You are supporting the implementation of an idea and during that process many issues come up, sometimes increasing the time and the cost that developing the project takes on. The modifications in the original design of the product, always done with the aim of improving it and giving our customers a better device, wiped out the original timeline. We know there are similar products already selling out there, but honestly, vrAse will give you a much higher quality in all the features we are going to introduce. We didn’t want to go the easy way and give you a product we wouldn’t be completely happy with. We are not about getting to the market as soon as possible to start making money and maximize revenues. Our goal is to release the highest quality product that will be available for a long time, so that is valued by our customers. We appreciate the vision of our supporters putting their money into a device many laugh about at the beginning. <url>’d probably have enjoyed knowing all the process of making a product come true, from the initial design steps until the first units come out of the mold in the factory. Believe us; it takes a lot of work. Today we also want to share some additional info with all of you, as the final prototype is finished and ready to enter industrial production, we are ready to show you the first public images of vrAse…yes we are near the end! Of course we didn’t lie to you months ago when we said we were about enter in factory production in that time. We were right, but we found a bug in a mechanism of the product and that forced us to make more changes in the design, produce a new CNC prototype, make new tests and postpone the production a couple of months more, etc... Prototypes made using CNC give you the chance of spotting issues that can be only detected when you have the physical prototype in your hands, test real functionality and stress some parts all the ways you can think of. Unfortunately CAD simulation doesn’t catch bugs like that. Where are we now? We are waiting for final samples of packaging and some plastic parts, finalizing NDA of latest design for production, initiating all the certification stage to run in parallel and looking at the best way to deliver the final product to users. To build and adjust the molds will take at least two/three months, so don’t expect your vrAse to be shipped to you before that time. We’ll give you more information in the next message. Many thanks for your support and patience. Best regards, vrAse "Our biggest mistake until today: not keeping you regularly posted about all the issues of this adventure." One year later they still do not update us regularly. I tried to stay positive and give these guys the benefit of the doubt, but look...here in black and white they are lying. Still just lying. Last update word for word said: "So, in about two weeks we estimate to have final complete units and we will be until the end of this month doing adjustments." Now two months later: "Good news is all the little things that were found in the pre-production units are now being ironed-out. Once this last stage is done and we double check everything is alright, we´ll take the molds to texturing for a nice finish look before doing the plastic injection. " You CANNOT in any universe be waiting for the arrival of final units AND not have even begun plastic injection. It is not physically possible. Expecting final units would mean plastic injection is either complete or in process. Period. This is all more lies. You guys are right. I was wrong. This is not a mistake in communication, a language barrier or any of the other excuses that have been offered. They plainly stated in the last update that they were awaiting arrival of final units. Then in this update stated that they were hoping to begin plastic injection soon. I have no idea why they are continuing this scam of pretending. This product can not be allowed to succeed at market. I can't believe the level of open dishonesty has been perpetrated from day one. This should have never of went to Kickstarter as early as it did. I just finished cleaning my laptop from choking on my drink after laughing at: "We are going to try and have the “all covered” one ready in time for shipping, but if that´s not the possible (have to develop new tooling), we´ll ship the units with the one that you can see the layers." Really? After &lt;I've lost count&gt; years of delays, vrAse is worried about missing the shipping "deadline"? After all this time the headset better be f$#%ing perfect when it ships! Cutting corners at the last minute would turn out very very badly. Don't worry, the final units will be in the production soon! Or maybe not. They have posted another tweet, super important for all of us here! vrAse @vrAse_live - 11:06 AM - 4 December 2015 Gartner sees smartphone market grow <url>ía @FudzillaNews Another BS update folks, nothing to see here! And for a final kick in the teeth: "Please, don´t hesitate to ask us anything at <email>" Cheeky bastards! <url>"November" update posted in December. vrAse Kickstarter November 2015 Update Hello dear Kickstarters, here comes another update from vrAse team. Let´s go with the progress currently being made: - Mold works; We are entering (finally) the last stage of development; It has been (as you most probably aware) a lot of work, and we underestimated how much of a chore this will be. Good news is all the little things that were found in the pre-production units are now being ironed-out. Once this last stage is done and we double check everything is alright, we´ll take the molds to texturing for a nice finish look before doing the plastic injection. Some vrAse plastic parts are really small! - Face contact: We currently have two solutions worked out for the face contact with vrAse. Both of them are multi-layered with very soft and high quality textile. We are going to try and have the “all covered” one ready in time for shipping, but if that´s not the possible (have to develop new tooling), we´ll ship the units with the one that you can see the layers. Our two current solutions for face contact - Branding: We are also putting small but nice touches to some places of vrAse. Small and nice :) - vrAse transport bag; Every unit of vrAse will come with a really nice and high quality transporting bag. This will allow you to have your vrAse unit protected at all times and carry it with ease. vrAse transport bag - Other chores: Meanwhile we make sure molds are being finished as we like, we are putting the finishing touches to the manual, new website, and other important things. As we keep getting closer and closer we´ll send you additional news and the most awaited release date. Now we are closer than ever to finalize all the necessary things, but still some work to do, so we keep our heads down and hands busy! Until next update, thanks a lot for your continued patience and support. Please, don´t hesitate to ask us anything at <email> Best regards, vrAse Still no news, BUT... vrAse @vrAse_live 2:15 PM - 2 DECEMBER 2015 Making 3-D imaging 1,000 times better | MIT News <url>‏@vrAse_live 2:17AM 30 NOVEMBER 2015 Look forward this week for a new update to our #Kickstarter backers! So we wait until end of the year then? They never delivered anything on time, not even update. Instead of waiting for the obvious news I think its time we all got in touch with trading standards so they can at least be investigated like the zano mini drone project. Looks like Samsung beat you to the punch guys... Jesus. I predict that early December update will be bad news and not delivery. Sad trombone. Estimated delivery: Dec 2013 Well I guess 2 years late I dont want your product anymore! Refund my money thank you! I wish they were sharing stuff with me. I've had to work very hard 007 style to get the information I get. Luckily there are some within the organization that are just as dissatisfied as the backers in the way communication has been handled. If I could tell you how I get my information without compromising it I would. Just assume I'm using an insect sized government drone to mic the office. Anyway, I assure you Miguel isn't telling me any more than he's telling you. In fact I stopped even trying to get information from official sources more than a year ago. First week of December... 2017? Team, show us some respect! Respect our wish - TO GET OUR MONEY BACK! It's so embarrassing that you can't come here and post your own update... instead you are sharing whatever you have with Brian? Drcember, 2018: Dear backers, we have begun final testing of the headstrap elastic. First week of December. i don't want or need this obsolete product any more, refund now ! I guess pretty much everyone moved on. Nobody is waiting for this product. Only the people who don't mind waiting another year or two, if that means they will get higher quality product. They won't! My consumer Gear VR arrives tomorrow. Since I backed this crap campaign, I had so many head mounted display/holders in my hands. vArse is not one of them and apparently it's never coming out. I really hope that, because they have nothing to offer to anybody. I recommend everyone checking latest updates at Cmoar - these guys seem to make great progress! PROGRESS - do you know that word miguel? The Zano mini autonomous kickstarter project has gone belly up and is being investigated by trading standards. <url>"bad news". Come on people, wake up!! How difficult is it to log in to kickstarter and give us even a small update! No ones that busy! Their total silence should tell you everything you need to know about where this project is going! There's almost 800 backers for this project and I'm surprised there's not more people on here voicing there opinions. Hello? How about another update? How about telling us, after two years, how close you are? Dear lord, this is the worst KS I've backed and the last one on my list to not deliver. Hello, anybody home? What's going on? Why you keep so quiet? What have you achieved the past 2 years? Did you finally refund anyone? You are hyper active spamming your own Twitter account. <url>"Last login Nov 10 2014". Today we have Nov 11 2015. Well done! Last update has been posted on October 6, 2015, over a month ago. Link - <url>�� "Is it any closer to being complete? I don't think so." You know, what you "think" about where this company is in production is not a piece of information anyone cares about (or believes) at this point. You have been a troll and a nightmare for this product launch. I've known about and posted this delivery timeframe for quite some time. You've continued to spam this group with false information even after you knew. Even your rants admit you have no interest this project getting completed. In one breath you're upset because they aren't finished yet, but every third post you stomp your feet and cry "I don't want it anyway." All you want is your precious $75 back. I hope they give you nothing. You've lied here. Youve instructed others to lie here. You've gotten your $75 worth in having your voice heard here in satisfying either some personal or financial stake in forcing this company into failure or in feeding whatever weird obsessive mental illness that leads you to continue to represent over half of the total comments in this thread. Whoever you are and whatever motive you had, it should be criminal. October 15, 2013 Successfully raised £66,556 with 782 backers It's been 731 days since they collected our money. That gives a little bit more than £91 per every single day, including the weekends. Is it any closer to being complete? I don't think so. Fun thing to have? vArse is disgusting. Last update told us literally nothing and we still have no idea about final features/specs. Now take a look at Cmoar headset with built in electronics - THIS is how you stay in touch with the backers. You update them, you provide pictures and videos, you answer their questions. I really recommend going over to their campaign and see the update. Every single update they posted contained more information than ALL vArse updates combined together. Miguel, if your vArse is truly coming to the market, it will be my job to advertise it properly, revealing the whole story of this revolutionary device. Good luck and have a nice debt. now it will be a fun thing to have, i cant use it but it will be nice to have something to remeber this long wait. getting a mediapad x2 so it is to big. No idea why. Maybe they are choosing the people they want to send it to? Some months ago it happened again and more people did not receive it... Either way, what do you think of vArse now? 2 years after Kickstarter it's not any closer than before, and in this update they released two new pictures - molds and lens picture. The "teaser" image shows nothing, and it was already posted here before. There is nothing new. i got the update by mail. Did anyone receive the newsletter? It seems it did not reach my mailbox, however they did posted a link on Facebook. <url>´s progress went? Really good, we advanced in many important tasks, and if everything goes as now, we estimate a launch before this year comes to a close. There are still many little things that are being ironed out, and have to be iterated before we can start to mass produce vrAse, but so far, we made really good progress towards the finishing date. Some vrAse molding works So, let´s go with some interesting points; - How about starting with one teaser image of how vrAse will be like? ;) vrAse teaser image - We have achieved a great lens for vrAse; measurements came from the laboratory and they confirmed that distortion is 12%. That is very good. Better that other solutions achieve with dual lenses. Image sharpen is incredible and artifacts present in Fresnel derivative lenses are non-existent. So we are happy…very happy to bring you the best. Only available with vrAse. An image of final vrAse lens - vrAse joined OSVR, the best platform for VR; now you´ll have great support from a much bigger community and if you are a developer you´ll have great tools to develop your apps for vrAse. - Each vrAse Kickstarter unit will have a special finish: We have received samples from laser graving and they look very good for us to include special markings. KS units will also have a unique color. - vrAse has been assigned international GS1 product codr: bar code ID is 84354553XXXXC - vrAse packaging is ecological so we have FSC company and we have registered for recyclable packaging selling in Europe: Our FSC supplier is C111405 and our business number registered in www.ecoembes.com is 93.599 So, in about two weeks we estimate to have final complete units and we will be until the end of this month doing adjustments. Once we are 100% sure that product is up to the quality we desire, we will ask you for shipping info and will announce the week we are sending your units. Things looking good for November launch, but as said before, we´ll make a formal announcement once we have the product in our hands, to make sure we don´t make the same mistakes as before. Until next update, thanks a lot for your continued patience and support. Please, don´t hesitate to ask us anything at <email> Best regards, vrAse ------------- Nothing revolutionary. Let's cMore what comes up soon. October 5, 2015 - Monday. A new week already begun, and the promise made on September 22, 2015 by Miguel Schiaffino Tienda ("mastermind" behind this "project", main representative, a man full of lies and no honor) / Louise Bankhead ("team" "leader") / Carl Bengston (vArse "designer") / Rafael Melian ("doctor") / Jose Palma ("brand" & "communication") / Luca Griffini (social media "manager") / Francisco Hernandez ("lawyer") / Patxi Perez ("system engineer") / Roberto Ojeda ("achiever") / Alberto Ojeda ("art director") & Victor Torres ("graphic designer") has not been fulfilled. I already lost count how many times they disappointed everyone. I never truly believed in this project. This should have never reach the final goal they were seeking. I'm so glad that they weren't able to achieve spread goals as that would be even bigger waste. Gear VR is coming to most developed countries before end of the year or shortly after if logistics issue come into play. Last year in December they posted their "newest prototype" on realovirtual - yes, this is where they posted it first. I spotted it and then posted to Kickstarter so others can follow, as Miguel does not bother to update anyone on anything. <url>® vrAse @vrAse_live - September 22, 2015 "Look forward next week for the next (and one of the latest) #Kickstarter updates! We reached a major milestone for VRAR." - Miguel Schiaffino Tienda _11 days ago_. Sunday, last day of the week and they still haven't posted. Louise Bankhead last login here was on November 10, 2014. That's how hard they work. "Major milestone" reached, but the true milestone is posting here under your own name "team" and giving everyone full refund and hand written apologies. You will never reach that milestone. Long live Gear VR! Miguel, is that it? No more news? When are you going to post update to Kickstarter? It's Friday already. You promised everyone update this week. Don't wait till the very last minute. Facebook @ vrAse Thursday, October 1, 2015 at 2:47 <url>#Major #VR #milestone. Measurements for vrAse final lens just came in. 12% distortion…less than others with 2 lenses. The best for VR. #vrAse A bit more than 3 hours until end of the month September 2015 - I think we can officially close this month already as the almighty team will not provide any update regarding the HMD cases we all paid for. @ @ @ R E F U N D @ @ @ Tomorrow is the last day of the month, and nearly middle of the week. Looks like they are waiting till the very last minute to post the update! Sounds like AGAIN there is nothing substantial. I bet they went into new issues and will send our units "as soon as possible". 5 days and 13 hours left until end of this week. We shall see if vArse will provide update that they promised on their Twitter. Either way, before you announce anything, I still want my refund. Thanks I am so excited :D I keep the standard variant ;) Welcome to the club Alex. Today I ordered S6 edge + and now I wait for the perfect mobile virtual reality gear vr :) Hot news! Saturday, September 26, 2015 at 12:52pm - vrAse - <url>´s of resources! <url>#vraseShowerThoughts This entire kickstarter has been virtual reality. Saw that tweet as well, VRAR make it seem like the uppdate will not be about vrase but instead some technical advancement. More promises! vrAse @ 12:04 PM - 22 September 2015 Look forward next week for the next (and one of the latest) #Kickstarter updates! We reached a major milestone for VRAR. Louise Bankhead: "Hello everybody, vrAse team is focusing now on closing a deal with a big manufacturer, we have been speaking with them for a long time and now it is the moment to make and sign a contract. That is the reason why we have not done the update yet, we would like to have something important and really great to tell you before making any update. As the conversations are lengthening in time, we are going to see what happens in the next few days and after that we will make the update anyway, to let you know what is going on. We know there are some unhappy backers of our project (they let us know everyday in the comment section). Even if they are a minority and we do not have the obligation, we are discussing to find a solution for them, because they deserve all of our attention too. As soon as we have decided which one we think is the best solution, we will let you know. So please be patient, because soon we will have all your answers. vrAse team" Deja vu? Yes, this has been posted over a year ago, on July 16 2014. It's the last comment posted to this campaign. Maldita rata 57 days since last newsletter that contained no news at all !!! Miguel how can you ignore us for so long? Nothing significant happened during last 2 months? I want my money back. No fireworks, no cake, no pizza. No new pictures, no new story. Nothing. vrAse leaded by Miguel delivered nothing. It's been 365 days since last official update here, and the team remain quiet. Delivery date has been changed many times, final design has never been revealed to us, they never update us as first, sometimes we wait days or weeks for any info despite vrAse Miguel having contact to media and VR-related websites. They claim to be super busy with work, but they find just enough free time to post tweets not related to their project at all. A lot of disinformation, regret, dishonesty, dissatisfaction. There are many words that can describe this project that has been for such a long in the work. Tens of companies have beaten vrAse in every single way. I feel like the money has been put to waste. 1 day, 4 hours and 21 minutes left until their 1 year mark since last official update here. They must have something big. Question is, why keep us waiting? Team, you do not have to pay to post updates here, so pretty please, post now, and post again. You've let us down too many times. wow HUGE NEWS! I think vrAse is partnering with SpaceVR who also have Kickstarter. They are using render of the headset from vrase.com as their main campaign image. <url>"Soon, thanks to drexton, you can buy the best vrAse in technology distribution centers around the world." I don't know it that means anything as they posted a lot of vrAse Kickstarter material for over a year. <url>#VR Use Cases We Believe In - by @AnjneyMidha <url>"vrAse June 19, 2014 at 9:27 pm / Hello all! Thanks for contacting us! We are working hard to make vrAse a reality in the next few months. Subscribe to our newsletter and forums to know more about! Regards" Forums are empty, registration is locked after a year of abandonment. "vrAse June 20, 2014 at 12:06 pm / Hello! Sorry for the delay but it's for a good cause. We will report in the next update, we have scheduled soon! Stay tuned, Regards" I guess the dream about perfect phone case kickstarted by us stays virtual... KEEP PUSHING! That's the title of update #27 posted on Friday September 19 2014. We are 7 days away since last posting in the updates section. Let's do the final countdown... and keep pushing! 7 DAYS LEFT!!! <url>"action". <url>"unrealistic" optimism in VrAse. And Brian, by no mean do I intend that to be an insult in any way. Chris might be on a crazy rant and perhaps even provided a few false facts but he has a point. Most of us has already lost all faith in Vrase. We would have appreciated at least some tangible proof of progress or consistent communication. But neither is provided. Maybe it's just me and lacking patience and all. Correction. Sorry. I've been asked not to post personal identifying information about people trying to hide their identity. This guy keeps changing his name so it is hard to say. Neither Chris or REFUND is his real name so I'll just keep updating it with whatever he chooses to use to post more misleading information each day. You know...as a courtesy to those too afraid to stand behind the fake information they using this comment section to post. "- REFUND -" on May 10, 2014: "I backed several other projects under different account..." "- REFUND -" on June 14, 2015: " I do not have multiple accounts" Hey Chris, Krys, -Refund-, or whatever your name is today. Which account should your refund be credited to? It's so hard to keep track with all of these different accounts and names you are using to spread misinformation. "Chris" on May 10, 2014: "I backed several other projects under different account..." "Chris" on June 14, 2015: " I do not have multiple accounts" Seems to be real easy to change your username on this site. The last update posted here has been published at September 19 2014 - in 13 days you can say they will have their first anniversary since officially last posting here. Up until now - September 6 2015 - there hasn't been ANY significant material released to prove that they are working on the VR shells. We received few "newsletter" sent via Kickstarter mailing, but NONE of them contained ANY useful information. Of course you choose to see things differently and see how much they are progressing. It's ridiculous. Some time ago they posted that they understand it was a mistake to leave us in a dark... and few months later they do it again. Please Miguel, give me my money back. It's time to save money for upcoming Gear VR, Ricoh Theta S, HTC Vive, Oculus Rift CV1, Project Morpheus.. I already have plenty of plastic (and cardboard shells) - I do not need another one to pile up. Show us the good faith, refund. After all, you won't have problems selling my unit, will you? WORST. KICKSTARTER. EVER. Chris; Any progress on deciding whether you'll lie about having multiple accounts today? "Chris" on May 10, 2014: "I backed several other projects under different account..." "Chris" on June 14, 2015: " I do not have multiple accounts" See the problem here is Chris has to continue to lie and twist things to make it worse than they are to justify his continued childish ranting here. Of course Chris KNOWS it hasn't been a year since an update. So he twists the words by adding "on this site" to make it look like vrase has not updated backers. Whatever Chris' agenda here it is NOT the truth. It is a propaganda campaign of false information. Why folks here are swallowing it up I have no idea. But he has an agenda for sure. He comes back regularly so he can remain the tip post and posts misleading information so anyone stopping in will have that information instead of the truth. In ACTUAL vrase related news... <url>#tech? look soon in your pockets: @Sony spokesman says the Xperia Z5 'Premium' has a 4K screen <url>ía @engadget I wonder if there will be a perfect fit case for Sony Xperia Z5 Premium to use with our VR case. Do you remember Control VR? No? Well, you probably won't hear about it again. It's dead. Latest update says: "Dear Kickstarter Community, we are grateful for your trust and patience in our project. We understand that many, if not everyone, are frustrated at the pace of development and delivery schedule. Unfortunately, after many months of doing everything in our powers to develop, refine, and deliver on our Kickstarter promise - the project cannot be fulfilled without significant organizational restructure and additional financial investment. To ensure success, we are actively recruiting a new management team and are in ongoing talks with potential investors. We hope to put into place a new management team and raise the necessary capital in the coming months." I wonder if miguel will do the same, or he will try to endlessly finish this project with his state of the art optics and plastic shell. Today, saturday, sunday and then monday... Tuesday is already 1st of September. If you haven't posted an update since 25 July 2015 (the last currently available) then it can only mean one thing - you have done wrong again, you are expecting another delay, the plastic is bad quality and stuff.. What is it this time that stops you from shipping units to your backers or refunding them their money? I do want vArse to come out, only to see it fail miserably. Is it still 2015? <url>"best" words. Don't ask vArse to refund you because they will ignore you. Contact your bank and tell them about this scam project. Miguel promised a lot, but have done very little. He's a small man with big talk. In the meantime, vArse is spamming Twitter again while staying silent to the backers. 8:04 AM - 7 Aug 2015 The World's First 4K 734 PPI Display Panel Launched By EverDisplay <url>£53.00 please see below and please send it to my PayPal U.S.A My username for PayPal is : <email> Thank you Haitham AlBader <email> Pledge Summary AMOUNT PLEDGED £53.00 REWARD SUPER EARLY BIRD! Origin or Mist. First in line for main production delivery! Choose your smartphone model. (Add £5 for UK shipping, £15 for international shipping) ESTIMATED DELIVERY Feb 2014 thank you This was the last comment posted by miguel under the disguise of louise just a bit over a year ago: July 16 2014 Hello everybody, vrAse team is focusing now on closing a deal with a big manufacturer, we have been speaking with them for a long time and now it is the moment to make and sign a contract. That is the reason why we have not done the update yet, we would like to have something important and really great to tell you before making any update. As the conversations are lengthening in time, we are going to see what happens in the next few days and after that we will make the update anyway, to let you know what is going on. We know there are some unhappy backers of our project (they let us know everyday in the comment section). Even if they are a minority and we do not have the obligation, we are discussing to find a solution for them, because they deserve all of our attention too. As soon as we have decided which one we think is the best solution, we will let you know. So please be patient, because soon we will have all your answers. vrAse team July 16 2014: "soon we will have all your answers" July 25 2015: "we are very close so official date is: As Soon As Possible!" July 29 2016: almost there! Soon we will start shipping Could be! So after FTC claims we should tip Drug Enforcement Administration... Miguel is the new Lord. I think the blurred out images were of Walter White crystal meth 5908 users left on their forum. I really don't understand their decision to manually remove users - it takes so much time for them and forum is empty anyway with zero useful informations. Well one can hope that once they clean up the forum they will start refunding... October 25 2013: (...) We are working on our final design, and we are pretty happy with it to be honest. Soon you’ll be able to see some images. Once this is done, and the production is ready to start, we’ll come back to you, once more, to know your details and what smartphone is yours. We hope this is ok with you. November 19 2013 We have some news for you and they are all good! We are glad to tell you that since we received the funds from Kickstarter things are moving on and everyday more and more people get interested or involved in the vrAse project. And we have found a great professional company to work with us on the final design for vrAse. So guys, imagine how amazing it will be, even better than we initially thought… We also have advanced a lot in our meetings with manufacturers. We can’t give you dates for mass production yet, but so far, everything is going well and fast. We are on time regarding our schedule. Let’s keep on track and at the same pace! December 12 2013 We want to let you know all that has been accomplished since last time we talked. First, as you all imagine, we are superextramegaultra busy working on bringing to the market the best visualization device for your Smartphone. We are almost done with the industrial design stages, and hopefully we will have everything ready within the next month to start building the first molds. Just to tell you, yes…the final design will be awesome… way better than what we have shown you here on KS. We promised you, and it has always been our premium goal, try to do our very best, pushing ourselves beyond our limits, and instead of going in every direction, just offer a high quality product to blow you away. Also, lots and lots of other things (important, as well) have been going on; we have been preparing the online store, a new and redesigned website. We took contacts with developers, a new web forum, and we got everything we could ready for distribution, packaging, etc. All of these steps will be announced both here, or in the newsletter you can subscribe to, on www.vrase.com Same old stories in all updates... 21580 users left on the forum right now. Miguel is on spree! Does anyone remember Cmoar? While I have doubts about their vr vision, they constantly provide update to their Kickstarter page. Take a moment to note that after successful campaign they do provide substantial informations and are in touch with backers - unlike miguel who think it's okay to tell us lies all the time. Sixense faces similar fate to vArse. The public hate is what is going to kill the company. lol @ vArse twitter from 4 days ago: #vrAse forum maintanace works--- blip----blip---- back soon :) There is zero useful info on their forum. They should just install a new one. What they do instead with their precious time? They remove it one by one. A simple page refresh shows that the user count goes down one by one. And they have hell a lot of users to delete. Currently the counter is at 22936. <url>… now let´s have a look into our project; - Recently: these last weeks we have been finalizing the industrial design… oh boy it´s going to be awesome! Of course we would love to give you more details, but as all good things, the final design will be announced when it´s ready, of course. We expect to get this final design before the end of the month, just as programmed. But, as well, we are not omniscient and as any startup we experience unexpected delays which keep out of our control. This is why it is so important having an awesome team like we believe we have created. - About February: we plan to go forward into mold production and run an initial test. Estimated times are 3/4 weeks for mold works + 1 week for initial test to check if everything is ok. We have arranged production with very high quality and output industries, so we can produce up to 5k units a day! - End of February / start of March: we’ll send units to all our backers. So everything (at least until now) is going according to our schedule. (...) We have a limited amount of prototypes, about 20 units available. So for any anxious person who would like to hold one of them before the final launch, there is an eventual possibility… But of course, we can afford it only for developers! If you are one, please send us an email to <email> with your professional details. The cost of these prototypes is 100€ + shipping (we can’t do better as this as we actually lose money on these units. Their cost is just to cover the one by one handmade lenses). (...) All of this back in January 2014. 21 May 2015 "(...) when we start having first units, we´ll do all the necessary testing and homologation. If we see some of these latest steps are taking too long, we may send KS units as prototypes, for you to have it some weeks earlier as we understand we have been so late." "We may"... Just like when you tried to sell 3D printed prototypes for 200 euros just over a year ago? miguel... 07/25/2015 - vrAse Kickstarter July 15 Update 05/21/2015 - vrAse Kickstarter May 15 Update It's not the first time they put wrong date. That's the least of all issues anyway. Miguel why are you so stubborn? Refund the money to those you lied to. You clearly can't deliver the product. 3 years in the making and you can't figure how to work with plastic... I think the uppdate tells us other then what is written in it,is that there is poor management in thire office. Having an uppdate date that is so far off from then it was actually sent out. I agree with what is said below. It's insulting. There is no final design and it's not any closer. These pics could have been taken months ago, and they just feed us one by one. Miguel, please stop working hard. Use the money toward holidays - you deserve a long break. This last update is quite literally insulting! Yet again no evidence of a device but crappy pictures. How revolutionary are their lenses that they need to blur the pic? We get a picture of a piece of plastic with a squiggle on and to top it off, they show us a picture of some random box the wrong way round!! Surely if the box was legit they would have shown us the graphic side of it and blurred out the pic of the unit......... I think you all should have released this news back on April 1, as it would have been even more believable. Why do you think it is that every other product manufacturer in the world can make complex products out of plastic but for some reason you can't seem to figure it out? I laughed when Google Cardboard was announced am am laughing even harder now that you are copying them. I don't doubt it will work, and with the constant changes in phone sizes and dimensions, it almost makes sense - if they are like a few dollars per unit. I don't think people are going to pay you more then maybe $10 dollars for anything made out of cardboard. I can't believe I'm even discussing this - oh well, I've waited this long. Anyone who hasn't seen it yet: <url>"Kickstart" a new business. You may receive a "perk" when and if the company succeeds. But as long as the company spends the money in pursuit of the goal stated then they have done nothing wrong. Even if they never provide you with any finished product. You are encouraging people to lie to the FTC and say they ordered a product. If you just said "File a complaint with the FTC" that would be one thing. But giving detailed instructions on how to provide inaccurate information to a government agency because you have a personal vendetta against a company is in fact a crime. And also a complete waste of tax dollars and government resources following up on the false claims you are encouraging others to make. Asca journalist I am concerned primarily with justice and truth. That's why I did the work against vrase at first. Because I felt they were spending our money on trade shows and looking for more investors instead of building headsets. This gamble worked out apparently so I backed off. And after UK police froze their accounts and verified they were building headsets I have to stand up for them when people come here and make false claims saying they aren't. I get that it is taking far too long for most people. But I don't understand how people (you included) can say they aren't producing a headset when we know for a fact from a law enforcement investigation of their bank accounts that they are. And yes...I get very upset when people accuse me of taking money from the subjects of my stories. Any reputable person involved in journalism would. If you want the correct Matt, you'll have to have your lawyer contact kickstarter. Good luck, and have fun - I hope the money is well spent for you! :D Let's see if you calling out my family members names (even though you got them wrong, you tried) is legal, shall we? Oh, I see, you are suing me for claiming you work for VRAse. I already said my investigation showed you didn't. You're a journalist now? :D Brian, why are you suing me? For encouraging people to make an FTC complaint? Lol. Brian, what investigation proved they are using the money toward the production of a headset? I was not aware of this. It dopes not change the 1) lack of communication since last update and 2) lack of tangible product shipment or photos showing production and plan for shipment eventually. It does not make the complaints invalid. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. It's not a crime to complain to the FTC if you think you have a valid complaint. If the FTC thinks the complaint is without merit, they will dismiss it. If you are not sure if you should complain to the FTC or any other organization, simply call them and ask. Brian, I want to re-iterate again. Stop telling people to not file complaints - you can say you dont think they should, or you think it is wrong or illegal, and why. But you cannot threaten people. Encouraging people to not make complaints through threat of legal action (whether justified or not) is not legal or moral. Also man, I just want to say Brian, you are an awfully hateful person. Go chill out. That's fair, and I don't claim you work for them any more. I don't understand why you are defending them so fiercely now, though. Care to explain clearly and calmly? Matt, I linked my Facebook profile long ago here and encouraged people to contact me. I have always used my full name. The only person who has claimed I worked for vrase here is you. I fought fiercly against vrase in fact until the investigation proved they were indeed using the money toward production of a headset. Anyway, it doesn't appear he works for VRAse, unless he's taking money from them to post here. He's just blindly defending them like he does other beliefs... This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Lol, Brian Overman sounds like angry typing man. Your comments are the childish, angry ones... Brian Overman is definitely working for VRAse; trying to scare people (through threats of legal action) to not file complaint with the FTC and BBB and state attorney generals IS a crime. Filing the complaints, or telling people how to file the complaints if they feel like they should, is not a crime. If you don't know if you shoudl file the claim or not, I'd imagine calling the FTC or appropriate agency and speaking with them, they could tell you if the claim should be filed. Let me repeat, Brian. Threatening people for filing a complaint of such a nature is most definitely not in your best interests. Unidentified troll... Brian Overman, who are you, and Chris, who are you? Do either of you work for or affiliate with the company? You both ramble here! I don't even know what you two are fighting about. Brian Overman appears to be someone trolling pretending to work for the company from what I can tell. <url>"Newsletter" is full of jokes every time I receive it. The units are in production soon, for the fifth or so time. Don't get scared by Brian posts. If you feel cheated just fill the complaint. FTC will have a last word in it, not Brian and his behind the scene info. Miguel not showing up here, Louise Bankhead that was used as person to collect funds.. THIS is suspicious. I hope you get gold coated unit for all your efforts here. I still choose refund just like many here. No contact. More lies from "Chris". He has had contact in the previous months via email update just like everyone else here. Your fundamental lack of understanding of what crowd funding is vs. Online ordering is no excuse. You know And agree to Kickstarters terms of service and exactly the risk you are taking when you sign up. Especially you since you have multiple accounts (or don't depending on which story you're telling which day). The information will be provided to the FTC, including the contact information for the agency you knew in advance had already conducted an investigation before you filed your fraudulant claims and enlisted others online with lies to join you. Your childish lies and footstomping have overstepped your bounds. You are wasting US government resources by making fraudulent claims and encouraging unwitting accomplices over the internet with misleading information in order to cause monetary damage to a company against which you have a personal vendetta. I hope vrAse sues you as well. What you are trying to do is disgraceful and most certainly in violation of civil and criminal statutes. I'll keep you updated. vrAse @ August 6, 2014 - nearly a year ago: (...) Finally, the team is studying the possibility of a refund for those who request it. We will soon have some news about that and on when precisely the process would start. However, of course, we would not encourage you to do so, as the project became much bigger than what we planned for vrAse, we are now talking of hundreds thousands of units to produce and many distributors stand in line to spread it on the market. We had an idea. A pretty good one even if it hasn’t been the fastest one. And it is working, amazingly. There is a serious reason why we do not want to put on the market a product that would denote a certain amateurism. (...) Hundreds thousands of units! That's a good joke. FTC will decide who is right and who is wrong. Have a safe trip Brian. Do as you please. You apparently have more info about what's going on there than any of us. None of the things vrAse published prove is wrong. In fact, they are not replying to emails. No contact, no product. I don't remember clicking "DONATE" button on this campaign. Refund! This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Anyone who thinks these guys will deliver are simply deluded. They haven't even shown a prototype of the final design and the reason for not doing so is a joke. I've filled out the FTC form below and I would encourage the rest of you haven't to do so too. Already filled it. I do hope they will take serious action against these joke folks. Brian can say whatever he wants - but it's the creator who should come here and explain things. Give me my money back miguel! Sorry, botched last post and can't edit or delete it, here it is again. The FTC just prosecuted its first Kickstarter scam campaign: <url>#crnt 2) Click "Internet services, online shopping" from menu on left 3) Click "Online shopping" from the sub menu 4) Click "I never received merchandise" and if you asked for a refund you could click "I did not receive a prompt refund" as well. 5) Fill out the rest of the details using this information and your purchase price and date from the kickstarter (48gbp = 75usd). For filing the complaint, use these details: EYEDAK is the company behind vrAse and it is based in UK and Spain. Legal addresses (listed at www.eyedak.com): EYEDAK LTD. - 133 Fountainbridge - Edinburgh Quay - Edinburgh - Scotland - EH39BA EYEDAK S.L. - Augusto Hidalgo Champsaur 20 - Las Palmas de Gran Canaria - Spain - 35017 Contacts: <email> ; Miguel Schiaffino (CEO), Isidro Fernandez (Production), Samuel Santana (External admin) Laureano de Armas (Internal Admin) and Yago Lorenzo (Marketing) FILE AN FTC COMPLAINT: Make sure to add both companies (UK and Spain) when filing the complaint, and the website is www.eyedak.com ; I used the CEO as the point of contact since Luis Bankhead doesn't appear to work there any more. Steps and info to use when filing complaint: 1) Go to <url>#crnt 2) Click "Internet services, online shopping" from menu on left 3) Click "Online shopping" from the sub menu 4) Click "I never received merchandise" and if you asked for a refund you could click "I did not receive a prompt refund" as well. 5) Fill out the rest of the details using this information and your purchase price and date from the kickstarter (48gbp = 75usd). For filing the complaint, use these details: EYEDAK is the company behind vrAse and it is based in UK and Spain. Legal address is listed at www.eyedak.com EYEDAK LTD. - 133 Fountainbridge - Edinburgh Quay - Edinburgh - Scotland - EH39BA EYEDAK S.L. - Augusto Hidalgo Champsaur 20 - Las Palmas de Gran Canaria - Spain - 35017 <email> ; Miguel Schiaffino (CEO), Isidro Fernandez (Production), Samuel Santana (External admin) Laureano de Armas (Internal Admin) and Yago Lorenzo (Marketing). EYEDAK LTD. - 133 Fountainbridge - Edinburgh Quay - Edinburgh - Scotland - EH39BA EYEDAK S.L. - Augusto Hidalgo Champsaur 20 - Las Palmas de Gran Canaria - Spain - 35017 <email> ; Miguel Schiaffino (CEO), Isidro Fernandez (Production), Samuel Santana (External admin) Laureano de Armas (Internal Admin) and Yago Lorenzo (Marketing). The FTC just prosecuted its first Kickstarter scam campaign: <url>#crnt <url>"(...) Our money (a relatively small amount) is being used to pay for travel and fees associated with travel and booth fees at these trade shows in hopes they will get a bulk order and our units will be delivered out of that order. They have a prototype. They have the optics. They are spending the money not on producing our units as promised but rather on promoting the product in hopes it will get picked up by a retailer or partnered with an industry group (i.e. Game company) and then they will produce our units with the income from that contract. I would suggest anyone reading this to request a refund and contact Kickstarter before it's too late. (...)" Brian Overman on Feb 12 2014 Let's see vArse twitter feed: vrAse @vrAse_live Jul 4 Check out this awesome @kickstarter project! #LonDIN Digital Inclusion 4 #youngpeople @JamesDellow <url>"Chris" on May 10, 2014: "I backed several other projects under different account..." "Chris" on June 14, 2015: " I do not have multiple accounts" This is the last official comment posted by vArse one year ago (without 10 days): Jul 16 2014 Hello everybody, vrAse team is focusing now on closing a deal with a big manufacturer, we have been speaking with them for a long time and now it is the moment to make and sign a contract. That is the reason why we have not done the update yet, we would like to have something important and really great to tell you before making any update. As the conversations are lengthening in time, we are going to see what happens in the next few days and after that we will make the update anyway, to let you know what is going on. We know there are some unhappy backers of our project (they let us know everyday in the comment section). Even if they are a minority and we do not have the obligation, we are discussing to find a solution for them, because they deserve all of our attention too. As soon as we have decided which one we think is the best solution, we will let you know. So please be patient, because soon we will have all your answers. vrAse team "vrAse team is focusing now on closing a deal" "we would like to have something important and really great to tell you before making any update" "I would like to be clear on the fact that, whatever people say, we are still here, working on the project everyday and every night" "We've never stopped working and we won't" "everyday new things are finished and we get closer to our goal" "stay positive as you have backed a really new product that has no market yet" If I get vrAse I'll put it on fire. I hope it will burn long and well, just as long as we are waiting. The campaign ended 628 days ago with not a single progress and many lies. When is the update coming? Don't bother to say that the month is not over yet. They promised updates in the past "at the end of the month" only to go in complete silence mode for upcoming months. Not a single company that makes VR headsets (and I'm talking about smaller players like IAmCardboard, Homido, ColorCross etc) is not as secretive as vrAse. Thing is, vrAse do not keep things in secret from us. They simply have nothing to share, nothing to show. I will buy the the note 5 and consumer gear vr first chance I get :D If I get vrase I will give it to my Brother :) I asked vrase for an update and that was the reply I got. I thought that it would be nice to share with you. You are welcome! They "expect" to do an update this month? They already skipped last one. Obviously there are no single good news to share - otherwise they would be eager to finally show SOMETHING to the people who made it all possible in the first place - the backers. Anyone who defend vrAse/Miguel or anyone in his team must be emotionally invested. This company failed. The headset is not coming out on the market. We won't get any Kickstarter units (and after so long time I made it clear that I do not want one anymore). vrAse was supposed to be best compatible with Note 3. Note 5 will be released in about 2 months. Hopefully together with consumer Gear VR - or in worst case few months later around the same time as HTC Vive. vrAse Twitter is again full of things not related to VR or their product. They have almost 48'000 users on forum (spam bots). The most popular VR pages such as Reddit, Road to VR, Oculus forums etc NOBODY talks about vArse. I can't understand how can you stand on their side Brian, while they can't even clean up their own website that they were so eager to keep 24/7 online (remember the time when we got an update about website that was down for few hours only?) Now we can't get update on anything. Some time ago we even had here someone who claimed to be closely related to Miguel, and he was saying something like that he knows him personally and that he is working very hard on this project... That was about a year ago. Today we still have nothing. I lost count how many times I heard the units are in production. I do not believe, I do not trust, I do not support vrAse. @@@ REFUND EVERYONE WHO ASK FOR IT @@@ Internet will never forget. Your reputation is already so low that no matter what you do, it can't get any worse. Sorry @Alex i misunderstood you got a reply from VrAse ? Thats rare please tell them to read the comment section. Thank you @creator theres no benefits In taking people's money. Just gives em back if you cant deliver. They wont benefit you, your family, your surroundings so just make it simple and be at peace with everyone here. @Alex Warto are you the true Vrase Representative here? Or are you just another "Brian Overman" ? We demand answer not just giving fase hope. Hello Alex, We expect to do an update this month, with additional photos and info of how things are going with production. We are injection molding parts of vrAse, so if no more hickups prevent our progress, we expect to have KS units ready in about two months (this is not an official date). vrAse Strangely, I received the Feb email update but not the May update. I hope they don't forget my pledge now that we are so close to a finished product.........again..apparently. And they have had contact since September of 2014...just not here. If you missed this email, here's the latest from this past May. <url>#crnt 2) Click "Internet services, online shopping" from menu on left 3) Click "Online shopping" from the sub menu 4) Click "I never received merchandise" and if you asked for a refund you could click "I did not receive a prompt refund" as well. 5) Fill out the rest of the details using this information and your purchase price and date from the kickstarter (48gbp = 75usd): EYEDAK LTD. - 133 Fountainbridge - Edinburgh Quay - Edinburgh - Scotland - EH39BA EYEDAK S.L. - Augusto Hidalgo Champsaur 20 - Las Palmas de Gran Canaria - Spain - 35017 <email> ; Miguel Schiaffino (CEO), Isidro Fernandez (Production), Samuel Santana (External admin) Laureano de Armas (Internal Admin) and Yago Lorenzo (Marketing). EYEDAK LTD. - 133 Fountainbridge - Edinburgh Quay - Edinburgh - Scotland - EH39BA EYEDAK S.L. - Augusto Hidalgo Champsaur 20 - Las Palmas de Gran Canaria - Spain - 35017 For filing the complaint, use these details: EYEDAK is the company behind vrAse and it is based in UK and Spain. Legal address is at www.eyedak.com Also, may ask to contact our guys at <email> ; Miguel Schiaffino (CEO), Isidro Fernandez (Production), Samuel Santana (External admin) Laureano de Armas (Internal Admin) and Yago Lorenzo (Marketing). Re-posting this for exposure, let's do it because they won't talk to us again since September: The FTC just prosecuted its first Kickstarter scam campaign: <url>#crnt Brian Overman is not the creator, just someone obsessed with (read: has some interest, monetary or otherwise, in the company) defending this nonexistent product from a company of people who have once again gone into seclusion to hide from their angry, abused and STARVED FOR INFORMATION customer base. Brain Overman is clearly being paid by the company to bash anyone on here posting anything negative about them. Look how angry he gets and how long his posts are about defending them. Chill out and go troll somewhere else man. Stop writing paragraphs in here defending vaporware. VRAse: Why no update since September? Out of money again? Make promises you couldn't keep again? Or is it still in progress and going well? Then please post an official update so backers will get an email about it. Thanks. @Brian good to hear some comment now from the creator. I presume you are the creator right? The last updates was on last September 2014. How could you not give us any info about the product development. Off course there will be miss understanding that's why communicate properly and show your good will. Is that too hard to ask for? And for your info I haven't file anything, my comment was just to provoke communication and response. That's why please provide us backer with proper updates from now on. You should be thankful for backer like us who actually give damn with what you are doing. They cooperated wit authorities and it has been proven that they are spending the money on the headsets. Stop acting like children and let these people finish the project. STOP ASKING PEOPLE TO LIE TO FEDERAL AUTHORITIES. <url>"Chris" don't see anything from this. ANYONE who clicks the link and files a report via the FTC complaint link provided by Djayawarman Alamprabu will be KNOWINGLY making a false report to the federal government. Good luck with that. You DIDN'T ORDER anything. You invested money in a crowd funded company. We have physical proof from international authorities that they are using the money invested to build VR helmets. But this Djayawarman Alamprabu wants you to lie to federal authorities and make a complaint complaining they aren't. Even though international police froze their accounts and verified where the money was being spent. Let's do this. The FTC just prosecuted its first Kickstarter scam campaign <url>#crnt This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. "Chris" on May 10, 2014: "I backed several other projects under different account..." "Chris" on June 14, 2015: " I do not have multiple accounts" Ask yourself why of the 1838 comments on this site a FULL 539 (around 30%) of them are from this one anonymous guy who is obviously telling lies. Who are you "Chris"? REVEAL YOURSELF. Thanks "Chris" So your last message made fun of me saying "Can't believe what I'm reading. I think it's highly irresponsible to judge the lenses just from one small picture" which you immediatly followed by "Wrong distortion. Apps were compiled with certain distortion parameter that is 99% sure different than what vArse will provide." Truly amazing "Chris" how you are able to determine the lens distortion from the photo but I am ignorant for being able to determine something as simple as "craftsmanship" from lens certification documents and photos that have been provided by vrAse. It reallyis a shame that it is vrAse's fault that you haven't been able to develop anything for 3D stereoscopic SBS content. Or would you care to show us how much better you've done that vrAse by producing exactly NOTHING in your development in the years since you donated money to vrAse to spite having access to dozens of other headsets. But somehoe your laziness and inability to develop any content is on Miguel's shoulders. Or have you developed something but you are just afraid to share it with us because it might reveal the identity of who "Chris" really is. And what his real motive is. "Chris" I sincerely hope you get your refund. I am a bit confised how you were able to pre-order a headset you haven't received though since vrAse has not offered any pre-orders on the device that might qualify you for a refund. I'm confused. I thought you donated money to vrAse to Kickstarter like the rest of us and were waiting on a reward if they ever get to production stage. As I'm sure you understand since you have multiple Kickstarter accounts that crowd funding is not a pre-order system. You are guaranteed exactly NOTHING in return for your donation if the company is unable to fulfill it's stated goal of producing the vrAse headsets. It appears you have worked very hard from day one to discourage them producing a headset and thereby earning your perk for DONATING money through crowd funding. But since you are obviously not stupid I am assuming that since you believe you are entitled to a refund you must have placed an actual order for the product unlike the rest of us. Anyway, thanks "Chris" for your continued ranting and stomping like a toddler. We look forward to more anonymous trolling, whining and complaining from you in the future. Please tell us more about your amazing "developing" that vrAse got in the way of somehow by not working fast enougb for you. You can also dazzle us with some more amateur market analysis about the VR space. It is also cute how you think swipe gestures are somehow different than touching. As for me I was never promised a refund. I have been VERY clear I do not want a refund. I want a device from them. Even if it is a 3D printed sweaty headband prototype from the original design. I am NOT entitled to a refund because unlike you I didn't order anything, I just dopntaed money through Kickstarter to crowd fund a company. I did complain when they seemed to be spending money on things that were not designing and producing a headset because I funded the asserted goal of developing and producing the device not paying for a cross country tour marketing the device and seeking additional financing. That part did make me upset and caused me to make a police report. It did result in a delay and I still don;t think it was the right thing to do, but they have since remedied that error and are producing the devices as promised. If you don't want one that is great. But if you "ordered" trough Kickstarter like th erest of us I hopoe they never send you a refund. You don;t deserve one. You have been nothing but a hindrance in getting this headset produced from day one. You have acted with ill will toward the company form the very beginning. You feel like since you paid $75 you are somehow entitled to try and stir up crap with your trolling, you are obviously a competitor or have some other motive. You are anonymous for a reason. You aren't developing anything and if you were you would be promoting your app here instead of hiding behind being "Chris." "Chris" isn't real folks. "Chris" has never wanted a vrAse headset, "Chris" has been here to troll from day one. To rile up people here to generate negative publicity and attempt to stop vrAse from ever coming to market. "Chris" is using all of your disappointment in the late arrival of this device and manipulating you into playing along into his little game against Miguel for some reason. And now that they are coming to market he is trying harder and harder by making up things he has no knowledge of whatsoever (like the distortion of the lenses pictured in the latest update) to keep the negativity flowing. Don't let an anonymous troll lead you around to do their bidding and make it even LONGER before you receive your device or worse yet let his campaign of negativity encourage vrAse to stop production altogether just so he can compete or whatever his motive is to remain in hiding and troll this company. I'm not hiding. I'm a real person. I have always used my real name here. I have stood beside what I have said by filing police reports, contacting media and giving real interviews to real reporters in my own name. I have taken the time to develop real relationships within the company instead of just posting cell phone numbers of the CEO to encourage harassment and trolling to slow down the progress of this company. Think about your source. A troll who tries to get you to troll with him? It's OK to be angry about how long it has taken. I was as well. But if you continue to try and shut down the country with "Chris" even knowing they are producing the units as we speak then you are only screwing yourself. And our anonymous friend "Chris" would like nothing more. "Chris" you are being called out. You are a troll. An anonymous troll that is lying about developing content for these devices as cover for a negative campaign against this company for some reason I have been unable to determine yet because you are hiding. Tell us who you are, show us the "content" you claim you've been working on for the last 2 years, or go away and shut up. Oh and something you probably did not even think of - nearly all cardboard-alike have same issue. Wrong distortion. Apps were compiled with certain distortion parameter that is 99% sure different than what vArse will provide. Newer SDK support different distortions by scanning a QR code, but there is zero chance vArse will even get approved by Google. So there you are, enjoying your over 1 year late VR case with no special features that does not even provide correct distortion. Have fun, and I hope you do not suffer from motion sickness. What's to contribute here? I backed vArse back at the time because I needed something to develop on, and Durovis Dive available back then did not satisfy me enough. I have worn both Gear VR for Note and S6/Edge. It's the best mobile headset currently available, both when it comes to ergonomics, optics AND total experience. VR is not just a hardware - it's a combination with software. Gear VR does not suck, but it's pointless to elaborate on that subject with you. I'm not a fanboy (I'm getting Vive and Morpheus) and I do not have multiple accounts. You were promised a refund - Miguel lied to you - and now, several months/a year later here you are defending them and telling us how great their lenses are. How many people actually still want the product? If you scroll down I can see several new faces that did not comment on here before demanding a refund. And so do I - I do not want vArse and I made it clear long time ago. They don't respect my request, the backers, why would I respect them, after everything they have done? Who cares if vArse will be compatible with any SBS? And how it is compatiblbe with cardboard when there is no input solution presented? That's a huge hurdle and connecting additional bluetooth controller/mouse is not the right option. Hence the touchpad which is not only for touching - it also accept gestures like swipe... but what do you know? It's overpriced, great quality plastic case with nice lenses providing decent field of view, shipping with external tracker that is as accurate as the one in DK1, with it's own timewarp implementation and low persistence to eliminate judder. But who cares about all of that, it's too expensive. Have fun with your plastic cardboards, while I'm going online to play VR Karts on my Gear VR with other enthusiasts online. Chris as no interest in con tributing anything valuable here. Does anybody else here give a crap what Chris thinks about vrAse's ability to compete in the market? Does anybody here purchase a device because of whether or not they think the device will the most popular version or are you concerned with functionality? For your information Chris I have worn a Gear VR for several hours. So my opinion is at least as valiud as your opinion on the quality of the vrase headset since I klnow for a FACT you haven't had one of those on your head but you can't seem to shut up about how horrible it is. So which one of us ignorant? The guy who guesses (incorrectly) about which devices I've tried and criticizes me for my review of the overpriced product? Or the guy who in the same paragraph reviews a product he hasn't even been in the same room with? There has been a lot of speculation about what your disruptive role was here from the beginning...whether you worked for a competing company or were just a fanboy for another product or just have nothing better to do with your life. Whatever it is, I don;t know. What I do know is that you have gone out of your way to obscure your identity to a single name so no one can find you, I think ats ome point you have admitted to having multiple Kickstarter accounts you post from, and your current criticism that this product can't compete has absolutely nothing to do with anything. We don;.t care if they compete. If they use our money to build all of us a headset that works, we aren't getting commissions here busy. If they close the minute after they ship my package it doesn't matter. None of the phone content is proprietary except some Samsung stuff (another reason Gear VR sucks no matter how much you want to feel good about wasting your money on one). vrAse will work with basically any cardboard type or SBS playable content. Get a grip on life man. Can't believe what I'm reading. I think it's highly irresponsible to judge the lenses just from one small picture, and you Brian seem to be completly amazed by it. How much inside access do you actually have? Have you tried prototype that none of us was able to? vArse is dead. It's too late for them to join now. Google Cardboard releasing it's second version with bigger lenses and support for more phones for dirt cheap, Gear VR going full consumer later this year... Where is the place to compete? With the opinion that they themselves have earned they won't progress at all. And it's extremaly unfair to say that Gear VR is just "ridiculously overpriced and not much better than any of the $30 versions on the market". Hell, it's clearly ignorant and probably you never even had on your had. Tracking with the sensor we have in our phones right now is really poor for VR. It's cool for watching photospheres, and just a few minutes experience. But anything else? This thing makes people sick. Look at Cmoar - they realise the importance of external tracker and they seem to do it better this time. But still - looking to your sides will give you a blurry vision due to lack of low persistence. Who am I kidding. I hope you will enjoy your vArse unit (if it ever arrives - I keep hearing promises only). Not a single clue about input makes me laugh. Miguel is doomed. Can't wait for Oculus Rift with rumoured Xbox One support, HTC Vive with room size tracking and it's controllers and of course the glorious 120hz Project Morpheus on PS4. Hey, I still want my refund. @Ian Great then you're already on the right track. For Android there is a very simple program called VR Player (byVimersiV) that is my favortie for what you are talking about. It cost a couple of dollars for the full version but it is the player I frequently use (except for with true 360 degree videos 3D videos). It is full screen and allows you to easily choose between 2d/3d as well as allowing you to choose Plane, Dome, Spere, Full Dome, Cylinder and Cube projection settings for the various types of videos it somes into contact with. You do have to choose which one though as it cannot detect. There is a PC version of this as well for Oculus so you may have seen it around. The only difference bewteen the PC and Android version is basically they Android version does not allow you to apply effects or lens distortion yet. I use other players for the devices that require that because of the warp in the lenses used to increase FOV. But really it was easiest for me just to settle on one of the devices I use that has a slightly smaller FOV but doesn't require me to calibrate. @Brian . I have experienced the different film formats you mention because I have the Oculus Rift DK2 and I bought the software MaxVR player which has the virtual theatre option but I prefer the screen to be floating in space, the software is flexible enough to cope with all the 3D films and formats and it allows the spherical dome types to see the 360 films on YouTube (I download them using some other software first) , I hope there is some similar quality apps which will work with vrAse Interesting Kevin. I get no screen door effect whatsoever with One Plus One. And I don't remember a noticeable one even on the lower resolution Nexus 5. The problem I have with watching movies with the headsets is usually comfort related rather than quality. Basically there are two types of viewing apps that I have experienced for traditional SBS encoded movies. I, of course, am not referring to regular films tat are being converted to SBS on the fly...those will always stink at these resolutions. What you want is a true 3D source video (one that if played in a regular player would show two images (either SBS- side by side or OU over under). The file sizes are huge because they are showing the two HD images in full resolution rather than splitting a regular HD signal into two. This makes a signifigant difference even if your screen is only able to show a standard HD or QHD resolution. So as with anything...starting with the correct source file makes all the difference. When finding 3D files you will want to look for HSBS (half resolution side by side) or better. As I mentioned there are two types of viewers...ones that simulate a #D theater you are sitting in and those that fi;ll the entire screen with the image. I prefer the ones that show the image full screen with certain headsets. It all depends on the lenses and the FOV of the device. If they are distorting the image for FOV increase via the lenses then these viewers will not look great unless they allow for calibration of th eimage (which the better viewers do). I don't enjoy the "virtual theater" versions very much at all under any circumstance. I will work up a listing of reviews and name viewers I suggest by name in a bit, but I don;t have access right now. Regarding movie playback in VR, I had tested with some other VR cases but the results were really terrible. With 1920 x 1080p screen split into 2 960 x 1080p screen at a distance of 3-5 cm from the eyes plus the lens effect resulting in terrible screen door effect. The screen door effect is so bad that I can count the pixels on the screen, totally not suitable for movie playback especially for people that are used to watching movies in Full HD monitor/TV. I think the only solution for this is to increase the pixel count of the screen, 4k (or maybe 8k?) screen will be ideal for movie playback with VR case. Any chance we can start listing apps that will work with this (assume split screen), if the team just provide the hardware and that game they mentioned, then we'll not have much use from it. If a few have other hardware what apps do they use and find work best, I'm more interested in movie playback. If they can honour our pledges and go on to make money then good on them. Refund your money? I can not believe the number of people who get involved in kickstarter without a fundamental undertanding of what it is. You invested in this company. You DI NOT place an order. You invested in the start up expenses of a project under the understanding that IF the company successfully produced what it came to produce that you would be provided a perk for DONATING your money to the project. If the project is unsuccessful you get nothing and are promised nothing. Including a product or a refund. That's what crowd funding is. That is the definition of funding. You financed a project. When a bank finances a project they have a complicated contract that involves the business repaying the principal, interest and providing collateral for the loan in case the business fails (as so many do). When an individual finances a project through crowd funding the onyl agreement you are amking is saying, "Keep the money. Don't pay me back anything. If you are successful in your business give me one of the doohickeys you are making (or a t-shirt or whatever your perk is)." That is all. It is all you are entitled to. VrAse has proven to us now (and even to law enforcement after our complaints) that they did use our money in the intended manner. They have done what the said they would do. They don;t owe you anything. Except a headset if they are able to complete the project which they are luckily able to do. It just took longer than you wanted. You don;t deserve a refund. You are not entitled to a refund. I hope they do not provide refunds to anyone at all unless it turns out they would be losing money by producing a unit for you and it i cheaper to buy you out. I have never requested a refund. I made a police report. I wrote several articles calling them out for providing inaccurate information. I stayed on their butts until they did what they said they would do. Which they are now doing. "Please refund my money"? Go order a headset on Amazon. This is not an order. This was never an order. This was an investment. You are not entitled to a refund. Enjoy your perk when it arrives or put it on craigslist. Please refund my money. I only hope that I can get the device within THIS year (close to impossible though). I sincerely hope you're right, Brian. As for better or worse than the competition...I own almost every headset of this type on the market (except for Gear VR which is ridiculously overpriced and not much better than any of the $30 versions on the market no matter what the fanboys here claim). I have also made 3 versions of VR/AR headset myself at his point. None of them, including Gear VR and the ones I manufactured with specialty lenses ordered for specific focal distances, appear to have the craftsmanship of the lenses show to already be manufactured and ready for insertion in the latest update. There is no doubt in my mind that optics are the number one consideration for a quality experience. Both vrAse and competitors (including Gear VR no matter what somebody tells you about extra sensors) are basically injected molded plastic versions of Google cardboard and what makes ANY device better than another is simply the optics. None are that heavy on the face as they are all made from similar light plastics. Some are uncomfortable on the bridge of the nose or side of the face because of cheap (or no) padding but this can be remedied by purchasing a few dollars worth of foam door trim from walmart even on the cheapest of devices. It is obvious they have put the time, effort and expense into the lenses shown and unless there is some very bad plastic used in the molding process of those lenses this device is going to be the best on the market. Unless of course you want to pay twice as much to have a trackpad strapped to the side of your face and then pay another $600 for a screen. In which case go with Gear VR. I think the trackpad is both ridiculous and useless. But you know...I'm just a guy who has a suitcase full of these devices from multiple manufacturers. Matt..all I can officially say is I know they are where they say they are for a fact. A product will be delivered to backers. The train has left the station. Nothing can stop that. As they said...even if there are problems they will ship prototypes to get us off of their back. It is happening. Ok, they are replying to emails fairly quickly, and they said that they will allow backers to pick the product or a partial refund soon. They said they can't process refunds right now because they need to see how much is left after they start production. I am allowing myself a small glimmer of excitement at this point, but even if it does ocme out, it might not be any better (or may be worse) than the numerous competition at this point. Let's wait and see. But their replying to emails for the first time in years is a good sign at the least. This update from a year ago looks AWFULLY similar to the recent one - same promises even, minus the injections molds of _something_ shown in the recent update: <url>"Mold creation, manufacturing of each piece, final assembly and, at last, the shipping of your units. " - May 2014, and also May 2015. Could it finally, really be happening? Can't help but feel a bit of excitement at today's email update. :-) Also glad to read that my iPhone 6 plus should fit the device. It will be interesting to see the final specifications, esp. regarding FoV, of the device. @Chris I hope your words this time is the truth. We backers are more than patient enough to wait. Dont let us down. Nearly one year ago, on May 15, 2014: Update #25 Production and design stage The reason why we are not showing the design is the fear that somebody copies all the innovation we are working on, even prior the product launch. A perfect example is <url>"VR pioneers". In the end, we have been scammed. Any chance of refund ? Hey you thieving ass-wipes! Give me back my money! ... or months. Or even years. I don't want vArse. According to thire twitter we are getting news in the coming weeks. Or is it a hopeless case? Hoping to get mine soon. Today, we’re incredibly excited to announce that the Oculus Rift will be shipping to consumers in Q1 2016, with pre-orders later this year. I recommend everyone to apply for refund once again and use the money for CV1. Didn't finish post: In any case, most of us have long since moved on from the phones that this sham was designed for, and many of us are actually using REAL headsets that take full advantage of our hardware, not just glorified phone cases. It would be a hunk of junk if I was to get it at this point, serving no purpose other than to show me how I wasted $100 in what was either a poorly run "company" or a downright scam. In delaying us these 2 years, they have stripped any possible worth that could have come from their product. At this point, even if they ship, I would consider the conditions of backing not adequately met. So anyone heard anything about a refund now, or anything about that lawsuit? We heard such empty words before. "now @ mold and pack works. Will update our backers once we have a nice pack of news. We are near the end!. Thanks!" Not a single update with pictures from production. miguel, you can make one varse less as I still want my refund. <url>—or will have already begun—to receive their tracking numbers. And depending on where you are, it will take between 7-14 days to get to your door. NOTE: All of you will get an email with your tracking number. That email will also include a link to a Welcome Page with downloads and lots of "Getting Started" stuff... We should have that up and running any day now. We will post the page and make that public at some point, but we do not want it to crash, so priority goes to the backers first... Before you get excited - that's a quote from Perception Neuron kickstarter page. Much more complicated project is done and is already shipping to backers. You should learn from them miguel. Nearly a year ago: "May 15 2014 on vrAse: The Smartphone Virtual Reality Case @Paul Kingsley-Smith Hi Paul, sorry for not taking the time to answer your questions. The product is already in production phase and have the online store as soon as possible for pre-orders. We will make a update soon. Thank you very much. Regards, vrAse" <url>#p134326 <url>"VRASE IS OFFICIALLY DEAD Post 20 Apr 2015, 12:47 yOU WILL NOT GET YOUR MONEY BACK. YOU WILL NEVER SEE A VRASE FOR SALE. THE COMPANY HAS USED ALL ITS BACKERS. THIS COMMENT WILL BE REMOVED BY ADMIN SHORTLY AS THEY DONT WANT YOU TO KNOW - BUT I HAVE RECIEVED CONFIRMATION THAT VRASE IS A DEAD PROJECT - AND WHATS MORE IT'S BEEN DEAD FOR WELL OVER A YEAR. I THINK IT IS DISGUSTING." ... which is embarrassing to say the least. They completely abandoned us, the backers, investors. miguel should rot for this con. Their tweets mostly have nothing to do with HMD/VR/the product itself. It's complete bs. 2:45 AM - 20 Apr 2015 vrAse ‏@vrAse_live UCLA scientists create quick-charging hybrid supercapacitors | @UCLAnewsroom <url>´ll be posting news and photos of the whole process in the coming updates. Thanks. What a bunch of lies. It's almost end of the month and still zero new informations. Why Brian have supposed access to inside info? We are all investors here. Miguel do not work on my unit, just refund my money that you stole from us immediately. But don't forget those lenses won't grind themselves , someone is hand grinding them to perfection to match the perfection of the design... Or maybe they've ground them to nothing like the project itself. 18 projects I've funded over the last 3 years, and I received 17 of them. Any guess which one I didn't? Vrase, you get the first guess. Gear VR overpriced? Maybe. Is vArse or any other non-cardboard cheap? Definitely no. 100 euros - the price they planned - is way too much for plastic with lenses. The power of Gear VR lies in extra sensors, built-in input (touchpad), low persistence and software optimization. Cardboard experiences are rather short, and there are very few that can achieve solid 60fps. Current Gear VR is still innovator edition, but Samsung plans to go full customer way with the launch of Gear VR with S6. This is just a beginning. There are many experiences in the works behind the scene. I use mine everyday not just for gaming. I'm working with few companies on mono 360 videos. There is little content because very few people have access to it. It hasn't officially launched in many countries. There is a reason why Samsung support only N4 and S6 only. Supporting as many phones as possible is not the way to go. Thank you Brian GearVR overpriced? Yes. Just a hunk of plastic or a plastic version of Cardboard? No. It has a lot of assistive sensors that it communicates with over that little MicroUSB connector. This is why the GearVR gets a lot better movement tracking. Also, having the software optimized for only a few phones (specifically a version of the Note4, and upcoming the Galaxy 6 and 6 Edge). For the extra electronics and a nice frame, is it worth its price? not really. However, it is still the best mobile VR experience there is, to date. It is arguably as good as the DK1 (with better resolution, but less compute/GPU power). Is it as good as something done DK2, Crystal Cove, HTC Vive, or even an OSVR headset attached to a high end computer? Of course not. The only "hate" I have for VRase is the fact they bilked us of investor funds, with no recourse, and even if they are supposedly still trying to woo investors and trying to up their game to make something better, they aren't communicating that at all. Not here on Kickstarter, not on Twitter, not even in their own forums. Not really anything. We all wanted something that we were originally excited for. If they had even just 3D Printed or set up injection molding of their original concept, and sent it all out to us, we likely would have been more than happy, and they probably could have rolled a profit. Instead they ran with it, didn't communicate, and are seeking more investors for something that is so vaporous that steam-baths are in envy. As far as the experiences, more and more come every day. I've found quite a few through forums, and even just browsing around Reddit or the Google Play store. There are more and more 180-3D videos and even a number of mono-360 experiences showing up. There is a cafe/bar/cabaret that does performances and live-streams it from a mono-360 camera set-up. It works just fine on a mobile phone in Cardboard. There are a few 360 concert demos up on Google Play. I've seen ton of dancing/singing Vocaloid performances, quite a few roller coasters. I've seen one or two flying demos. I love (and get very disoriented by) the "Caaaaaaaaaaaaaardboar!!!" game which is a mobile/Cardboard version of the game "AAaAaaaaaaaahh!!!! : A Reckless Disregard for Gravity" Which has you base jumping from platforms in a flying city, skirting building faces, twisting through skybridges and other potentially deadly-to-hit items in order to gain fans, win points, and be a general daredevil. There are certainly quite a few experiences coming to mobile, but the processing power and the popularity is still very limited. The amount of stuff coming out for even desktop-bound items is still pretty limited. However, the content is coming, and I'm still excited by it. Gear VR is an overpriced piece of plastic. I think it is much better than all of the other headsets...in one way only...at convincing you to pay so much for so little. Mobile headsets are nothing better than plastic versions of Cardboard. Including Gear VR. They have little to no fully developed content. They are going to be interesting just about as long as they are comfortable to wear (about 10 minutes) and then the only remaining fun is demonstrating them for others who have not tried it yet. Unless you are a content creator none of these are really very valuable. My vrase headset will be better than Gear VR for sure. It will be just as comfortable (the only advantage Gear VR currently sports) and cost less than half the price. And comfort, for now, is really not important since, as I mentioned, there is about 10 minutes worth of entertaining content in the real world. It's Ok to hate vrase. i get it. I don't think they did a very good job of communicating with the Kickstarter folks. I think they lied several times to keep our hopes up but never a single time actually informed us of what was going on behind the scenes. That is bad. For sure. It has certainly taken far too long to develop and produce this almost technology-free piece of plastic. In the time time they have taken to do this I have purchased a dozen headsets from other manufacturers, built three of my own, learned how to make Augmented Reality apps for Android and developed a theater show that will incorporate these headsets that will premiere next month.. And I'm just one guy with no investors and lots of other things to do. You'll never get a refund. They haven't even logged in here since November of 2014. We all know what happened. Maybe we could use this comments section in a useful way instead of just coming in here and shouting "I want a refund" and "Miguel sucks" or whatever. What we have here is a community of 700-some people who are serious about being on the cutting edge of a new technology that is likely to change the world. We will soon be able to share and revisit experiences. Imagine every concert you ever attended being able to have a bootleg of that experience from your POV that you can strap on and replay at any time. After the headsets are easy and cheap then the 360 degree cameras will start to drop as well. And then streaming and bandwidth will have picked up. And that's why Facebook got involved. People will be sharing that. Not pictures. Experiences. I'm here to help develop educational content and utilize the technology in conjunction with live events (concerts, etc.). Is anybody else working on anything interesting in the group or are we all just end users? Because if we are all just end users I think you shouldn't be so upset about waiting. Because there is NOTHING out there for this device yet. There are 3 or 4 games that are demos at best that are worth playing. You will open the box, put it on your head. Spend hours downloading stuff to your phone (most of which is GARBAGE) and finally find those 3 or 4 games and 2 or 3 movie experiences that are worth experiencing. You'll finish the games in minutes. None of the movies are more than 5 minutes long. Including the hour it took you downloading stuff you will be finished with the fun in an hour and a half. I can certainly say I spent more time ranting on here than I had fun just playing with the headsets I have. It is up to us to find ways to use this technology and build it. At least for right now. So if the vrase headset doesn't show up until October...you're not missing out on anything. We did what we could. They were investigated by the police for crying out loud. They made it through that and they are trying to put out a headset. Unless this big announcement is a bankruptcy or "we give up" notice, I think we should cut them some slack at this point and try to get at least something out of this experience even if it is just some friends. I'm on facebook. This is my real name. Message me "vrase" if you know me from here. Especially if you're working on something VR/AR related and want to talk about it. Wow, an announcement of announcement. Varse bought by Oculus? Miguel hired as a chief CEO of HTC Vive? This product is dead before arrival. I'm not looking forward to get mine. Gear VR is superior and will always be miles ahead of other headsets. Still waiting for my refund. Inside information says update with pretty big news coming very soon. Days or weeks not months. fu** kickstarter!!! don't help us, don't support us! we are the backers - without us there will not be an kickstarter! kickstarter has disappointed me Refund So now I lost my patients with Vrase. Refund please! Ship Date? So now what If we could travel back in time , surely we'd stop ourselves backing this. Congrats on keeping these comment going Chris , if you could really go back in time what would you say to Miguel Let's travel back in time! Miguel, disguised as Louise Bankhead posted this message almost a year ago, on April 1, 2014. How is this scam doing now? Louise Bankhead on April 1, 2014 Hi guys, Nice to come back to you again! Today, we would like to ask you to join us on the forum. From now, that will be much easier to communicate with you as you will have some members of our staff to discuss with you and answer your questions. So if you have any specific query, do not hesitate to contact us on the forum. Truth is, it is quite complicated for us to keep track of all your comments on Kickstarter, so the best way to be in touch regularly will definitely be through the forum. Here is the link to follow: <url>“top secret information” about the business. But the truth is that the project has been possible thanks to you guys, so you deserve to know what is going on. So keep an eye on your emails and join us for a chat on the forum. Thanks again to everyone of you. You are a great support! At the beginning of this campaign, I had felt very proud to support an Spanish project like vrAse... Months (and years) have passed, and now, I only can feel an outstanding shame, for being cheated by you, vrAse team, leaded by you, Miguel... You are not different to our shitty politicians... Simple charlatans that only think on money... Guys, It's better to assume that this project is a total failure... We have lost for sure our money... Guys, It's better to assume that this project is a total failure... We have lost our money for sure... REST IN PIECES VRASE - VARSE - MIGUEL 2013 [*] It's been a month (23rd of February 2015) since last spamletter. Where is the proper update? Where is my refund? Is miguel dead? "Perception Neuron" is getting delayed, but they are fully professional - they are offering refunds to those who want it. "This will of course push back all delivery dates by the same amount of time. Please do not ask for an exact ship date as we will not be able to provide that for you. We apologize for any delays or inconveniences this may cause any of you and as a sign of good faith we will offer refunds to anyone who wishes. Please note that all refunds are final (ie. you cannot change your mind later!). To get a refund you will need to contact us through the Kickstarter messaging system and note the pledge level you committed to. We will process the refunds as soon as we receive them." This is how you do business, miguel. Second half of March, still no update, no product. Their forums are exploding from the amount of users they have - 28790 - over 28 thousand! Wow. You created something big miguel. I haven't tried Vive. Thing is, vArse-like cases made sense a year ago, but not now. It's pointless to support old phones. Note 4 is bare minimum currently for a pleasant experience. It seems that pretty much everyone who owns Gear VR is happy with it. It's ridiculous to believe that miguel will deliver anything. So much time passed by and he still haven't updated us or gave us any dates. I just want my hard earned money back. 405 days passed sinced promised delivery and what do we have? Absolutely nothing. Someone lacks here a pair of balls to admit to failure. I'm looking at you, bald miguel. Try Vive and your comment would be: if you expect nice vr experience on smartphone, then you will be disappointed :) Nobody wrote something about Nexus5... But on Nexus 5 there are nice vr experience, of course its not the same as Vive from HTC but you can see how it works. Did You try the VR APP from Sundace Festival? The VR movie with the train? Unfortunatly there is only support for HD resolution and no 2.5k. If you expect a nice VR experience on Nexus 5 or any of the old generation phones, then you will be disappointed. Maybe there will be a GearVR consumer Version. A new Version was announced for the Galaxy S6, but its still a GearVR, only compatible with Galaxy S6 and Edge....and i don't buy a second smartphone only for GearVR. I got response from vrAse-team to my mail requests: vrAse will be compatible with all the smartphones up to 6", so there is no worry to be "out of date". Nexus 6 will be compatible. Cmoar Kickstarter has been successfully funded. They are supposed to ship within 4 months, which I find impossible. By the time this thing is released, there will be probably a consumer version of Gear VR available. Still, I think Cmoar team is far more advanced than miguel :) Miguel talk to us. Give us our money back. We do not need an update, nobody is waiting for your product. Your prime time is over. You're welcome. Let us know if you reach anyone. I tried calling this number several times, but it seems to be dead for few months now. Just like this project is dead since the beginning. I want my refund, and to see miguel behind thick bars. Thx @Chris. I just want to know, if there are some new compatible smartphones for vrAse. Because all smartphones they support are absoult out of date. Maybe somebody here who can help me? Will vrAse support new smartphone like NEXUS6? The best way to reach miguel is to call him. Do not send them emails as they never reply. <url>"So, let us share a bit more about your KS unit; every KS unit will have its lenses, individually made and verified by an optics specialist!!…it´s slow yes, it´s expensive yes… but we are basically having the same lens that you buy from a quality optic store and fit it individually for each vrAse. We end up losing A LOT of money on each unit you´ll have, but this way you´ll be totally satisfied to have a top notch quality product, and give you the quality you, and vrAse, deserves." Guess what, I do not want you to lose A LOT of money on my unit, therefore just GIVE ME MY REFUND. What a low attempt of grabbing attention this mail is. There is absolutely nothing new and STILL you are trying to pull this thing of. Not a single new design, no new shipping date, just we are "close" "months away". I don't care. I have my Gear VR and I do not want any gimmicks at this point. So give me my money back. Newest crap mail available here: <url>´t want to be giving additional dates until we have actual finished vrAse units in our hands… but rest assure that we are close, and once we have them, you´ll have news and be the first ones to know. Ok, now some great news for all of you, our dear, incredibly patient, suffering, lovely, and awesome KS backers; we have entered a supplying agreement with the highest (and biggest) quality manufacturer of optics in the world, so your units (and only them), will use some very special lenses. Since now the agreement for optics is only for supplying, but not yet marketing, we won´t be able to disclose its name (anyway, you can research who is the biggest in the net ;) ), but that will mean vrAse will have the best optics in the VR world…by far. You´ll simply be able to use vrAse for far longer time and take care of your eyes at the same time. Now let´s talk a bit about the importance of this, since our top priority has always been from day one image quality vs immersion, and many have asked us why is that?; immersion is really cool for the first 10/15 minutes, marketing stuff, trade shows and having your friends excited…but after that, the tradeoffs (image quality, distortion, eye strain, etc), far outweigh the initial effect. Smartphone technology is yet a few year away to be able to deliver real time shader correction and positioning in mobile, and the myriad of optics standards will make a nightmare for developers to choose between different standards. So yes, most people will choose vrAse, and in the first coming years, everyone will look at mobile to rather have 90% quality and 60% immersion, than 60% quality and 90% immersion. For us, most companies are going down a risky route for immersion; they think that all comes down to field of view, but that is simply not true. Most of immersion comes because of tricking your brain that you are in another place. What?? Blasphemy you say??. Yes… think when you are reading a good book, you fell there, but you are actually reading text!. With VR devices, most of immersion comes from 3D, outside light blocking and having a consistent, non-flickering, non-distorted view of the VR world. Other way to see Field of view, is like horsepower in a car, more is good and everyone loves going crazy with it, but beware!!, you have to have a whole equilibrium with other also important factors such as brakes, weight, sound insolation, cost, what roads are you going to use the car with, etc. The same is with vrAse; optics is balanced not only with the device itself, but also with what technology can do and people feel great experiencing in the next few years. We did (literally) hundreds of Immersion vs Quality test, and guess what? 80%+ of people choose Quality vs Immersion, because of less eye strain, more gaming hours, and a whole more enjoyable experience. OMG!!, so vrAse is going to have low immersion?, of course not (we disclosed about those specs long ago), you´ll also be blown away by the huge immersion with vrAse… but much more so with quality. We think you´ll be amazed once you have vrAse in your hands. So, let us share a bit more about your KS unit; every KS unit will have its lenses, individually made and verified by an optics specialist!!…it´s slow yes, it´s expensive yes… but we are basically having the same lens that you buy from a quality optic store and fit it individually for each vrAse. We end up losing A LOT of money on each unit you´ll have, but this way you´ll be totally satisfied to have a top notch quality product, and give you the quality you, and vrAse, deserves. Meanwhile the molding process is being done, we are using this time to close deals with injection professionals and formulate with them the best components for vrAse. Other stages of the process are being advanced in parallel also, as the assembly design, finishing touches, packaging and other things that will also have our trademark obsession to detail and quality. vrAse is shaping up to be not only what we firmly believe will be the correct interpretation for VR&AR, but also a benchmark for its quality, ergonomics, functionality and simplicity. Some people ask us if we don´t fell threaten by other vrAse wannabes, and we say no, that we really are proud that we were one of the pioneers in the concept, and that there is place for super high quality products like vrAse, and place for other, cheaper quality and more affordable devices. vrAse design has been the result of a passion for real quality, innovative design, a structured view of the market, its solutions (hard&soft) and total focus to the end goal, independently of all the challenges we had in our path in all this time. We are close, we still have a few months of hard work… but we are almost there!. So thanks again for everything, all your support is welcome and will be crucial in the coming months. Also please, don´t forget to contact us directly at <email> if you have some specific question, we´ll try our best to answer them, and apologies in advance for any delay in the answers, as we are very much small team. Best regards, vrAse EYEDAK Vrase, It's been 5 months since an update. I'm sure you have SOMETHING you can share with us backers....who gave you funding, aka MONEY to make this project. I get that projects like this take time, and have set backs, but as investors in your product, we deserve to hear something, anything about where we're at with this. You've been updating your Facebook profile with postings, but nothing to the people who have gotten you here...wherever "here" is. It's project developers like you that give crowdfunding a bad name. We deserve an answer on what's happening. Meanwhile, their forums is becoming even bigger. 24049 users so far, for a product that do not exist and did not get a single substantial update since campaign has ended in 2013. What a bummer Miguel. I wonder what will you do in the future. vArse still spamming online: 4:02 AM - 20 Feb 2015 vrAse ‏@vrAse_live 1.2b smartphones sold in 2014!! <url>� Andres they took our hard earned money to travel around world showing off their poorly made 3D printed prototype instead on working to improve them. 55k was not enough so they tried to gain more investors. Fortunately, they couldn't find anyone to fund their scam any further. We will never get our devices. Start saving for Gear VR instead. Miguel is miserable. hey VR pioneers. before you kill yourself please refund our money! Necesito saber que ha pasado con el proyecto..... 380 days and so counting of promised delivery. Please go to jail. Scammers. VR pioneers. Hahaha... We should comment here more often so that their name appear in top search results in Google. You forgot about us, but we won't forget about you. Watch out, people thought I was a troll for saying such things.. Miguel. We will find you. Thieves! Interesting approach this time, but it's not the solution we need. Lack of low persistence is a big deal. Mobile VR is not about supporting most mobile phones. It's about quality it can deliver. And nothing beats Gear VR. This is just a slightly better cardboard but then again it doesn't seem comfortable to use and is rather ugly. I'm not backing it. RIP vArse I dont care either way. check out <url>£63 please Well well, now I now i no longer have a note 3. Darn it. Will this fit a z3 compact? THIEVES! i am still waiting and hope i will get my vrase... They have already slipped away. There are no consequences. There are no refunds. There is no product. There is no jail time. They took the money and ran away. Even police stopped their investigation. I guess showing invoices for the exhibition space was enough to convey them that they 'tried' to make it work, but the only thing they achieved is link to this campaign if you type their names in Google. It's starting to get quite in here..... Just what they want for us to do so they can slip away Still waiting for my refund. I don't want vArse to see the light of the day, cause this is just poison to mobile VR. miguel ruined everything about this project. Fortunately, internet never forgets so good luck with your future life. Might need to get Shaun Smith, UK's Scariest Debt Collector, onto this criminal....... This guy is doomed and cursed to take all our hard-working money. I'm sure he will need to pay it back somewhere in his life. I don't think there is much to update us on guy . Basically we should have our devices in about 4 months. I suspect if we get any more updates other than that it will be bad news (I.e. project disbanded). Basically if anything else goes wrong they'll just dump the whole thing. So here's to hoping this design and the parts the are having fabbed work together in a product they can release or they'll just close up shop. It has been a disaster. That I agree. But at this point I've given up being upset about it and I hope they get it out. There will be no refund. There will be no lawsuit because of the small amounts and international nature of plaintiffs and defendant. There will be no jail time. They have plugged the leak of information I had and made it through the inquiry into their finances. Basically my best bet is to hope them the best because if this round of components doesn't work...then we will all end up with nothing. Miguel disagrees. He don't own anything to us. I think we deserve an update, guys. It's ridiculous. Officially worst Kickstarter ever funded. Sadly there are still people trying to cheer them up and "waiting" for the product. Man, last time they logged in was 10th November. What a joke. It's taking so long because miguel thought he can get away with his actions. He was looking for extra funds on various exhibits to get even more investors, but no-one is interested in the cheap they offer. Their time is over before it even began. What's going on with this? Don't know why it's taking so long, I've seen tons of similar items on eBay popping up. vArse just updated their cover on Facebook profile. Of course it's the same very old render. What's the point of that miguel? You showed us a "new" prototype which looks like nothing you promised us. You still haven't refunded me, or anyone else. I doubt vArse will ever see the light of a day, but if that day happens, rest assured that the whole back-story about your scam will be published in all major VR websites. You won't get much sales. I wish you to be left all alone, with all this plastic toy that nobody wants. Your time is over. New useless Tweet has been posted. Thanks for using vrAse image Fudzilla!! :)) 2015 is all about 4K and VR <url>ía @FudzillaNews 2015 is all about putting scammers back where they belong. And on 1st of January miguel became my hero. He wished us best of 3D! Hahaha miguel you're ridiculously ill. Twitter: Happy New Year 2015!! Best of 3D wishes for you all from @vrAse_live team! miguel is such a liar! on 1st of december 2014 miguel said: To build and adjust the molds will take at least two/three months, so don’t expect your vrAse to be shipped to you before that time. So worse case scenario is February right? BULLSHIET! They have updated their FAQ on the website and now it says: When I will be able to buy vrAse? Our latest estimation is around first half of 2015. Thank you so much for updating us miguel! Give me my money back!! Looks like vArse is continuing their international campaign about their product. Apparently they got so many people interested in vArse that they decided to keep making fake accounts on their forums... As of now STATISTICS Total posts 162 • Total topics 48 • Total members 11829 • Our newest member peqecdvw52 "Sorry for the big delay in the answer. We are concentrating all our efforts on having vrAse available, and we are a very small team. We now do updates via the final mailing list, and will try to do another update this month." I love how they will TRY to do ANOTHER UPDATE THIS MONTH. HA HA HA. miguel you're so funny and cute, you should become a stand up comedian in jail. <url>"Chris on January 4: I'll trade my refund to see Miguel Schiaffino Tienda in jail for the scam he performed here." Let's all work together to make this happen! I think it's the best outcome most of us could hope for. Does anybody know where to get started with a class action or something to put them in jail or hurt them financially? I posted the companies and investors info a while back here. @Derrick I know <url>"its the only one ive seen that is compatable with the nexus 6." Really? Go back and read the description for vrase. What do you guys think of this one <url>#t=403 I recently received a prototype that looks closely related to the current vrAse design and it looks and feels pretty good. But this Homido looks like a pretty good design except for maybe light bleed around that clip. I'll find out when it arrives. Yes please do not touch Gear VR as it's solely meant for developers. You are better off waiting couple of year before they solve all the issues currently existing. Do not spoil your experience by devices like Gear VR. Enjoy your dev kit, I'm waiting for my finished and polished product. I kept my fingers crossed to find vrAse under my tree... but all I got was just a Gear VR headset. Talk to you later guys, I'm going back to Virtual Reality. Do you reckon Father Christmas will be bringing Chris a vrAse this year?! Marry Christmas Louise is still listed as a member of the team in so many places. They have nothing to update us, and the product they are trying to offer to us is already outdated. Is there anyone who is not interested in getting your money back? I suspect Miguel may not have Louise's KickStarter login credentials, and that is why he contacted us outside of KS. @Chris careful there all those fake users might gang up on you. I still can't believe the audacity of sending us an update e-mail direct, circumventing Kickstarter and not posting an update, it's almost as if they don't want a record of what they said or promise .... tut tut .... When will this be over ? "Won't someone think of the children?" Maybe it will be our children who will get the first batch.... Attention please - vrAse forums seems to be flooded with fake users! Is miguel trying to gain fake fans in order to claim success in gaining interest about his product? Just look at the forums! <url>"Eyedak: Police Scotland taking no further action over reality device claims By Steven McKenzie BBC Scotland Highlands and Islands reporter vrAse headset A prototype version of the vrAse headset Police Scotland is to take no further action over allegations about a virtual reality device developer's crowd-funding campaign. Eyedak, which has operations in Edinburgh and Gran Canaria, is creating a headset called vrAse. It turns images on a smartphone screen into 3D visuals. Police were working with the firm after claims were made against it. A spokeswoman for Police Scotland said the force would be taking no further action after completing its inquiries. Eyedak said last month that a misunderstanding over a delay in delivering the device had led to the claims. It denied any wrongdoing and co-operated fully with the police. Action Fraud, the UK's national fraud and internet crime reporting centre, looked into the allegations before handing the matter over to police in Edinburgh. Almost three years in the making, vrAse turns images on a smartphone screen into 3D visuals. It could be worn to watch films, television and play games. Known as augmented reality, the new way of seeing images and gaming is reported to be attracting growing interest from businesses." If what they say above is truth then I'm really disappointed. I don't know what kind of evidence they provided - perhaps just plane tickets for various exhibits and orders for 3D printing materials but still, we are not any closer on getting "our" devices. I believe that it will never be released - the money was spent on trade shows, but they did not get an investor. Every claim miguel has made is a lie. I don't believe there is a single person in this world that would support them without checking at least Kickstarter section. Anyway, my Gear VR is on it's way, and I picked up Note 4 yesterday. @Chris: <url>"choose to believe" that is not a lie. Or how about...we have the final design and will provide you with photos within a week. Over 6 months ago they told me that. How is that not a lie? This is referring to the second design. As for what you'd like me to do....that is not exactly what I am doing. Writing an investigative article. Not a blog post or an opinion or a rant. It contains interviews with law enforcement, backers, manufacturers, partners who tried to work on compatible products and found vrAse to be dishonest in those negotiations as well and now finally an insider at the company who doesn't want to be part of the downfall when the extent of their actions are revealed and they face the consequences. I have taken my own time to track down these people and conduct this research. Not just for me, but everyone that was lied to here in the creation of this product. Including you even though you won't admit it. What you don't understand or seem to care about is that involving police is the ONLY reason you're getting a product now at all. Without some official party coming in and demanding a product be produced you wouldn't be receiving anything except a "Sorry it didn't work out" letter from vrAse. So while I was taking the time to do this you did nothing except read the updates, believe them even when they contained factual and logical errors and then come here and try and put me down for the hard work I have put in for all of us by just pulling out of your butt the claim that I have just been making things up out of some vendetta against this company. You have no proof and no reason to believe that whatsoever. So you can continue saying whatever you want about me here, but know that my attorney has already been asked to locate your mailing address in Jonkoping, Sweden so a Cease & Desist letter can be served at your home. Inside you will fund a Settlement Letter that you may sign and return agreeing to stop making the false statements about my work or face libel charges in Sweden. Even better because in the US it is a civil matter (I.e. sue for money). In Sweden it is a criminal offense and if I can prove that your statements are untrue, which again I have gone to great lengths with many witnesses to do, then you'll face criminal charges with upvto 2 years in jail. I suggest you sign it, return it and leave me out of your future childish uninformed rants. I think we can find you Brian in the gross defamation category for the damages you have caused vrase team the the production of thire product. And you have to excuse me Brian, I have a hard time taking someone that have to resort to calling me a "dyslexic troll" seriously. I chose to believe in vrase and by doing so I chose to belive that what you suggest are lies, the makes you a lier. Now to be honest I do not know if vrase is telling the truth so I would like you, as you do seem to like contacting legal teams, to contact those that vrase now say have cleared then of all allegations and ask them if what the team now says is true or if they do indeed lie about that. Johan Rhyden AKA Karmeck: In Sweden, the criminal offense of denigration (ärekränkning) is regulated in Chapter 5 of the Criminal Code. Article 1 regulates defamation (förtal) and consists of pointing out someone as a criminal or as "having a reprehensible way of living", or of providing information about him "intended to cause exposure to the disrespect of others". The penalty is a fine. It is generally not a requirement that the statements are untrue, it is enough if they statements are meant to be vilifying. Article 2 regulates gross defamation (grovt förtal) and has a penalty of up to 2 years in prison or a fine. In judging if the crime is gross, the court should consider whether the information, because of its content or the scope of its dissemination, is calculated to produce "serious damage". For example, if it can be established that the defendant knowingly conveyed untruths. Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act is the section that is perhaps most relevant to online defamation. It attempts to deal with the question of an ISP's liability to content that is stored on their servers. Although it does not specifically outline all instances, it does contend that an ISP is not responsible for the information published by their users unless and until they are informed of any infringement; at this point, the ISP should act to remove the content or face legal action themselves. The Communications Decency Act of 1996 can be viewed in full at the FCC website - <url>"update". People inside the team are unhappy about his this has been handled and are ready to talk/testify. How do you think I knew the "update" was coming? I risk saying this now because the information has already been supplied. Even if they find out who it is there is nothing they can do to stop the whistleblower's article from being released within days of the product launch. Gee I hope it doesn't tarnish their brand name or interfere with search results or marketing. Looks like Barnstorm Studios got the updated info outside of Kickstarter. I was under the impression Kickstarter updates would continue as well. I guess not. "I think I like vrase because I already paid for it." - Johan Rydén, December 2014 That's the perfect reason to like it. You are really losing it Chris. It is laughable watching you making a fool of yourself. I do appreciate the links to other vr headsets tho. But most of them are either not compatible with note 3 or cost to much with shipping. I think I like vrase because I already paid for it. <url>#19 - For backers only Dec 12 2013 Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life. -Confucius Dear Kickstarters, Let´s do a small update! We want to let you know all that has been accomplished since last time we talked. First, as you all imagine, we are superextramegaultra busy working on bringing to the market the best visualization device for your Smartphone. We are almost done with the industrial design stages, and hopefully we will have everything ready within the next month to start building the first molds. Just to tell you, yes…the final design will be awesome… way better than what we have shown you here on KS. We promised you, and it has always been our premium goal, try to do our very best, pushing ourselves beyond our limits, and instead of going in every direction, just offer a high quality product to blow you away. Also, lots and lots of other things (important, as well) have been going on; we have been preparing the online store, a new and redesigned website. We took contacts with developers, a new web forum, and we got everything we could ready for distribution, packaging, etc. All of these steps will be announced both here, or in the newsletter you can subscribe to, on www.vrase.com. Besides, not only the Project is going on well; the business too. After the funds raised on kickstarter, we got new people onboard, who not only have a great expertise in key fields, but they also brought additional funds. Everything is perfect so far, the deserved and required high quality standards will be observed AND fulfilled/executed on time. Thanks and take care until the next update. Such bullshit that you keep telling us for over a year already. Please stop and since you have your funds unfrozen, refund it immediately. Knock knock, where are the refunds? I do not want your product. I do not want your apologizes. All I want is my money back. It's not about who is first, it's about who will do it right. vArse for sure will not. <url>"To build and adjust the molds will take at least two/three months, so don’t expect your vrAse to be shipped to you before that time." We heard that before. You are still full of great words, with one difference - this time you finally posted new content, which is literally 2 renders, and one picture showing nothing, but a huge case with vrAse logo on it. It's even missing "EYEDAK" on the bottom like shown in the render. So what are the great features that you are talking about? For a year you were not able to tell us a single thing... and I don't see ANYTHING that could make this product better than already available solutions on the market. You will never beat Gear VR. This design does not look like Apple at all - it's direct ripoff of DK2. There is no touchpad, no magnet - nothing. There is no way to interact with the content. There is no update about HEXA - the game that us, Kickstarter backers were supposed to get first. In the "update" you say that you had your bank accounts frozen. Glad to hear that! I assume they are working now, yes? Therefore, REFUND MY MONEY IMMEDIATELY! Chris: your personal vendetta is getting boring. I'm sorry your life is so without meaning that you spend your time here in this way. Please try to find a hobby or do something actually useful. Your increasingly puerile and threatening comments (prison? grave?!) are doing nothing but making you appear to be a complete nut-job. I can't remember, it's been so long, have we already specified which cases we want? I think there should be a review, I'm about to get a new phone so have no need for an HTC case. Another month without any update. I hope to see you in jail before Christmas miguel. "We aim to update our site regularly, and may change the content at any time. If the need arises, we may suspend access to our site, or close it indefinitely. Any of the material on our site may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update such material." <url>| Team working | Professionalism | Improvement HAHAHA! Even blog posts are full of his "wonderful" updates that are literally about nothing. " At aikube we always ask ourselves questions of all kinds, many of which are related to fundamental design principles. An important issue that we have solved with our own systems, is how to design taking into account as many variables without those being unnecessary or redundant. This starting point is important, since degradation is usually present in nature symmetrically, while the information processing by humans it is not, being therefore important to establish design bridges to future functional needs and degradation of the designed structures, whether those are evolutionary or historical ones. Here is a schematic view of how is one of these proprietary systems; Normally we always have a limited space for the design, regardless of scale, will be the primary factor to consider when placing the initial design points (IDP). These IDP can play a data acquisition tasks and / or processing role, thereof being automata and / or humans operated elements. Having established the IDP´s we proceed to process the data, which can be done through real time or data mining. The resulting pieces are tendencies and surrounding natural habits (HNE), which are the possible future states of the parameters shown in the IDP. And together with other things … we put everything in our particular design furnace, situated at Pedro Heredia 8 (Madrid, 28028), and work until we get delicious results, prepared to cover all the functionality needs of our customers. Of course we would like to give more details, but you know how hard the ideas die with these copy & paste times… Happy and healthy holidays. aikube Team." There are more vrase member there - <url>"Hey there!, we are alive and kicking!, just so many incredible things are going on at the same time that we have you guys a bit alone J. What we have been up to lately?; - We have built a centralized computing system; ohh man, we are so proud of being able to assemble our own technology infrastructure!. - We are going deep down with the awesome BIM software. - We are working on a couple of new projects. Did we say we love our work?. Keep on coming from time to time, you´ll discover the most amazing design studio and its creations. As with all the good thing, we still have a lot to prove to ourselves and you also, so we´ll keep our heads down and our aims high. Thanks for coming by!." This has the very same vibe as kickstarter updates - which proves further that miguel is the 'mastermind' behind this scam, and louise is just a puppet (but that does not make her not guilty). Echo echo! miguel is dead, just like vrase. And you still believe in them? Echo! Echo! Here are the comments from Fernando: <url>£3,500 are, because if I'd pledged that sort of money I'd be seriously pissed off at receiving nothing at all. I suspect that the vrAse team put in a couple of bids from different accounts to bump up the total to make sure the project got funded! Dennis, I would appreciate any info on how to report this case to other institutions in Netherlands as well. I'll report it to the police anyway, I'm not giving the team any deadline because we mean nothing to them anyway. @Creator: Please offer refunds or i'll have to involve police in The Netherlands as well (just like Schotland). This project looks one big scam, no product delivery, no backer updates, misinformation and lying. What does for you mean commercial unit and dev kit? There is no VR market yet therefore there can't be official consumer product. Everything is about early adopting and setting up some standards. I'm starting to suspect there is something everyone is not telling us. Like all of them, Samsung, vrvana and vrase. Like there is some patent they are waiting for to run out. Like 3d printers once that ran out there were 3d printers everywhere on kickstarter and in stores. That's why I think the only thing we see for now is dev kits or ruff 3d prints. I think then vrase do come out it will be around the same time (with in a month) as every other headset gets out. Karmeck, in your opinion, do you think this awesome team will put this revolutionary product into hands of original backer before there is one year delay - February 2015? Source? There's an "update" coming. Gear VR "devkit" has support in all fields. There is yet to be announced even one thing made for vArse - HEXA does not count as the game exists on screenshots only. vArse is bankrupt - not because of me, not even because of you - but because they tried to get a bigger deal by seeking additional funds instead creating the units for us, and allowing us to spread a good word about them. This will never happen again. There is no place for homemade headmount cases anymore. 2013 is long gone. Wake up. Thanks for giving me a good laugh again, it's been too many days :) I'm glad you finally get it why we don't get updates. What is It with you and counting days since stuff happened? But I get why we don't get updates, as a majority of the comments here are negative and the same goes for comments on updates why tell us anything here. And once again the gear vr that will be released now is a dev kit, what vrase is promising Is a finished product. karmeck, you haven't posted any vrase propaganda within last 11 days. Are you okay or you gone missing together with almighty miguel? I don't have screenshot but he only advertised his own Kickstarter project here - a head mount for big iPhones and he was seeking 120k$ lol. John Benac tell me what was your comment ? - why is kickstarter not protecting us, the backers ??? why ?? i have lost trust in kickstarter! This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. miguel, can you hear us? <url>"But when we find users or projects that abuse the system, we don’t hesitate to suspend them." Yet as you can see the runners of vrAse and Eyedak have been allowed ot continue using this infastructure to continue to defraud the Kickstarter backers by providing outright lies and posting international bank account numbers asking backers to anonymously deposit additional funds. We have worked very hard to get the police to recognize this fraud and the BBC is now reporting on it. Kickstarter is my next target for knowingly allowing this company to willfully misuse the Kickstarter platform. Everyone please go to the bottom of the home page and report this to KS. miguel when are you going to open a web store so all my friends and family can place an order on this revolutionary device? several months ago you were 'almost finished' with it, we have middle of November 2014 and you are still hundred years away from reaching any of your goals. <url>"update" that did not update us on anything? miguel said that "the team is studying the possibility of a refund for those who request it. We will soon have some news about that and on when precisely the process would start." and I believe him. Oops no I don't believe you miguel, or any other team member. You have lost all sort of trust from all the users over here except for karmeck. You can have your sock muppet... but why would you? vArse will never see the light of a day. Glad to see police taking care of your "business". It's getting to be pointless asking for a refund. I'll be surprised if this ever ships, I'm sure I will never see a finished product out of VRASE, you can't really run any company for this long with only £70k and the product idea has moved on in people's minds. It still does not look viable for external investment as this is simply not an innovative product any more. If anyone still wants a plastic VR head mount for your phone, you can now get one over on Chinavasion for not a lot of money - <url>#Mobile%20SDK Exciting times. I'm really proud to be able to post 431 comments out of 1597 for this campaign. It's all your fault miguel. Those who want to personally ask for a refund, you can reach miguel via his telephone that he posted a while ago on Twitter: <url>öga men inte bjälken i sitt eget. Karmeck is a lying ignorant piece of crap shill for this company. Now he is blaming the people who were ripped off for the delay. You can come here and misspell all the false hope for a product you want, but you start calling me out as the one to blame for getting ripped off you are asking for trouble The amount of faith that you have is truly disturbing. Marketing ad going to conventions and holding speeches at events, production is something they as a small team have to work hard on between events. Now they also have to give time so they can cooperate with the police on some stupid matter reported by some inpatient and immature people. So once again all this hating and reporting them for fraud is just delaying this grate Product. To an extent Chris and Brian is responsible for the delay. Finally some substantial update. Thank you for posting these links Brian. Good job on reporting them. Hopefully we will see the main leaders behind bars very soon, despite "full cooperation". miguel where is the link where I can ask for refund? I have stated too many times that I am not interested in your 3D printed device anymore. "The Gran Canaria side of the business is leading the development of vrAse, while the Edinburgh operation is marketing it." What marketing? What development? Two sides failed to do their task. From BBC News, Mr Schiaffino added: "Fortunately, we're about to start industrial production and our supporters will start enjoying their devices soon". Does this meant that they haven't even started the production yet? <url>"Eyedak said a misunderstanding over a delay in delivering the device had led to the claims". What a prickish thing to say. Eyedak have been given E V E R Y opportunity to engage in an open and honest conversation with their backers, and they have consciously chosen to do everything but! Lying, thieving, disingenuous children of unmarried parents! Finally vrAse and Eyedak are making national news. Too bad it is because they are crooks: Scotland Police Investigate Delayed Kickstarter Project <url>‪#‎StuffAwards‬ Gadget Awards 2014 finalist!! - vote for vrAse @StuffTV <url>"wait a little bit longer"... I hope you are proud of yourself. I don't blame you I see Brian found my pc gamer profile. That was made so a member on there could not find me, long time ago and I never bothered to change it back. Good work Chris, I should report you for posting personal information but if it's that easy to find me what's the point? And the image I use here is not that old, just 4 years I think. Mr Karmeck widely known as Johan Rydén from Jönköping? That teenage boy looks more or less like this now: <url>"update". <url>"members"... how dare you? miguel the scam bag has removed posts on the forums from official legit users mentioning that they took the money and ran away. I hate you miguel. "vrAse is one of #StuffAwards Gadget Awards 2014 finalist!! - vote for vrAse @StuffTV <url>" Haha, finalist? This is ridiculous. 26 days since last login and still no update? miguel, where are you hiding? Refund each and everyone immediately. James Dellow - it seems that you have the best contact with miguel. Maybe you could get in touch with them and order them to refund our money? Almost everyone is asking for it. Fernando - <url>"We cannot continue saying things, that as you may already see, that we are not doing." As a reminder, here is what miguel had to say few months ago: <url>"prototypes" are running around another tech show. Even Alex Warto has moved on and he doesn't believe vArse bullcrap anymore. Why can't you do the same karmeck? You are not getting anything here. You got the update from me kiddo. You are such a good kid to miguel, maybe he will adopt you one day and let you work together on the future of VR. You were full of crap since day one, and you continue to do so even after a year. You don't make yourself look like an idiot, you truly are one. Before I gave them the money: "Please support us now and if you don't get your phone model added you can take your money back without any problem." --Louise Bankhead Kickstarter Private Message After I gave them the money: "Our official instance is that we cannot do refunds...because we have already compromised funds." -- Miguel Schiaffino audio interview My very first message from them is them begging me to give them money with the promise that if they did not make a perfect case for my phone (the Nexus 4...that's how long ago this was) that they would refund my money "with no problems". The very first message I ever got from them. Begging for money for something they never even intended to deliver (a Nexus 4 perfect case) and lying and saying my money would be refunded if they didn't make the item (the item they never form the beginning intended to make). Now here I am more than a year later with nothing except a loss of nearly $100 American dollars, well that and the opportunity be talked by some punk kid like I am a liar posting lies about the company that ripped me off. This is what Internet Fraudsters look like: "Hi Brian, We recommend everybody to support the project now and wait to see what happen at the end of the campaign. If everybody get vrAse now, even the people with phones not compatibles we will reach the funding goal really fast and then we will keep adding new phones. And as we said in "comments" the nexus 4 will be one of the first ones to be add because lot of people is asking for it. Please support us now and if you don't get your phone model added you can take your money back without any problem Thank you very much for your interest in vrAse and we are sorry your smartphone is not yet on the list." I have posted no "crap." Only factual information about a company that lied to its investors repeatedly. Everything I say can be backed up with specific things that can be read in the updates by anyone. My personal messages are available as well, but the fac tthat you still close your eyes and pretend they haven't lied to you continues to make you look like and idiot. Seeing as the team continues to work despite all the crap Chris and Brian post here make me happy. Like reporting them using some online form would make a difference. Motherphkrs.. <url>’s Xperia Z, and Samsung’s Galaxy S3, Galaxy S4 and Note 2. The device will cost 99 Euro and be available in the next few months, company founder and CEO Miguel Schiaffino told Hypergrid Business. Consumers will be able to play side-by-side formatted games on the device, watch movies as if they were projected on a giant screen, or use the device in combination with a PC or Mac, he said. The vrAse has a software development kit for the game engine Unity3D, which is available for use by game developers. However, the company is primarily focusing on the hardware development and technical improvement of the headset, so as to make the device comfortable to use by the end customers, Schiaffino said." What's up miguel? I see louise bankhead is very active lately! Such a shame that it's just Facebook. <url>"best" manufacturer? or in need of more investor? as far as i can see from the updates and progress this project already is a failure. We would like to know the name of the "best" manufacture so that we can find information and/or contact them. Or are the team still waiting for the response from the manufacturer? We want INFORMATION of the progress! New timeline! or else PLEASE refund. I'm not asking kindly for it, I demand it. Refund, please. Tick tock, tick tock... time is running out, where is my refund? They can not. Whatever they do, and I'm sure it's nothing, I'll make sure nobody except james and karmeck buys it. I think this may be a good option out in November for £25 and manufactured by Archos <url>"sorry we lost all your money and you are not getting anything for your investment". Instead, you hide hoping that you can just slowly disappear with our money without being made responsible. Even if you succeed with the above(not with your product as that is obviously no option), I want you to know that 700+ people think that you are a failure in life. Your actions speak louder than words. I also want you to know that some of us actually succeed in life and not by trying to chase dreams but by working hard and thinking/planning ahead in life. You on the other hand will always struggle from one failure onto another. Also the fact that you were stupid enough to think that we will eat your BS for so long just tells us how "intelligent" you are. Oh before I forget! F_ck Y_u! <url>ández Manager <url>"If a creator is unable to complete their project and fulfill rewards, they've failed to live up to the basic obligations of this agreement. To right this, they must make every reasonable effort to find another way of bringing the project to the best possible conclusion for backers," witch vrase are doing buy bringing in an investor. Now it dose not help that they have ppl here doing their best to stop them to deliver their promise to their backers. <url>"wearable tech" to be mentioned for a few seconds during the much larger event. @Greg that booth space was reserved and paid for long ago. And the printed materials that make up the booth travel from show to show. I saw the tweeted picture of their set up. There must be monies still left in the bank for that. How about that refund now? Did no-one corner vrAse at the mall show in London this weekend? @Peter Wiegersma The problem with that of course is they spent the money. ON touring trade shows hoping for a bigger investor instead of spending it on the injection molds with a manufacturer like they were supposed to. The "hold up" with the manufacturer all along (and the reason they have never said what the problem is) is that they did not have enough funds to order the production of a thousand units. They couldn't afford the molds or tooling after unsuccessfully soliciting investors and licensing partners at trade shows all over the world. It's fraud. I think the best thing to do is to refund everybody and start a new kickstarter of vrase when everything is solved. This is the only way to shake of the negativity of VRase. There is no future for this company without refunding. It's not too late to follow the stream of succesfull VR-companies.Now is the time. Thank you. Do you even read our comments and questions? Please refund my super early bird pledge... I've lost fate and interest in this project. Refunding me solves my issue. I know this might be difficult, but let me spell this out. R-E-F_U_N_D. Refund! I apologize for this rude remark, but at this point you really don't deserve any better. Does the new investor know you are under criminal investigation for defrauding your Kickstarter backers? What a great update... I want my refund now. And say many Greetings Chris to the team from me. LOL latest update "we are now closing agreements for the manufacturing" Deja Vu or what! Honestly, Vrase team... Despite commenting here I have lost all interest in your product and look forward instead to receiving my guaranteed delivery of Samsung Gear VR mid october. Sorry, you missed the boat Take some pictures so we can see how these guys look like and 3d print some voodoo dolls Your wish is my command! With pleasure Peter ;) I'm taking my flight in a few hours. Is there any chance that somebody from the backers could go and punch everyone from the Vrase team in the face in London tomorrow? These low IQ con artists deserve a lot more than that so please guys somebody do us some justice. If I wasn't busy I would go and make his bald head sweat with some verbal slaps across his face. Yeah that's you Miguel. I hope you get what you deserve in London. I think this is a great opportunity to make a huge dent on their future success if we question them and put the evidence online. ...when hell freezes over... When can I get my vrAse??,,,,, <url>"likes" on their Facebook page than vArse - it's really a tragedy since vArse is more than a year old. 1,885 vs 1,395 likes miguel, you are so disgusting. i hope you will be present in London. 'team' active again on Twitter: @WartoAlex Work every day to go into production stage. We would love to have the product ready but there are things that do not depend on us Bull shiet. Fascinating read about Kreyos, but there is the same pattern of a lack of accountability or transparency. Shocking that Steve chose to not tender bids. @damien murphy You've come to the wrong spot to get information from them. They have stopped mentioning Kickstarter in their press releases and their last comment in this section said they didn't owe us anything. The UK police National Fraud Intelligence Bureau is working to close their bank accounts, emails, etc. right now. Your best bet is to report the fraud to your credit card company as the others have said here. Not quite related to vArse itself, but here is a follow up of another campaign. It's a long read, but worth it. <url>“It had long since come to my attention that people of accomplishment rarely sat back and let things happen to them. They went out and happened to things.” ― Leonardo da Vinci Hiya Everybody! We hope you are all very well and as happy as we are. November is going on nicely, so are we :D. We have some news for you and they are all good! We are glad to tell you that since we received the funds from Kickstarter things are moving on and everyday more and more people get interested or involved in the vrAse project. And we have found a great professional company to work with us on the final design for vrAse. So guys, imagine how amazing it will be, even better than we initially thought… We also have advanced a lot in our meetings with manufacturers. We can’t give you dates for mass production yet, but so far, everything is going well and fast. We are on time regarding our schedule. Let’s keep on track and at the same pace! Last, but not least, the online shop : ASAP you will be able to pay the extras such as shipping fees or additional adapter directly from our online shop. We have been discussing with the bank and we will be able to give you an update when the payments options are set. Thanks for your support, have an awesome week and we keep in touch! I'll post the survey link here again, so it does't get lost between comments: <url># vrAse with most smartphones on the market. A greeting, Still no login here since 8th September 2014, not to mention lack of any update. Damien they are not shipping at all. Report fraud to your credit card company to get your money back, like many of us did. This project is a scam leaded by miguel schaffino and his 'team'. Just wanted to check in and see where you guys are at with regards shipping units to backers? Do you have an estimated delivery date yet? Just because you really really want something to become real does not mean it will eventually happen. These guys committed suicide with this project. They are doomed, sooner or later they will have to find a real job but if someone will Google their name they will see the truth... *magnificent vArse* Wow :) It seems pretty clear to me that karmeck is a very obvious shill - surely nobody is truly that outrageously ignorant. I feel stupid having to follow up karmeck's posts here every few days to make sure accurate information is available to those who visit. THIS IS NOT ABOUT NOT COMMUNICATING or DESIGN CHANGES or DELAYS in production. This is about LIES. Telling us they have a partnership from day one with someone that can produce 10,000 units a week was a lie. Offering 6000 units in your campaign then only getting 720 orders and claiming you are delayed because that demand exceeded your expectations is a LIE. Saying you have a completed design and then months later meeting to finalize a design is a LIE. Saying you have placed an order with a manufacturer and are awaiting delivery dates is a LIE when you still don't even have a manufacturer selected. It's not that they didn't tell us what was happening...it is that they told us something was happening that was NOT happening just to keep us quiet while they spent our money on a trade show tour hoping to get enough investment to complete the project. It has been SEVERAL months since they said they had design completed and would show us pictures as soon as the design patent was finished (two weeks at the most in their words). It's a lie.It was a lie then and a lie now. Why do you keep pretending that didn't happen and it's just a language barrier or a mistake or a misunderstanding or an ordinary delay. The delay was a DECISION on their part to put the money toward touring trade shows in search of a bigger deal instead of spending the $60k we gave them on paying for the injection molds and printing 700 or so units. Even Miguel in his recorded interview here said "We can't continue saying we are doing things we aren't actually doing." So they stopped saying anything at all. These are the words of the CEO of the company...that they were telling us they were doing things they weren't actually doing. Why is is so difficult for you to realize that is wrong and means you are untrustworthy group. It's not incompetence. It is a willful deception. <url>"unexpected" delay: <url>"GearVR is one of the best VR experiences out there right now, even as an Innovator Edition that is targeted at developers and enthusiasts. The only thing in front of it is DK2. The Innovator Edition is not quite ready to be a mass-market consumer product, but is still light years ahead of the countless mobile VR solutions pretending they are. The Note 4 is a beast, especially with all the VR specific optimizations we have made, and mobile hardware is moving at a breakneck pace. You definitely don't need to worry about "puny FPS"." _ Gear VR is still light years ahead of the countless mobile VR solutions pretending they are _ At this point I'd be happy if I was even able to personally handshake with miguel. He is the true VR celebrity. @Creator can I have refund please? The BBC says they are now aware of the police actions against vrAse and are in contact with the National Fraud Intelligence Bureau in the UK to get information on additional developments in the criminal investigation. Heard from a representative today. Should we invite them to the London confrontation? Update from a year ago: <url>"prototype". <url>"update" was posted on 6th of August. It's been a month since then. vArse is in Honolulu right now, enjoying our money - or what's left of it... "Pioneers of mobile VR" HA HA HA. Samsung is well known for making their accessories only available to newest product, at least shortly after launch. Just look at Galaxy Gear smartwatch from a year ago, first it was exclusive to Note 3. But I would not get my hopes up to get Gear VR running with Note 3 - display resolution is simply too small for comfortable media consuming for a extended period. 1440p will greatly decrease visible screen door effect. I'm not interested in switching my phone as well, but it's the right phone for VR now. Just tried out the Gear VR at IFA. Interesting experience and pretty good implementation of VR, but won't make me move to the Note 4. All I'm looking for in vrase is comfort and a grate optics. As all I'm gonna do is watch movies. Not making gear vr working with note 3 makes it a no buy for me. Trying to work out apart for the side controls and adjustable optics what the gear vr actually has over existing hmds... From what I've read so far, head tracking is limited to same 360 gyroscope movement with no positional tracking... All a bit meh. Don't get me wrong, I can see the value in the controls and adjustable optics, but surely at that cost a head mounted kinnect-style system for gesture recognition and proximity detection would have been a better approach... Physical controls which have to be operated by touching the side of the device kind of breaks the illusion somewhat. "Vrase have a chance here" yeah perhaps you will be the only customer. PLEASE, stop trying to put this thing together karmeck. It's not working out. We needed 3D printed cases last year. Now we will have Gear VR soon in our hands - for me it's a day one purchase. It might be pricey, it might cost more than what people expected here - but it's definitely worth it. You don't pay for a plastic and lenses - you are paying for experience driven by Gear VR on a phone built with VR in mind. Note 4 has low-level access to drivers and stuff, it has latency of 20 ms which is very very low. Low persistence. Outside chip for head tracking. You will never get anything close to it by just sliding a phone off the shelf into a shell. Of course our expert miguel thinks differently. NOPE. Having tried all major VR devices, it looks like Gear VR blows everything away, even incl. DK2. DK2 is sweet and stuff, but Mobile SDK is more fluid than the one we have on PC. It's a fact. Methinks it's time to stop the silent treatment and refund all the backers that demand it. To have treated us the way you have is criminal. Can't wait to hear what people who show up in London to have a few words have to say. Really looking forward to seeing the comments from the people that meet the vrAse people in London in a couple of weeks. @karmeck That said I have no idea why anyone would pay $199 for Gear VR. That means the entire device would cost around 900-1100 total (with the purchase of a Note 4). Or in other words...you could buy 3 Oculus Rifts for the same price. @karmeck These are not even competitive products. Gear VR has electronics, a touchpad, buttons, additional sensors that work in conjunction with the Note 4 to create an actual VR experience. vrAse is a 3D printed piece of plastic. Anywhere above $50 and vrAse prices itself out of the market. Similar products are already available at less than $40. I own 3 different brands as well as a Cardboard and a self made prototype. (ColorCross $36, davyci $54, Hasbro My3D $7). I'll let the folks at Oculus explain why vrAse is not in the same league as Gear VR: "The built-in phone sensors don't work as well for VR," Luckey said. "That's why you can't just put any phone in a 3D-printed thing or a piece of cardboard [like Google did] and expect the same experience. "Most of those are pretty terrible experiences just riding the VR hype wave," he said. <url>"When we saw the first Samsung demo, it looked like what most of the other mobile VR demos have looked like, whether it was Google Cardboard or FOV2GO,” he said. “There’s a sea of these kind of crappy mobile VR headsets where they just don’t deliver a great experience. You certainly wouldn’t want to strap any one of them to your head for more than a few seconds.” Did you hear that miguel? Your 3D print is ultimate crap. Come on, you can't hide forever. Are you going to be in London together with the rest the team? <url>"World Leader in smartphone visualization devices" - you never were, you never will be a World Leader. So remove it ASAP. This title belongs exclusively to Samsung and their partnership with Oculus. So get off your white horse and give us our money back, IMMEDIATLY. A lot of apps such as titans of space, dreadhalls and proton pulse are confirmed to be launched with Gear VR or shortly after. Probably you won't be able to run them on old smartphones... So everyone, start saving money for trip to London, Note 4 and Gear VR. Interesting times! Wohoo! For those who missed it, here is the official presentation of the Gear VR: <url>‘Future Fashion’, on September 20th-21st 2014 IMMERSIVE TECH vRase (UK) – vRase takes virtual reality to a new level, allowing consumers to turn any phone into a virtual reality headset. Read more at <url>#FxRxS2RPoWUx4QDX.99 Guys, how about we all go to London and meet up over there to meet the team? Afterward we could host a VR party where miguel and his team are not invited :D <url>“…I never expected it to be delivered on time, since pretty much no new products are (especially here on Kickstarter). I am though quite happy with the information so far from CEL. Sure they dont post updates every week but I feel that I have been kept up to date on how it is progressing. The updates here + in the forums are enough for me….” – CEL Robox backer Patrik Lundgren shows the patience of a Kickstarter backer. Interestingly too, the vrAse demonstrates one of the key problems investing in any small company with an innovative product, an issue that is always dredged up on Dragons’ Den; without a patent what is stopping the big boys of the industry taking your idea, doing it better, cheaper and getting it to market quicker than you? Google may not have copied the vrAse but with Cardboard have certainly pinched the entire market of cheap virtual reality headsets before vrAse has even fulfilled its Kickstarter orders. <url>#comment-7467603 Worth listening again ;) Wow, vArse has their own page on Wikipedia! <url>"Does anyone remember the people who were defending this project and every single lie we've been told?" Hahahahahaha! Let's just say some of us, realising things were looking more than a little dubious, decided to try and cut our losses and scam the scammers... Or am I just saying that to save face?! Who knows... Barring a miracle, congratulations on being right! Just as a reminder, it's been 1 year already, more than 365 days since this campaign has started and they had designs ready to manufacture and blabla blabla. Funding period: Aug 31 2013 - Oct 15 2013 (45 days) miguel has logged in yesterday and as always he ignored our comments and requests. No new tweets, website hasn't changed since forever, forum is dead since day 1, they do not respect any refund requests, miguel switched his phone off (perhaps he changed his number now?). Plenty of cowards around. Does anyone remember the people who were defending this project and every single lie we've been told? I'm looking at you james, you are still so active on Kickstarter. Where is that Apple looking product that you have seen a while ago? Refund! Refund! Refund! I would definitely pledge to a project like that. I wonder what stretch goals we could have ;) I don't have a Facebook account Greg. I think you have added a random person :) I'm based in the UK, bet there are more of us, and bound to be someone in Scotland. Unfortunately I no longer live in Edinburgh... but maybe we could kickstart our own project: 'An eye on Vrase' or something like that ;) ha. Chris I sent you a friend req on Facebook - does anyone here have any contact info for Vrase in Scotland? It's September already and still no update. I'm not even disappointed :) Brian, any updates regarding the page you've been working on? That BBC article had one interesting piece of information: Louise (Secretary) and Francisco (Director/CMO) are responsible for marketing. It would be awesome if we had a backer from Edinburgh or Scotland, or worse case the U.K. who could confront these charlatans with a video camera. Email sent. I doubt they are going to change the article though. It's BBC and they are clearly not verifying much before posting something online. miguel I still haven't received my refund. What is wrong with you and the rest of that fake team? I nominate miguel scaffino tienda and louise bankhead to do the ice bucket challenge, maybe some fresh cold water will make them come to the ground. :D vrAse on BBC...no mention of UK police actions against the company...fill out a complaint form and help us get coverage from the BBC on what this company did to us. Funnyin the article Michael says the delay was so they could re-design the headset, no mention of all the excuses we were told here about manufacturers, additional financing, how many requests for samples they received, etc. Here is the article: <url>"suspected criminals" operating in Edinburgh and have taken action to potentially remove bank accounts, phone numbers, websites, email addresses and other infrastructure used to commit the online fraud of backers on a Kickstarter campaign in August of last year. During that time vrAse made multiple false statements including that they had a manufacturing in place and were awaiting delivery dates of orders placed for items never manufactured. They posted to Kickstarter an international bank account asking users to anonymously direct deposit additional funds. I was personally defrauded of $76 US Dollars by this company and lied to in multiple public updates and private messages by anonymous people identifying themselevs as "the vrAse team" through Kickstarter. Kickstarter is aware of the police actions against vrAse and is working with their legal team to take appropriate action. As I understand it vrAse is no longer mentioning its "Kicksatrter" in the press releases it provides to avoid reporters such as Steven McKenzie from visiting the comments section of their Kickstarter campaign (<url>#p7861 I don't believe vrAse has this... and therefore may not release a case at all. I think this Google Cardboard is already more advanced than what we see from vrAse. below is a picture. It doesn't seem like much, but to be able to interact with a VR app on the phone without having to touch the screen is HUGE. don't believe vrAse will be releasing their cases... All the kickstarter funds will go to them. And here is the official reply: Hi anthoang Cardboard-like VR cases are awesome and we encourage everybody to build them. It's a nice way to enter in the VR world and also a powerfull tool for developers but vrAse is a different thing. From optic design to comfort vrAse will be a entire new experience that will brake the standards of HMD. The interaction with the smartphone is really important and we know it. We are in contact with some important periphericals companies and also developing and updating our SDK in order to control and iteract with your smartphones in so many different ways. Here you have a thread of compatible devices: <url>"likes" on their profile page did not increase a lot, Twitter followers are just random people and tech blogs. Actually finishing this project is more or less suicide. Might this have something to do with the allegations and investigation against vrase? Them telling thire parter to post on Twitter to crate credibility for the company and the product. UPDATE @ Twitter: ASE Optics Europe ‏@AseOpticsEu Very proud to havedeveloped an improved optical lens for the system of @vrAse_live for EYEDAK. Amazing video! <url>"mount" your phone in the headset by sliding it in They are from the same article the photos you see are from (click Source at the bottom of the article you read) <url>"Samsung’s first virtual reality headset is expected to feature an OLED display and would be compatible with select Galaxy smartphones and tablets.") So perhaps it has its own on-board display? IN any case it has always been noticably different from vrAse in that it would have some method for interaction with the phone on the outside of the device. <url>"Samsung’s first virtual reality headset is expected to feature an OLED display" If so it is no longer the same as vrase, if it has its own display. But I thought it would be the same as vrase, then did that change? <url>"devkit" that is being sold to anyone who can afford it. I think you better keep it for several years and then try to resell it, I'm sure you will gain a lot of money for that piece of futuristic tech! @Mauricio marcantonio Even though an unidentified person said they were considering some process for refunds, we have audio recordings of the CEO of the company stating "Our official stance is we cannot do refunds until we have everything secure because we have already compromised funds for industrial production." "We cannot continue saying things that, as you may already see, that we are not doing." So your best bet is to report fraud here: <url>"I think maybe there is some right we are doing even all the wrong that people think we are super bad. That we are going to kill all the children in the world and we are going to basically eat their little mommas." Just because you aren't killing babies and eating mommas does not mean you aren't breaking the law. So in short (too late) the CEO says the official policy is no refunds. Some random person logged into Kickstarter says there will be, someday, maybe. Which means no refunds are coming. No headset is coming. But some of the members of the vrAse team may see some jail time and will at a minimum be shut down by law enforcement form their continued fraud. Chris: if you like, I'll send you my Vrase prototype if you send me your dk2 (first of course).... ;) How can we claim refund? The creators said we could ask but how? Thx Pfff cardboard... I want my vArse! :D They said it's coming in summer, and summer is not over yet! It must be better than Rift DK2. Another cardboard w/ lens kit cheap versions @ 6.76. Don't have it, just posting it <url>"replacement" for the vrAse fantasy device is the ColorCross unit, which costs almost a 1/3rd of the price of the vrAse unit with free shipping and provides basically the same function. <url>#.U_TZI_ldV8E <url>"offensive" comments. Good luck miguel! There are projects that make mistakes, and continue to make mistakes; but persevere and ultimately get there in the end. Other projects make mistakes, admit to their mistakes; and perhaps engage their funders in formulating solutions. If vrAse had simply been a matter of some mis-steps; well that could be understood and possibly forgiven somewhat. The vrAse Team by their own volition admitted to fraud, embezzlement, and numerous other actions of questionable morality and legality. These are facts - in writing; in their own words on this campaign. Karmeck: I sincerely would like to understand your reasoning - logical or otherwise - that supports your belief that vrAse will be delivered. I read your posts and contemplate what facts or information I am missing that allows you to maintain your unerring faith in The vrAse Team. The current situation does not diminish the fact that vrAse was an awesome idea a year ago, but is now sadly no longer unique nor exceptional. Imagine how successful Eyedak would have been with vrAse had they launched this product last year...such a sorry state of affairs. @karmeck to speak more directly to your comment: "You may collect money after a campaign has ended many others have done this. " I agree that companies still collect money after their campaign. Through legitimate means such as venture capital deals, online stores and PayPal. Please name one project where backers have been asked to direct deposit additional money into an international bank account. "Seeing as this campaign has ended a suspension would do nothing." Incorrect. A "campaign" is not an account. The "accounts" belong to Miguel and Bankhead. Suspending them would prevent them from posting future fraudulent updates or soliciting money via additional campaigns which may abuse the crowdfunding platform in a similar manner. Point 1) I have not requested a refund. Do not issue me a refund. I have requested only the headset I was promised and honesty. I was defrauded of money. The intent of me reporting fraud was NEVER to get my money back, but to keep scam artists from defrauding others. Karmeck is so delusional that even after law enforcement steps in after careful review if the evidence and says a crime was likely committed that if we all just pretend it didn't happen and be kind and quiet we might get a new plastic toy in the mail. Don't you understand karmeck? Even if they delivered a headset now, they broke the law in the process? I still want mine if they get manufactured. But it doesn't change the fact they started by saying they had partners that could manufacture 10,000 units a week as soon as the design was finished. Then they said 5000 a DAY could be produced months later. Then months later admitted they had no manufacturer, no patented final design, no ability to show a final prototype, and needed additional financing to even produce the 749 units they promised. This is called fraud. It doesn't matter how much patience you show or how much you like the idea or how much you want your headset. People must be held accountable when they commit fraud. Even if in the end they are able to deliver. Did you read the letters from the National Fraud Intelligence Bureau? They ALREADY issued cease and desist orders and demanded the infrastructure vrAse is using (emails, phone numbers, bank accounts, websites) be shut down. It just takes time for those in charge to follow through with those lawful orders. Its too late. The London police are not going to say "just kidding" simply because you still want your headset or there are some customers who don't understand or care a crime was committed in the process. You may collect money after a campaign has ended many others have done this. Some have even started PayPal option after being fully founded with kickstarter sill going. And as you see kickstarter say they take action in form of a suspension. Seeing as this campaign has ended a suspension would do nothing. And again Brian you are not helping those of us that have the ability to exercise patients and actually want vrase to see the light of day. My sugestion to vrase team and kickstarter is to refund Chris and Brian so they can't post any more. This is the kind of update that I want to see in this campaign. Keep up the good work! Sent this to Kickstarter today: "Under your Trust & Safety section listing of What You Do it states "We Take Action" and continues "...when we find users or projects that abuse the system, we don’t hesitate to suspend them." As of August 13, 2014 the City of London Police have stepped in to prevent activities by what it refers to as "suspected criminals" operating under Kickstarter's crowdfunding resources. I know many backers have complained to you and asked for refunds but now that UK's National Fraud Intelligence Bureau has stepped in to try and stop vrAse I am wondering why Kickstarter still has taken no action to disable the account of Micael Shiaffino (vrAse CEO) and Louise Bankhead (vrAse project creator) as your Trust & Safety section states you do. Below you will find a link to the letter sent out to some backers from Pete O'Doherty , Director of the National Fraud Intelligence Bureau where he clearly states the City of London Police have "taken action to disrupt the activities of suspected criminals which includes notices to suspend or take down "websites, email accounts, telephone numbers and bank accounts" of vrAse and the parent company Eyedak. Even after they had completed the campiagn they used your "Updates" section of their campaign to solicit backers to direct deposit even more money directly into their bank account and after all of this no one has still received anything. I find it hard to believe that asking for direct deposits outside the official Kickstarter system is ever appropriate for a legitimate company. That bypasses your ability to make money as well does it not? In any case I understand you can't refund money as it has already been delivered to Louise Bankhead and vrAse. And i am not asking for a refund. But the fact that you allow this operation to continue to function unchecked using your website and resources to spite the ongoing criminal investigation is really disappointing and makes me wonder about whether Kickstarter is really standing up for the backers that make Kickstarter such a wonderful community to begin with. Please take some action to show the backers who have been lied to and ripped off by these criminals that you stand with the UK police in stopping these scam artists in their tracks. I'd be happy to answer any questions you may have regarding how I was defrauded by vrAse or assist you in any way possible. Thanks; Brian J. Overman An excerpt from an upcoming article on crowdfunding regulation: "A perfect example of such an operation is vrAse on Kickstarter. With Facebook's multi-billion dollar acquisition of virtual reality helmet Oculus Rift all over the news, vrAse promised to bring a cheap alternative to smartphone users everywhere. VrAse began its Kickstarter campaign in August 2013 requesting £55,000 but willing to accept much more, offering more than 6250 headsets to be produced by February 2014. By October 14, 2013 they had £66,556 in backing, from 782 hopeful backers, exceeding their goal and announcing the end of a “successful Kickstarter campaign.” Of those backers only 749 had backed at a level requiring them to produce a vrAse unit. Since they had offered over 6000 units and promised the “manufacturers we are dealing with have large facilities, are able to produce 10,000 units a week” everyone believed the February 2014 deadline was a sure thing. Soon backers began to suspect something was amiss. Although they claimed to have two designs to choose from (“Origin” and “Mist”) backers were never asked at the close of the campaign which they would like to receive, or where it would be sent. Next came an update posted with a bank account number asking backers to direct deposit more money for shipping, customs fees and promising an extra case for only £10 more. Backers began to notice that no updates or private messages were signed by a real person, instead using “the vrAse team.” Searching social media, backers found that the person who had initiated the campaign, Louise Bankhead, had almost no internet presence before the Kickstarter campaign, including no photos of her with“the vrAse team” at trade shows or in publicity photos. With no photos or personal comments from Bankhead the focus turned to Miguel Schiaffino (aka Miguel Schiaffino Tienda). Further investigations showed that vrAse was the sole product of a Canary Islands based company called Eyedak, with Schiaffino listed as CEO and Bankhead as Secretary. Even though Shiaffino had a Kickstarter account of his own, the elusive Bankhead initiated the campaign and collect the money. The company became “international” when Lousie Bankhead used an Edinburgh, UK address as an office of the Spanish company. Kickstarter updates and social media from the company became less and less about producing and designing a virtual reality headset and more and more about a world tour of trade shows and industry events showing off the same 3D prototypes vrAse had presented to backers at the onset of the campaign. After months and months of claiming they were close to a final design, that they had applied for a design patent on the final design and at one point even claiming in a private message that they were awaiting a delivery date on the manufactured parts themselves, vrAse finally admitted they were still trying to reach an agreement with a manufacturer. To the surprise of backers they also refused to show photos proving they had anything other than the 3D prototypes they had started with and were unable to prove they were any closer to finishing the design one year after the beginning of their “successful” Kickstarter campaign. As updates became more and more delayed they also stated that the 749 ordered units, combined with requests from developers and press, were more than they could handle and they needed additional investment and more time to “negotiate” with manufacturers. This revelation came as a surprise to backers since they had originally claimed manufacturing capability of “10,000 units a week”. Eventually “the vrAse team” stopped responding to Kickstarter backers private messages and no updates were provided for months except a comment in the backers section claiming “we do not have the obligation” to provide a solution to backers. Fortunately this was not the end of the story. Backers began populating the Comments section on Kickstarter with as much information they could find about vrAse, Eyedak and the people responsible for this Kickstarter campaign. And soon enough the backers began organizing and fighting back. Some backers reported fraud to their credit card companies and received refunds. Other reported fraud to the UK police. On August 13, 2014, almost exactly one year after vrAse began their Kickstarter campaign, Pete O'Doherty, Director of the National Fraud Intelligence Bureau (City of London Police) announced that reports from Kickstarter backers had “enabled police to take action to disrupt the activities of suspected criminals.“ According to O'Doherty this activity can be in the form of requests to suspend or take down fraudulent websites or email accounts, telephone numbers or bank accounts or foreign currency exchange accounts. Although it can take time for responsible parties to comply with the requests from UK police, it is expected that vrAse will soon be unable to use much of the infrastructure it has used to take money from innocent Kickstarter backers and may be disrupted from seeking additional funds from other larger investors who may be drawn in by the seemingly simple idea by a startup gone wrong." Brian - keep us all updated, I would like each one of these guys pay for what they did (and did not) <url>"trademark dilution" with kickstarterscam.com. Look it up if you're interested but in any case I have to use a new URL and since the PR company is going to be pushing it to national press I want to make the right choice. If I make it live using the kickstarterscam addy and i have to change it then all of the links we all go through the hard work of posting and CNN links etc. will be dead. So let me purchase another more trademark friendly URL and we'll be on our way. Or in vrAse speak...just trying for perfection. The real reasons are none of your damn business. Thanks for your money now f off ;) Cmoar campaign has ended, and they did not get funded. Not surprised. However, they are still trying to pull this off and they already announced relaunching their campaign... for the third time. Check some latest videos, this thing is HUGE compared to Neje. @Brian: Sure. Thanks for posting the letter from the UK police Robert! I did not get one yet that I am aware. Can I have your permission to post yours on the vrase scam website? It's great to know they take it seriously and it says in the letter they are taking disruption actions against vrAse. Great news! Try not to get too disheartened Shane. Out of the 100+ projects I have backed on here, 44 projects were successful, and out of those I have received 27 rewards to date; with vrAse being the only undelivered one where I believe I was conned. I have no concerns yet about the 16 outstanding projects. Anyone else get one of these: <url>"We have arranged production with very high quality and output industries, so we can produce up to 5k units a day!" May 2014: "When we were preparing the Kickstarter campaign, we wanted to be realistic and asked for a goal which would allow us to produce a small amount of units. The kind of molds were for a tiny sales forecast. Once the Kickstarter campaign was finished we were overwhelmed with prototype orders from developers, magazines, other business, reviewers and webmasters. The result was amazing! The problem was the Kickstarter campaign was finished. It was at that precise moment, we had to take a turn and start looking for another manufacturer who could cope with our new demand." So in short...The Kickstarter campaign offered to produce 5000 more vrAse headsets than they actually got backing for. In January they had a manufacturer that could produce 5000 a day but by May the 782 ordered and couple hundred requested by devs and magazines was so much they had to look for a new manufacturer. This company has been full of lies since day one. December 12, 2013 "We are almost done with the industrial design stages, and hopefully we will have everything ready within the next month to start building the first molds." Eight months later. No molds. No final design. November 18 2013 "Last, but not least, the online shop : ASAP you will be able to pay the extras such as shipping fees or additional adapter directly from our online shop. We have been discussing with the bank and we will be able to give you an update when the payments options are set." Almost a year later and apparently the "payment options aren't set" whatever that means. October 15, 2013 "We are going to send you in the next few days a survey to know which case and model you want, delivery address, etc." Ten months later it has not arrived. On September 11 2013 vrAse announced its partnership with aetherAR. aetherAR is now non-existent. On October 3, 2013 vrAse announced its partnership with iMotion controller March 4, 2014 iMotion refunded all of its Kickstarter backers because it could not deliver the device. Uh huh. Unfortunately that won't be possible since they already spent the money. The problem they face now is they are unable to pay for the molds required for the plastic parts to be manufactured. They tell us they are "negotiating" with manufacturers but that's just not true. They are "negotiating" with licensing agents, distributors and additional investors hoping one of them will soak up the cost of the molds because they used our money (which was supposed to be used for the molds) for their trade show PR tour instead. Injection molds are the most expensive part of the manufacturing process which is why so many new tech start ups use Kickstarter. After the injection molds are made then the cost of manufacturing goes down significantly. Since they didn't pay for the molds like they were supposed to they are now stuck with an idea, a design and no way to get it produced without additional financing they can't get nailed down without giving away too much equity in a deal. The hold up is NOT with the manufacturer as they keep claiming. The hold up is the money. Without plastic injection molds the parts can't be produced in bulk (only 3d prints which are low quality). Without money no molds can be made. No molds...no product. No money...no molds. No refunds. No nothing. They failed. It's over. No thanks. These guys have proven too much to be taken seriously. Our brains are sensitive to VR, these guys can't do it right. I think it is the best for VRase to return all money to their backers and rethink about heir strategy and do it all over. Come back when your design is final and do a 7 day campaign. Delivery on the fly after this quick campaign. I will be in the front seat. What about this suggestion? miguel has logged into Kickstarter today. Still no substantial update. Google Cardboard has one but very important advantage - it's real. Curiuous if vrase can beat this Just ordered my google cardboard VR toolkit. <url>— the long wait. Can someone give me link to video or just review of it? Seems like I can't find any. Exciting news guys, got my neje today, while its not perfect it is pretty good and a lot of fun. It's not very comfortable on the face compared to dk2 but in my opinion and my step fathers (he plays his original Oculus and his new dk2 about 2 plus hours every night) it is so much better pixel wise on my nexus 5. There is basically no fly screen effect like what you get with the Oculus. This is the first mobile VR case I have owned so I don't have much to go by, but if this $35 neje or should I say (colorcross) is the starting point I think the future is looking good in the mobile VR space. Refund please! Had to buy the NEJE headset since you (vrase) coudln't rpove to me that you have done anything with our money, se please refund my total cost. Sadly Chris they could do that and still make a hefty profit, since their pledge levels were a full double the cost of the Neje device. I think what they plan to do, is to make a bulk order for the Neje headsets and just put their own stickers on them. Neje is actually ColorCross (as you can see on the headband) and there is their logo printed on top of device - which is covered by a cheap quality sticker that says Neje. Mildly interesting. :D Got word today that one of the Neje headsets is out of stock (LJ-01) from dealExtreme. How many consumers do you think will be interested in a vrAse headset after they already own one o these for half the price? My guess is zero unless the secret new design has some compelling reason to choose vrAse. Which I happen to know it does not. Paul, the position of the lenses hold in the neje I got. I have no comfort issues and no light bleed either. The magnification of the lenses is pretty good. Hopefully the rest of you get it soon too. If I was carving my vr case out of wood, I would still have it ready before the vrase team delivers anything. Neje case that I am using holds position, unless you move the lens by yourself. Brian - for a second I thought this is new vArse design, but a thousand times better! Are you going to start a Kickstarter soon? :) Ali Naqvi - forget about Dive as it was more of a concept than a device. Neje is way better! I use mine with Note 3 and quality of image is very good. Want my refund as well. Lets hope it all comes together soon. Eff Em! I bought the dive and I am not happy with it. Is the Neje any better? Ideally I want a headset with fits an LG G3 and Note 3, have the best lenses that magnifies the whole screen. Adjustable lenses and large FOV and no light bleed. Does the Neje fulfil these asks? @Peter Can you confirm if the lens position holds where you set them or do they require re-adjustment with each use? (like I have to with the Durovis Dive) Guys. The NEJE case seem to have a good fov. It feels like a large cinema screen with a galaxy s3. You need to fiddle a bit with the lenses to get the focus right, but all in all im impressed. Both lenses are individually adjustable for focus and for x position. With my s3 there is pretty much no light coming in. Just like a cinema. Like it. @Brian I ordered all three versions of NEJE on DX.com. Two have shipped. Cant wait to get them! I have a durovis dive which is ok but ideally I want something with better lenses with a greater FOV that also doesnt let light in through the case. Hoping one of the NEJE cases achieves this. I am really impressed with the version you have made. I may have a go at doing something like that myself :) @Paul I ordered two version of the Neje headset. One from dealextreme and one from the US portal of dx called dxsoul. Neither are marked as shipped yet. Apparently both Chris and Peter have received theirs already though so I'm hoping soon. In the meantime I have made a cardboard kit, designed my own device that allows for each eye to be adjusted independently (I wear glasses) and have several of the Hasbro my3Ds since they have pretty good lenses and are only 6.99 a piece on Amazon and arrived in 2 days. I am looking forward to the Neje headset though. The one I designed works quite well. Basically similar to cardboard without all the folds. Cut with a dremel out of magazine holders from walmart using a set of lenses from the hasbro My3D. I used some golf tees through the sides attached to each lens holder to allow for each lens to be adjusted separately. I attached a heads trap from an LED headlamp and some adhesive foam weather stripping to make it comfortable where it rests on the face and nose. Then I used an old Nexus 5 Case I had lying around, attaching the cover to the top and allowing the case to hang down in the front so it holds secure on the other side with some velcro. Here it is.... <url>£21 and it works just fine. you can get yours here: <url>#.U82JAjS7Zgg?Utm_rid=70601883&Utm_source=affiliate Demand a refund from these liars and get the NEJE instead. At least you will get something for your money. You had my attention, now you have my curiosity. Exciting times to live! All the best to the project. Of course you have permission to use the SoundCloud file in any way you want. @Chris Yeah, I had considered that. The PR company I'm working with said that if Kickstarter were to remove links to a fact based site attempting to assist users who have been scammed it would increase the chances of the story getting picked up by the nationals (AP, Reuters, CNN, etc) exponentially. It could change the story from a single company using Kickstarter to ripoff 782 people to a National discussion regarding the need to regulate crowd funding requests. Fortunately I have some very smart people on my side and the project itself is bigger than I'd imagined initially thanks to their input. Nice work Brian! keep it up. Haven't been this excited since this campaign has ended! :) Please take my word of advice - don't make a direct links here. Miguel will report you anyway and you might get muted and your post will be removed, just like it happened to me in the past. Perhaps just give us a Google Search link? Coming together nicely. I'll work some more tomorrow so we can go live next week. <url>"I'm 14 and live in my parent's guest house and excel at video games and snack food." I checked his profile to see how a person could be this genuinely naive and yet so charismatic in his ignorance and I'm not sure he has a single comment that is not written at about a 7th grade level with spelling from about 4th/5th grade. I have no time for children. @karmeck That is not how startup investment or Kickstarter works. "Well we just decided it would be better if we did something different with your money than what we agreed (and are legally obligated) to do." In the business world is indeed a lie. It is actually a fraud. A crime, in fact. For you to continue saying "it might have been true then but is different now" just shows you are ignorant of how business arrangements of this type work. I doubt it. Did anyone ever got their t-shirts? I doubt that too. vArse is dead. It was NEVER meant to be released, UNLESS they receive extra funding which they did not. There are 3 things left to do for the backers: - apply for bank refund - report fraud to police - feel free to call miguel and say how you feel about this project, campaign... Cmoar has posted their new design - I wonder how much of is ripped from the leaked design of vArse? <url>… ...great for vArse!! Fraud. Embezzlement. Artifice. Duplicity. Cowardice. International intrigue. Seems like the plot for a thriller! Maybe this is all a modern social experiment akin to Cameron's brain washing. @karmeck Did you even read the question they were responding to? I SPECIFICALLY asked if they were going to produce and send our 782 or wait an include those in a larger order for prototypes, demos and even a distribution deal. "What they did not say in that answer were if that only included the units that are meant for backers or like they say now 100 000." That was specifically the question they were responding to. What is wrong with you? I will show you the question again: ""Will you be producing the products we ordered and paid for separately or are you simply waiting to include those as part of a larger bulk order you are hoping to negotiate during one of these trade shows?" They even said specifically the reason they would produce a bulk order separate is because they could get us our units faster. Learn to read. Here we go again... an official update nearly four months since the last. And there's more of the same. Save for hopefully manufacturing a boatload of headsets. So... instead of using the money to work out the prototype and deliver it to your backers, you instead have used this same prototype to shop around in hopes of landing a bigger fish. While your initial backers wait and wonder where the product they put their money into is. You have caught yourself in a bit of a predicament and actually admitted to some of the misconceptions you have told us all this time. I will send a polite email again and demand a refund. This circus is done. So let me make sure I understand this vrAse team... your update basically admits that you have not honored the agreement that we entered into when you took our money and promised to provide us with a vrAse viewer in return. Instead you have decided to ignore your legal obligation to produce the vrAse VR units for your 782 backers, and have taken our money and used it to jet set all over the world with your prototype in search of a bigger prize. Sounds like Fraud to me. @karmeck No offence but that's a stretch. I was very supportive of them once but now they've lost me. I honestly don't understand why you cling on. The point is we should not have to interpret or make assumptions. The information they should provide should be clear and informative. Instead it's a continuation of recycled deception to avoid conceding that they messed up and missed the boat. On a side note, interesting post on their own forum from devs discussing the vrase sdk and how unworkable it is leaving them to use Dive sdk instead :-) By the way, I am going to report "August update" to Kickstarter as offensive. I took a screenshot of the below post, just in case it disappears. Unbelievable. <url>"The only product we are going to manufacture is the final units that you will received, nothing else." can be seen as an answer that says they are not gonna mass produce the version they show at trade shows at the moment. the only thing they are gonna manufacture is the final unit. What they did not say in that answer were if that only included the units that are meant for backers or like they say now 100 000. I think this was the intention all along as only manufacturing units for backers is stupid and it is stupid of you to assume that as that would be crazy wast of money not making a big bulk all at once to lower costs. Okay, where's the camera? Come on now, I know we're being Punk'd! On March 5, 2014 I asked: "Will you be producing the products we ordered and paid for separately or are you simply waiting to include those as part of a larger bulk order you are hoping to negotiate during one of these trade shows?" On March 6, 2014 vrAse responded: "The only product we are going to manufacture is the final units that you will received, nothing else. The orders are going to be send separately because is faster." Five months to the day later on August 6, 2014 update vrAse said the delay is because: "the project became much bigger than what we planned for vrAse, we are now talking of hundreds thousands of units to produce and many distributors stand in line to spread it on the market." Thanks for the update but it just reads as vapour. Still no dates, still heading down a route full of issues, "suffering delays is mainly due to radical changes (for the better) until we got the perfect design". You'll NEVER have a perfect design that's why tech is designed and released in generations. Release a first gen product, get feedback, refine then work on a second gen product. You could have had a first gen product out months ago. "Ok, we are a small company and we are late. But the truth is that big business are now turned on us to see how we will manage with this." Yes, and as small company you can't compete with big business. "You have had the privileged (sic) to get them at a very low price." But we haven't got anything! You've had the privilege of our donations. "We do not want to disappoint you". Too late. You're operating outside the scope of your campaign,I want to give you the benefit of the doubt but I'm finding it very difficult. And if anyone is considering getting back to the queue to get your hands on this revolutionary invisible product, you can send all your money to the bank account they posted before: <url>"interview" with even less interesting miguel was posted by karmeck few days ago, please have a look and listen to what he says. Just few days ago he said refunds are not possible. It won't be possible a year from now either. <url>#comment-7467603 @Peter, I tried that before... It does not work. They simply do not care about us and they are fully aware that they can just get away with what they did. I hope to be wrong, but even reporting this to the police will not get any of them "behind bars" or lead to any responsibility. Google Translated from Spanglish to Simple English: Rear Sackers, Thank you so much for all the money you put into our account. Rest assured, we are spending each and every pound in hope that we will find someone who will give us even more money in exchange for nothing. Our team has no obligation to update you on anything, so be happy that we even told you that much. Our last exhibit was great and we are literally flooded with new orders from all over the world from people who believe in our product. Therefore you have to wait a little bit longer - quality takes time, and rest assured, we will not deliver you a thing! Thank you for these comments people, you are our daily motivation to log in Kickstarter. miguel VRASE! how do I get a refund? don't care about you BS at all. How long does it take to come up with a solution for the refunds? All it takes is a decision how you are going to refund the people. Give me my money back and you will not her from me again and I hope I will never hear from you either. Thats the last we will hear from Vrase team for a couple of months I have resigned myself to the fact that this will continue to drag on but the continued fob offs still gets my temper flared. I honestly dont believe there is an agreed manufacturer or distributor. Any such company considering doing business with Vrase would surely check the Kickstarter campaign, see all the comments and run the other direction! My mistake the comments are there now , thought they had been removed due to bad language etc. It's funny that there are 7 comments to the update but none show up. If you got a design patent why can't we see the new design? If you didn't get the design patent, why? What happened to your promise to me in March that you would be "producing our units only first and nothing more" so we didn't have to wait for a licensing and distributing ideal for hundreds of thousands of units? Exactly the opposite of what this update says? What, specifically, is holding up negotiations? I have worked with manufacturers of mass produced very complicated small electronics and it took weeks not a year. ZERO information. There are plenty of things you could have told us in this update to help the backers understand what you are working on. Instead this says EXACTLY what you have been saying from day one. Please provide some details to reassure backers. So... where should I send the money back to get my queue place back? LOL @ latest communication :) That's hilarious! They really need to get a new script... It should not be a problem with your credit card company regardless of their location. Fraud must be reported in the country of origin for jurisdiction purposes. The country of origin of the police should have no impact on whether it is acceptable to the credit card company itself as long as they can verify a report has been made. And with that CRN the UK police make it very easy to verify. You can even log back in and provide additional evidence in the future with the login and password they send you. It is a very good system actually. I was quite impressed. But as Chris pointed out here you can probably get away with just telling the credit card company what happened. That is probably enough. But I think we all need to stick together and report these fraudsters to make sure they can't do this again in the future by reporting the crime not just to the credit card company but the authorities as well. Taking 75 euros back from Kickstarter might help you, but it doesn;t actually do anything to vrAse. vrAse received their money from Kickstarter and spent it. All you are doing by getting a refund from Kickstarter (which is who charged your card) is taking money from them. It is highly unlikely it will have any impact on vrAse at all unless you report the crime. Anyone on here from Australia successful in getting there money back? If so what did you do and with what company was your credit card? Don't no if reporting it to that fraud UK site will help me much here @Brian Overman? From May 14th update: "When we were preparing the Kickstarter campaign, we wanted to be realistic and asked for a goal which would allow us to produce a small amount of units. The kind of molds were for a tiny sales forecast. Once the Kickstarter campaign was finished we were overwhelmed with prototype orders from developers, magazines, other business, reviewers and webmasters. The result was amazing! The problem was the Kickstarter campaign was finished. It was at that precise moment, we had to take a turn and start looking for another manufacturer who could cope with our new demand." Actually they had over 5500 slots that went unfilled form their original request (take a look on the right at Early Bird 547 left of 1000 and last chance 4984 of 5000 left). As to producing units for magazines, etc. on March 6 by private message they told me clearly "The only product we are going to manufacture is the final units that you will received, nothing else." "To reach this goal, we have talked with all the components manufacturers and we are ready to start doing our first volume built. " Original Kickstarter request, a year ago. I'd say the easiest way to prove fraud to your CC company is to take the time to fill out a fraud report at <url>"The company Eyedak, LTD and CEO Miguel Schiaffino Tienda recruited Secretary Louise Bankhead to initiate a Kickstarter campaign seeking £55,000 in public funding to manufacture a smartphone-based virtual reality headset, claiming to have completed designs two different designs and allowing those who "invested" to choose which design they wish to receive upon completion of funding to be delivered February 2014 or four months after transfer of funds. 782 individuals paid for the selected headsets totaling £66,556 which was processed in multiple transactions in the days following 14 October 2013 (my transaction of 56.60 was completed on 16 October 2013. On multiple occasions people claiming to be "the vrase team" (no individual names were used in correspondences to obscure their identity) stated that the design was finished, the order had been placed, they were seeking a design patent that would be done within a week, etc. None of this information turned out to be true. As the online conversations with the backers progressed it was revealed that they had been focusing their time and money on seeking additional venture capital financing through a tour of global trade shows rather than completing the design, getting a design patent or manufacturing the device as stated in their original request for investment from the 782 backers. As of August 2, 2014 they have refused to provide any photos or other evidence that they actually have any other product than the original prototypes they claimed we were ordering last year when the money was sent. They have been asked why they have not completed the design, applied for the design patent (the reason they claim they cannot show the device) or ordered the manufacture of the items. They have stated openly on Kickstarter that they feel they have no obligation to provide anything to the hundreds who are now asking for a refund and have refused to provide any update whatsoever in months on the status of the finances, the device, or the company at all." Yeah, this experience has shown me that the risk of Kickstarter, especially in a tech related project, is just too high. People who may have the engineering or tech understanding may not have the business savvy to get a project completed. Or may just be scammers. Either way there is no accountability from Kickstarter. And barring being dumb enough to put some outright lies in print like the folks here at vrAse there is no criminal culpability either. Since these guys made up stuff in their updates and personal message responses we have the option of seeking criminal punishment for them, but if they had just said, "Oh, it didn't work out" they would pretty much get away with it. For that reason if I were to back something on Kickstarter ever again it would be some crafty type thing. The person making rings out of Quarters or something. Something that relies on the individual making the item or whatever. Kickstarter is basically Etsy for me now. As a venture capital financing vehicle for tech products the risk is just too high. I would not back them either. I think it's too late for amateur case. Samsung VR will come out soon. I don't trust Cmoar because first they were asking for 200k and within 3 days they found much cheaper manufacturer.now they 'only'need 60k which is not enough to build business. Besides, these guys were hesitant to answer my certain questions. I say stay away from it. I've given up all hope and interest in Vrase now. It has dented my trust in backing projects. However, saying that I am now backing CMOAR. They at least have a final product and a manufacturer. Anyone else interested in backing? They could use the support: <url>"another week" for the team to provide refunds. I applied for mine long time ago because I knew this is a scam. Fun fact - did you know Neje features one image used in vArse KS campaign? <url>"copy of vArse" "team". You are lying in your campaign all year long so why would you care about this... @James Dellow - aren't you going to say anything here? louise and miguel need people like you! I've requested a refund as well from Vrase, as it looks like we are never going to receive the product as promised. Even though the charge went through the credit card last October, I believe it should fall under the Delayed Delivery category if we need to file a chargeback. Hopefully that is right, because I do not expect Vrase will honor my request, where they have ignored everyone else who requested either information and/or refunds. So the vrAse team basically ignore all of us. What they don't realise is that ignoring all of us isn't going to hide anything. There is more than enaough evidence on this comments page to prove that they are con artists. My last private message to them was about a week or two ago. Asking why they still can't show us photos of the new design since they said in an update months ago they had applied for a design patent protecting the design and only takes a couple weeks. No response. They either don't have a final design yet or didn't apply for the design patent. Either way just more lies. Meanwhile I also ordered Hasbro My3D iPhone goggles from Amazon for 6.99 to modify for use with my Nexus 5. By the way vrAse those have been on the market so long they are already discontinued. So your claim that you are an innovator that others are going to copy is also just bull crap. You are a copy of an idea that's been around for years. I told them to refund my pledge a couple of days ago. Still haven't heard anything from them. Ill give them another week before i contact cc company and file a police report. How many of you guys are trying to reach these ignorant liars through private messaging? I see that they log in almost every day, but don't reply to any of my messages. Pathetic amateurs...that's my overall opinion of the vrAsre "team". Good work guys. i'll hope you get your money back. After filling in 2 forms and answered some questions and delivering proof my CC give me my money back. Looking back I should have known this was fraud from the beginning. When I asked about whether they would ever support my Nexus phone they said in a private message on August 13, 2013: "Please support us now and if you don't get your phone model added you can take your money back without any problem" Well I supported you. My phone model and no ones phone model is supported since there is no device. And it seems like people getting their money back is not happening "without any problem." Turns out it is too late for me to report fraud to my credit card company for a transaction that long ago. But I did file my criminal report with the UK police today against companies Eyedak and vrAse.com as well as individuals Louise Bankhead and Miguel Schiaffino Tienda. They encourage other who have been defrauded to visit <url>"no obligation" to us. Will i get my money back if i contact my credit card campany?? Anyone knows what exact date we got charged for this crap because it was a long time ago and i dont remember... cheers I downloaded the audio file and it will be apart of the evidence on the kickstarterscam.com website if there is no material update by August 1. From the website you (and tech editors and venture capital investors) will be able to view a timeline of the project, a list of lies told throughout the campaign as well as additional information proving intent to defraud the backers at Kickstarter. You will also be able to add your name to a demand for payment (refund) that will be delivered in person by an authority of the court to Miguel, his attorney and whoever resides at the apartment address in the UK and the attorney of record for Eyedak. <url>"the team" will be charged by the attorney for all work he does on their behalf, including reading and responding to all of our individual letters). You will also find a link to report the internet fraud perpetrated by Eyedak, vrAse, Miguel and Louise Bankhead to the UK authorities. I am a real person. This is my real name. I am not a troll. I am not a teenager. I am a 40 year old former investigative journalist and if you have any intention of remedying this situation you need to make your intentions clear to us here at Kickstarter via an appropriate update by August 1 or a PR campaign demonstrating your willful intent to defraud the Kickstarter backers will begin. Every tech editor, blog and print media outlet covering the VR space will know of your actions. A media alert will go out to every venture capital and angel investor outlining your misleading statements and mismanagement of funds and your intent to continue soliciting funds under false pretenses. And it seems his sound file was deleted as well. <url>"Louise" was today. where is the update? where are the refunds? Amateurs! Ignoring us is not a solution for your problems. There isn't one. It's too late. Give us our money back and let us go on our separate ways. Guys how is the vrase dedicated website coming up? I can't wait to promote it. Nothing like that is going to happen unfortunately. In the phone conversation I posted miguel said that there are already Chinese copies of their product using their name, but I am yet to see even one. Some of them is using vArse name just as a keyword but how they can call it a copy? They are aware out criticism yet they do not come here to try to make it even. We have to stay tuned, they are working hard day and night and they are spending personal savings into this project... meh. Gonna enjoy my DK2 with 75hz and low persistence a little bit more. Late as ANTVR might end up being, I think i'd still feel better seeing the pictures in that update of people actually working on prototype equipment, etc. than just more photos of the "vrAse team" partying at trade shows all over the world on our money. @Brian - if you are aware that this is a DK, and it does not bother you and yet you are interested in VR - it's absolutely worth getting it, even if you are not planning to develop anything on it... Experience wise, there is nothing else on the market that will give you the same immersion/kind of presence as DK2. It's out for about a week and each day there is more and more content published. Keep in mind that mobile VR can only handle media playing and some very simple games, even on the best highend phone currentl released. That's all. Mobile VR is just a gimmick as of now, but to fully experience DK2 you need to keep in mind that you need a decent "gaming" rig. Today I ordered a Cardboard kit, and two different versions of the Neje headset that has been making the rounds on DealExtreme (NE-K9 & LJ-01). I'll give reviews as soon as they become available. Even though some of it is shipping from overseas I'm sure it will arrive before vrAse gets anything together. @Chris So you would say the DK2 kit is worth the investment even at this early stage? I have no interest in (or ability to) develop anything for it and I know the available options are limited, but I'd say DK2 is gonna be pretty compatible with the retail stuff that's upcoming. my indiegogo project finished last week - placed the order with the manufacturer on Friday. what are these guys doing? This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. 4 days since "Louise" last logged into KS. No response to polite emails I have sent recently. It's clear they have abandoned the backers completely. Fuming. I don't see why we shouldn't report them. Serioulsy considering. @Brian Overman, thanks for the link www.actionfraud.police.uk. I do think everybody who wants their refund should use it to force vrAse make any movements What happened? We got scammed, miguel and his team with their families spent money on holidays. You can have a look at their public Facebook profiles, before they change their privacy settings. miguel already hide most of his stuff. WHAT THE F!?!?!?!? Knock knock! AntVR has updated their campaign. Like I said from the very beginning, they will not be able to produce kits on their scheduled time. Lying about delivery date is one of the first things to achieve a "successful" campaign. <url>£100 for when i get money back through bank for this. fov wise in particular. @Peter "Believe me that some will make it their mission to ensure that you will not have a successful business in the future no matter where you are" Yep. And I'm one of those. With years as an investigative journalist and technical writer in the venture capital industry I am fully prepared to get my $50 worth of vengeance. As recent proud owner of KickstarterScam.com, I am a little bit crazy and have nothing better to do with my life than make sure every tech editor and venture capital fund in the world has easy access to evidence outlining this company's misleading practices. vrase.kickstarterscam.com goes live August 2. This is getting painful to watch. Team should at least put their designs on the Unity asset store. That way at least Chris could enjoy using a virtual vrAse via his occulus Dk2... ;) ;) I give them until 1st of August as well. Team! Don't forget that the people who supported you are turning against you one by one due to your disgusting way of handling them. Believe me that some will make it their mission to ensure that you will not have a successful business in the future no matter where you are or which rock you hide under. GIVE US OUR MONEY BACK! Your clock is ticking... @Brian You aren't the only one. While I'm unfortunately screwed due to using my debit card, I would advise those who have the ability to do so. The hammer is going to be dropped. VrAse team, it would be in your best interest to refund the backers here to help reduce the onslaught of negative publicity due to come. If there is no update or solution by August 1 I will report fraud to my credit card company and www.actionfraud.police.uk REFUND! REFUND! REFUND! REFUND! REFUND! REFUND! REFUND! REFUND! hate f**** varse-team - have lost trust in kickstarter! R.I.P. vArse, it was fun while it lasted. Just a reminder. <url>#vrAse @kickstarter next update ! ;) I get it now! It was all a joke, hence " ;) ". Still, give my money back. miguel, you had only one job... you could be the older version of Palmer Luckey with your device! miguel, where are your balls? It's almost end of Saturday. I don't believe you have anything to update us. If you do - what are you waiting for? It's weekend, factory is closed. Give me my money back. This is the solution that will satisfy nearly everyone. <url>"SDK" they shipped is pretty poor, and is pretty much a copy of the open source project released by Stefan Welker. They were working on HEXA game, Kickstarter backers were supposed to get it before anyone else, but until today we have only seen like 2-3 screenshots, and maybe 5-10 seconds in video. vArse belongs to the very same category as True Players Gear. Even AntVR is way more serious about what are they doing, and they are way more transparent about it than miguel, even though a lot of people are making fun of their device, and there is a reason for that. It's not the right approach for VR. It's a poor VR fanatic headset, designed for Facebook haters. Just take a look at their updates - <url>#.U82JAjS7Zgg?Utm_rid=70601883&Utm_source=affiliate Can't wait... vrAse team, this doesn't mean I have given up on expecting a FULL refund from you. The people who already bought the item from the link above will not give up pursuing a refund from you. So please don't get delusional and think that since we bought something else, it's all cool and you can keep our money without giving anything for it. NO! That is not going to happen. That's good to read, I'm sure I'll make the leap at some point! I genuinely think there is room for both smartphone based and standalone VR, with the former working as a gateway for the latter - for a few years at least... Does the dk2 do any form of motion capture or gesture recognition at all? Or is it still a case of hooking up a kinnect or using a controller? I really hate that most of the vr games still rely on a controller. I felt Vrase had something going for it with regards to incorporating the camera sensor into their sdk, though unfortunately haven't had time to experiment with it to date... One word will describe it very well. It's UNREAL! :) So smooth, colors are really vivid, it's comfortable to use. There isn't much content available yet, but that is about to change soon. In the meantime I'm testing my previous builds, work as expected. Kudos to Palmer and his team. They worked very hard and you can see the results. Meanwhile, vArse is working on their case for over 2 years now, with no effects at all. <url>#p7740 Btw, how is your Dk2 Chris? I've been really happy with my Vrase prototype tbh. A bit of DIY was needed to improve the small amount of light leakage, keep the lenses in and add some padding around the nose area. However as I've said before, picture quality was much sharper than Dive and build quality much improved. The rest of the cynicism is increasingly justified as the days roll by, but the actual prototype is good. I'm not sure how practical it really is for the team to do, but unless there's a massive surprise in store *soon*, it's surely time to get printing off prototypes for the remaining backers? I don't think it will come this week, or any other week anyway. They are active on Twitter, but not on Kickstarter. There isn't anything nice to talk about. Money is gone, production did not start. If it would be different - they would be showing new models of their "case", instead at TLC they used the very same 3D printed models. Anyone who still want the 3D printed case, please think about it... You probably paid around 100 euros for it, and it's just a prototype. I know people who own the 3D printed case, and it's awful to use - bulky, uncomfortable. It's just a proof of concept. If you want to use your phone for VR better get your refund from the bank and just order one of the cases posted earlier... or wait for Samsung VR. They are partners with Oculus, this guarantees that VR will be done right with them... unlike vArse. Update was meant to be this week. It's Friday and no word yet... Communication I had last week: "Louise Bankhead Jul 17, 2014 Hi Paul, Part of the team is focus on the Lan Party and the others in production. So we are going to take advance of it to wait few days to receive news from production manufacturer. Almost for sure, the update will need to wait until next week. We will make the update whatever the news are good or bad. We know we have lost the confidence with some backers and we are going to offer them a solution as soon as possible. Best regards, vrAse team" Some interesting reading courtesy of Companies House and yours truly: <url>"wireless"! They won't... They will say they invested money, but the investment did not work out. They were very careful to mention that this is not a webshop, you are backing an idea, a project. But me too would like an official refund - and being removed from the backers list. I do not want to be associated with this "project" and "miguel" or "louise bankhead". Either way, I'm very happy! I got a confirmation that my DK2 was shipped and NEJE VR glasses. I wonder what will get here first ;) In the mean time, James Dellow is still actively backing other projects. It's just him and karmeck still hoping in this crap. miguel haven't logged into Kickstarter for over a week, and according to a message posted by one of the backers, an official update is supposed to come this week. Not that I'm waiting for it... but I'm sure it could provide a solid amount of laughter for me. So pretty please. Please just start refunding everybody, because you'll eventually have to do that. There is no way you can have this product in the real world without fulfilling the campaign first. Oculus Rift DK2 already started shipping! At what stage our vArse is? +1 to what Becky said... That people have to spend more money to even look into other options now is horrible. Yes, I've built a few and might just try another build on the market. The continuous subversive attitude has become downright criminal in nature. Thanks, Brian for the articles and how this project so strongly duplicates another. You do not have an obligation? Really? You have already had complaints against your project sent to Kickstarter and I'm sure others as well. Just end this. Send out whatever prototypes (that looking on the market, you are so well overpriced) and be done with it. I'm tired of coming here to listen to people complaints while you sit and choose to ignore them. On July 15th vrAse said: "We know there are some unhappy backers of our project (they let us know everyday in the comment section). Even if they are a minority and we do not have the obligation..." A minority? I don't think so. I am certain that you have at least a majority of unhappy backers. Lies and broken promises do not sit well with people. The people who have been commenting here are very articulate and speak well for the obligation you have to your backers. Both legally and morally, you do have an obligation to all 782 of your backers to fulfill the rewards as promised. Please do so. I have worked with Asian manufacturers. It is not difficult at all to get something like this (especially with no electronic components) manufactured. We literally had CAT6 cable ends manufactured with LED lights built into them for tracking, tiny electronic devices with batteries and everything. and it did not take this long to negotiate a deal. If the next update is not delivered within a week with satisfactory information then this is my next step: Action Fraud is the UK's national fraud and internet crime reporting centre. They provide a central point of contact for information about fraud and financially motivated internet crime. If you've been scammed, ripped off or conned, there is something you can do about it - get in touch with them. To report a fraud you can call Action Fraud on 0300 123 2040, textphone 0300 123 2050 or report it online at www.actionfraud.police.uk. De ja vu. Unbelievable. Nice find! miguel won't say a word for a long time now... I visited the zEyez Comments section. It looks just like this one for vrAse. Including another parallel to vrAse according to one poster from May of this year (2 years after any updates): "You'll notice that the B.S. from Brent Buroff (several posts below) is the first thing posted on these Kickstarter pages that is actually signed by a person. Of course, we had to post it but.... Up till now it's always been "The Team". That was an early on effort to escape culpability, to absolve themselves personally of any responsibility on their part for the failure to deliver as promised. They went into this thing knowing it was not going anywhere." Here is an article from Forbes that shows another headset startup and their slow decent to failure. Note the similarities. They ALSO tried to raise $55,000. They also claimed it was taking so long because they were making the design perfect. "we have been collaborating to design and manufacture Eyez harnessing the same processes and materials that leading technology manufacturers utilize to produce their products. Perfection takes time and money, we have invested both. In order to meet the standards that we’ve vowed to deliver..." then they came back with an update apologizing for not keeping in contact and admitting they had been looking for more investment rather than just the design work they claimed...just like vrAse: "We apologize for the radio silence over the last few months and the fact that we suck at PR, our time has been focused on aggressively pursuing investors to solidify the million plus dollar financing necessary to finish the project and deliver each one of our Backers they’re pledge." And claimed that they didn't want to bother with updates with no information in them as their reason for not staying in contact: "We would like to avoid updates when there is nothing imminent to share." Eventually zEyez refunded those that pre-ordered the device that never came to be because those were real orders. They basically said Kickstarter folks could go to hell and would get no refund because Kickstarter funds were an investment and not an order. Which is likely why the online store never came online. Because they can't take orders and just run off with the money like they did with Kickstarter funds. Taking order for a prodcut that does not exist is outright fraud. Whereas starting a kickstarter to finance your travel budget is just fine. Expect our story to end the same. Since it obviously followed exactly the same path as vrAse so far. <url>"their" in the second paragraph brings shame upon me and my family. :) Nice find Peter! Unfortunately our fraudsters are playing an international game of intrigue here to avoid prosecution. They claim their point of origin is Louise Bankhead in Edinburg, UK, when in fact the whole thing is a project of a company called Eyedak which is actually in Spain and uses someone's apartment as an address in Scotland for the UK address. As I'm sure Chris would be happy to point out to you Bankhead is entirely invisible here. Never appears in any photos with the team. Never at any trade shows. No response is ever signed by her or any individual (always "vrase team") so no one individual is culpable and no one court has jurisdiction. But I'm really glad someone is starting to do this. Kickstarter, Indigogo and FundAnything, etc. ALL need to operate as if they are seeking investments from the public because that's what they are doing. Their are so many laws to protect those who invest large sums from being fed false information, lies and bad promises. But when it comes to market level consumers these people are able to solicit millions of dollars in some cases but since it is only $20 at a time or whatever no one takes the losses of the consumers seriously (or the demand of the investors to be informed how their money is spent). In the last post here int he comments section even the "vrAse team" said they didn't feel obligated to update us about anything. The arrogance of just posting "we do not have the obligation" should alone indicate to the backers that whoever these folks running Eyedak are have no commitment whatsoever to actually following through with their promises. Their plan all along was take the money, spend it on a gamble of seeking more investment from a few 3D printed prototypes shopped at trade shows and hope for the best. They never ever had a plan of producing a product for us unless it happened as a side-effect of them accidentally getting additional venture capital or a licensing deal. <url>#.U9AKOvldV8F Chris, I posted my request on the page purposely... I am going to contact them privately as well. Thanks. Peter, my advice - send them a private message asking for refund, keep a copy of it, and on the very same day already ask your bank to refund your money... as vArse denied everyone a refund so far. So do not waste anymore time than you already did and just contact your bank directly. You're welcome! :) Ok bought my own;) <url>#.U82JAjS7Zgg?Utm_rid=70601883&Utm_source=affiliate Now vrAse team! I would like to get a full refund please for the reasons of: -you were unable to deliver anything after months of delay -you failed to communicate with us completely, ignoring everyone here. I don't think that my request is unreasonable. I have given you chance(in fact we all have given you a lot of chances to prove yourself) but you neglected us completely, so please have the decency and give us our money back. You can't keep it since you have nothing to show for it. Love, Peter I just want to confirm that I also ordered the very same headset. I got charged 29 euros with free international shipping. It should arrive I think in first week of August... There is not a single way vArse could potentially beat this product. Here is how our money was spent by the team: <url>#.U82JAjS7Zgg?Utm_rid=70601883&Utm_source=affiliate for 36usd free shipping. Now I want a refund here Sent to Louise Bankhead: "As per our last conversation it only takes "a couple weeks at most" to receive a design patent. If you indeed have had a final design long enough to be in the midst of negotiations with a manufacturer for "longer than you expected" then why can't you show us pictures of the final design? You must have had a complete design for a "couple of weeks" at least to be this far into negotiating a manufacturing contract. A manufacturer can not provide you with a quote or negotiate terms on a product that they do not have the design for. If you have the design why have you not applied for the design patent as you said months ago you were working on? If you do have the design patent why no pictures to prove you have a new design?" Turns out the author of that Forbes.com article is Peter Diamandis (CEO of XPRIZE...the company that offered $10 million for first private spaceflight). I wrote Mr. Diamandis a letter updating him on the status of this Kickstarter campaign and the text is as follows for other who may be interested in sending these types of letter to editors and writer who are spreading the false information that vrAse had a "successful" Kickstarter campaign. Your recent blog post at Forbes.com mentions the smartphone-powered VR headset from vrAse was "just funded" on Kickstarter. I would like to point out that it was funded back in October of last year and the project itself claimed it had a final design and promised delivery by November of last year. Though we have not had any updates at all in over two months, various updates throughout the course of the Kickstarter campaign have claimed they were placing orders. In personal messages they would claim to be expecting delivery of manufactured components, etc. In the last update though they admitted they did not have a final design, a design patent on the product or even a manufacturer willing to produce the units and had in fact been instead working on a tour of trade shows to get additional financing in hopes of being able to produce the product. A visit to the Comments section of their Kickstarter campaign will reveal over a hundred backers requesting (and being denied) refunds based on the misleading nature of the campaign, the repeated updates containing outright lies about the progress of the device and now the complete abandonment of updating the Kickstarter funders at all. <url>"successful" Kickstarter campaign when in fact what they have done is successfully lie and bilk financing from small uninformed investors who have no recourse to recoup their funds, unlike other angel or venture capital investors who are able to demand an accounting for their investment. A successful Kickstarter campaign includes actually producing a final product, not just reaching a financing goal. Of course the funders understand that deadlines can be pushed back and it is no easy task to put a new product into production. But there is a significant difference between missing a deadline and saying that you have already placed an order and are awaiting delivery of manufactured components only to come out months later and say you do not even have a final design, let alone someone to manufacture it or an order in place. It should be criminal to seek $60k in investment to produce products that do not exist other than in semi-functioning prototypes and then use the money to pay for travel expenses and trade show fees in hopes of actually getting enough money to produce a final product. Because this is an international company we have no recourse in US courts for our loss in a class action. We have press still reporting this as a "successful" Kickstarter campaign. Kickstarter washes its hands of any culpability after releasing the funds to the campaign creator. Our only recourse thus far has been filing fraud reports to our credit card companies, which has resulted in a number of refunds based on the credit card companies investigations of the claims made by the Eyedak (the parent company of the vrAse) product. You are a great writer, entrepreneur and a hero of mine based on the cutting edge projects you are a part of. In the future I encourage you to visit the "comments" section of crowdfunded campaigns you report on to determine if they are in fact successful or just successful at talking people into giving them money. IN this case what you have is a product that WOULD have been a good product and competitive in the market if it were released when it was supposed to have been (November 2013). As Durovis Drive and other similar headsets have already come to market in the meantime we have found that the biggest problem with smartphone driven headsets is the lack of ability to have any uniform interaction with screen while it is strapped to our face. Even Google Cardboard has dealt with this issue using a washer and a rubber band to create a button. Samsung's VR headset actually includes a mounted trackpad for interaction. This design which is not even complete is already behind the market and is likely DOA for additional investment required to actually end up with a produced final product. They must start again with a v2.0 that includes some sort of method for interaction if they wish to compete in the VR market. So it is unlikely the Kickstarter investors for vrAse will ever see a final product with the money already spent and additional financing unlikely for a product that is already 8 months behind a piece of cardboard from Google as far as design functionality. My email address is XXX and I welcome any additional questions about my experience with vrAse via Kickstarter. I would also happily provide the personal messages I have received from the vrAse team claiming that delivery dates were scheduled, etc. months before they admitted they do not even have a design completed. I know it's unlikely you would update your blog post with this information. But it might save some investors who may consider a VC injection into this company some time and loss to realize they are dealing with a fraudulent company rather than something touted at Forbes.com as the "Coolest Tech This Week." Respectfully; Brian J. Overman Forbes posted something that mentions vrAse. It allows comments. Please everyone join me in telling them vrAse did not "just get funded" on Kickstarter and that we have been lied to and abandoned. <url>"vrAse did not “just get funded” but was actually funded almost a year ago. Kickstarter funders were told we were investing in a final design that would be delivered in a matter of months. As it turns out our Kickstarter investment was used for the vrAse team to tour around the world on a trade show tour to promote the product and seek additional investment and NOT to produce the products we were promised. A simple visit to the comments section of their Kickstarter page would reveal over a hundred of the 700 Kickstarter funders requesting money back based on the lies we have been told and lack of communication. We have been told in multiple updates for a year that they were “expecting delivery” of the manufactured components. Then months later told they didn’t even have the design completed and no orders had been placed. And were finally told in the last update they did not have a finished design, a design patent or a manufacturer but had instead been focusing on seeking additional investment this entire time. We have not had any update at all in well over two months." vRase team! It must be devastating to see that your mystical product that you guard so much is popping up EVERYWHERE on the internet. You are done. Look at the one posted a few comments below. How can you beat that? It has everything that a plastic phone case needs to offer and it is a lot cheaper than your yet to be seen product. I give you credit for trying as for the rest of your performance...nah. By the way, what is stopping team for posting an update here stating that they are waiting for news from manufacturer? As far as I know, posting updates is completely free - so what's the deal here? You can update us now saying you are waiting, and update us again few days later when you get the news. But even that is too much for you.... Thanks Jared, gonna place an order on the LJ-01. Asking for refund is the rightest thing to do in this campaign. If it ever comes out, you can pay for it again, but chances that it will be released are below zero. "Whatever the news are good or bad" - that indicate troubles. A lot of them. Also, they said "next week" many times so don't hold onto it. Thanks Jared! Just ordered the one in the first link Will probably be delivered before the next Vrase update :) Message from 17th July 2014: Hi Ulmer, We are going to make the update next week. We were waiting for some news from the manufacturer, but discussion with them has been longer than what we expected. Whatever the news are good or bad, you will have your update next week. Best regards, vrAse team Remember, just saying vrAse will become the greatest and best thing in the universe, do NOT count as update!! I've pretty much given up hope of ever getting a product from vrase, so I'm looking for a fill in product until one of the major players releases there version. I will not be going to the bank to get a refund, based on the hope that one day vrase might actually be a real product and not just a pipe dream. Also I don't think it's the ethical think to do (even though the team has not showed much in the way of ethics towards its backers) like my mother always taught me, two wrong don't make a right. Just found this<url>#.U82JAjS7Zgg?Utm_rid=70601883&Utm_source=affiliate And they also sell cheap Google cardboard kits <url>"team" is wearing grey t-shirt with their "new" logo... but still there is no word about t-shirts for 7 backers who ordered them. Such professionalism, much secrets. Lies since April 1: "Today, we would like to ask you to join us on the forum. From now, that will be much easier to communicate with you as you will have some members of our staff to discuss with you and answer your questions." Bullshit, the forum is dead, full of spambots, posts are not being accepted and generally, no one gives a F about forum (or vArse) "Truth is, it is quite complicated for us to keep track of all your comments on Kickstarter, so the best way to be in touch regularly will definitely be through the forum." Team has nearly never spoke anything on the forum. "However, before this week is over, we promise you a substantial update." Since campaign has ended there was no substantial update. April 8: "we estimate to have next week a meeting with our factory director and the whole team, to have a look at all things that need to be polished of the final prototype" "final design will be shown first to our KS backers a few weeks before of the official launch; all the team took this decision as a measure to limit as much as we can the copies of vrAse. We´ll be posting news and photos of the whole process in the coming updates. Thanks." KS backers have seen shit since campaign has ended, you only feed us with quotes of famous people. There are no news or pics of the whole process, not at all. May 15: "We are working very hard to get the product as soon as possible. Stay tuned to the next update, we will give important information about the condition of the product." Where is that into about the condition of the product? I know it's DEAD BEFORE ARRIVAL. "The product is already in production phase and have the online store as soon as possible for pre-orders. We will make a update soon." Store is still not open (it takes 2 days max). They did not make an update "soon". "sorry for not taking the time to answer your questions. From now on we will answer." WHAT did you say here?? May 22: "We had our first final design in March. We made a budget with different manufacturers for this design. But some important aspects of it did not work as expected and we had to redo the design and that´s the reason why we had a delay. We understand there was a lack of communication from our side. Now we almost have the final design and we are eager to finish the product and so we all be able to enjoy it." Bla bla bla... "we unfortunately have allocated most all resources to production, design, etc. So It is not possible for us to do refunds until we process all step, then we will have the possibility to say if we have some funds left for refund." You have no funds left, you are actually in debt. "We know the comment section has gone bad because some of our backers are not happy with delay and communication." And these are just selected lies by me from their own comments only, no looking into updates or so.... vArse failed many times, and they apologized for it. Karmeck accepted each one of these apologies. He believes in every single word they say. If they say "soon" then it means soon and we just have to wait. "if vrase had gotten 1m$ I think we would have seen more updates. But now they did not." <url>#comment-6388262 I think this quote says a lot about the way you see Kickstarter, karmeck. Either way, you are very wrong, and I know you've been told that before. karmeck "no lies told"? I do not see how you can possibly say that with a straight face. Pushing back a deadline is not lying. But saying "I promise we will provide updates every week" and hen not providing anything for over 2 months IS a lie. By definition. Saying, "The design is complete and we are just seeking design patent" followed by months later an update that says "we are meeting to finalize the design" is a lie. By definition. That is NOT a mistake. Or a miscommunication. Or a mistranslation. Or a change of plans. They are lies. And whatever reason you may have for pretending this did not happen...you are delusional...and in fact lying for them by saying these things did not happen. Open your eyes and mind. People want their money back, this team denies them this option. They claim they are still working on something... and they can not prove it. So deal with it. I have the very same right to comment as you do. Like it or not, I'm not going anywhere. Chris, Stop being a dick. Love, Everyone else here Fanboyism and fanaticism is still alive I see. Varse team lied to us in every single word. I still remember your golden quote when you said something like the reason why we don't hear from the team is because they did not get million but only 60000... anyone who is interested can still find it. Karmeck is just trolling. @karmeck Seriously what the hell are you talking about! I too am hopeful that at some point we will recieve the product, but seriously to say that 'In a way this is really a properly ran kickstarter' you must either a) work for them or b) be completely delusional. I am happy to deal with delays of a product as I am fully aware that unforseen circumstances arise, but the thing that has made most people angry including myself is with the complete lack of communication from the team and the ignorance that they show towards their backers when we ask questions on here and on twitter. I would be completely happy with the delays had they bothered updating us every month or so but they don't even seem to be able to manage that. They should be open and honest about the problems they are experiencing with obtaining a manufacturer etc as it would help us to understand what they are going through and the problems they are facing and people would get less pi$$ed off at them, but instead they decided that they will just keep quite and keep attending trade shows. This is definitely not a properly run kickstarter campaign and they have lied to us several times, but this clearly went straight over your head. I'm still positive to it all. I can see why they are quiet and I appreciate them even comming here to post with the tone on the discussion here. As I said before, they learned not to promises to much so now they are quiet until the deal is done. So they are doing us a favor not getting our hops up for nothing. In a way this is really a properly ran kickstarter there no lies are told and no ungrounded promises are made. I believe all we were told before that did not happen but did not happen was all told with good intentions but the team has now learned form that. Being a single product and not a game or movie there really are nothing the team can post about seeing they have the fear of being copied. There is nothing to talk about so they are not talking. And if they come here to say something you all bash them. So why say anything? The money thing? Dose not matter with the way you are behaving. Looking at all the available evidence, yes. To get your money back you have to contact your bank and report fraud transaction. Despite many months no progress have been shown, delivery time was in February 2014, now is "in few months" (again). Report it all and I bet you will get your money back very quickly. Worked for me, worked for others. Ok, so what is the deal with this project, did we all just get ripped off? If so, how have people gotten their money back? And Twitter: @ vrAse_live when approximately will be sold? reply: Hi @ AirLolo23 Thanks for your interest in vrAse! In the coming months it will be ready. Best regards, vrAse IN THE COMING MONTHS??? HA-HA-HA. James Dellow please come back here! I know you are reading this. I don't want your money anymore, I just want your positive energy to spread around. After all it looked like an Apple product earlier this year... and you were so amazed by a piece of 3D print and a pair of lenses taken directly from the Rift. Or maybe you were trolling all the way long? Noice. I'm expecting DK2 by the end of this month, awesome! Facebook 17 hours ago: Adri Gómez Hola! He de decir que ha sido una experiencia que me ha dejado maravillado. He podido probar hoy las gafas de realidad aumentada y sinceramente, te dejan un buen sabor de boca, muy bien presentadas y felicidades a todos por el maravilloso trabajo, estoy ansioso por su salida al mercado, un saludo y seguid asi! Hello! I have to say that it has been an experience that has left me amazed. I could test today reality goggles augmented and sincerely, leave you a good taste in the mouth, very well presented and congratulations to everyone for the wonderful work, look forward to the market, a greeting and follow as well! :) (Translated by Bing) vArse answer: Muchas gracias por tu comentario Adri! Nos alegra que hayas disfrutado de la experiencia! Un saludo, vrAse Thank you very much for your comment Adri! We're glad you enjoyed the experience! Regards, vrAse So much respect for the backers. Has anyone else noticed that they removed ALL signs of Kickstarter on their promo materials? They cut us off completely. They don't want other people to find out about what we are talking here... On the other hand I'm really surprised that they are still trying to pull this thing together - after cashing the money, they should be gone far far away. Instead, they are wasting it on the expos... What a waste of money! I would be less pissed if you actually used that money for your own holidays :D But this... trying to get investors? No one is stupid enough to back this in 2014. I read it at the office Brian, and I laughed harder than I should. Thank you for that. Karmeck - hope do you currently feel about the project and team? Are you still positive? Omg look at this image revolutionary new info in the center of this image : <url>"He weathered the f'ing diet" But it does end with the interviewer saying "Thank you very much for nothing." Which I thought you would find amusing. Paul I also thought that we were getting the prototype designs when I first gave them money. The reason of course is because that's basically what was advertised. They showed two different versions ready to go. We choose a model and which phone and they send it to us. This additional year of "creating the perfect design" and "protecting it from copies" was never talked about at all until after they cashed in the money from Kickstarter. New video is up <url>"working hard on perfecting" a design that is antiquated because it has no input so it is already been made obsolete by a piece of cardboard, a rubber band and a washer that is available on Amazon for $19.99. I know they hate hearing from us here, but these are harsh truths they must be made aware of. We can't hide form the fact that the timeframe for a successful product with these specs has already passed. All that said I do NOT want a refund. I want a 3D printed one delivered to me. Just send a protoype that has strangers sweat from trade shows. Something. Because at this point you should have already produced the product and be "working hard on perfecting" v2.0 that has some sort of trackpad, button, joystick nub or something that can either plug or bluetooth connect to the phone. Again it's so weird that something can become obsolete before it is even produced but it's true. Even though VR headsets that use phones don't even have a space in the market yet, other teams have already understood that strapping a phone to our face with no uniform method to control it isn't enough. Comment in last update 14th May 2014 "At the moment, we are negotiating with one of the most important and well known manufacturers on the market." Most recent communication over 2 months later: "vrAse team is focusing now on closing a deal with a big manufacturer, we have been speaking with them for a long time and now it is the moment to make and sign a contract." Comment from original Kickstarter campaign which told us you already had a manufacturer on board: "he manufacturers we are dealing with have large facilities, are able to produce 10,000 units a week, if necessary, and a demonstrated track record of high quality production for major consumer brands in US and Europe." So... Are you dealing with the same manufacturer as from the beginning of the kickstarter and if yes how can you still be negotiating after almost a year? If its a new manufacturer why the change? What are the problems with negotiations? At the same time you say you are negotiating with manufacturer you are attending various expos to demo the 3D printed version, why? Reading between the lines there is no manufacturer yet who has accepted the deal. Possibly because you are asking them to produce on faith for a return. I would imagine the money has run out and the expos are to gain further funding for manufacturing. If I or any of the other backers are wrong please provide substantial information to prove it. Maybe we are failing to meet vrAse on their terms... perhaps we should be utilizing translate.google.com for our messages? <url>#auto/es/Maybe%20we%20are%20failing%20to%20meet%20vrAse%20on%20their%20terms...%20perhaps%20we%20should%20be%20utilizing%20translate.google.com%20for%20our%20messages%3F Tal vez estamos fallando en cumplir vrAse en sus términos ... tal vez deberíamos estar utilizando translate.google.com para nuestros mensajes? For real this time? Nah, you tricked me in October, but please, for your own good, don't finish this. Your prime time is over, vArse is dead on arrival (and even before that). You won't be able to compete. You were closing deals with manufacturers several times already. Is there NOTHING else to reveal to us? You have huge balls to say things like that. Really. I think about you everyday too :) I am very unhappy, and we are not minority. I really hope to see you guys go down the long way, you fully deserve this. I am doing a better job on updating your backers than you do. You promised to improve your communication several times. This is a scam. What happens in next few days? TLP will be over, and you will keep spamming us with people holding vArse to their face not using the strap, you will present the very same 3D printed crap, you will be using the very same Durovis Dive by Stefan Welker apps. You will continue to ignore to tell us about louise bankhead. Miguel, you are travelling around the world. Are you such a busy person to ignore all the facts? Grab some popcorn, tomorrow will be a spam fest by vArse... Surely they will keep tweeting with popular tags as they do now to gain attention. vrAse @ vrAse_live · 22m Are you ready for the biggest technology event of the year? Tomorrow begins! @ TLPTenerife # vrAse # vrAseTLP14 # TLP2014 Retweeted by vrAse Dejense Ver @ Dough Ever · 1h In the @ TLPTenerife can enjoy @ vrAse_live as @ ismalp1 a demo Why so quiet here? You're a pitbull Chris, keep posting your research about the project. At least you give us updates! ;-) Just found a new video with vArse, however, there is absolutely nothing new that we did not know before. Looks like team is shipping around some old 3D printed prototypes to VR press around the world... <url>ásate por nuestro Stand a partir de mañana y participa en los concursos que tenemos preparados via Twitter. Más info sobre el evento aquí: <url>"soon"... So let's just wait. What other options do we have? Oh yeah, REPORTING SCAM PROJECT DIRECTLY TO YOUR BANK - this is THE ONLY WAY to get YOUR MONEY BACK! On the other hand... Cmoar, the project similar to vArse just restarted their campaign here on Kickstarter... but I don't like it. Their first goal was 200,000 GBP, now they "only" need 60,000 GBP... I leave this up to you, but I don't like the way this looks. Officially two months with no update. Very disappointing. Nice to know that Stevens! Congratulations! There are more of us who were lied to and scammed by the almighty miguel schiaffino tienda. I hope soon they will follow our steps! "Miguel Schiaffino ‏@nanotubo We keep on pushing hard with @vrAse_live project! go go go!! #persistence is the mother of all great goals #accomplished " 30 June, 2014 "pushing hard"... dude, you need to stay fit! Push harder! "A lie repeated often enough becomes the truth." For now I got my money back via the creditcard company. They gonna investigate this project and Vrase gets the chance to come with evidence. I hope you all contact your credit card company to make a statement against Vrase and their lack of communication! Team! You should read the message from Chris below! Gain some decency and offer a refund to those who asked for it. From the survey its almost 100 people. Also the comments here should be a wakeup call for you. If you cared about your backers even the slightest, you would try to make things right. You don't... in return don't hope for ANY sympathy from us. You don't deserve it. Guys, do you remember Virtuix Omni - Kickstarter project? It just got another delay, which I'm not surprised at all.. but Jan said something interesting in the email: "We apologize for this delay and for any inconvenience we are causing. We are committed to not cutting any corners, and the extra time is used to provide you with a quality product and Omni experience. If, however, this delay is unacceptable, we are able to process a refund of your order upon request." Learn from better than you, "team". Miguel, what's wrong with you? You keep posting useless stuff on Twitter yet you can't update us for nearly _2 MONTHS_ . 6 hours ago @ Twitter A new discovery for extremely high-resolution and low-energy thin, flexible displays!! <url>"guard" it like they invented a miracle product.In fact it's nothing more than a piece of plastic with 2 lenses and a strap. I would like to thank the vRase team for presenting a fine example on why I should think twice before I back any project in the future. I am not talking about their failure in delivering what they promised but about all the lies and their failure on a personal level. I doubt they got their tshirts. In one of the comments miguel said everyone will get his perks at the same time (could be 2017, but I'm optimistic and I'm sure it will be early 2016). From this short video Greg I learned more about you and your product than for an entire year from vArse. That sums it up. I hope hardcore supporters like Karmeck will get extra perks. Well deserved! Has anyone seen Cmoar? <url>"Hello everyone! As you know exciting news are coming but we can not publish the update yet as we have to close some things first! Stay tuned Regards, vrAse" Not even a single detail about shipping dates? Too bad. lol silly me, sorry Chris. Seen just seen you have posted already. Interesting that the guardian also refers to success of Vrase though... <url>#vrAse @kickstarter next update ! ;) 4 days ago @ comments: (...) we are going to make an update with really exciting news soon. It is important to us first to confirm these news, so later we can make the update with confidence. You tweeted your message with confidence. You posted your comment with confidence. Is there nothing that we should know about? You said many times that you have learn that communication with us is important and that we would like to have an update each week, you promised us that. Where the hell is new design? What is the final specification? When do you start shipping? What's causing the delay now? When will you start giving refunds? When does the official vArse store opens? Are you still working hard? Please, answer at least to one and I'll be impressed. Very interesting. So it has an internal housing connected to the smartphone side that allows adjustment for focal distance to the screen. I had made the durovis build with the larger lenses without that option. Might try to deconstruct so as to add that feature. Thanks for the link! I can't tell if you are being serious or sarcastic Brian. ;) <url>#detail "The reason why we are not showing the design is the fear that somebody copies all the innovation we are working on, even prior the product launch." Just found some new pictures of Davyci - the product that vArse team with Louise Bankhead and Miguel Schiaffino Tienda claims to be a copy of vArse. I wonder if you are going to sue them and Google Cardboard for stealing your ideas. As for Davyci, it looks pretty solid and seems to have way bigger lenses than Durovis. Doesn't seem very pricey either - around 32 euros. The Big Reversal After re-reading the email I received from vrAse several times after posting it here, and taking into consideration some of the others that were posted...I am beginning to feel that maybe it is a matter of a language barrier. I am beginning to think that maybe these guys are working really hard on patenting a design for a complicated multi-part system with inerchangeable components for custom fit for various devices. Maybe it will be more than what cardboard can provide. Maybe they are gonna surprise us really soon. With a wonderful amazing product. That I'll have first. Because I backed them here at kickstarter. 4 hours ago @ Facebook Great project of iLoveTheWorld with vrAse! Thanks for the support I Love Santa Cruz. <url>“Glasses that allow to connect and to see a mobile phone short-distance”. The glasses are constituted of several together designed parts separately and that when working allows to enjoy all capacities an accessible way, comfortable, portable and lasting of such form that allows to connect a mobile phone to the same. It is obtained so they can turns the images of the screen of the telephone without needing using the hands, solving many of the disadvantages of the mobile phones, and contributing new opportunities of use the same. Consequently, the present invention proposes portable and light equipment, that allows to use the mobile phone by means of some special lenses that, located between the eyes and the telephone, facilitate to correctly see the image of the same according to the needs of the user and/or application, allowing therefore seen of the telephone in conditions of darkness and/or the clarity. Also equipment can be made of modular way, allowing to change the pieces in case of breakage, or to add additional functions the same, such as panoramic, three-dimensional and/or stroboscopic effects. The main function of equipment is to extend the image of a mobile phone, at the same time as it allows to use the telephone like device of increased reality, virtual reality and seen of videos. All this creating a great sensation of immersion in the seen one of the previous shares. The creators of vrAse look for allies to fortify their international development and commercialization with which to establish licensing agreements. <url>#more-10603 Google Translated: "The system is in the process of internationalization under the cover of the international application by the PCT No. 14/070 338 and entitled "Glasses that can be fitted and see a short distance a mobile phone." What does it mean? February 13, 2014 My name is Francisco, one of the co-founders of vrAse. I understand your feeling, I have been a backer too and I know what it is the waiting. I please ask for time and understanding. You have to understand that we are a small team, and we are creating a product and a business at the same time. As well, that it is the first time we develop a product like vrAse and there are hundreds of new things come in on every day. We have learnt how important the communication it is, and even if we though that you would prefer us to be working as much as possible, we are willing to make more updates and be more in contact with you. I read the comments and realized that people speak about other devices, but you do not know yet how vrAse is going to be. We are not going to deliver you a prototype or a product that fall a part, neither something that looks ugly or it is not think to be better. We are going to deliver you the BEST HMD for Smartphones, with the best optics, with the best range of vision and the most amazing desig. And this take time. Please, give us some time and we promise not to disappoint you. Thank you very much in advance! Best regards, Francisco J. @Brian Thanks for the info Brian, at least we can all stop complaining now as the vrAse team have comfirmed that we'll all be receiving our units in May or june at the latest so that's great news. Oh wait, but isn't it July already....... March 6, 2013 Hi Brian, Thanks for your email. We have not problem answering all your questions. We have the patent of the product, and what we mean with "protect from copies" is the patent design. We want to protect our design so another company cannot just copy what we have done in 1 year. The process of registering will take few weeks and no more than that. The prototypes we use to show the concept are printed with our 3D printers. It only a way to make demonstration and show what vrAse can do. We are entering vrAse (the device you will received) into production. We have an approximate delivery time frame. It is shorter than making the delivery in May/June, but as we have learnt, in business there are always delays, problems, mistakes, misunderstanding... that can be translate in more time to manufacture. So we prefer to stablish May/June so whatever happens we can be on time. The only product we are going to manufacture is the final units that you will received, nothing else. The orders are going to be send separately because is faster. We are now discussing the contract with different companies. We would like to thank you for your support and apologies for the lack of communication. The team has understood that you want to be inform in every moment and we promise to makes updates every week or so. But any other question you want to ask please do not hesitate to send us a private message. Best regards, vrAse team Robert Morris Jun 22, 2014 Dear sir/madam, I am writing to you to again request a full and complete refund of the $116.85 I paid you for the vrAse headset that was due to be delivered in February of this year. To date you have ignored all my communications and inquiries about the status of my pledge. Please respond by 09:00 GMT (UTC) June 24th 2014. Thank you. With regards, Robert Morris --------------------------------------- Louise Bankhead Jun 23, 2014 Report Spam Hi Robert, We are sorry to hear that. Unfortunately we cannot make any refund yet. The reason is that the money from Kickstarter has been arrange to production cost. If things changes we will let you know. Best regards, vrAse team Based on the vrAse team roster, it seems reasonable to assume that English is not the native language for any of the members; so some leeway can be given for grammatical and lexical mistakes. However here is the definition of "Production" from the definitive Oxford English Dictionary: ---------- The action or an act of producing, making, or causing anything; generation or creation of something; the fact or condition of being produced. specifically The action or process of making goods from components or raw materials; the manufacture of goods for sale and consumption. ---------- That is a clear and simple definition of what it means to produce - not research, not develop, not design, not sell - something. So the question is: Did Miguel and Louise deliberately lie and mislead their investors, or could this situation be a result of poorly written messages. I would like to invite everyone that had a private communication with Louise and Eyedak to post the entirety of their communiques - good and bad - here for posterity and review. @Karmack I am all for being positive and giving people a chance but what Chris, Brian and others, even those that were supporters like myself are now displaying as fact is that we were lied to. That's the key thing here that cannot be disputed by anyone. I myself would have been happier if the vrase team had been honest in correspondence, ie things aren't going well, trouble with manufacturing etc etc. But no, everything has been going great and non vrase tech throughout the world is progressing great too. In all honesty I want vrase, I want a device that promises what they say but if another manufacturer brings something out first (samsung) which I would bet will happen first then all these posts will die quickly along with vrase team supporters backing and along with vrase itself. If only they had the for sight to get in there first and grab a backer like facebook as oculus did.... In reality the business world is a cut throat place where big boys play hard and win. Kickstarter was introduced to allow the small 'honest'guys with good ideas a chance with the trust if public backing. Where vrase have failed is in keeping trust. I'm sorry but 'offensive comments' they refer to are in some cases true. The new update will have to be minfblowingly great to get confidence and trust back. Could not wait any longer and decided to give cardboard a try. I used a laser to cut the cardboard and put Note 3 inside together with a pair of lenses from a local shop. They work quite well! Note 3 is too big for this box, so I will be trying to scale it properly, and I will use thinner cardboard. Looks promising so far! The screen door is rather noticable on pictures, you do not really notice it when you have it close to your eyes. <url>"Offensive comments" perhaps would not be here if you started giving refunds to those that you lied to. Karmeck - I think you better start spreading happiness on official forums. We are not as blind as you are. If they have nothing to confirm NOW, then what's the point of announcing "good news" before they are even confirmed? Please. Grate to hear from ya team. Looking forward to the grate uppdate. I ccan understand they wanting to wait to tell us anything. What you described Brian is soothing they told you before they had all the facts and necessary confirmations. They clearly state here that they don't want to do that again. They have learned from their mistakes. Now be a good sport and appreciate that. The problem is that you call us catching you in lies and discussing them in a public forum as "offensive comments." You are offended that we talk about the lies you have told throughout this campaign? And we should feel bad and just go back to private messages where you can lie to us individually without being caught by us comparing notes or comparing what you tell us to what you post in updates? The comments section has not gone bad because of "delay and communication" but because you LIED. A delay is "manufacturer got the wrong specs there will be a delay." Communication is "sorry the update is late." A LIE is a private message saying you are waiting on a delivery date confirmation from the manufacturer in MARCH then stating in JUNE you don't even have a final design or a chosen manufacturer. Ah sorry, I meant that to another team that I'm supporting of course! Miguel you lied to us since day one, you lie to us in private messages, you lie in the comments section too. Why did you post here today? We haven't heard from you for a month, we would do just fine without hearing from you for another month. Don't tell us about working hard - whatever you have to confirm yet, your time is over. You heard from us on Twitter, Facebook and your forums yet you decided to stay quiet. Therefore without any significant info please continue to do so. My eyes are literally bleeding now. I backed a project ready to be produced, not r&d or your holidays or your tech shows. You failed to deliver a lot of things. It's suicidal to have confidence with you. Did you write it all on behalf of Louise Bankhead too? Keep up the good work! /grabs popcorn The intrawebs holds it's breath in anticipation of Chris' response... ;) Louise Miguel just logged into Kickstarter account. Is update coming today team? Are you going to refund each and everyone? Sure Brian, a fair point - was commenting in light of my own experience. March not May. My fault. They told me in MARCH they had already placed the order with the manufacturer. "The existence of prototypes suggests to me they are not maliciously defrauding people and are attempting to deliver." Unfortunately the proototypes existed BEFORE we gave them our money. The existence of ONLY prototypes after all this time means exactly the opposite of what you are saying. I asked nicely for a sweaty 3D printed prototype that had been used in trade shows or anything at all for the money I'd invested in this company but in May was told it was no big deal since they had already sent the final design to the manufacturer and would be assembling the parts and sending me my device in a month or so and they just didn't want to say it would be delivered in June in an update in case anything happened. Imagine my surprise when the update several months LATER said that they were still looking for a manufacturer and meeting to discuss what they final design would be. Sure sounds like maliciously defrauding to me. I have a prototype because I negotiated with the vrAse team in order to obtain it in time for an art competition I was a finalist in. This was on the condition I promoted it at the event and means I've given up any claim to the final product... Showing understanding and being nice to people sometimes gets better results, though at this point I totally empathise with everyone's frustration, even yours Chris! I really hope the VrAse team pull through with this and everyone gets what they paid for soon. The existence of prototypes suggests to me they are not maliciously defrauding people and are attempting to deliver. Where as I get why people are pissed off especially now it is summer, I'm not sure your campaign to get everyone to hassle their banks for a refund is likely to result in a positive result for the majority. I saw your Tweet and posts on Facebook Alex. They are very careful with answering to anything. They never say any dates, it's always 'in few weeks' or 'soon'. Let's face the truth, even Google beat vArse. They produced a very cheap option for VR content and also provided SDK to work on apps. vArse also released SDK but I am yet to see anyone using it. As for the forums... We should never have to go there to find latest info - we Kickstarted this. They can contact us here. They have chosen to retweet what Marcus Dyer tweeted - one of the backers. I understand why he is overly positive now, looks like he owns 3D printed prototype! <url>… vía @gsmarena_com Still no date for vArse, despite logging into Kickstarter today... Chris, that's a totally fair assessment. I don't know anything about your private conversations and what your arrangements finally ended up being. Sorry for stepping into something that's none of my business. Brian, you are presenting only part of the story. Privately, we both agreed for refund in a certain way. After giving him my data first he said he is too busy to send the money, and then he stopped replying to my emails, yet he is active on Kickstarter. I don't know if he is a good or bad guy - one thing for sure, he can't look at the project the way it is, and he did not send any money to me. As for getting your money back, it's super easy. Just contact your bank and tell them that team is unable to deliver anything, and the deadline was in February. No refunds available either. Robert Morris got his refund within a day - so just give it a try, you have nothing to loose :) Kickstarter has nothing to do with the project once they release the money. You can contact them, but you won't achieve anything. Hey Chris, I don't really want to say what was talked about but to answer your question no I didn't. I don't think he's a bad guy, and it's not really hos responsibility to refund us because of Vrase wrong doing. I've pretty much given in to the fact that Vrase has stolen our money. Even if we did get a product it's to late. I would like my money back though haha. If they don't deliver a product is there any way to get money back or get Kickstarter onto it? @Chris I agree with you about the state of the Kickstarter. I'm probably just about equally angry about the lies, etc. And just as confused as you are about people rallying behind them and just ignoring the fact that we have been misled. You won't be "wrong" nor James Dellow right if they finally do end up getting something together. But the reason they were able to do it is the took a gamble with our money. They spent it travelling around to shows trying to seek investors and lying to us about what they were actually working on. If they hadn;t found an additional investor or licensing partner during that tour the company would have gone bankrupt and they would never have sent anything. Anybody who has had contact with these people should be able to analyse that information (the differences between what we were told in private vs. updates vs. what actually happened alone is sufficient to deduce purposful dishonesty). So while I agree with you on that, it's things like your reworking of what happened on your refund with Dellow that drive me nuts about you. I know I should stay out of it because attracting your attention will result in online verbal punishment but nonethless I felt someone should at least remind us that what you said is not what happened with Dellow. He offered you a refund, They set up a deal with the owners that he would receive the device if he refunded you and you said no. You insisted you both wanted your money back AND the opportunity to have the device sent to you before it went to Dellow. You shouted again and again about how he had to "trust" you or you didn't "trust" him. But let's just be honest...you want the same thing we do, to play with one of these little plastic pieces of crap that should have been sent to us from a 3D printing a long time ago just to shut us up. He shouldn't have to give you money and then wait for you to send him the device. If you even decided to. The "ghost" of that conversation is here on this board for anyone willing to scroll through all the BS to find it. But there is really no reason to still be calling him out as if he did something wrong. The only thing he did wrong was disagree with you and try to offer you some consolation prize for your extreme level of dissatisfaction. Jared Mayfield, I want to ask you if you had any success contacting James Dellow? Did he pay you to take your unit? He offered me a refund, and after giving him my data he stopped responding... yet he is active in other Kickstarter projects. His ghost is here on the board, but I guess he is waiting for the promised update so can come back and say HE was the right one.. ;) Google released there cardboard VR not long ago and these guys made it even easier and cheaper to give it a try. I purchased one and if anyone else is interested here is the link <url>#.U6_AEPmSwkU @Karmeck, All I want is my money back. I don't want their project anymore...If it ever will leave the prototype stage! While vArse is sitting quietly and just recommends everyone to register at their forums, Durovis Dive is actually making some progress! They received the Tango and attached it to Dive. <url>"Having some fun with @edans & @vrAse_live yesterday #GCTIC ...Great guy! Big thanks to @GranCanariaCab !! pic.twitter.com/BMZWGqfmgZ " <url>#vrAse @kickstarter next update ! ;) (<url>"In the back stage of vrAse there is an incredible team of humans!, yes those things that feel, love, hear, do crazy things and take care of the things they love. And…oh boy! We love vrAse!. Why?, well, it boils down to a couple of things; first we know that we are building a very special thing, and second we want to do self-test in the highly competitive world of tech. Yes we are small!, but think about it… whom do you think will move fast enough to innovate and get there first?, a big, corporation, or a small, and focused team of talented people like vrAse?. Yeahh! we are fast, good at it and also feel highly motivated because we know everything we do as a team really counts. We have developed a concept and a product that is in our opinion, the best in the world, so we are focusing on everything else that will make it work… it seems that the best way to do it is start from scratch and do everything backwards. Why we love this calculated risk?; we have nothing to lose, others do (big time). We also are sure we´ll screw up many things, many times … but who is perfect? not us that´s for sure, that´s why in the first place started building one product that will be very affordable, so nobody will regret it in case another “big thing” comes along. Eventually everyone ends up in the same place, so why not try to make at least one thing really special in your life?. How have we done it so far?: First, we have given up on relying on old business models, so we formed a team of people without experience, and therefore, without preconceptions, just guided by common principles established by The Jefe. Sounds counterintuitive? Yes it is, but as long as you have a basic set of knowledge, everything else is just hard work and motivation. All of us have different backgrounds, and most of us got sold the idea by trying the first prototype and knowing who was behind the idea. Our way of thinking is a little different, and all ethical principles being naturally 'normal' are almost shocking to other companies. Also this can´t get in the way of YOU enjoying vrAse, so in the most humbling manner we try to be, at the same time, the most transparent as possible (without being invisible). So with all of this said, we invite you to travel with us, in this incredible journey to implement de device that we think will change the way the world uses the information forever!." I love this quote - "the most transparent as possible (without being invisible)." - hell you are invisible.. but not invincible! On the same day in dev corner you said: " Developers Devs!…you already know the drill; a new product, a new platform, a new nightmare!. Well this time you can have our word that´ll be different. Sure coding is always challenging task if you want to be at the edge of technology, nothing new here, but once we launch you´ll be able to reap the benefits of being one of the firsts companies / talented individuals to code special content for vrAse. Now we have very limited slots. Actually we can´t tell you how many, because we don´t even know… it basically depends on how few hours our small team can sleep, so don´t expect big help from us, just a basic set of rules and you are on your way to be one of the first vrAse pioneers. Sounds challenging? It is!. As we are finalizing all the legal and patent stuff, we are only open now to companies / individuals that are able to sign a strick NDA (yes we know, it sucks, but don´t blame us!, we are the good guys here) and are able to provide awesome / original content. If this is the case and you want to be one of our preferred partners, you are invited to get in contact with us. The Jefe will personally review your application and get in touch with your (surely awesome) company / ego to discuss many relevant and irrelevant thing concerning vrAse via skype. Later on we´ll open, far and wide, with many special surprises… but first things first, and maybe for you now is the time. Intrigued yet?." "Why? - Leading platform at launch (Get ready now). - Code for millions or code for others. - Easy (very) to code with. - Expandable platform. - We have struck a special deal with warework.com" "vrAse strong points as a team Small = fast Flat = faster Results oriented = efficient Self-funded = more freedom One product = focused The first product of its kind = motivated Nothing to lose = nothing to fear We love KISS = no fuss team Innovate and protect = patent and commercialize Make up your role = Adapt quickly" You are not fast, you are not efficient, you are not focused, I do not see motivation, you fear to face the truth, your team has big fuss, you can't patent and commercialize stolen ideas, you can't adapt to anything. This is a huge huge failure. Your market scenario includes 700.000 units sold in a first year. You are off by about 699,998 units (one for media and one for James). "The information and recommendations at this document are presented in good faith and believed to be correct, although EYEDAK LTD makes no representations or warranties as to the completeness or accuracy of the information. All the information is supplied upon the condition that the persons receiving same will make their own determination as to its suitability for their purposes prior to use. In no event will EYEDAK LTD be responsible for damages of any nature whatsoever resulting from the use of or reliance upon information from this document or the products to which the information refers. EYEDAK LTD does not warrant the accuracy or timeliness of the materials on this document and has no liability for any errors or omissions in the materials" The 1st edition of the viewer Lakento MVR will be 1,000 units and will be available soon. You can now make your reservation Lakento MVR viewer to the special pre-sale price of 60 € and receive free shipping! You can't see anything but the box. I would stay away from it until there are more information available. For now it seems it's either Durovis Dive or Google Cardboard. Another similar device if anyone is interested <url>#vrAse designates the path and #Google follows it. @vrAse_live #VR #AndroidVR #CardBoard #GoogleIO2014' MY VRASE they designated the path, haha!! To be a leader, Vrase, you actually have to PRODUCE a product, ya know? By the time this thing is released, you'll simply be crawling up Googles' beaten path, behind everyone else. I trust everyone here who is on Twitter shall join me in replying to this Tweet. Sick of waiting for this, I purchased a Refugio 3D a couple of weeks ago, and I am more than impressed, and it works fantastically with the Cardboard app. So I pulled together a list of vArse updates on this campaign. Here is how it presents: 09. September - 11 updates 10. October - 6 11. November - 1 12. December - 1 01. January - 1 02. February - 1 03. March - 2 04. April - 1 05. May - 1 During Kickstarter campaign - 14 updates After KS finished - 11 updates 2013 - 19 updates 2014 - 6 updates 997 visible comments till now, 299 days passed since first campaign day (August 31 2013). 997/299 is 3.33 comments per day. So far I posted 177 comments, which is nearly 20% of all comments. vArse team do not care about launching this project anymore. Update #1 Sep 3 2013 Now vrAse is compatible with every smartphone Update #2 Sep 10 2013 WE HAVE ALREADY REACHED 50%! THANK YOU VERY MUCH! Update #3 Sep 11 2013 OFFICIAL COLLABORATION WITH AETHER AR Update #4 Sep 12 2013 A NEW AND AMAZING WEBSITE FOR vrAse Update #5 Sep 13 2013 Today's essential update! Update #6 Sep 14 2013 UPDATE VISION FAQ Update #7 Sep 19 2013 HELP US SPREAD THE WORD! Update #8 Sep 21 2013 FoV TABLE Update #9 Sep 22 2013 Stretch goals! Update #10 Sep 24 2013 HELLO HOLA ALÓ BONJOUR! Update #11 Sep 25 2013 100% FUNDED TODAY! Update #12 Oct 4 2013 Great news! Update #13 Oct 8 2013 Münich, here we come! Update #14 Oct 13 2013 Last one! Update #15 - For backers only Oct 16 2013 We all did it! Update #16 - For backers only Oct 25 2013 There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure. Colin Powell Update #17 - For backers only Oct 30 2013 “So little done, so much to do”. - Cecil Rhodes Update #18 - For backers only Nov 19 2013 “It had long since come to my attention that people of accomplishment rarely sat back and let things happen to them. They went out and happened to things.” ? Leonardo da Vinci Update #19 - For backers only Dec 12 2013 Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life. -Confucius Update #20 - For backers only Jan 10 2014 vrAse Update New Year Update #21 - For backers only Feb 11 2014 February Update Update #22 Mar 6 2014 MWC and more! Update #23 Mar 19 2014 News from London Update #24 Apr 8 2014 Optical System and vrAseSDK Update #25 May 15 2014 Production and design stage Looking at what they accomplished so far, and their stretch goals, this project was never meant to be finished. Classic bait. its sad projects like this give crowd funding a bad name. I've had successful projects previously > you need to set a realistic delivery time, and if you're late keep in touch with backers. I delivered my project on time, but despite this I was on webcam chatting with people every couple of weeks giving them an update. <url>"Get Amazing Black Boobs Movies Absolutely Free #5811 ! Stay tune for next season !" LOL. "Final" design has been "final" several times according to the team. I remember asking about refunds back in January/February, and that's when Miguel The Scam started talking about assigning money in the production. No matter what I said, the answer was always no. Everything is a lie in this campaign - find 3 things that are real, that should be a challange... @James Dellow - come back here! Support the team! And even the canned response is a lie. That's not the way it works. you CAN NOT have paid for production of an item that you do not have a final design for. No manufacturer will negotiate and accept a manufacture price for parts they do not have a design for. They might give you a quote of what they think it will cost to produce something but that money was not spent on "production cost" since there is no product to produce. Or at least that's what the last few updates have said. So which is the lie? The updates or the canned "no refund" response? The copy and paste says it all really - how many refund requests did they get before they set that shocking disrespectful canned response as their automatic response. Déjà vu! Hi Robert, We are sorry to hear that. Unfortunately we cannot make any refund yet. The reason is that the money from Kickstarter has been arrange to production cost. If things changes we will let you know. Best regards, vrAse team <url>"Hello Paul, We are sorry to hear that. We are actually preparing the monthly update. Unfortunately we cannot make any refund yet. The reason is that the money from Kickstarter has been arrange to production cost. If things changes we will let you know. Best regards, vrAse team" Ian, just contact your bank directly. I don't think there is a bottom limit if you get scammed. Just don't wait any longer and contact them today, including team messages about no refunds and another delay. I got my money back, and it was less than 100 GBP. Don't give up! Yep , tired of waiting ordered DK2 in April. I did some checking and from what I can tell the credit card schemes only cover £100-£30000 fraud/scams (well in the UK that is) under something called "section 75", so I don't think I'll get anything back :-( This long waiting really sucks. I have a durovis dive. But its cheap product. Lenses fall out all the time. And the lenses are to small. Now I'm gonna order the oculus rift dk2. Maybe we will recieve the vrase in the next year... <url>"team" provides us any new substantial update. We already have more comments than backers :) Dongliang, in simple words - YES! But not from vArse directly, but through your bank dispute. Just ask for refund because the team can not deliver what you paid for. Few months of delay, lack of any updates. That should be enough! Do not bother asking Kickstarter directly, as they are not responsible for project itself. Maybe Amazon/Kickstarter will be charged but for us it should not matter - this is something Amazon and vArse will solve on it's own. I did not have troubles getting my money back in such way. I haven't seen this interview before: <url>" What is the Kickstarter money being used for? We want to bring a revolutionary product with the quality it deserves to the market, and we also want to make vrAse affordable, so that many people can enjoy it. We have worked for a very long time and really hard to reach that point where we seek funding to manufacture vrAse in large quantities. These also means some factors as molds, distribution, testing, certificates, etc… " Clearly not happening! :) I don't know how plausible this is, but I'd love to see him behind the bars for scam, along with rest of the "team". can i get my money back? The point of that post was I could use help. vrase at kickstarterscam dot com if you are interested in discussing helping in the creation of a press release, etc. distributed to all of the outlets that have reviewed or published articles about vrase's "successful campaign. Thanks for the research Robert Morris. I have purchased kickstarterscam.com in order to begin publicizing this (and perhaps in the future more) "successful" kickstarter campaign as what it is...successful at bilking investors, but certainly not in fulfilling the commitments laid out at the time of the capital infusion request. <url>"like" are from Spain/Gran Canaria. There are only few people who do not want refund. Everyone else been lied to and lost all the hope in the team - including Alex Warto, judging by his response on Facebook. So, did anyone else apply for bank refund already? How is it going? If you need any help, just ask! I am here to help you to get your money back. <url>"Louise Bankhead" directly several months ago. This was a blatant lie. I was told the final design was submitted for a design patent and it would be complete in " no more than a couple of weeks" also months ago. You picking on Chris' only way to fight back against these liars (messages here) does not change the fact that we have been lied to and swindled. You're pretty bad for a troll. Is Louise your girlfriend to defend the team? They deliver nothing. Heyy Chris…long time!! Let´s check how is your daily dose of trolling ... OMG you are funny!. Of course you have a Durovis and Open Dive…EVERYBODY around here KNOWS that YOU ARE STEFAN WELKER, the guy behind that “a bit outdated” as you say product… Maybe you have another explanation why this is your only backed KS project, and you still managed to made 150+ comments trying to discredit and boycott vrase guys and say how great is your product?? Are you actually scared they actually deliver and you are not able to sell more of you Durocheap?...oh!! so that´s what all this trolling all about?. I smell fear! Come on puppy bark! Bark and troll…bark and troll!! <url>"Hello! Sorry for the delay but it's for a good cause. We will report in the next update, we have scheduled soon! Stay tuned, Regards" Of course it's for a good cause. You would not delay it for a bad cause, would you? Now, how much money left do you have? I don't think there is anything. vArse is not coming out at least for the next 3-4 months. You better start looking for new job, cause when you release this damn thing, everyone will know about your past. No one is going to buy it (except for James Dellow - after all it looks like made by Apple, doesn't it?). And another one: "Hello everyone! Next week we will be at the LAN PARTY INX ARENA! An event you can not miss! <url>" I could not care less! It's good to know you have time, money and resources to attend such non VR related event. I am really proud of you Miguel, and the work you are doing. I wish I pledged 3500 GBP, I would love to enjoy these crazy weeks with this team! This is interesting: <url>"Hello all! Thanks for contacting us! We are working hard to make vrAse a reality in the next few months. Subscribe to our newsletter and forums to know more about! Regards" In the next few months..... sigh :-( I see people keep asking vArse about their delivery time. <url>"player" in the VR industry via a "successful" kickstarter campaign. I really don't care if you're interested in being a part of that or not. In fact I get the feeling you would be disruptive to mounting a professional and realistic campaign. You're obviously not a business person. As a journalist for many years and a venture capital professional for many more I understand exactly what it takes to make or break a company of this size with a well distributed fact-based investigative press release of 500 words or less. It would be easier and more effective if others were willing to get on board and make statements regarding their dissatisfaction but if, like you, all they care about is getting a couple bucks back in their bank account, then feel free to file a fraud report to your credit card company. But if you really want to do something instead of just being all talk, please contact me. Thanks. I am fully aware that posting here changes nothing. I know that, I realise that. I'm all here just for laughs. I don't want to discourage you, but does doing anything further changes anything? They are qutie covered, they had 'operations' running behind the door, so the money was spent. Project did not work out. Our money is a donation. I just don't see vArse being successfully sued for just over £66k. Forget about getting your money back this way - members are located all over the world, not just UK. Guys, just do as I posted before - apply for a bank refund! Tell your bank that this transaction was a scam, despite several months team did not deliver a single thing, they only keep telling us lies. I was right from the very beginning, but internet trolls, Kickstarter addicts fanatics like Alex Warto and James Dellow (who is regulary posting on other projects, he just stopped posting here - you still own me money) wanted the true to be different. I wanted vArse to be real, but since their posts in January I knew it's fake. There is no way that a team of people can produce ANYTHING other than 3D printed prototype. Need a proof? James wanted to shut me up so much that he contacted vArse and said that he will refund me my money, and vArse will send him my unit. I agreed. Read what did they say to me, and find the keyword: 3 weeks ago, 27 May 2014: Hello Krzysztof, James Dellow have asked us to confirm the refund. He is going to make you a refund of your money and we will send him your prototype. If you agree with it, please send us a message. I think with this solution everybody will be happy. Thanks for your patient. Best regards, vrAse team Found it? "we will send him your prototype"? A PROTOTYPE? This is going nowhere. There is no new design. There is no happy update. There is no more buying time. We got screwed. And here is a translated email from the bank confirming refund for the transaction I marked as scam: "We have received your card transaction request a copy of the internationally Foreign bank response. Reciting the contested transaction totaling 99.10 euros in your bank account 06/04/2014. I hope we could be of assistance to you. I wish you a good day. " Please, contact your credit card company today. This is not spam. I am a dissatisfied backer. If you would like to help me begin the necessary legal and public relation actions required to pressure vrAse into either producing and sending a product or processing refunds for the money we have invested, please email me vrase at kickstarterscam dot com so we can begin collecting our information to send an official refund request to Bankhead, Eyedak and their respective attorneys. Its almost laughable that we care enough to be posting here. And even more so that we think it matters. Posting discouraging stuff here will only keep them from joining the conversation here. We know what they say is fake. We know they lie. They know we aren't buying the hype. They'll stick to Facebook. Someone who clicks Like on the concept is much more accepting than someone who they actually took money from and gave NOTHING but lies in return. @Chris and the 29 others PLEASE Google vrAse then send a letter to the editor/author of every article and blog letting them know they did NOT have a successful Kickstarter but rather ripped off almost 800 people using Kickstarter. It won't take many letters (20 would be plenty) for them to change their story on vrAse to reflect the real situation. I've already started this letter writing campaign. After Engadget or another major player runs the story they will be forced to produce SOMETHING and send it to us to prove the story wrong or file for bankruptcy in light of the bad name and reputation they will gain from the decision they made to rip the wrong people off. Let's get organized and start a media blitz. Let's make it clear....vrAse will send us at least 3D printed versions, a refund, or we will make sure no one in the tech industry does business with them because of their dishonesty. If you're willing to help say so here andi will setup an email for us to get started from. Im tired of the runaround. Time for action. It's a shame we can't contact all the backers to ask them all to vote (rather than just those that come here), not that it would make a difference. Where does these 3 "no" votes come from? James, did you vote 3 times? Anyone who is in doubt... Facebook from 3 hours ago: "vrAse shared a link 3 hours ago Good morning to all! Check SDI Conference 2014 schedule here: <url>" What's the point of such news? vArse is not at the conference anyway (thank God!). So far 32 responses out of which 29 for refund! I will post updates. Carry on voting people. Let's see what the majority of us want. <url>"next few months"... another vague answer. vrAse posted 22 minutes ago on Facebook: Hello all! Thanks for contacting us!. We are working hard to make vrAse a reality in the next few months. If you want to have latest info about our project, please subscribe @ vrase.com to our newsletter and forums. Thanks, vrAse Im here, I read every day. Im looking forward to the samsung thingy as I have a note 3. These people are ridiculous.. New post at Facebook: "The Electronic Entertainment Expo, also known as E3, is the most important convention of video game industry. Hope to be there next year!!" Hell, I hope not! You've been at Gamescom and two electronic shows this year. You showed nothing, except your 2 year old 3D printed prototype AND there was a rumor that you were showing a PICTURE of the new design to the backers - one of them was James Dellow who promised to refund me my money - as of today, it still not happened. Team, are you really that short sighted not to see what are you doing? I don't believe there is a product you are working on - you're just legally wasting whatever is left from our £66,556. I want my money back. Do you understand that Miguel? Alex, James, Karmeck - come back please! We need more of that enthusiast you had for this product. <url>"Hello everyone, remember that you can subscribe to our newsletter through our site, that way you´ll have access to all the latest news and information about vrAse" Thanks for your friendly reminder team! I almost forgot that I backed this piece of lies. I subscribed to your newsletter months ago and I haven't received any latest news and information about your non existent product. 3 comments underneath: "Francisco Sanchez Barragan The summer its near and many people want to know what happen with Vrase its no many information in the forum,i know the vrase team its working so hard,but some idea about so how many time we have to wait??sorry for my english,im from spain.regards!!" "Jay Cotton same for me we are sold on it we want a release date, im considering as are many going for the already released dive" "Dennis van der Pool Please send update to KickStarter backers" ... but it still means nothing to them. Just make sure to tell all your friends about vArse and remember to register at the forums! I haven't received any money from you James. You stay quiet for few days now, saying that you are just busy at work. Are you truly busy not to find a 15 minutes to finish what we agreed to? Are you working with vArse team to be so busy? So once again Louise Bankhead, where is my money? @Chris I think the creators need a wake up call in a form of an online survey purely about vrase. People could vote whether they want a refund or not. I would surely vote for a refund. Unless we take appropriate action they will keep ignoring us and hiding. vArse spams Twitter again. Now they are advertising game that was not created with vArse in mind: "Slender VR, first horror game in virtual reality compatible with #vrAse! Developed by Virtualy Studio. Enjoy!! <url>" Team, stop making fun of yourself. We are all smart enough here to type vArse in the Play Store by ourselves, you do not have to give us links like that. Instead, you should refund our money and immediatly apologize to each and everyone here. There is no place for your "prototype" in the VR world. You came late to the party. Here are screenshots taken on 24th of May 2014 - 16 days ago - from the leaked access to web store: <url>"very hard". Oh, and they have logged into the Kickstarter today. Still, don't expect any news from them.. +1 for Chris One of the backers, Greg, posted a comment on Facebook that confirms vArse is far from being completed: "Waiting for my VrAse, I've seen more news of other people jumping on the bandwagon, including Samsung. Hope VrAse delivers before these others do. In regard to focal length and focus, are both of these variable and is this adjustable per eye? Looking at the imagery, I don't see any knobs or switches." And official response: "Dear Greg. Our first priority is to deliver a great product, independent of what others do, that way people can really enjoy vrAse. We are not ready to disclose final specifications yet, just a few days before launch. Regards, vrAse June 6 at 11:26pm" They are unable to tell us about optics adjustments? Great! Who needs that. Of course it does not stop them from posting another useless content on their Twitter, like they posted a link to a new router from Asus - I can't find it on Twitter anymore - perhaps they removed it - <url>#comment-6123081 - where you call the team 'fcking scammers'. The sound band is a total lie? I don't know. vArse is. You are just a teenager that do not understand the world around. Another fanatic to add on the list. Why did you ask about the update? Are their kind words more important for you than the information about the product? Go back to their twitter and Facebook and kindly ask WHEN do they start shipping. Is around summer sufficient for you? Good for you, vArse needs an army of people like you - they already have over 1000 members on their forums, and nearly no post for a month. vArse will start gathering dust on it's first day. Their prototype design is flawed, and according to the message that team sent me, the product is nowhere closer to be finished. They are still afraid to be copied. @Chris They spoke about update not the product itself are you so fucking stupid that you can't read!!! And why the fuck are you still here trashing every comment and vrase!!! I'm sorry but I am getting so tired of your negative ass!!! Please stop trolling... Why you have to twist my update on its head!!! Huoh... Enough is enough!!! I am not gonna start a fight with you because I know your kind of people so well. You are ignorant, blind and deaf to other peoples opinions and always got to have the last word :/ It makes me sick to my stomach how people are here crying for refunds while its not possible... Vrase is coming and we all will have our units this summer :) And its stupid to compare vrase to Oculus rift DK2 they are different products... I have DK2 pre ordered but I would still use my vrase on the go :) I can't do that with dk2 if I don't have gaming laptop strapped to my back... @ Chris I know that you will answer to this comment and trash me because that is what you do... that is what you are good at Don't hold on. If they are already announcing that there might be a delay, then for sure there will be delay - not only with update, but product as well. It's not coming this this or next month. They will find a quality issue and because they want to bring the best headset we will have to wait. You should take the money that you have left and leave country. You won't be able to compete with Samsung, mark my words. I contacted vrase in twitter about the update and they said this "It may be delayed few days but we will release update this month" So hold on guys its coming :) I too am disappointed by this project, but then again I am also cognizant of the fact that it is really a Spanish and not British team. Expecting a Spaniard to meet a deadline is like expecting the Democrats and Republicans to work together, or Putin not to swing his **** around - it just does not happen. The Spanish culture is vastly different to the U.S. culture, and no manner of badgering, berating, or belittling the team will improve anything. It can unfortunately often have quite the opposite effect. At least we are starting to see updates with some substance, when we get updates... Guys, we have been a bit wrong about Louise! It appears that she is in Kickstarter video... and you see her for 2 seconds! <url>£290 for each day of your work so far. What are the results? - Censored forums. You invite everyone here, yet noone is able to post anything - because moderator has to accept it. - Zero - NULL - information about new product. Posting tables, simulated screens - keep that to yourself. - Pictures of the team! Finally, after several months and hundred requests to introduce us to your team, you did it. But you forgot about two persons... - Video of the product! You promised us a video, and you delivered - with delay - but delivered... but it's super crap and when people started to point things out - you disabled comments and rating. - You assigned the money for production at the beginning of this year according to information directly from the team - yet till now we have seen zero evidence that you indeed started producing anything. - Leaked access to your webstore showed everyone that the price for your case is supposed to be 99 euros... but I could not find any information if that is including tax or not? Care to elaborate please? If someone is expecting vArse to arrive within a month, you are setting yourself for a disappointment. Those of us who ordered DK2 will have it way before vArse. As of 02.06.2014, I still haven't received any money back, either from team or James. You have the power to press "mute" button! @ chris - i understand your frustration! i don't have the time to comment here. Thank you very much to do so. - i was so into this idea from vrAse. But if nobody talks to you and you don't get answers. @Marcus- no, the intention is to free up @Krzysztof from taking time to add his insights on here and to pursue his burgeoning app development career #dealbreaker Brilliant. That way chris gets to have his money back *and* carry on offering his kind words of encouragement to this wonderfully positive forum! @Krzysztof- This is great progress. I am absolutely willing to send you the whole amount. I will send you the full amount right now to your account- my online banking is open as we speak. vrAse have already agreed to transfer the unit to me. So please send me details of where to transfer the money and I will do it now. This is the end. If you are not willing to send the full amount to my account, and you want me to believe in vArse best intentions to send my unit directly to you, then it's not happening. The team can schedule an official refund that will officially take me out of backers section (so there will be 781 who will have problem then). After that happens, I will no longer be able to post comments here. This is the only way to make it happen. If you are going to argue more, please don't bother replying. I do not negotiate with fanatics :) You don't trust me, I don't trust you. Very simple. @Krzysztof- It is strange that you were totally happy for me to send you the money and now you are not. Just to be clear, you are actually lying about my offer- I presented two scenarios: one where I paid half the money, you were sent the set and then I paid you the other half when it was posted to me by you, thus reducing my risk. The other scenario was that I paid the whole amount and got vrAse to send me the set directly. How do you have the nerve to call anyone else a liar, when you present information in this way. Honesty, Krzysztof, honesty. As I explained about the emails, they were in my Junk Folder. You didn't tell me you had sent them, so I didn't know to look for them. So, as I said, you have two offers right now- either half upfront and half when I have proof that you have sent the set to me or everything now and the set transferred to me. Simple really. Money is money and doesn't matter where it comes from? Wow, just wow. You are more interested in shutting me off than the team. I do not care about your money, I want my money back - it can come from you, but it has to be done via official Amazon way. I'm not going to give my personal details "to a guy from internet" who is "more real than me" because is using a "picture". I told you to give me money, you offered half of it, and the rest AFTER delivery. That is, after my 3 emails and waiting for a week to respond. I won't be patient forever. How am I supposed to trust that you would send me the other half? Some more latest vArse pics. No surprises, only the very same old 3D print: <url>"troll" or whatever. I wanted this project to become real. Message: Hi! I've been reading about vrAse for the last few days, and I think it's a really interesting device. I can't wait to be able to watch movies at the virtual big screen. In my spare time I'm working on few small games made in Unity engine for Android, and I would like to add headtracking and stereoscopic view to them - it works okay I could say, but I have no real way to test how these games would perform when the phone is strapped to your head. Here comes my question - is it possible to buy one of the 3D prints you've been presenting in video right now? I can't really wait till the Kickstarter production is finished, this is going to take few very long months and I would rather have a prototype now so I can improve my game... Hope to hear from you soon. Best regards, info <email> 9/18/13 to me Hello Krzysztof, Right now we only have a handful of prototypes, and they are really expensive because of the optics. They are made to order from essilor and cost 200€ a pair. That´s why we want to mass produce them, so they are affordable. 9/25/13 Hi, Thank you for your answer. I want to back the project, but can you tell me how can I do that? I want to get the 58 GBP EARLY BIRD! Origin or Mist + 15 GBP international shipping (***) + 10 GBP for both cases (perfect fit and universal). How do I go trough backing process? Total it's 83 GBP (58+15+10) so is this the amount I have to type in the window at the top of website? Please explain. Thank you Best regards PS. Maybe it's possible to buy the prototype for 200 EUR? 9/27/13 No update? info <email> 9/27/13 to me Hello Krzysztof, Sorry for the delay in getting back to you. Yes, you have to pledge for 83 GBP if you want those three options. 9/29/13 Just backed up the project. I choosed 58 GBP pledge but I typed 83 GBP total. Hoping that the whole transaction will go smoothly. info <email> 9/30/13 Thanks Krzysztof, We´re working hard to ship on time. 9 months later, they are still working hard, and it's not even closer to release. What's here to discuss? I want my money - but I paid the money to vArse, not to you. They are unable to refund. You could send the money to them, and they could refund it to me via official Amazon way - only this ensures that I will be taken out of backers. I will not comply to any of your requests, as they are just silly. You have proven to be looking for fights, and over protecting this team that can't deliver anything. You are a Kickstarter fanatic. @Chris- as previously mentioned you no longer have a mandate to comment on vrAse, as you have proved to be exactly what you have accused them of being, namely a fraud who fails to deliver on his promises. It is interesting to me that you have avoided responding to any of my responses below. So hypocrisy to boot. Glad to have shown you up on this public forum, as you have been trying to do to others on here for many months. It's 1st of June today, and vArse shop is still not ready. How long does it take to set up a WEB store for ONE product? There were many people asking where to buy/preorder it. Lack of such possibility only makes me confident that vArse is nowhere near close to be completed, despite their 'tweets'. After all Kickstarter was a donation, charity, so there are no obligations, but through web store they could get in troubles for not delivering the stuff. "David Zucker ‏@davesearth1 May 30 @JamesDellow I can't wait till VrAse's online store goes live. I hope it's in June and not later. A Durovis Dive is good in the meantime." "‏@vrAse_live Hello @davesearth1 We are working hard to have it operational soon! Regards, vrAse" Try harder, please. It does not take that long. Found something that truly applies to this project: "DocOculus's Laws of Hardware Kickstarters: 1. If the company running the Kickstarter has never previously manufactured hardware, its estimated ship date will be wrong. 2. The more complex the device, the more wrong the ship-date estimate is likely to be. 3. If Kickstarter feedback or stretch goals prompt changes or enhancements to the device, add a minimum of 1-2 quarters to the expected ship date. 4. If the company hasn't yet proudly shown photos and/or video of a finalized prototype, the product will not be in your hands for at least one full quarter, regardless of what the company says. 5. If videos look suspiciously like the device has problems, the device has problems. 6. If the creator isn't letting anyone and everyone try the prototype, it doesn't work very well. 7. If the creator isn't posting production and shipping updates and isn't answering Kickstarter questions about production or shipping, it's not because they are "too busy." It's because they know you won't like the honest answer." I'm just happy they did not get their stretch goals - looking back in time looks like they needed 25'000 more for a travel case that is just a piece of cloth, and 50'000 more for a hard one - double the cost of the whole HMD. Hmmm... Cool sent you an email. My email is <email> Sounds good, how can I get my email to you privately? I couldn't find a way to pm you through Kickstarter. @Jared- thanks for the offer. Pleasingly @Chris clearly has no authority or mandate to comment on here any longer, as he has proved to be exactly what he was criticising others for being- someone who says one thing and then does another. Maybe he has learnt a valuable lesson that it is easier to chirp from the sidelines than to actually deliver on his stated promise? At least this process has shown him up for the charlatan that he is. Maybe we can continue our discussion via email? Best wishes, James Hey James if Chris is no longer interested in your offer I would like to take you up on it if your interested In getting your hands on an extra unit? I did get in on the super early bird offer also if that makes it more convincing for you? Guys, good news! I've had a chance to try upcoming headset from one of the biggest mobile phone and hardware maker that it's not publicly available yet (can't say name though - Koreans have ears everywhere) and wow, I felt as impressed as for the first time with Oculus Rift. I haven't tried any real games, it was rather demo version of short experience, and although graphics were far from realistic the experience was pretty real and I felt vertigo. Something that has never occurred to me when using other HMC like Dive etc simply because this is not a case only - it has a usb connection and added sensors that are way more accurate than the ones in the phones. Having such experience, and knowing it will be available to purchase in the stores within few months makes me smile. Sorry guys, I haven't tried vArse but I know what it is and after my experience last night with the devs I am more confident than ever that you won't be able to take off. You had a chance to deliver it at the beginning of the year. Now it's too late. @Chris- glad to know you are ok. Will try to respond in order- Not sure what my secrets that you refer to are? I am a youth worker from London who is delighted to have found Kickstarter and to use it to get ground breaking technologies into the hands of the young people that I work. It has revolutionised my working life and I hope will direct it for years to come. I have an available backer history and a photo displaying who I am. In terms of trust, I will let people decide on that. I offered to pay you half upfront and half on delivery (to you) or to pay the whole amount, having approached vrAse and getting them to agree to send me the headset directly. In turn, you offered that I pay you all the money upfront and then wait until you had received delivery, on the (unsecured) promise that you would send it to me. I baulked at this and suggested that I approach vrAse as per my second suggestion, which you agreed to via email 24.5.14. It seems that you have backed out on that. As I say, will let others make a decision on whether they feel that it would be a good idea to give £60 to someone I have never met without any form of security that the product would be sent. I have never issued you a command. In fact in the same email, you stated "Tell them to contact me", which might be construed as a command. I never offered to buy anyone else's vrAse, that was a suggestion from you (which to date has resulted in one request). I did so, because I thought you were an honest person. You must be an honest, right, otherwise how could you call someone else a liar? Because if you weren't an honest person then calling vrAse liars would make you a hypocrite- I think I must have that right? Sorry I disgust you- not entirely sure why though? Glad you are looking forward to the vrAse. Shame you weren't prepared to let young people who would actually enjoy and benefit from it get to use this. Can't really see a reason why you would not want that to happen? Maybe you can explain how breaking something is better than giving it (and getting your money back) to people who will appreciate it? I am a fanboy. I am a fanboy of creative people who get off their backside, using their skill and imagination to make something that amazes, enchants and educates me. That's why I am a passionate backer on KS. I need to be careful in choosing my words, so this doesn't come off as an instruction. If you genuinely meant that all you wanted was refund, then I am happy to provide one. You will be giving opportunities for young people to explore the possibilities of technology, using equipment that they have never seen before. How could you not want to do that, in favour of breaking something on video? Best wishes, James @Peter- thanks for joining the fray, however clearly you have misinterpreted my intentions. Looking over your backer history, possibly you have been fortunate in not having to endure people criticising creators from a position of perceived entitlement. Personally I have grown tired of trolls who use these comments sections (see @Chris today) to accuse people of being liars, cheats, frauds etc from the safety of their mum's back room and without the ingenuity or ability to have their own creative idea and bring it to a platform like this. In this instance, rather than being driven by ego as you suggest, I have taken a self-proclaimed white knight at his word- that all he wanted was a refund for his money. So I have offered him that refund, out of my own money, so that he wouldn't be able to peddle his drivel on here anymore. It was, in a small way, my attempt to stand up for those creative people who consistently take a hiding from individuals protected by self-righteousness and anonymity. If you examine the comments boards on KS, I am confident you will find lots of @Chris-like figures who seek to denigrate projects and their creators. So, I apologize for offending you, as this was never my intention. However I do not apologise for calling someone to account who has behaved in a reprehensible fashion for many months. As your comments are directed at me, not sure if this is de-facto support for the campaign that @Chris has waged on here? If so, my reasoning may fall on deaf ears. In terms of the point at which you would allow me to respond, feedback on the vrAse, I was fortunate enough this week to be able to compare another mobile headset and the vrAse, head-to-head, so as to speak. As per previous comments, I do not intend to name that headset, but safe to say that the vrAse compared very favourably in that test. Take care, James The deal is off. A person like you with so many secrets and absolute lack of trust in me is not going to give me commands. vArse team confirmed that I can accept YOUR money for the refund THEY should provide. That's really low for the company image. If you are not going to buy each vArse from the people who asked for refund, then please don't bother replying. I'm disgusted by you, and this immature team. Looking forward to the product and making my Smash My vArse video, followed by a true story how all of us got lied, yet some fanboys believe them. Good for them! @James, you know what I am waiting for? When you will stop using this space for picking fight with Chris. All those big egos...grow up! Don't bother replying as I am not interested unless you have useful information to tell about the product. Have a good day! @Chris- becoming increasingly concerned about you. Just want to make sure you are ok? Also still waiting on your payment details following the vrAse email to you. Haha no I'm not going to cause any trouble to get my money back just lost a lot of confidence in the team not so much the product. @Chris- just checking that you got the message from vrAse? Please let me know what is happening? Hope you are ok. @Jared- depends, are you intending to pick up @Chris' mantle when he leaves? My advice to anyone else is wait it out- will be worth it. @james would you be interested in buying mine as well? @Chris- I believe that vrAse have been in touch with you and confirmed that they are ok with me refunding you. So just waiting for you to send me your payment details. You'll be pleased to know that the young people at my centre are delighted to have another headset. Chris - the certificate you mention was in their last update. @Chris- as I have said before you will be waiting a long time, because, out of professional courtesy, I won't be commenting on what other devices we are using. Let me know when you hear from vrAse and I will transfer the money. Yeah there is. Their skills are amazing, no doubts. I just think they are a little bit slow. However, good news! vArse receives the quality certificate from the Optical Department of Instituto de Astrofísica de Canarias (IAC). And note that you're the first to know about it here from me, as the team does not bother to update. I can't see the certificate itself, but I believe in every word they said. Every single one. At least the inner me wants to believe that. <url>"The case that comes with every order is the Universal one. It has been studied to perfectly protect and match any Smartphone from (size) to (size) thanks to a clever clip system which holds your phone and keep it safe from external impact." vArse is priced currently at 99 euros - <url>"30-days money back guarantee" - <url>"the person who ran the project, and is also listed as the team leader". She has NEVER appeared on A SINGLE PICTURE together with a rest of the team, the only picture you can find is the small avatar on the right side, and I found one more of a lady lying in the grass. That's all. So just because someone created a fake profile for her online, it does not make her any more real. vArse team has ignored every single request to prove her identity. @Chris i don't think that Louise Bankhead is a fictional name as i found some website with official (at least I would like to thinks so) information regarding Louise as a secretary in Eyedak LTD since 2013.07.17. <url>"update". <url>"more importantly, it seems that even current-generation smartphones are simply not up to the task of running VR. With all systems I tried, there was severe display lag (at least several hundred milliseconds), and I can’t explain that by lack of raw graphics power or overly high scene complexity. Is it possible that smartphone screens run at low frame rates, and additionally delay output by a few frames for compositing or post-processing to make media playback look better? Whatever the reason, I couldn’t stand it for long. On top of that, at least in the Dive I tried, the smartphone inside it seemed to have a faulty inertial sensor. The scene rotated about the vertical axis at maybe five degrees per second, and after a short while the horizon started tilting, too. I can’t say if this was just a bad sensor in that one particular phone (didn’t check make and model), or if it’s par for the course for smartphones. After all, smartphone inertial sensors aren’t meant for this application at all. Bottom line: It may be cheap (although I just found out the Dive is 57 euros), but given the experience I had, I’d rather keep the money and not play smartphone games in VR. Actually, I’d rather the Dive et al. wouldn’t advertise themselves as VR devices at all. Call it “3D viewer for smartphone games,” or “a virtual IMAX screen on your smartphone” or whatever, but let’s not equate this to a real VR device. To misquote some guy: “The only thing that can kill VR now is bad VR.”" This guy is telling the truth. Despite vArse posting random links and tweets to game streaming services and so, mobiles are simply not powerful enough to drive any serious content besides movie watching. The horsepower is not here yet. Something I've been telling for months while vArse was telling us differently. Don't tell me that we don't need super graphics to be immersed - it's true, but even simple graphics in Stereo 3D takes a lot of resources. Add mechanics to it and you have jittery all over the screen, as they are not capable of rendering 3D in real time that much. Thank you for your kind words! Trust me, I am better than ever before. I suggest everyone who support nonexistent projects to take some days off and enjoy your free time. Free your mind! Look at things with different perspective. However, I find it really really strange that you can not find any email from me - the keywords are included in my email - Kickstarter, refund, Chris. Of course some people made me look here like I'm from the competition and just trying to diss this project... So here is evidence that my emails were sent - <url>"somebody copies all the innovation we are working on". You have showed nothing to us, so the headset from Davyci is completly innovative and is not based on vArse at all. They are using metal case as far as I know, and all you have ever done was a 3D print done last year, not improved since then. The only thing common with vArse is the keyword in auction title - but that doesn't make it a copy at all! If you think differently, then you have someone who leaks information to other companies - maybe it's Louise Bankhead, hence why she is not listed anymore? Please do not count for any support for any other phone. The they have been telling us that Note 3 is the "perfect phone" for vArse, yet about 2 months ago they announced that THERE WILL BE NO PERFECT FIT CASE for this. If you think that this is not a big deal then you are wrong. Since the display is split in half for each eye, the phone must be aligned properly - even a 1 mm tilt might start hurting your eyes. James, I really want to find out what kind of other headsets are you using, not to diss them, but maybe to have my own opinion about them. You are the only one who is afraid to talk about other names - like it's against some rules here or something. We are all VR enthusiasts here (with some fanboyism). Probably anything out there is better than vArse, more importantly because it's real and they are not afraid for months to show anything. @Chris- firstly glad you are ok. I think we were all a bit worried about you when you went missing for a whole week. Wasn't sure if you had gone into hiding or just that you weren't very well. Thanks for the big-up- Defo going to get a t-shirt made. I have checked my emails and can't find anything from you. Of course I don't know your real name, but there is nothing about vrase, refund, Chris or Kickstarter. Now I'm not suggesting that you are not telling the truth (that's more your gig). but might I suggest that you tell me when you send it, so I know to look out for it. I had kinda assumed that your sabbatical was a permanent one and that you weren't going to take me up on my offer. So to be clear, please send me a comment on here and something to identify the email & I will get right on it. Look forward to getting it soon. I just read their board, and I'm amazed by the amount of lies... Ahh, so many things to point out! Let's start with a comment by Miguel (Louise is a fictional character): Creator Louise Bankhead on Oct 12, 2013 @Peter vorpX is a program to convert to SBS, so you can use it for vrAse without any problem. And the topic on forums: <url>£ then we all are in serios trouble. How are they going to pay for the production of 700+ units which is yet begin? From what I understand there will be no refund as the money they got have been put in to production costs. Hi Louise, can you message me about getting a refund please? @Alex: Everything can't be so easy… Display will be curved, so I guess, lenses must have adjustable degree option @Andrey I men't more like an adapter to those kind of phones :) Surely that won't affect release window because they can work on that after the vrase is released :) @Alex: I hope not, otherwise it could take another year, or two, to ensure the quality of final design. @vrase Is vrase going to be ready for upcoming curved display phones? Like LG G flex :) @Peter- I would suggest that it is through dialogue and conversation that we can reach a better understanding of various points of view. I hope that the interactions between Brian and myself are evidence of this. If you have followed discussions on here, you will realise that there is a particularly divisive influence who has consistently criticised and made outrageous accusations about the conduct and integrity of the vrAse team. Having briefly met them and seen the (prototype) version, I have sought to challenge this. It is interesting to me that following my offer, the individual has pretty much gone to ground and has yet to reply with a clear response. This renders him a hypocrite in my eyes. In terms of demanding answers, I have always preferred on KS to contact the creators of a project personally, rather than on an open comments section. As a result, I have only had recourse on one project to take to a public forum and in this instance the creator has only communicated in any capacity three times since May of last year. Having had dialogue with the vrAse team at various junctures, I have always found them to be approachable and willing to acknowledge their areas of development. Rather than making demands, why not actually contact them via the button on the right and see where that goes? @Brian- no need for apology, all part of the rich fabric of life. You are right, I am passionate about KS and the opportunities it presents to democratise access to new technologies, in particular for those who are excluded & disenfranchised. We are currently using KS in exactly that capacity to open up this new technology to young people at my youth centre in London. If you are interested to learn more about this, please check out www.dragonhall.org.uk or follow me on Twitter @jamesdellow. I also love the fact that it presents creative people around the world with a platform to create a community around their idea, comprising people who can offer both financial and knowledge support. That said, I am not naive enough to be blinded to its shortcomings. The fact that KS reneges on its responsibility to monitor and hold creators to account is a weakness. It has also failed to address the sense of entitlement that backers express- I back therefore I have the right to say what I want. With those rights come responsibilities, like not offending people and being polite in your discourse. And a third is that somebody needs to work with creators to help them produce more realistic time frames for delivery. Now, there is a caveat to this- there is a steep learning curve for people, especially if you have never done something like this (a significant and important constituency on KS). But it remains an unresolved issue. In terms of having my fingers burnt, there are a large number of projects (as per point three above) who have "failed" to deliver to me on time. In my experience this ranges from a few weeks to one project that is over a year late on its deadline. Going hand in hand with this sits a range of different communication strategies, from updates about everything to those that only come following much prompting. To me the major point is not dishonesty (although there will obviously be a percentage who fall into this), it is much more about being realistic as to how long it actually takes to get something to market, the importance of/ need for regular communication and the human condition of leaving something too long and then not knowing quite how to get it back, so it gets left longer. Having spoken to a number of creators this combination seems all too common. There are certainly 3 projects (and maybe a few more) where I believe I am being duped and if anyone on here thinks they are facing issues with vrAse then they might check this out- <url>" I'll be happy to send you my vArse, if it ever arrives at my doorstep, but under the condition that you will refund other people too. You can't take responsibility of vArse actions and make it right only for me. That would be unfair to Stevens and Jared and also other people who do want a refund." @karmeck If you think my comments and Chris' share the same tone you are not paying attention. Just because we are both upset about being lied to does not mean we are the same person. I am a real live boy using my full legal name here. Not an "account". But you aren't trying to engage in a real discussion anyway. Just trying to discredit me and fan flames and take away from the real discussion. Even if what you are saying about Bankhead were true (which it is not) then that's the kind of things an update would say. For instance "An order was placed but the manufacturer was unable to.....insert reason." Instead they say one thing...do nothing...then say something else. Its called buying time. In the hundreds of businesses I have been involved in assisting to get off the ground I have seen about 10 or so act in the manner that vrAse has (misinforming investors about the status of a project in the process of bringing it to market). Each and every time it was for one reason...they had spent the investors money poorly and were unable to complete what they had said they borrowed the money for and were buying time to get more investors to meet their prior commitments. It never turned out OK. For two reasons, first and most simply it puts a fledgling company in a position of constantly "robbing Peter to pay Paul" as they say. Starting in the negative trying to alter budgets to fill in blanks left by the misappropriated funds from the initial investors. When you take money from someone it is rarely without strings attached as to what you are supposed to do with it. If they are being dishonest with us it is unlikely they are being honest with their new investors and openly stating part of that money needs to be used to fulfill the KS perks. So until they either have some sort of profitability or income (which won't happen for a business of this size and product price point for at least 24 months after product release) then they just won't have the money to do it. The second reason these types of organizations always fail is they are dishonest. That gets around. No one wants to do business with liars (except some of you guys apparently which results from the online "fanboy" phenomenon). But real business people won't make deals and partnerships with people who lie about money. Which means the business fails. Which is why I have suggested unhappy backers should tell every media outlet and partner company. They should not allow them to say they have had a successful KS campaign. All they have done is successfully used KS to collect 60k from 780 or so unsuspecting victims. The hope is if I continue this type of letter writing campaign the will at least send me a 3D printed prototype for my investment to shut me up. As for a production model...you'll never see it unless some miracle happens. I would bet money on that. As for me I will gladly take a sweaty banded used at a trade show 3D printed model. Its much better than nothing. Which is what I have for my investment approaching a full year later. I look at it like this. Bankhead is clearly not part of the team, I think she is somewhere els in the world working as a community manager not knowing what is really going on and she can only tell us what she has been told. And if she gets uppdats as often as us, it gets hard to feel confident then answering questions. So the info she gives might be all she knows and that info might have been correct at one point . But giving that we only get updates once a month things change and we get this info after it have happened and therefore feel cheated then we learn that what we thought was happening did not happen. And I think Brian is one of Chris other accounts. And Chris said nothing about the refund or asked James to refund every one that has asked for it. This also make me feel confident that Brian is Chris. @james I apologize for all the snarkiness. Looking at your profile its obvious you have a passion for Kickstarter. I think that's amazing. And wonderful. My work is in writing business and marketing plans and venture capital requests for new businesses so this was my first experience with this type of helping but I love entrepreneurs. My writing background makes my responses long, I know that comes off bad sometimes. Like ranting or preaching. And I'm sorry. But with your vast experience here I do have two questions maybe you could help with....have you ever been "ripped off" in one of your projects you've backed? And secondly have you ever been told by a KS project lead that they were in one stage and then they later changed their story and had it actually work out OK? Because again my concern here is not pushing off the timetable. I understand targets change. My concern is Bankhead told me flat out that production had started, a delivery date was set for May/June and they just didn't want to announce it, but this update contradicts that explicitly. My suggestion is every time we see them mentioned in any press we make sure the backers who are smart enough to realize we are being lied to send letters to the editor of those publications.They should not be allowed to succeed or continue stating they had a "successful Kickstarter campaign" to the press when in fact they just successfully conned 782 people out of money to attend a bunch of trade shows and never gave us anything in return for that investment. @james In fact what he said was he would love to have a refund from you because that's the only way he will get one. He on the other hand stated that even though he will take your money he has no intention of going way unless you agree to refund everyone, even naming several who have requested a refund by name. Tell me how you can interpret two months ago clearly stating that the final design has been sent to manufacturer for production and sent for design patent which will be complete in no more than weeks? Especially when you cone with a new update two months later saying the design is still being tweaked, we can't show you because we do not have the design patent and we are still shopping for manufacturers. You ask for facts and I get made fun of for going into great detail to provide you with information instead of conjecture and you just ignore all of it as up for interpretation" anyway. You're impossible. @Chris- sorry missed your last message as it has been deleted by Kickstarter. Was it your swansong before accepting my refund? Tick-Tock, Tick-Tock... @Brian- apologies will take a while to respond in full to your novella and to digest the 900 plus words. Not sure if minutiae is the appropriate term for a piece this long? Always interested though when people start telling me about FACTS, as though there is only one way of interpreting something. Speaks just a little of arrogance to me. The more I come to understand life, the less convinced I am of universal truths. Having backed a significantly greater range of projects on here than you (insert comment about that not being relevant) maybe I am more sanguine about levelling accusations that are inflammatory and serve little purpose? Or maybe I am not suffering from a sense of entitlement attached to my financial & moral support? Or possibly I am not as smart as you, if you equate intellect to shouting and putting your points in CAPITALS to emphasize their import? Anyhow, need to return to understanding the grand thrust of your opus, as opposed to unpicking holes in the detail. Ta Ta for now. PS- @Chris did the exact opposite of what you state. He did offer to go away for a pocket full of silver. Sorry, I know I shouldn't be going back to those pesky details, just can't help myself... This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Nice to hear from you, and great to hear that things are still moving forward. Would appreciate a greater transparency whilst obviously understanding the need for protecting your work. I think it's always better to undersell and over deliver than the Other way around. Sadly to date it's been a little more of the latter. That said, I'm still excited about what looks and sounds like a really incredible product. @james Again you spend your time trying to dispute minutiae of my message while ignoring the one single FACT that is important here...they are not communicating honestly with the backers. Why you are continuing to defend them and act like everything is OK in light of that I do not understand. Maybe just so you feel better about being duped? I'm not sure. In any case, as others pointed out...just go through the updates. Watch how the VERY LIMITED story we are hearing changes. And not in a "oh this thing came up and we have a problem that changes things" kind of way but a "we said one thing and now it turns out that is just not factual" kind of way. Since you have access to the updates (and someone was kind enough to quote some stuff just a few messages ago to verify what I am saying) I won't do your homework for you (there are other flat out lies other than what he posted but that should be sufficient). I will stick to my personal communications with Louise Bankhead via private message. When asked about their progress on the patent and when we could see the final design they claimed to have complete (but in this update say they didn't) she stated "We have the patent of the product, and what we mean with "protect from copies" is the patent design. We want to protect our design so another company cannot just copy what we have done in 1 year. The process of registering will take few weeks and no more than that." That was on March 6, 2014. More than two months ago. And no less than that. When asked what step were they currently in of production she said, "We are entering vrAse (the device you will received) into production. We have an approximate delivery time frame." This was again, more than two months ago. And yet an update from YESTERDAY says "Few weeks ago, the whole team working on the vrAse design met in Barcelona...Since then, we have been working on it to achieve the final vrAse design and close this phase." How can she both be entering the final design into production and neogitating a final delivery time frame two months ago AND not even have a meeting of the designers to discuss the final design until a few weeks ago? How can they be filing for a design patent that will take a few weeks and nothing more when they do not even have a final design? They can't. It's lies and fabrications. Now for the other things you think are conjecture. The "facts" I may have access to that you do not....since you attended one of their trade show booths, it would be helpful if you could guess the size of that booth and then contact the makers of the show you attended and ask how much it would cost to present a booth of that size. Then calculate the cost to fly, house and feed what appears to be 7-10 representatives to that show. Subtract that from 60,000 dollars. And repeat this procedure for each show they have attended. You will end up with a large negative number. This update actually verified most of what I said in my message. I am glad they were up front about something finally. They were seeking and found additional funding sources "We needed more funds to reach our new standards of quality. And we did it, we looked everywhere, and finally we got the necessary investment to be able to produce vrAse." They wanted to bundle our perks into a bigger order to decrease the cost of production: "The strategy changed and we began looking for new budgets, with the target of producing bigger amounts with an outstanding quality." (Even though two months ago Louise Bankhead told me flatly :"The only product we are going to manufacture is the final units that you will received, nothing else.") Anyway you can jeep supporting these people as they lie to you, change your story and spend the money we sent them on everything except producing the product we were promised. But I agree with the guy you offered a refund to...guys like him and me and other dissatisfied investors should not just go away for $75. We need to stand up and make noise and make sure this company either does what it said it would do or every person involved is publicly known to have defrauded 782 small investors who entrusted them with our money. You can keep ignoring the lies for a little longer, hoping you end up with a prize, but right now it could easily be proven in a court of law based on their Update text alone that they have provided false information regarding the progress of their project. Add to that the private messages top multiple backers that have made claims such as those I have quoted here and this could easily be won in a civil court if we were investing millions instead of hundreds. But no one cares about a few consumer level investors and whether they lose money or are lied to. But for someone who is smart enough to speak up and make noise when he is ripped off to just give up and be quiet for a single refund makes no sense. It still seemed overkill to not tell us anything , I doubt much technical details would have been given out here for others to copy , glad it looks like we will get something, I expect it to be perfect after all the 'we're working on the best ...' . Er, @Chris- have we not spoken about this? You have the offer of a refund. So either you accept it and in the immortal words of Michael Jackson, 'Beat it', or otherwise your accusations and claims are the worst form of hypocrisy! Simple question- do genuinely want the refund or just a vehicle to have a momentary piece of notoriety and attention? As you have commented so much on the integrity of vrAse, your reputation is hanging by a thread. You will be seen as the exact thing you seek to criticize! What say you? Apology accepted, I'm looking forward to the grate Product you are making. Smiley face. vrAse progress update... tumbleweed rolls through town!! Correct me if I'm wrong but It's a case with two lenses, there's no circuitry involved? Surprised china has not knocked out hundreds more for £10 a piece. Stop making fun around, Louise does not exist. I want my refund. Did you forget to apologize to me? Looks like you mentioned pretty much everyone, except for me. I'm not expecting any news from you, just bullshit. Preorder store nearly ready? Focus on product, for the whole year you've been working on a website and forums that constantly went offline. Or you know what... Just go home. Just go home, hide under the blanket and cry. As always, team is full of bullshit, and as always, they delivered! Update #22 Mar 6 2014 "Good news... The final design is finally finished! This means two important things: the first one is that next week we will enter into the final stage, production." Update #25 May 15 2014 "Few weeks ago, the whole team working on the vrAse design met in Barcelona. We have created a stereo lithography prototype that enable us to check every aspect of the device which is important to us. We have to say we found some aspects which could have been done in a better way. Since then, we have been working on it to achieve the final vrAse design and close this phase." "At the moment, we are negotiating with one of the most important and well known manufacturers on the market." Well I didn't know that 'Few' weeks actually meant more than 2 months and 'Next' week meant more than 2 months later. @Chris- as I have said I am not intending to refer to the actual headset by name, as not seeking to offend anyone. I can confirm that it is not the Dive, which I have never seen in person. Just wondering where we are at with my offer, as you haven't responded yet? @Brian- interesting that you level the accusation of presenting issues to 'sound' correct, whilst giving your own (disputed) issues to 'sound' correct. Fascinated as to how you know these 'facts'- why there is a delay, the need for an angel investor, the money not existing and that we won't receive the vrAse. Maybe you are privy to info we aren't? I am unclear what info I have presented to 'sound' correct, save that I have used the headset and have met Miguel? In my humble opinion, trying to sound like you know things that you don't is faintly 'ridiculous'. And I would also suggest that I am not actually arguing. @Chris has offered to remove himself from this board if a refund is on the table. I am merely taking him at his word by offering that refund. The online arguing, like most online arguing, is ridiculous. Both sides are raising their own set of issues to "sound" correct. The issues here are NOT whether vrAse is late with delivery or how many KS projects you've backed or not backed. The issue is that we are investors and they are not communicating honestly with us. Or at all. That last update was copy and pasted tech jargon from another company owned by one of the primaries of this project. The delay is NOT a matter of "unexpected complications." They lied about what they were doing. Period. They used our sixty thousand dollars to finance a series of trade show junkets in hopes of getting enough interest in the product to actually build it. Our money has been sent. Our items were not produced (which is what we were told we were being asked to finance). So unless they pick up some angel investor or venture capitalists to support the concept OR one of these trade shows scores them a larger retail order (Best Buy or the like) or a partnership with an existing company then we will never see these 700 some odd devices produced. The money simply doesnt exist to do it. They are afraid to tell that simple truth so instead they say norhing. Waiting for a new investment, a partner or a retail order to pickyback our perks on to doesn't really inspire confidence in investors. Unlike most defending here I have brought many products and services to market. This is the harsh reality we face. My suggestion is we all pray someone else buys into their concept as much as we were stupid to do or we are out. A despite our rants we will have no recourse. Even a US based business would be unlikely to get sued over a 75 dollar loss. Let alone the difficulty and expense of a multinational lawsuit against a company that basically doesn't exist yet, guaranteed by a Kickstarter project leader who shares an apartment the company is run out of (if that information posted here earlier is correct). James I'm pretty curious what other two VR headsets your youth centre has now. A while ago you said that you never tried Durovis Dive.. Thanks James if that is the expected shipping date I'm completely fine with that. I was thinking it was going to be a lot later than that. As I say they just need to be upfront and let us all no what's going on. Glad to hear such rave opinions on it also gives me confidence and makes the wait a bit more bareable. @Jared- sorry, I mean "our" summer e.g. June/July. That is my understanding, but will try to get a clarification on this. We have two other VR headsets at my youth centre and our experience with vrAse literally blows them out of the water. When we attended the Wearable Tech Show in London, it was absolutely the stand out kit there. On a related note, have backed a few Australian projects and looking forward to seeing how they progress this year. I no most Kickstarters are delivered later than expected, however the Vrase team needs to keep the backers updated in the process to put us as ease. I'm glad you've had experience with the product and your enthusiasm actually gets me quite exited. As far as saying a summer delivery, when exactly is that? Because I'm in Australia and my summer is different from your summer. @Jared- not about to start speaking for vrAse, but as I have commented on here before, having seen the headset in action, I can attest to its existence & mind-blowingness. Having backed a few projects on here, the bulk of them seem to be delivered in a window between 3 & 6 months after the proposed date. As with many backers on here I guess, I have never had to bring a product to market, so many of them are learning in a very public forum. I am always a bit surprised that creators face criticism for this (and have drawn parallels with Google Glass & Apple's iWatch- where even megacorporations run way behind on realising their ideas). In terms of a timeline, my understanding was that vrAse were looking at a summer delivery and (as far as I know) that hasn't changed. Finally there has been one consistent agitator on this project, but as he has explicitly stated, once he has secured a refund, he will no longer be involved. As he has a public commitment from me to receive this I expect (unless his protestations about lying are untrue- in which case his complaints will be invalidated) that he will no longer play any role in discussions. I don't say this to devalue your concerns, but the tone & content on this board has largely been driven by one person- I hope that once this influence is removed we can all get on with looking forward to this ground breaking tech. Best wishes, James To clarify I would like a refund but it seems like that's not going to happen. I'm sorry but not being willing to refund people's money is even more cause for concern to me. The fact that they have had nothing new to show us for quite some time and the lack of communication is what worries me. Maybe if vrase came on here and gave the backers a straight answer (no bs) about a realistic time line it might settle a few people down and restore some confidence in the project. @Chris- Aw you say the nicest things- glad you see me as vrAse's biggest supporter (may get a T-shirt made up). Just a quick note of caution to you though, @jared doesn't actually ask for a refund (as I read his comment), it appears to be more of an enquiry, but maybe he can clarify that himself. My offer wasn't to take responsibility for vrAse and their work. It was specifically that you stated "vArse know I want refund, they have been told about it long time ago. They could just honor my request and I would be long gone". I was merely giving you the option to make good on your pledge. After all, I know how committed you are to people delivering on their promises. Not entirely sure why you are bringing other people into this. Your comment was about you and I responded to you, offering to make good on the refund in return for you getting gone, as you explicitly stated that you would. So bluff called, time to put up or shut up! Why wait? You should fund it ASAP and start sowing the seeds of discontent right from the start. There is a new VR headset coming on Kickstarter tomorrow. Looks pretty impressive, but I'm waiting for more details. <url>"Refunds are not possible before the launch as this will compromise the whole operation. Hope this makes sense." Let me join to the ever growing team of Refund seekers. I want my money back and not for the delay but for the way we are being treated. They have no respect for their backers whatsoever. Give me my money back! I'm sorry, but this makes me feel like whole vArse is vaporware. Latest post from vArse on Facebook from few seconds ago says: "A new game suitable for vrAse, 3D Virtual Reality FPS for Android by Fabian Koch!" <url>"fresh" material from vArse Facebook: "We love testing vrAse with people on the street, here's a small sample!" With a link to a video from September 2013 - <url>"around summer". Here are some nice comments too: <url>"team" is bunch of amateurs that can't keep us informed enough. They told us that the units are going to be in production soon... Soon after that they told us they just hired an optician expert. 2 weeks before delivery time! I do not need more things to be completely against vArse. They had their time, and they chose not to use it wisely. They only got what they deserve... By the way Alex, you should check Pressy Kickstarter campaign. It runs similarly to vArse -everything is good, everything is great, we are working on a very best project! How did it end? It's May, and people who backed the project (including me) still did not get what we paid for - the team is being quiet, and when they talk - it's full of nice words. But I didn't pay for that... In the end, you still can't buy Pressy despite nearly 700k in funding. There are already "chinese" copies that are WAY cheaper, without DRM and are available to purchase right now. I hope the very same thing happens to vArse. I am not suprised that no one from vrase won't come here to comment because there is full on war here! @Chris everybody knows what you think about vrase and you want your money back! Stop reminding us we know. Let's keep this Forum positive and have faith in vrase :) @James I'm glad to see that you are keeping the flag up :) They have promised us that we will have our vrase in summer :) And when we have them then we can come here and post if we liked or did not like the experience :) Have a great weekend :) I'm happy that you had to share with us that you have an offline life. As you may suspect, you are not the only one who has things to do outside internet. My comment was not directed to you James, but to the people who don't really know anything about mobile VR and yet they pledge for things that solves problems that we don't know yet - body tracking, hand tracking. I backed several other projects under different account... and even if I did not, how does that matter? Some people who defend the team were saying like "this is Kickstarter, delays are normal"... Guess what, they are not normal, they are expected, but not normal. Especially with communication with vArse - it's non existent. They took the money and lied for months about working on a product, fast forward more than 6 months later the product does not exist, the team is not able to provide us any date, they force us to use Twitter and Facebook to get in touch with them, and when we finally do they do not answer (they started answering this week, but months before were quiet). This is the best example of how NOT TO HANDLE a Kickstarter. If vArse does come out, I will be happy to make a "Smash my vArse" video! And in the meanwhile, maybe I should start thinking about starting my own Kickstarter... This is the example that you can get away with raised money. @Chris- Glad to see that you are still posting on here. Been away for a while (got an offline life that means I can't keep up with you), but happy to know you are well. Bit concerned that you say, "At this point I simply do not care about this Oculus Rift-ripoff". However guess you must have reconsidered, judging by the volume of posts you put up. Wondering what you will do once vrAse delivers in the summer? Hope this comment wasn't meant for me- "The people who were defending the project are mostly the ones that will throw dollars at anything that's even remotely related to VR". As you can see from my backer history, I have only backed one other VR project on Kickstarter. Also I am still defending the project, having seen it in the flesh (so as to speak). Maybe you should back some other projects on here, as I have suggested previously. Although not sure how you would have the time to comment on anything else, as you are basically a one-man forum on here. Anyhow keep up the work. I definitely need someone like you in my life to remind me what it could be like! @Marcus & Paul, Thanks for the info. My personal phone is an iPhone but my job is upgrading my blackberry to an S4 so I am VERY excited for both app offerings. Cheers guys Unfortunately go show's not available on iOS. Hopefully one day. @Marcus and Dale I use both Go Show and Side by Side video player found in the play store on my Dive. Both are great. Only drawback is being unable to watch a full film on my S4 without the battery dying towards the end. I now lay in bed with my usb charger connected through out which is a little annoying :-) Dale: re cinexplayer - the 3d mode is only accessible when playing back videos that have actually been transferred to the device/player. The option isn't there when playing back streaming stuff. If I remember correctly, there's an icon available when the video is paused for setting up the 3d stuff. @chris For someone who's given up you sure seem to be quick on the draw :-) No offence intended. Im still on the fence myself being both pessimist and optimist. Of course I do blame the vrase team for this as it's totally within their control to instil confidence, yet they chose not to. For me its become a sad curiosity to read posts on here. Maybe one day we will all login and get surprise Please stop acting surprised.. Like I said before, nothing substantial is coming. I feel cheated and lied to. False advertising all the time! Update on Facebook "Hi guys, we have no exact date yet but it will be around summer! We will sell the product through our online store. We are working hard to have it operational soon. Regards, vrAse" So I guess the update we were promised for next week will have no dates :-( Instead of before summer we are now looking at 'around summer' Goal posts moving again... @Marcus, Thanks for clarifying. I went ahead and got it and haven't been able to find that setting but it may be because I was using YouTube to view the video. Can you provide a little more direction? I just received this information from vrase regarding the update :) They answered my question in facebook :) "How about an update for us in kickstarter? There are a lot of anxious backers in kickstarter forum when do we see what the final model looks like?" "Hi Alex! We are preparing the update for next week! Regards, vrAse" Doh. Yes cinexplayer. It's a bit hidden away, but there's an option on it to display any regular 2d film as sbs with optional faked 3d. @Marcus, Cineplayer? I did a search on the apple app store and found "CineXPlayer" is that what you were referring to? The concept is a great idea and works very well on the Dive... Cineplayer on iOS has sbs mode with various zoom modes and at least for me it's an enjoyable experience watching films on it. The few games and demos are also impressive and enjoyable. I wish there were more - oh well better get learning unity I guess... The idea of someone developing a high quality version of the Dive and marketing it appropriately is to be welcomed. What isn't welcome is the lack of communication and the growing paranoia that things aren't going well. I find myself in the odd position of being both enthusiastic about the project and wanting to defend it from the trolling here, yet having the nagging feeling they might be right. I really hope this isn't the case... This is rediculus. Besides with a 16:9 video playing HSBS the ratio of the output will be 32:9. On a 16:9 smartphone screen, it will mean that you only get half the vertical FOV, because half the screen from top to bottom will be black bars. The whole concept is a dumb idea, the only reason im backing this is to get hold of the lenses. Is there any kind of petition we can sign, to get money back? It's been a month since last update vrAse I think your BACKERS deserve at least a new time line or something......... and please NO everything is lovely in la la land and we are all happy working on excelent stuff blah blah. Seriously, we all helped get this project funded and we would like to know where it is all at.......... not really asking much vrAse, be respectful and considerate to you backer. Cheers Paul - update might happen, but I heard undelivered promises way too many times. At this point I simply do not care about this Oculus Rift-ripoff. Even if it does come out "around summer" I am simply not interested anymore. The team has proven their lack of professionalism. Their credibility is gone. Who's Louise Bankhead? is the question we've been asking for way too much time. If the team was acting legitimately, they would simply refund the money to the people who ask for it - but instead they said that the money was allocated into production.. What production? I've seen nothing, too much time has passed. I no longer trust you. Look what have you done. More and more new faces are coming to this section to share their dissatisfaction. I did contact Kickstarter before and here is the answer I got (don't expect anything spectacular): "Thanks for reaching out. I'm very sorry to hear that backing the vrAse has been frustrating for you. As you mention, projects that launch on Kickstarter are often in the early stages of development. As such, creators will occasionally miss the mark on their initial estimated completion dates. Delays can occur for any number of reasons, but they are almost always in order to maintain or improve the quality of the project’s end result. Still, it’s important to us that creators communicate this information to backers along the way. I looked at the project, and Louise Bankhead is the person who ran the project, and is also listed as the team leader. Francisco also seems to be a member of the team. I think it's fair that you're curious about why they're just now hiring an optics specialist. I encourage you to post a comment, or even reach out to the creator directly using the “Contact me” link on the project page to ask for further details. I'm sorry to hear they aren't able to grant you a refund. Successfully funded project creators do plan their project around the funding they received while it was live on Kickstarter. As a result, these funds are often tied up in the completion of the project, or fulfillment of rewards. Thanks for being a thoughtful backer and part of the Kickstarter community. We keep information like this in mind if a creator is ever to try to create another project." But that means nothing. This is Kickstarter, and here noone is responsible for anything... I too would like to know if anyone has communicated with Kickstarter regarding this project. It may be naive and stupid of me but I am trying to be as optimistic as possible. I am hoping this promised update next week will have substance and we will get firm dates given that their goal was before summer which approaches very soon. Have people complain to Kickstarter about their lack of communication? Pfff, miguel has no balls. "Hi all, remember that you can also follow us on our Facebook page " Thanks for reminder! I'm sure we all can find plenty of useful information there. R E F U N D U S ! ! ! I don't want your stupid shell. Not sure how this will work for kickstarters based in the UK, but it does look like there will be legal recourse for backers who have been scammed by non existent/ undelivered projects. <url>"Hi Paul! We will publish a new update next week! Regards" Same old bullshit story. They are working on the very best product! And it will come soon! Who the hell is Louise Bankhead, Miguel? Get your balls together and refund us the money, this is a scam Kickstarter! Vrase team seem to be taking the time to regularly post on Facebook, yet despite them logging into kickstarter each day our concerns are ignored. Infuriating. Hey fake non-existing Louse Bankhead "As you may know we have started the forum ( <url>éstor Viña León (Nesvi), the creator of the Unity SDK, where we will try to answer all your questions and we hope we can create an interesting discussion. This is the link <url>" Really??? Answering questions? What a joke! Your stupid forums are censored. When I tried to ask them on the forums when they will deliver vrase and if I could get a refund, the question wasn't approved by the moderator. I saw that the moderator was online so they basically ignored me. To check I made a second account and posted a nice question about if a phone would fit. It got approved within the same day. Why should we bother creating an account if you won’t even approve our decent questions? How does that change anything here? You seem to put more attention on my name rather than Louise Bankhead that has been seen by noone. Jus for those that have not understood yet, Chris is Krzysztof with a renamed account name. Nice find Morebread. You know why vArse isn't here? They explained it in one of the "updates": Within the next weeks we will continue making updates to keep you informed about everything that is happening (and which do not compromise the project, of course). We want to improve the exchanges with our backers and we are doing everything we can. Although, we would like you to understand we want to make updates when there is something interesting to share. So here is your answer. There is nothing interesting to share. But please do not forget to register on their forums!! Haha... The user data base there is still growing, despite zero new materials since Kickstarter has ended. Anyone still here? vArse isnt Any one from Washington State should maybe drop a line to the Attorney General Bob Ferguson he has decided to go after Kickstarter fraudsters. <url>"We’ll definitely keep you updated on each step of our work and soon, vrAse will be YOURS! " Update #14 13/10/2013 so how long is soon? er were still waiting, last one to leave turn off the lights. Pfff, monthly updates... Yeah, more or less. "We have been very busy creating the best product! Join our Newsletter & Forums for updates. Regards" Stop spamming please. There is no reason to register at your forum or to join your newsletter - I'm tired of your posts not related to VR/vArse. You got our money from here, UPDATE US HERE!!! And I believe we deserve more than "a monthly update" that only assures us that EVERYTHING is great, and that you are working on a superior case for smartphone. Maybe I believed in that in October, now you are a joke. They also say on Twitter they do monthly uppdats so we should see an uppdate soon. Hope for an update soon. They say summer release and we are so close. Yes , they had plenty of time to prepare their last update and if they are associated with EYEDAK then it's just technical information they would already have access to it. I can't say as I'm hopeful of getting anything now, maybe they hope/expect us to just be grateful to get the prototype with maybe improved lens but with no updates who knows. As always, Miguel just loves talking to the media, but he is so busy that he doesn't have time for us... Read the crap here: <url>"immersive solutions are used"? As far as I know (and I believe I know more than you do) people get motion sick mainly due to latency and motion blur (when it takes too much time for photons to switch). vrAse: PC's and consoles will be really small in the coming decade compared to the smartphone industry, and the only thing that will truly limit the smartphone is the access to more energy density. As such, PCs and consoles will probably be relegated to content servers via streaming. With very low latency WiFi, 4G and the cloud, you can have access to almost unlimited graphic details in a device that is immersive, affordable and wireless! PC's and consoles will be really small in the coming decade? Pfff. Streaming games onto a VR headset? That's asking for a puke fest. You CAN NOT have a quality and comfortable experience in VR by streaming. Nope, so stop spreading false info. Stop posting "proove of concept" like you did with Kickstarter video showing "streamed" games from VorpX "you'll be able to have a much better experience with a device like vrAse for a fraction of the cost" Please, someone help me get off the floor... They have all the time in the world to literally SPAM their Twitter and Facebook accounts with crappy links not related to VR and this product at all. They were logging into Kickstarter account nearly every single day. Last update was full of technical info that I'm sure team does not even understand, they just copy pasted some technical words and graphic simulations to show "progress". vArse, a piece of plastic with lenses - is a failure. They claim to be working on it already for 2 years (as far as I remember) before starting Kickstarter. It's still exactly the same, and they are unable to bring it to the market. For every delay we are being excused by "we care about quality". This team is fully incompetent. They do not bother to answer to public or private messages. Instead, they still insist to register at their forums - WHY WOULD I EVER DO THAT?? WHAT IS THERE TO DISCUSS? JUST GIVE ME MY MONEY BACK! Has anyone noticed that during last few weeks, the number of users on the forum has doubled/tripled? Right now it's 476, and I remember times when it was below 100. No one posts there, in fact, you can't post anything until message is approved by moderator which successfully limits negativity on the forum. How did they even get the users to register there? It's not like there is a reason to be registered in a first place. Paul, No point asking I think. How long has it been since they have responded to any questions concern raised by their backers? They just ignore us completely. Even if they giev us an update it will be again the usual nonsnse. First every update was a story about how happy they are "spenging out money" then the last one was about stuff noone seemed to be interested in. I haven't seen a single update from them containing actual deadlines, projections, forcasting, production progress updates or anything that we may be interested in. I am just waiting for the day when they come out and say sorry people your money is gone, but we have nothing to show you for it. Vrase, please can we have an update on production? Interesting. I searched Google based on that and found that magazine image and text: <url>"partnership" with products for hand and body tracking, before these products were even released. iMotion was a scam, but they claim that people got refunded. We don't have a horsepower to play Quake 3 in 3D on mobiles and they were already "trying" to "solve" the issue of body tracking... Plus if you look at their YouTube page they are full of bullshit claims, like phones have positional tracking etc... Anyway, they have only 4 videos at their YouTube channel. 2 videos were released before/during Kickstarter campaign, and 2 after it ended. First two got nearly 60'000 and 19'000 viewers, and the later two 2'000 and 637. Noone cares about vArse. Almost nobody knows about it, they have more followers on Twitter and Facebook likes than their latest video has views... Yes it gets beyond a joke when there are no updates or progress or references to the schedule in their updates, so I too would like my money back. People are giving up on this project. No-one standing up for it lately. Chinese copies of vArse are already appearing on the web! <url>~15 messages each week. Disgusting! Please, don't mention holiday as an excuse... Other projects are capable of responding during busy days, this team speaks up on average 2 times a month, with same old story. Everything is good... Hey vrAse, it was stated in a reply to a comment in the most recent update that this week you all were meeting with your factory director to discuss the final prototype. Wanted to know how it went and if additional information can be provided. We paid for nothing, there is no force in this world that can force them to sending us a product. Kickstarter "is not a webshop", we are supporting an idea, project. I feel like we supported a nice holidays for them. So I paid extra for nothing :( Alex, if you would be following comments here lately you would know that there is NO perfect fit case for Note 3. And this is really bad! The team recommends Note 3 as "the right phone" for vArse, yet despite 6 months they haven't worked on it. IF we receive the product, I believe it will be exactly the same as 3D printed prototype - just with additional straps and plastic material. They haven't done anything in the past 6 months, other than trying to get more and more people invest in their company. Yawn still nothing vArse still trying to think of a excuse for the lack of product that was finalized and ready for production 3-4 weeks ago?. vArse all the money gone not enough left to pay for production? So no change here then just nothing same as usual. And I wanna know if I'm gonna receive a perfect fit case for my note 3 + universal case. I paid extra for the universal case with my pledge Greetings! First time backer and commenter here and I don't really know about how the production of a product works so I want to ask this question that confused me. From what I understand, the purpose of the survey is to know about the number of specifics vrase sizes that the backers want to get, especially the perfect fits case that must be able to let the phone that it's intended to use with fits perfectly. Based on this I thought that there will be different quantities of vrase cases for different type of phones based on the survey that backers were supposed to fill in before the production. But the update #20 from VRASE mentioned that the survey will be send to backers at the last minutes possible before shipping, and few weeks ago they mentioned "Good news... The final design is finally finished! This means two important things: the first one is that next week we will enter into the final stage, production. We are going to use the best manufacture techniques to produce vrAse.". Now my question is how can they know about the quantity of specific vrase sizes that they need to produce and ship before they get the survey? or will all vrase of the universal case type? This is really confusing for me. Please enlighten me. Thanks, and sorry for my bad English and lacks of knowledge. Were getting close to the promised before summer release date so I quess it won't be too long till we see the final desing and get our surveys :) We still don't really know what's going on with production. I think that's the kind of update we are looking for as backers. You will not Ok, I am going on vacation in a month, will I have it by then? On march 5th u stated you would be going into production in a week, so r u in production? "Good news... The final design is finally finished! This means two important things: the first one is that next week we will enter into the final stage, production. We are going to use the best manufacture techniques to produce vrAse." @Chris dang searched all over never found that one. Awesome update Louise/Francisco/Miguel! Just the type of information that I like to see when I back a project - lots of nitty gritty. More updates in the same vein would be thoroughly appreciated. I am disappointed by the lack of detailed updates, and the seemingly blasé customer service approach from the project team; however I understand that my expectations for the team should not match those of an established seasoned corporation. We are choosing to help individuals - often amateurs - to Kickstart a dream. With the best will in the world, not everyone is an expert financier, business strategist, customer service star, or manufacturing guru. We thoroughly read (maybe a big assumption) the campaign details, watch the videos; and research the company or individuals involved before we decide to give them a helping hand. While it would be nice to get weekly progress updates, timely responses to inquiries, and gifts that meet our expectations delivered on time; is it reasonable to assume that the campaigners have the perfect experience and know-how to meet all of our expectations? I knew vrAse was being headed by a Spaniard, that Louise was French, that Eyedak was the company behind vrAse, with Miguel as the CEO, Francisco as the CMO, and Louise as the Company Secretary; all before backing the project. Personally I would telephone Louise and Francisco directly to assuage any concerns I might have about the project. Their contact information is readily available. Morebread - the only Louise picture I have been able to find is this one: <url>"it is okay" to stay quiet for weeks because they are "busy". Palmer Luckey from Oculus raised way more money, delivered the product, is constantly busy, and yet he has time to answer questions on Facebook, he has time for media to make interviews and so... and take into consideration that Oculus is way way bigger than vArse. If such a small team with such simple product can't keep up with us.. how are we supposed to believe in their words? I asked for my money back, I would not be here "trolling" as some of you might call it if I just got it. I get my money back and you won't from me anymore. @Urbantrike - people like you make me sick. Every once in a while there is always someone who comes out from the middle of nowhere. You only asked about the shipping here before and nothing else. You just lost $10, I'm just an ordinary guy who really likes VR and decided to give a decent amount of money in exchange for a working smartphone case. People like you make delays and lack of contact/updates/answers seem "normal" and due to that, most of the Kickstarter project gives unreal delivery time - to gain more backers because they could potentially get their product faster. There isn't that many people posting here - if you tell me it's difficult to keep up with that then maybe you should not use internet at all.. @James - I have only posted what is publicly available. Just look... no one told who Louise is. There is absotutly no reason not to tell us. I asked to introduce the whole team - so we can know who are we dealing with - and they can't even do that. Ask for an update regarding the device - they can't do that because they are afraid of being copied... Well guess what, if some chinese factory wants to make money on mobile VR, no matter what you do, you won't be able to protect from that. Just look how Pressy ends up - after raising 700k they still can't deliver such a simple device. Here they "only" got 66k which is a very small goal. I don't believe they have the skills to create a good quality smartphone case. I don't believe they put together a nice team of people to work on a next gen mobile VR. Just tell me, why hasn't been there an update for a perfect fit case for Note 3? Why? What do we REALLY know about the future of the device, besides new straps and some "simulated" images of the new lenses? Still nothing, after 6 months! This is just too much and at that point this project is more than the team can handle. So it doesn't feel like we funded a startup we just funded a side project for EYEDAK giving them some business , so we'll get a product eventually, but they didn't really feel obliged to keep us informed because the have a company anyway. And yes Louise is not seen in any picture or video. So we shut up and wait many months after the promises for something we hope will be suitable and fits the phone we might have by then. So more meaningless nothings from vArse they have now move on from empty promises to techno babble there is still no reveal of the finalized design so business as usual, the only surprise being that they are now using the name of the UK shell company EYEDAK Ltd , so is this there attempt to distance themselves from the KS ? and still no sign of Louise Bankhead anywhere in the update where is she? Once upon a time there was a girl called Louise she met a boy called Francisco and he promised her the world and she being a kind trusting girl believed him, unfortunately Francisco , also known as Francisco Hernandez Francisco Jose Hernandez Francisco Jose Hernandez Navarro (depending on where on the internet you look) was not the person Louise thought he was and after some time had passed Louise realized that Francisco was not a nice person at all. But it was too late Francisco had used her in a most vile way to spin straw into gold, all Louise saw of this was an unpaid job as company secretary for a limited company worth nothing called Eydak Ltd. So you see the moral of this story is for you to decide dear reader but I leave you with this 2 Lochend Road South, Edinburgh, Scotland is the registered address for Eyedak Ltd This address also appears to be a residential building and is listed as the address of Louise Bankhead it also appears on legal documents as the address of Francisco Hernandez Navarro. Francisco has been a busy little boy he appears on the web facebook, linkedin and google strangely there are no linkedin for Louise Bankhead apart from a brief appearance on google+ with 3 follower one of which is Francisco <url>’t you think? I leave you all to take what you wish from my tale of woe. @Chris- I am quite happy to defend the vRase Team. I have found them to be, both in person and via email, to be thoroughly engaging and professional. I take real issue with your accusations of lying, in the rather pathetic abuse of calling someone a scumbag and posting their telephone number on here. I wonder what you are trying to achieve by doing this? Have you tried the product in person? If so, then I would be fascinated to hear your review of it. If not, then might I suggest you listen to those of us who have? My understanding is that there is an anticipated delivery schedule of June. By my reckoning that is somewhere between 6 and 10 weeks away. Maybe in the interim you could find another project or two to back on here. I think it might benefit you to support other creators, who will undoubtedly benefit from your forensic examination of their project, honour and credibility. $10 says Chris is a competitor trying to salt vrAse project. One backed project and 78 comments? Go troll somewhere else, bro. Haters abound! Listen, you signed up to fund a project... an idea. You need to have patience. You either trust these guys can deliver and you back them or you don't and you don't. Delays are a part of the process and updates take a huge amount of effort to deliver and deal with comments and questions. We heard great things about vrase before, now we hear them again. I guess only time will tell, as you can't really expect anything from the team. They are constantly with delays - videos, updates etc. So who is picking themselves off the floor , it'll take a bit to digest but interesting if it checks out. What does it actually mean in the end. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Chris, pm me the post you wanted to make and I post it. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Chris, Thanks for all the updates... :) -But please keep it rated g please... There are 782 backers in the same spot as you :P, and most if not all are eager for an update too on the final design. From their website maintenance picture, it looks like vrAse got a slight logo tweak for the better. You're welcome! There is absolutely no reason to visit their website or forums, it's empty and the product is not released. They are so ridiculous that they keep posting bullshit stuff on their Twitter to gain more followers and yet they stay silent on Kickstarter. thanks chris! i don't visit thair website so often! It was uploaded to the website on 27th March 2014. It was posted before on their Twitter. <url>‏@vrAse_live 1m Biggest news of the year for electronics?? Nanodot-based smartphone battery that recharges in 30 seconds <url>~/61075519/0/gizmag~Nanodotbased-smartphone-battery-that-recharges-in-seconds/ … So who's up for defending the team? Pascal Schwenk? Twitter: vrAse ‏@vrAse_live 3h Having some problems with our servers! Please bear with us until we get them solved!! They have enough time to give people a unnecessary update about website being down? What valuable information are there that it has to stay online? Where do you advertise yourself? Why is it down for X time within last few weeks? Here is a phone number of Miguel, maybe someone feels like having a chat? +34 699 212 323 Confirming that it's down. It's the third time for me since yesterday. If you click on "Louise Bankhead" on the right side, you will get a popup with last login details, and as for now it says - Last login Apr 7 2014 - which is today. What a complete bullshit. <url>"team" of vArse has lost any credibility that they had left. They are constantly lying, ignoring us the people who allowed it all to happen in a first place. They won't refund our money. I guess all we have left is calling names now and contacting credit card company to mark this transaction as scam, because that's what this project is - a scam. Scumbag Miguel talks more to media than to us. You can't provide shit for months, you asks us to ask questions on Twitter and forums because it's hard to keep up with comments here? You got to be fucking kidding me. Yep we either get something or we don't now , we ain't going to have any say in it now ... Unless they admit they haven't started and a miracle happens and they ask for help / feed back ... But they have along way to get us back on their side now I think, so many promises "However, before this week is over, we promise you a substantial update." I said this before. DON'T promise things then fail to deliver! Look around Vrase, by the time you release this product of yours, there will be a better one out there. You are a fine example of how to fail a project in every aspect! Is that the problem ? We assume they are on Earth and the days are 24hrs , if their days are longer then their weeks might be longer, so they may think they doing fine with regular weekly updates and the project is on course. Silly us, not establishing a time and space frame of reference in common. Let's not give up too easily, there is still nearly 12 hours left if they are in Honolulu now! 12:21:10 HAST Sunday, 6 April 2014 I too wait with baited breath at what news they bring from the land of vrAse in the last hours of the week, (depends if they use GMT for the time zone) Every thing is fine from here, both site and forum works. Shall we place bets if there will be an update tonight? There is a bit more than 3 hours left till end of the week. vArse forum is down, website does not load.. I bet there won't be an update. To step up your game.. "VRelia" has showed some of their prototypes, including smartphone case. <url>"However, before this week is over, we promise you a substantial update." substantial: 1. of considerable importance, size, or worth. 2. concerning the essentials of something. There is about 36 hours left till the end of this week. If you are not planning to show anything new and essential to us, please do not bother to say anything at all. I don't care about delays at this stage. @karmeck You make me smile its been 6 months and nothing, how can you really think there is nothing wrong with vArse?? time after time promises and nothing, 3 weeks ago a update saying ready for production and they will show the new design and what happens ? nothing no explanation no reveal of the new design and no information of any use. But for some reason you still defend them why? am I exaggerating the problem? no we have no timescale no sign of a product why you still think that there isn't a problem amazes me can you show me anything that vArse has done since getting the money that shows there is a product? Go back and read the Risks and challenges section and then tell me that they are not either A.completely incompetent (so they willl never produce anything) B. just a bunch of scam artist (so they have spent the money) Even using the timeline you are talking about by there own estimates if they had a finalized design as they claimed 3 weeks ago and were ready for production there would be manufacturing samples by now so where are they? from vArse "Good news... The final design is finally finished! This means two important things: the first one is that next week we will enter into the final stage, production." Then nothing just some BS to try and get user onto vArse forums with "Truth is, it is quite complicated for us to keep track of all your comments on Kickstarter" translation of this is cant spin kickstarter, cant control the posts need to build up a new community we can control and then we can start taking preorders . Cant keep track of a few hundred messages on kickstarter how are vArse going to run a production schedule? "dont be so fast to call them liars and scammers?" I waited 6 months before I called them that how long should I wait? Thanks @ Krzysztof! i will DIY <url>"no name" HMD for smartphones: <url>"updates" coherent in no22 thy state "Good news... The final design is finally finished! This means two important things: the first one is that next week we will enter into the final stage, production." So they have a finalized design and are ready for production? ere no let me translate this for you lies lies lies why do i say this? because its 3 weeks since they posted that and nothing been shown they have now posted - Dual side head straps: WILL make it to final device. - Second strap over the top: WILL make it to final device. er hold on didnt you say that the design was finished 3 weeks ago? so as I said before vArse= scam + lies Francisco Hernandez Navarro you are a thief and a liar. Well Peter if vrase had gotten 1m$ I think we would have seen more updates. But now they did not. vrAse where are you ? All eaten by Nessie ? Just found this article: <url>"There is alternatively another method (we are not aware that a solution like this is currently available for smartphones), that is the use of a driver for smartphone (like <url>" <url>"The big advantages for the vrAse, though, are the price and the open nature of the platform. Francisco Hernandez, Eyedak's COO, told us that the vrAse would sell for "less than $100", and that it would take a small team of developers "a couple of days" to adapt even a detailed Android game like Grand Theft Auto III for full face-mounted 3D. Video is even easier: because the system uses side-by-side 3D, there's no fancy polarisation or timing required, it's simply a matter of splitting the screen to show two angles. " "A couple of days" to adapt a detailed Android game like GTA3... and you can't give us a decent update for months? This is such a scam! And once again, there is no phone on the market that can handle 3D gaming at a smooth level! So this is false advertising, as first, Rockstar is not going to create a SBS version of their game. This is really stupid. So many websites have published some articles about vrAse and ALL of them were using the old 3D printed prototypes. It's safe to assume that there is no "consumer" model produced (yet). Everyone wants to show their latest prototypes, to get as much positive PR as they can, but vrAse team strategy is completely different.. Let's impress the people who never used VR! Let them hold vrAse close to their face and pose for a smiley picture! We should show them what we created a year ago! I still want my money back. I fully regret supporting this. VR is going big, but you guys can't bring it to the masses. You have missed the opportunity and have misrepresented yourself from the very beginning. vrAse is over before it had a chance to take off.. Vrase Team! Please do me a favour and have a look at a project called CST - the Wrold's thinnest watch and look at their updates. When you did that, please look at your own updates and tell me if you have anything to be ashamed about. They raised countless times more money than you did and they go to extraodrinary lenghts to keep their backers happy and informed. They are creating an entirely new product that didn't exist before and they are not secretive about it like you are! For me there is no point to go on your forum and discuss anything since there is nothign to talk about. We don't know anything about the product which only seem to exist on paper in a form of a nicely rendered image.(makes me smile actually writing this). Regardless of what you do, the day is coming when you either have to confess of failing or show what you have. You can not avoid it or get any more money from us so better do it now. In case you come up with the best idea and start another project here on KS, you can be sure that I will NOT be one of your backers. So still nothing from vArse no proof of a product and the production start up mentioned 2 "updates" ago that was going to start next week has come and gone with no explanation. Only signs of life are a laughable attempt to convince everyone they should move to the vArse forums so that they can a.Controll the comments made b. try to boost the forum posts to make it look like they have a vibrant eager user base. pretty pathetic really just more of the same old smoke and mirrors PR BS. So my vArse Question of the day is who said "Basically the machine we are not talking about electronics so basically we are not talking about many months of development integrating electronics its just a very special case its just basically all plastic, OK very well designed plastics and everything but we don't have to deal with electronics it should not take many months to take it to market" answer is Miguel Schiaffino vrAse Mmmmmmmmmm if only this was true. I must be honest, I had a good laugh after seeing that post. It's still April Fools here! Another thread here says that there will be no perfect fit case for the Note 3.. A phone that was released before Kickstarter has ended and is being recommended as "the way to go" phone by the team. <url>#p70 Who is this posting as Louise Bankhead? its not her is it, how sad vArse having to use a fictitious character to post on the forum. Francisco Hernandez Navarro show yourself stop lurking in the shadows. Join us on the forum.HaHa whats the matter cant censor the posts on kickstarter can you. First you advised us to use Twitter, and now you want us to use the forums? We are Kickstarters. Just find the time and address our issues HERE. Do not promise us anything because you can't keep up promises. Some people on here seems to be missing the point and seem to be getting embroiled in name calling and childish tit for tat. 1) Quite simply I and others have no issue with expected delays on projects 2) The problem I and others have is the complete lack of informative, substantial updates to those that backed this project. I have to say I agree with those defending the vrase team as well as those labelled as trolls and trouble makers. The fact of the matter is we would not be having this discussion at all if we had any form of consistent update with some form of substance. I can appreciate the vrase team may be incredibly busy, but in my mind that is not an excuse to leave backers in the dark and once in a blue moon recycle the contents from a previous update. How long does it take to write a couple paragraphs with REAL information? Schwenk - why don't you go to vArse forum and post positive feedback there? You seem to be among these 6 guys that do believe in this project. I'm not going to talk to a pig like you, so don't waste your (and my) time trying to troll me. vArse and their ideas.. I really appreciate Stefan Welker work - he created Durovis Dive WITHOUT Kickstarter. He is active in VR community, he created Open Dive - a vArse that anyone with a 3D printer can print (+pair of lenses +head strap - together for 7 euros). He provided Unity plugin to create games for it. He even ported Quake 2 for VR on Android. Now look at vArse achievements - ... long list, isn't it? @everone there is no way you can compare vArse to SmartThings, Ouya and Pebble the level of production needed are magnitudes higher so you would expect delay, but vArse what a joke they haven't managed to produce anything. Im unhappy about the situation with vArse because they have lied from the start go back and read the original Kickstarter they represented the project as ready for production no technical hurdles to overcome and then what happened ? Nothing no proof of anything apart from the 3d printed "prototypes" they have been pimping all over the shows. Why should they be able to do this and have no blow back? they are a bunch of con artist and Kickstarter is enabling them to get away with it, refusing to release any information on who the money was paid citing "privacy concerns" which is the biggest load Ive heard in a while and ive read all of vArse's "updates. Kickstarter need to wake up they take a %fee but from what I can see they are just a laundering service. So in the interest of being more "positive" who knows real name and address of the company behind vArse? So we can all go and get our money back when they vanish in a amazing a fantastic puff of smoke? after blaming North Korea and a pack of wild dogs for their failure to produce a product. How long is reasonable? how many chances do they need to do what they promised all those long months ago? @Paul & @Jack … Krzy-stop is just that, a BIG Troll… take a look at what he says (promoting other products and just posting negative stuff about vrAse). Hey @Krzy-stop , if you don't like what vrAse is capable of doing, why you backed it in the first place?, the only thing you have to do is to come around here and post negative stuff in YOUR ONLY BACKED KS PROJECT?. Go ahead guys… take a look at his 60+ trolling comments and make up your mind. I agree with Krzysztof and Morebread. If VRASE were decent enough then they would at least address the issues reaised by their backers but instead, they are HIDING and I believe the reason for that is beacuse they have nothing to show that would prove otherwise. Mentioning Pebble? Surely they haven't had financial issues with the millions they raised. Vrase barely reached their goal and I am sure that our money is spent on travelling around promoting their prototype hoping to get a massive bulk order isntead of trying to fulfill their promisies to their backers. Are we negative here? Prove us wrong Vrase! Until I get actual facts about the product I am with the two guys mentioned above. Paul, I don't think it's really about the delay itself.. it's more about lack of any decent communication from vrAse team. For months they have been telling us that everything is going well and great. Few weeks before delivery time they just hired experts (so more than 1) and till this day, we did not even find their names. Louise Bankhead has never appeard in any of the videos, either from Gamescom, or from the exhibit in Spain few weeks ago. At this stage, I can't just believe that the team is working. I've been patient for months, and my patience has run to an end. I'm fully aware about the delays of Pebble and Ouya (and other Kickstarter projects) but none of them was as ignorant as vrAse is. So if you call that ****... let it be that way. So again, in few words - since Kickstarter has ended, there was not a single information released that we did not know before. We are exactly at the same stage as in October 2013. @Morebread I understand your frustrations but you are not being constructive are you? As a backer of quite a few products you simply MUST be aware that most Kickstarter projects run over. I've been waiting for my SmartThings hub for over a year. It was supposed to deliver in Dec 2012 but they are only now shipping to Europe. Am I annoyed about it? Yeah, I wanted my stuff ages ago. Am I **** about it? No. And the reason is that I'm an intelligent person who understands that a start-up company who wishes to be successful must make certain promises when they make a pitch. I also realise that a lot of the time those promises are very hard to pull off when the product actually gets to manufacturing. vrAse, and SmartThings before them (also Pebble and Ouya if you're aware of those massively successful projects?) were required by Kickstarter to give us a delivery date and they've given us their best possible date. Unfortunately it's not been possible to hit that date but that doesn't mean we won't get our products. SmartThings, Ouya and Pebble all had similar issues with production and delivery. But they DID deliver, and so will vrAse. What Morebread said. What's the point of any discussion at this moment for anything else but the product? We have to face reality. Current gen of phones is only capable of media consuming and few simple games at stable framerate. Forget about streaming games from your computer, as the latency will be too high for a pleasant experience. Of course vrAse won't mention it. I have developed some sample scenes in Unity and used "their" SDK. Result? I tried them with Open Dive and Note 3. It works, but although my scene is rather low poly and quite optimized, Note 3 still struggles to give a decent framerate. So what do you want to discuss... We need more powerful devices for gaming. vrAse is as real as True Player Gear or VRelia is... it's vaporware, unless they finally reveal what they have. <url>"amazing" vArse have misrepresented themselves from day one read the Risks and challenges section Quote " we are ready to start doing our first volume built." they failed at every milestone and Kickstarter continues to aid them in there shoddy business practices do you really think they will ever ship the promised product? we are still waiting for the product shots and production run that was promised in the last fairy story they posted as an update. Still dont panic we can always get our money back? oh sorry no you cant vArse is not even a legal entity there is a shell company reg in the UK under a different name but you wont see it named on any of the Kickstarter pages. Wake up people you have been mugged. I can't help but feel that perhaps the 'Vrase sucks' + 'Krzysztof is a troll' conversation is really not helping any of us. Can we just accept that the Vrase guys; whilst clearly not outstanding in their duties - will provide us with the product at some point, and that as the products' backers, we should really start discussing its possible applications, and possible collaborations? I would like to believe that many of you are clever technical and creative people interested in the same areas of tech, media and software. I am myself a motion designer and compositor, equipped and experienced in stereoscopic 3d production. I am interested in perhaps discussing with some app/Unity programmers ideas for simple projects that could be really awesome on this type of device. So, any chance I can shift the discussion that way? What's your story, Krzysztof? :P So what has happened to the promised reveal of the new design and the start of production? Yet again vArse fail to produce any proof they have a product. Nice new forum is vArse whats the point of a forum when there is no product ? So no surprises here vArse still fails....... (no I didn't misspell it I've decided to rename them) because they are so vArse Yeah, but you wrote it, like Adolf Hitler, and you also want to destroy everything like Adolf Hitler. By the way... <url>"If you tell a big enough lie and tell it frequently enough, it will be believed." @Krzysztof, stop lying to us! <url>"Just to make this chat a little bit more constructive, here it is an interesting article I just reviewed about vrAse (google-translated): <url>" You defend the team because you actually have the product. Me, and more than 700 other backers have seen shit and heard shit. So shove it up deeply. James Dellow mentioned that he saw a picture of the new design. Has anyone been able to confirm that? Are they really showing only a picture and not the actual product? <url>"We hired experts in optics to get an even better result for the lenses and the design has been totally upgraded, clearly improved.") are still not listed on the website. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. @Pascal - who's the parent of VR then? Anything made before Oculus Rift was a parody of VR. There was nothing available regarding SDK. It appears to be posted by Néstor Viña León which is not part of the team... so? Stop trolling. Let the team speak for themselves. And this one is much better from our dear-stupid friend... "[Oculus Rift] They are the parents of the VR" ...any more lies @Krzysztof? This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. 3 weeks ago vrAse said: "Within the next weeks we will continue making updates to keep you informed about everything that is happening (and which do not compromise the project, of course). We want to improve the exchanges with our backers and we are doing everything we can. Although, we would like you to understand we want to make updates when there is something interesting to share." So there has not been anything interesting to share yet? vrAseSDK for Unity3D now out: <url>"vrAse: much better than Oculus VR" ... is it? Find it out yourself. <url>"it's the only device in the world that does perfect 3D" - awesome technology huh? care to explain a bit more? i think Sony HMZ-T1 and many other devices have already achieved that. - "every head movement is translated into the world" - does it include positional tracking? - "we have the final design" - but still won't show anything? - they expect to deliver the mass production unit to kickstarter backers in the summer - retail price is set for about 100 euros, but that is to be confirmed - lenses - made by hand, they are 'really' looking into optics, they do not distort the image So.. Honestly, nothing new I think. Yes vrAse have such good marketing they've sold it as a finished product to Facebook Yeah I heard such rumors. Facebook must have been surprised to find a wireless Oculus Rift for 1/3 of a price! Is the reason why we haven't seen anything because they sold out to Facebook ? Nothing new, it's an old shot. It's in the slide on the top of the page, think it was image 2. Really? I can't see anything new. Can you post a screenshot? There is a new photo (render?) one thire home page that show the inside of vrase. I did not put my money in Sony Morpheus product. I did support Oculus Rift, but any kind of delay will be accepted, because these guys are constantly in contact with developers, and they are making huge improvements. They are the parents of the VR. The way vrAse acts is very lame. They do not care about us at all, and they do not share with us at all. Once again, this project is supposed to be started by Louise Bankhead - but has anyone ever seen that person? No interview, no group pictures. The way they approach us, Kickstarters is unforgettable. Even if they do release the product, I won't forget how we were treated. Some of you are okay with that - maybe you are used to throw money around and hear nothing back. James - some people need a purpose in life. Something to get worked-up about. Something to feel righteous indignation about. They rarely achieve anything worthwhile themselves, as it's so much easier to take pot-shots at those who are trying. These people are best ignored. Thanks for your report. Very much looking forward to seeing the final thing. Good luck to the team! Genuinely can't comprehend the scepticism on display. I have used the vrAse and am thus speaking from a position of knowledge. It is great and is the best piece of wearable tech I have used to date. I would have thought that this would be good news for everyone. It appears that having now had confirmation that the product exists and delivers, the focus has now moved away from this and onto questioning the final version. I wonder if you are posting complaints to Sony that they haven't presented a final version of Morpheus or to Oculus about the consumer version of the Rift? As to the delivery date, Miguel told me that they expected to ship around June. And another stating April <url>"high profile VR headset" have you used? Why didn't you name it? I don't think it's against any rules to say if it was Oculus Rift, Sony, Durovis Dive or anything else.. It would be worth saying what kind of phone was sitting inside. It makes a huge difference. If you have seen the new design, what is the main material? What about space for nose? What about light blocking? Comparing vrAse (shell + lenses) to Google Glass is nonsense, as the first is just shell for smartphone, and Glass is a whole new product, with huge resources for R&D. I tried the vrAse today at The Wearable Tech Show and was totally blown away by the experience. Having recently used another high profile VR headset the experience was so much better, with a much crisper picture and complete freedom of movement. Without doubt it will be completely worth the wait and the new design looks absolutely stunning. I was also delighted to meet Miguel, who came across as incredibly enthusiastic and passionate about the project. And for those who seem intent on creating mischief/nonsense/issues, you might want to have a think about the length of time Google has taken with Google Glass or Apple with the iWatch. There are projects on here that are taking advantage of people, but, put simply, this isn't one of them. So basically fix up and stop spoiling the experience for everyone else. Before 21st of June.. that is if everything goes according to their plan. So far nothing went as planned. Before 21st June... Could be a very long wait until we get our hands on the final product :( <url>"Good news... The final design is finally finished! This means two important things: the first one is that next week we will enter into the final stage, production. We are going to use the best manufacture techniques to produce vrAse. The second thing is that we are working to protect our product from copies and when these is done we will show it to you." Where is the Product? where is the promised "show it to you" once again vrAse fails to deliver the only thing that they have manufactured during this Kickstarter is a consistent fabric of lies and deceit. I would like to thank Kickstarter for the help they have given to the vrAse team in perpetuating this fraud by refusing to supply details of who the Kickstarter funds were paid too when requested, congratulations Kickstarter on your money laundering operation. From the comments on engadget from someone who tested it: I had the opportunity to try out the 5" vrAse.. Unfortunately it was not at all what i expected. The image was not filling my whole field of view, probably because of the size and the fixed distance of the lens. It was like i was watching a projector screen in a totally dark room. No sensation of being "inside". I guess this is not happening with the Note 3 which has bigger screen and can fill the whole field of view. Also, the device was sitting directly to my nose making it impossible to wear it for more than a few minutes. Another guy with a smaller nose or at least with a shape that didn't matter in this case, had no problem. A couple of months before a friend gave me the Durovis Dive which although it has smaller lens and a lot of light comes inside from the bottom and the sides it was much more immerse as it was filling my whole field of view. For anyone wondering, 2D gaming and normal movies don't work with any of these devices. They can be used only with side-by-side content, movies or games. For movies though there are a couple of SBS players but they don't support subtitles. I have with my infinite wisdom come to the conclusion that they have nothing to say, the info we got before was something they could give us over and over as everything was new. Now then nothing is new there is nothing to to talk about. the only thing that is new is the design witch they will not share and this is to preserve their business. So now if they cant talk design, at the same time they cant talk about how they achieved this new design wither as that would be like giving away everything they worked on for free. As the work they have done to come to this final design costs money they have invested in this work. So they cant post about it. Thire final card is the new design, a secret to keep ppl coming back for then it is reviled. Maybe they even sell the first images as an exclusive just like some game makers do. James Dellow - I do have questions about credibility, and I did see the Engadget article about vrAse. And I still do question their credibility. I'm going to repeat myself all over again. Before and during the campaign we were receiving regular updates about the product, if people had questions team tried to provide some information, they promised to make it compatible with as many devices as possible, but the absolute truth is NOTHING has been revealed since Kickstarter has ended. I repeat, NOTHING. For few months they've been lying to us that everything is going great. 2 weeks before update that mentioned 'few weeks delay' (in reality 3 months) they said units are going to be in production soon, and we will be the first one to know about it. They do not give a single F about us. I do not give a single F what is going on behind closed door, because team is completely ignorant, I can't just believe their nice words. Someone mentioned here in the comments that he did see the new "final design" and he said that "it looks like made by Apple" or something like this. It doesn't convince me either. Truth is, design does not really matter - we will look like total geeks no matter what the design is when wearing VR glasses - but they keep it as a secret. They keep as a secret also details about lenses, IPD and way more things. They have announced to hire an expert for optics few weeks back. Terrible move to have an expert on team just few weeks before delivering actual product. I thought lenses was the sole fundamental of the whole idea. Without lenses there is no VR, so what the hell have you been doing team with our money? That's how I feel about this project and you can't change that. I have way better contact with team of other projects supported via Kickstarter. Don't expect nice words when there is nothing to base them on. sony unveiled its hmd and welcome virtual reality to ps4 :D Its called project morpheus :) Maybe anyone with questions about the credibility of the vrAse should check out this- <url>éstor Viña León. @Sagar, thanks for posting it. Question to everyone about a quote from the engadget article "An optimized app splits its output into two -- side by side." Is vrAse developing their own app to run the phone's screen in SBS? THAT would be a pleasant surprise because I don't remember hearing anything of that sort. Anyone hear something I missed? It says the final designs to be ready by summer. Finally an Engadget hand on of the VrAse : <url>"everything is great". It is indeed worrisome that they are unable to provide any substance at this late stage. I for one have checked back here at least twice a day (sad I know). I was genuinely excited about this project. I can except delays in production and I appreciate KS is not a shop but the lack of any real substantial information to date is completely unprofessional. Ok I see that everyone is slagging of Krzysztof here. I am not defending anyone here or take sides, but you all need to realise that vrase misled you again. They promised everything to calm the people down. Have they delivered what was promised? - NO. I personally have no trust whatsoever in the person writing the vrase updates. I don't know who it is and I don't really care, all I see is the facts which is that we are not getting any useful factual information from them. They promise everything then they don't deliver. I understand that they are busy doing their own thing, but then don't promise BS just to calm us down. That's is very unprofessional vrase! There is no need to get aggravated here and fight each other, but the fact is fact. Vrase is not being honest and open to us. lol Guys you need to be patient. It's been only 4 days after their own deadline! Are you going to come through for us backers and show this promised video? @louise any news regarding the first factory model? and when the promised video is gonna show up? :) That's very interesting @Krzysztof!. So... let's check from <url>"If you spend a great deal of your time pretending to be an asshole to get a reaction from people...you aren't pretending. You are an asshole." @Pascal do you really expect them to report me? If you haven't noticed, vrAse does not care about anything here. They do not answer to questions, they haven't showed us ANY new material regarding the project we supported since the campaign has ended. Delivery time was estimated for February 2014, we have middle of March 2014 and still ZERO NEW INFORMATIONS. This is not the only project I supported - but the first one with this account. Good luck with your life, and open your eyes. They can't even deliver a stupid video on time with smiling people from the previous exhibit. I just updated my astronomy app for iPhone (Pocket Universe) to support split-screen images to work with devices like the vrAse. I'm looking forward to trying it out with my own headset very much indeed! good one @Pascal! This guy is a complete loser The only MISTAKE in here is you @Krzysztof, that just backed one project and backed the wrong one... hahaha! I don't understand how KS allows trolls like you posting in chats like this. Hey Vrase team! Why don't you talk with KS to ban this parasite!? It's so irritating! "We are creating a video with all the amazing moments we experienced at the Congress. It will be ready at the end of this week or at the beginning of the next one." We are official in the second half of the week right now, where is the video? Why it's taking you such a long time to do it? Is this how you are trying to get your trust back? Well it's not happening. You can't deliver t-shirts on time, you can't create video on time, you can't share anything with us and you can't refund the money. This project is a MISTAKE. Sugarcoating all year long. Are we? They didn't state clearly that they will show it to us here, on the web. I think it's only for the Kickstarters who are going to attend the exhibit. Anyway, we are getting closer to the middle of the week, and the video is not ready. Another bad sign from the team. Yes at last we will see the final desing :) Their Twitter sais that the final design is almost ready. "Remember...we´ll be @Wearabletecshow next week!!. Find us & try #vrAse at Nº25. Also we´ll show our KS backers the final #design !!" Yup, looks like they are using driver injector for OpenGL. Perhaps with an app like this we could do something similar. It's kinda outdated now as last update was in 2011, but maybe there is a similar app. <url>#t=182 there, at about 2:40 he talks about some kinda driver overlay. but seeing as they have the developers name on their page I think we are looking at a modified game file for each game. @Alex Warto Thing is everything they get we will get as it is android after all and everything will work on any device as long as you have the power to use it. And nice to see some android games in sbs, either they have some special drivers or the games were custom made for this device with i find hard to believe. Tho, a driver may be harder to port then a costume made gamefile. Future? As far as I remember GameFace in current form uses whole 'interior' straight from a Oculus Rift devkit. This is more of a gimmick, as it will be hard to upgrade the hardware. I like the idea of phone case more, as I can upgrade my phone easily, and I always have it with me. Just wondering if vrAse is the device I'm looking for. Oculus has already stated that at some point they want the HMD to become "mobile" - ie you can use it without plugging it into anything, and you can also use it with your PC for more serious gaming etc. Time will tell, I don't think it's gonna happen with the CV1. <url>#!home Now this is the future of mobile android vr!!! Another delay - the video did not get released before end of the week, let's see if you can make it at the beginning of this one. Morebread - we can't get our money back, all we have left is just waiting. They mentioned few times that this is Kickstarter - not an online shop - but yeah, we are being misinformed since day one. I stopped with my development as team is unable to give us any specifications about the upcoming product. SDK is still not available. Basically we have to base our work on plugin made for Durovis Dive headsets. Hi fellow backers want to hear a joke? "All the components used in vrAse are easily available on the market, and the manufacturing partners can piece together the final product promptly. The manufacturing program is not reliant on new technologies and/ or capabilities which need to be developed, so the risk is considerably minimized." The rest of the Risks and challenges section on the KS page is almost as funny, you can say one thing about vrAse they are consistent, they lied from day one. You may have considered exhibiting here already but thought I'd let you know about The Gadget show Live show , they do a London show too. <url>"shell for smartphone and optics", if you wanted that you should have gotten an open dive printed instead. I backed vrase because I wanted a more polished piece, so I'm content to let an polish. And please keep up the tiny updates and ignoring the naysayers, it's almost enjoyable at this point(hardly, but mostly it's not worth your time anyways) Thanks for the update and glad MWC went so well. Can't wait to meet you and try the vrAse @ The Wearable Tech Show. @Pascal, it's really great to hear this news, I'm glad it's really impressive and that the new design looks awesome too. :) Wow, @Krzysztof is still trying hard to be the troll of the year. You should improve your abilities, it's so easy to see what you're doing. Anyway, a work mate and I had a fast meeting with two members of the Vrase team at MWC: Francisco and Miguel. They showed us the 3d printed prototype that we all know and loaded a game called "hexa" in a Galaxy Note. In my opinion the experience is simply amazing, period. As I do not have a tech profile, neither have I tested Oculus or Durovis, consider this as a first impression from a normal user. I think that the quality of the image is extremely good. The case is not heavy, looks strong enough and fits well in the face (at least mine). About the game, I can say that it is created with Unity (nothing new, I guess) and that it works like a charm. The goal is to collect coins with a spaceship that you move with your head. It's so immersive that you have to take care about not falling down the floor. My work mate, that is a tech-freak, has also tested Durovis and said to me that Durovis is definitely worst than Vrase (lenses, the case… everything). After playing with Hexa a little bit I asked them if I could see the new design of the case. And so they did... wow! Looks like designed by Apple! I mean, they have studied everything in detail. They told us not to reveal any specific detail... ok, I will just say that my mate and I were very-very impressed. Francisco and Miquel are two nice guys with a really nice device. The proof? So many people wanted to see the device that even the security guards had to put some order. Really. You had to see the face of the people after the test. The smile is guaranteed. The next day I had the chance to see again Miguel and I asked him how vrase can manage such a tight budget (hey, one MWC ticket is about 800 euro!) Simply, he said: we work for free, we were invited to every congress for free, we sleep in a friend's house, we travel with Ryan Air... Jesus Christ, I hope my boss is not reading this! Miguel told me that the backer's money is for creating the best mobile case ever. Well, it seems so. Just one more thing: Barcelona is a really nice city and the MWC is amazing, but if you plan to go to the MWC next year, take my advice and bring your own food because it's horrible. @Krzysztof ... why don't you do improve your skills with #the_food_at_mwc_stinks ? @Paul, good one! LOL this is pretty comical now. Nice update. Can't wait to see how Krzysztof responds :-) I don't think they deserve last chance here. They are creating a very simple product - shell for smartphone plus optics. Not a big deal here. They do not have to deal with factories that produce the head tracking chipsets like Oculus does. They do not work on a SDK. How are we supposed to create content for vrAse? There is no Unity plugin made by the team. If someone want to use Unity in stereoscopic 3D with headtracking, then we have to use plugin made by the same guy who released Durovis Dive. Delays were expected, and I'm really not surprised about them. It's just a real shame for the team that they can't deliver ANY information about the product, and the reason for that is because they are afraid that someone else will release vrAse under different name? That's why I want my refund. There aren't that many people who asked for refund here (let's say maximum 10?) so it isn't a huge amount of money that vrAse can't refund. If they had any good will, they would simply do it. Palmer Luckey was doing refunds for the people from Kickstarter who just couldn't afford to wait any longer or so. But vrAse can't. I don't know if they have the potential. Honestly, we have seen shit. Modified Open Dive with bigger lenses. We don't know anything else, except for estimated FOV of the virtual screen. 2 weeks before last update everything was going great and the units were supposed to be in the production soon. But then they just hired optics expert. Someone we can't even know name of... Maybe it's The John Carmack? ;) It's simple bombard their tweeter with negative comments till they refund: <url>"not possible" because they have already allocated our money into production. Then show what you have done so far? We HAVE TO see the new design. I do not believe it's ready. I do not believe that April/May is a realistic date at all. You can't even print 7 t-shirts to the people who wanted to support you? Your company is over before it was even able to take off. IF vrAse ever gets released, I'll be sure to do proper advertisement for it. Surprisingly enough, most of the mobile developers that work with VR apps are only mentioning Durovis Dive or the Open Dive. Very few people even mention vrAse name. But of course, I don't know anything that goes behind closed door, and I'm sure you have an army of developers creating content for you. This project is more than you can handle. Even taking care of the Kickstarter page itself is a huge task. Maybe you should hire a Kickstarter expert? I can volunteer! VRASE! You are incredibly ignorant people! All you do is hiding. You can't respond to any of the comments/questions here because you know they are true. During the campaign you were literally begging us to support your product on an hourly basis. Where are you now?? You barely managed to reach your goal and without us posting your project all over the internet you WOULD NOT have achieved it! Why don't you grow a pair of balls and respond to people. I want you to remember this: " If your project is successfully funded, you are required to fulfil all rewards or refund any backer whose reward you do not or cannot fulfil." This is from the KS FAQ section. I hope you can see the REFUND bit. As you can see you can't hide forever. Enough is enough. Hello guys, Finally here is an article in which the vRase from the MWC is displayed. It is demo of other product which is made for vRase. <url>"Great liars are also great magicians." "Hate is more lasting than dislike." "If you tell a big enough lie and tell it frequently enough, it will be believed." "Make the lie big, make it simple, keep saying it, and eventually they will believe it." You like quoting famous people, and so do I.. @Louise: you're falling behind on this trend: <url>· · March 1 at 5:24pm vrAse Yes...we know... we try to do as best as we can. It seems we can´t make everybody happy. Let´s keep on pushing though!. Thanks. You try to do as best as you can? Wow, then it's really really low. You can't make everybody happy - but are there people who are happy with you? I could count them with my fingers on one hand. @louise When are you gonna release that promised video from mwc? really waiting for it. If anyone would like to have a closer look at the 3D printed prototype, see here: <url>‏@vrAse_live 3h Our first #birthday on twitter!!!! Wow. They continue to impress me even more. Total ignorance. Why would anyone really follow their Twitter anyway? 90% of the stuff they post is bullshit not related to vrAse/virtual reality at all. No one really knows about this product, even people who are interested in Oculus Rift probably never heard about vrAse. Where do these people come from? I know it's very easy to buy Facebook likes and so. But yeah, they will continue to defend themself prom potential thief, therefore we are not allowed to see the effects of the project we supported. We do not deserve that. We are not unique enough to be cared about. This project was started long before they put it on Kickstarter. "vrAse is a really simple device without electronics" You are not creating a cancer medicine, this is the last day of February. We deserve the updates. Stop quoting some random people, start doing the REAL update! We don't care how good things are at your team, what we care about are the effects of your work. So show it to us. If you want to be respected, show us some respect. So far we had none. Just found from vrase twitter account that someone has seen the final release model :) "Met @vrAse_live at #MWC14 yesterday. Played thier game Hexa and I got a sneak peek at the final release model, sworn to secrecy but just Wow" So there is some secrecy going on but hope that louise will fill us in shortly :) Still waiting those impression posts and videos :) I would not count that it's confirmed. It will be confirmed once we see it. This guy doesn't know what he is saying, because game "Hexa" is not from vrAse team, but from independent developer Néstor Viña León <url>#MWC14 yesterday. Played thier game Hexa and I got a sneak peek at the final release model, sworn to secrecy but just Wow Yeah this is bogus. Hey team, you can kiss my vrAss for your support and love to the people who made it all possible. You failed hard and you can't even pretend that it's different. Since there is no new casing presented, and the 3D model is 99% the same as during KS campaign, we can safely assume that these "few weeks of delay" (3 months actually) is still just a wish. And to make these casing from plastic, injection molding has to be used. And that is a time taking process. So the design is not ready. Why don't you return the money? SHOW US THE GOOD WILL! You are the most ignorant person I ever met online. Twitter? WTF? saw now on twitter that a backer have met them, maybe he can post info here. Maybe they don't want ppl to go here for answers due to the negative tone here, so instead getting lots of questions on twitter there they can regulate more what posts to show seems better for them. Checked twitter, no substance there either I do not give a single F about Twitter. I do not have account there. Use Kickstarter FFS! The differentiating factor between the competing smartphone VR cases is the optics, not the shell - the former contains the R&D, the latter is just design. I've heard favourable things said about the 3d printer prototype units regarding the lenses, specifically in comparison to the Durovis Dive, so at the core of vrAse there should be a good, viable product. And as Krysztof said - the optics cannot be copied just by taking pictures of the unit. @vrAse, if you want the negativity in here to end and turn this around to a positive outcome, start by showing us some respect. So if there IS indeed a new "factory test model" that's being presented in Barcelona, the least they could do is show it to us backers. Us, who made all of this possible in the first place! If there is NO new model to show, we should like to know why and when we could expect to see it. You have to face reality. If they are going to show the new model, no one is going to be able to copy it "just like that", produce it in bigger quantities and sell it cheaper. It's impossible. Even getting the right lenses is a difficult task. It's dumb to show the same product several months later. There is no new unit. If there would be, they would show it to everyone there. So stupid to show "old one" to public, and show the "new one" only behind closed doors. How would that even protect them? I have camera in my watch, I could easily record video and take pictures of it without them knowing it. Would it be enough to steal the product? Pfff. I want my money back. I'm really upset with how are we treated. They always have the same excuse, "we care about quality", "we want to deliver the best experience", "we will not ship it until we are sure it will meet expectations". That can go on forever. 66556 GBP is not a huge amount, divided across whole team over few months. Oculus Rift is being constantly updated, but we do not know all the details that are going behind closed door. But Oculus Rift is a whole new product, while vrAse is just a Rift casing ripoff with a place for smartphone. It's time to provide us with update. Stop talking, show us images and progress. Think about it. They don't post images of the new unit here because of fear of being copied. So showing the new unit in public would not make any sense. So if there is a new unit and they have it with them, they are showing it behind closed doors with no images. Regarding to updates on Twitter and Facebook, thees are short posts and I rather have a few longer updates then one every day consisting of 2 lines of text. So why not post answers here? Well the only thing beeing asked here is to give new info or show new images witch they said they won't do until it is ready and they don't have the risk of being copied. So then you think about it all is as it should. Interesting. This project would be dead without our money. They are so proud of us that they put big banner on their main website - www.vrase.com - that says "Funded with Kickstarter!". What do we get in return? They update their Twitter and Facebook profile more often than they bother to update us here. Most of their updates are not related to vrAse, or any virtual reality at all - it's all about mobile devices. <url>"the very new and first finished unit of vrAse (factory test)". Anyone can do 3D printing right now, so where is the factory unit? What were the improvements since the Kickstarter has ended? Who is the new expert that got hired? So many questions, so little answers. To me it looks almost exactly the same as the pictures from Kickstarter campaign. Several months passed and there are no improvements? Worried about stealing your idea? You were not the first one to invent this. Well this model is 3D printed here is a better picture: <url>"real" things like Tuscany, Shadowgun VR, or even Rollercoaster. They are ALL laggy on Note 3. Sure, it is possible to communicate between these devices and a smartphone, but it's pointless as of now, due to still somewhat slow hardware in current gen. Btw, not sure if anyone's already mentioned this, but any iOS based dive/future Vrase users looking for a decent sbs player - try cineplayerx which features the ability to play regular 2d films as pseudo 3d sbs format on the fly. Give it some time or do it yourself - there will be plenty more content soon. Unity 3d plus the durovis dive plugin provides excellent high frame rate sbs performance for games. Try out The Height to see what is possible both on iOS and android. Way beyond my abilities at present, but no reason it shouldn't be possible for motion capture and/or haptic feedback devices shouldn't be able to communicate over bluetooth. You guys have big imagination. There is barely any VR content for mobiles, except for few demos that you will finish within 5 minutes, there is literally nothing. The only thing you can use it for is media consuming. You can play SBS movies, or use an app like Go Show. That's it. Stop dreaming about compatibility with PrioVR as even currently the top phone on the market - Note 3 - can't provide a smooth experience, in stereoscopic 3D. And you want a body tracking.. You can also forget about streaming games from your PC to your phone - while it does work, it's not smooth enough and the latency will give you headache. That applies to Splashtop/Kainy/Teamviewer etc. @Norris I am one of the priovr backers and I was thinking the same :) priovr would provide great head tracking in games for vrase and of course full body tracking :) Hi @Louise, I was wondering if you've seen the PrioVR kit, currently on KS - it's motion tracking is practically flawless, and depending on software, in combination with the vrAse it could be a very powerful complete virtual reality system. How about you get in touch with these guys? Both companies could benefit enormously... <url>"We hired experts in optics to get an even better result for the lenses and the design has been totally upgraded" so what has Rafael Meliana listed as ophthalmologistn on the KS been doing all this time. Why was the KS using the name Louise Bankhead when <url>"Louise Bankhead" still seems to be having problems with english grammar so who is it realy posting these "updates"? May deadline that is 8 months a team of 11 the wage bill alone will be 80k + already so I dont think we will see product now unless they manage to raise more money and who is going to invest in a company that has screwed up the product launch on a simple 1st project and not honoured promises to first round funding investors? The kickstarter funds are gone on wages, show booking, travel expenses ect. They have had there golden ticket we gave it to them and they have wasted the chance that we gave them. Jesus, what are you people? You backed a PROJECT, and then you are given a reward for showing support for the project; your investing in a company not buying a product. From what it's seen this is standard procedure, products change through development, you then have to cover plans and prints and rework things, it's all part of the process. I was working on producing some instruments for people to give as gifts over christmas, but at that time I came up with new methods of production, says to make pieces faster, with more precision then I was previously able to. In doing this however I didn't want to push out old power quality designs as it could damage it reputation as a craftsman, and the new molds and proper testing made it so that I could hit but the deadline for christmas. This is what happens when you try to start a business and create a new product, we just backed them a little earlier in the process they you might have expected. Just quiet down for a while and wait, this may not have fit your expectation of perfection, but this is what you backed. Sorry you don't want to see them succeed, because that's what your money has been going toward, and that's why they created a kickstarter, to generate funds so that they could get people a quality product, sorry you misunderstood. I'm more than happy to throw money at a project and wait for quality results, but damn if seeing the spam from the guys trying to discredit the vrase team constantly doesn't piss me off. Keep doing what your doing, ignore these guys(there is no reason for their abrasiveness anyways), and get us something good. @Karsten: May be you are right, and I know Kickstarter is not a shop! but if it is late I think I should have a choice, I support a lot of projects just to be able to conduct research at Cambridge University, but if I have to wait too long I have to find other sources otherwise I lose the research possibility. So for this project I've already had to purchase Dive, and now there is no reason for vrAse, and even if I get it, one of them will end up on eBay right away. Marcus, don't get me wrong about product. I do believe they have something, but likely hood of us getting iit anytime soon is slim.all due to poo reasons like new optition, being afraid and so on... It is all just a recipe for crappy product after This is silly. If, to play devil's advocate, Louise Bankhead is evil incarnate, then we've already lost our money anyway. If on the other hand, everything is legit then all this barrage of negativity is going to do is piss off some good people who are hopefully working hard. I'd agree though communications could be much better... Let's see how things go at these upcoming events and if the proposed May deadline is kept to before getting the pitchforks out. Bunch of poo, all I just read... I don't give a damn about us secrets. Secondly design you show here will save you a month at best(if to trust that someone behind your product) you are too paranoid. Not like you making a revolutionary product. So suck it up and show the product to backers or face the reality.if by Friday there won't be pictures up here, I will start a fraud case with my bank and Visa. Ha Ha what a joke "Louise Bankhead" answers a question about the website (didn't pay the hosting? why change from a .com to .us very strange) ignores all the concerns posted here. I'm considering a trip up to Edinburgh to have a chat. @Amir I don't think this is a valid reason for a refund. Kickstarter is not an online shop... when you back a project, you don't buy a product... you back the project and get a reward. As per Terms of Use, vrAse are not required to refund you so long as they can deliver the product. Then there are those that dont respect patents: <url>"travel backers" who spent 3,5k GBP each, did you at least get the February delivery date for the trip or was it postponed as well? It would be great to hear your stories! Thanks! I love how the person using Louise account just came here to give us an update about vrAse.com downtime, yet did not take time to clear things up about things we are worried... Getting more professional each day huh? seems like vrase.com is not being dns-served anymore? ; DiG 9.6-ESV-R4-P3 vrase.com ns ;; global options: +cmd ;; Got answer: ;; -HEADER- opcode: QUERY, status: NOERROR, id: XXXXXX ;; flags: qr rd ra; QUERY: 1, ANSWER: 0, AUTHORITY: 0, ADDITIONAL: 0 ;; QUESTION SECTION: ;vrase.com. IN NS ;; Query time: 59 msec ;; SERVER: 8.8.8.8#53(8.8.8.8) the rootzone listed a few DNS servers, but they, too, dont know about vrase.com: ; DiG 9.6-ESV-R4-P3 @ns63.1and1.es vrase.com ns ; (2 servers found) ;; global options: +cmd ;; Got answer: ;; -HEADER- opcode: QUERY, status: NOERROR, id: XXXXXX ;; flags: qr rd; QUERY: 1, ANSWER: 0, AUTHORITY: 0, ADDITIONAL: 0 ;; WARNING: recursion requested but not available ;; QUESTION SECTION: ;vrase.com. IN NS ;; Query time: 34 msec ;; SERVER: 217.160.82.170#53(217.160.82.170) Whats up, Louise? I say let's wait for thees upcoming conversations and what we see there, as they say in the update that will be a factory test, I understand that as we are going to see the new improved version. @Karmeck They will just simply say, sorry we ran out money, no rewards for u. Thnk you for backing us. Bye So if they are not going to give us anything, how is that going to help them create a business? You know the thing they are trying to crate by getting money here going to conventions. @Pascal Thank you for reploying :) Looking forward to hear about your expirience with vrase :) From day one they have misrepresented themselves. I now believe there was never any intention to honor the rewards they cant even put a convincing lie together in there updates the last one saying "We hired experts in optics to get an even better result for the lenses and the design has been totally upgraded" so what has Rafael Meliana listed as ophthalmologistn on the KS been doing all this time. Why was the KS using the name Louise Bankhead when <url>⇒ Present (7 Months) Company Secretary Francisco Hernandez Navarro 17 Jul 2013 ⇒ Present (7 Months) Director I requested Kickstarter give me the details of who my payment was given they have refused using privacy as the excuse so KS policy is making it easy for people to commit fraud as by refusing to give payment details they are effectively "laundering" the payments making it impossible for backers to use legal action to recover payments. I have again requested details from kickstarter but they have not bothered to reply. I suspect that "Louise Bankhead" is not actually a person she has no internet presence no facebook photos and she dosent appear in any <url>"Francisco J. H Scotland" who is listed on the kickstarter as Francisco Hernandez. I have also found this page <url>· EDINBURGH · SCOTLAND · EH7 6BP which I think will be Francisco Hernandez home address? <url>’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. Project Creators may cancel or refund a Backer’s pledge at any time and for any reason, and if they do so, are not required to fulfill the reward. What are you calling trolling? You guys are getting ripped off big time. vrAse continue it's business because of the money we put into that project. How does that translate to us? Constant lies and constant good words. Wake up. Look around. They are "confident to get on time the very new and first finished unit of vrAse (factory test)" for the "special events" they are going to attend. Why are we not the first one to know about this? They are giving us ZERO details. Not a single material, not a single optics details, not a single detail about new faces in vrAse team. Not even a new render to show how great vrAse is. I'm disappointed not in not getting product on time, but just look at other successful project. Take Oculus Rift for example. It was supposed to be delivered in December 2012 - but that was back in time when Palmer Luckey was seeking for 250k - he did not expect so many people to jump on a bandwagon. He wasn't going to create just few hundred Rifts - it became a serious business with the money he got from Kickstarter. Palmer was not able to deliver Rift on time December 2012, but noone got ripped. We got constant updates - from inside the office, from the factory, from the production itself. In a few words - we knew product will be delayed, but we got constant updates regarding the manufacturing details and so. At vrAse everything was perfect 3 weeks ago, suddenly there is a 3 months delay. It's not about delays anymore, it's about lack of any update regarding the product itself. @krzystof, stop trolling!!, vrAse team is doing a good communication job (even if it's not perfect)… delays in KS projects are normal (<url>…and since it isn´t, you should have waited for the final product in the first place. @stan, clear up your mind….first you say you want new perfect fit phones to be developed, and the next thing you say is that you don´t give money to R&D… ??? I have full faith in vrAse team, and pretty sure they´ll deliver an awesome product. Keep it up guys!!. I just got a reply from Francisco J. (what's your full name?). Here is what he has to say: "Hi Krzysztof, I am sorry to heard that. It took me few days to answer because I was asking the team about the refunds. Unfortunately we can not make any refund because this money have been already assigned under contract for production. As I told you, we will try to improve the communication with the backers. We are working super hard to make this idea a reality. Best regards, Francisco J." Does anyone else find this a bullshit? Maybe the money is assigned under contract, but I do not care. I do not give a single F. I paid about 100 GBP in total - and they can easily refund it with your own money. I'm not asking for 10'000 - that could be hard to refund, but a ridiculously small amount as these 100 GBP? Once again you have proven that you can't make any business. I think it would be more wise to refund the money to the people who ask for it. After all you are so sure that your product will be "so good" that you won't have any problems with selling "my" unit. I'm going to contact Kickstarter. To be honestly, we can ask for refund due to the fact of failure to deliver and rather making a product they using money for r and d and hopes to sell after and get our share from there... But they are not obligated to refund... Long story short, it will depend on the waves you can create @Krzysztof, If you could, let us know if the refund comes through and if there are any other processes to go about requesting a refund other than simply 'asking' through the kickstarter message board. Thanks in advance. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. @Karmeck, I posted my comment in hopes of being heard by the project creator due to the lack of response from one on one messaging. My thoughts are concise and rational but the comment that was left by you was brash, highly offensive and surprisingly judgmental. I didn't attack you, I didn't attack vrAse and I do hope you get the product you are hoping for. @Alex, I am a patient person and I am also a business professional. Comments have been made on how Kickstarter funds may or may not have been spent recently and after analyzing the situation while basing what factors are presented and comparing them to other business ventures, I am not confident that this project is continuing in the direction it set out towards in it's beginning. Delays aren't my issue, as I stated in my previous comment, delays are common. My issue is lack of communication and speculation from numerous backers (which I have no connection with) that have lead me to come to my own, similar conclusions. I am not here to convince other backers to leave the campaign, as I stated in my previous comment, I am here to gain the attention of the project creator to begin the refund process. @Dale Parsan Why did you back this prject in the first place? Kickstarter isn't a good place for impatience people. Vrase home screen clearly says " Please, have on mind our first priority is the product quality, and that could imply a bit of delay if it´s needed. So, please consider it before backing this project." I have backed 7 projects and every project has a delay or two. If you want to wxperience virtual reality on smartphen buy durovis dive to ease the wait :) My Dive came today and I love it the experience is amazing :D This gets me even more excited for vrase :D Keep up the good work vrase team and give us an quality product :) Why the angry tone here? They want to make it better and you want a refund. You are an angry person. I don't like you. You piss on people that want to do you nothing than good. I mean it in real life you are the kind of person that gets me mad. I may have sounded inpatient in my previous comments but now I got my answer and I feel I can rest assured that I will get a grate product in the end. I love Kickstarter, I have backed nearly 30 projects and enjoy seeing the products/teams grow. This is one of, if not the most disappointing projects in regards to their post-campaign communication that I have been a part of. You have nearly 800 followers here who are eager to hear any information you can provide and the last update was not good enough, not by a long shot, after there have been multiple requests for specific questions to be answered. You are trying to grow a business and not just spit out a product, we understand. But when the only images we see and headlines we read are about different trade shows you've been to, it is unnerving. Why is it that individuals who have not poured their hard earned money into your business get to see the product and hear of it's next steps. I invested $138.89 (US) into vrAse and I would like a refund on the violation of Terms of Use, section Projects: Fundraising and Commerce, bulletin 9. Delays happen for projects on Kickstarter all the time, and it is generally accepted by backers but not for me when I have to message and message for information requests. To be told that everything is going great and that the units are amazing. To then be told that the project will be delayed weeks with estimations of delivery being upwards of May. I really hope that the other backers who stay with you get the wonderful product that you are describing but I would like my refund. P.S. If your team is as stretched and as busy as you say they are. And they can't find the time to respond to backer questions. You may want to reassign the person in charge of your, very active, Twitter account to jump on Kickstarter and respond to backers. A little communication goes a long way. On the second note. Please fulfill my pledge with your current product. I backed this product and didnt give Money for r&d. If this will continue you will be in violation of term of use by not doing good faith attempt to fulfill each reward by its Estimated Delivery Date... This will lead to a refund.and I do believe many people will ask for it here Well in all the new staff and delay... My question is regarding perfect fit. Phones currently listed are outdated and by the release will be obsolete.... What about new models....I would suggest start working on new molds Some of you that go these events to see vrase. Could some of you come back here with some impressions? and hopefully some pics/videos :) Thanks for the info @Louise and don't worry about this small delay, you're doing pretty well. I prefer that you guys focus on a good design than selling to me a bad quality product. I'm going to Barcelona, hope to see you there. Cheers. F@&£ it, can't be varsed - durovis dive ordered. Still looking forward to the Vrase - after all, single player vr is likely to get dull quickly. @Louise- thanks for the update. Much more concerned with you guys feeling happy & confident with the project than with a pretty small delay. Remember even Apple have delays! I am going to the Wearable Tech Show, so look forward to seeing you there. Hmm, interesting... Do I buy a Dive too to stem my impatience?! I wonder as well how well the Dive or Vrase would perform with an iPad mini gaffered to the front? Good to know it performs well with iphone 5 though - thanks! @Marcus: The Dive is pretty good, but has a bit of design problem with the part that the camera sits in, however the lenses works great and it does the job, the image is very good. I use it with iPhone 5. That is where the problem is, there are hardly any apps for it in iOS side, lots of fun things for Android, but not iOS, unless you create it yourself using the free SDK. The design of vrAse seems to be better from the images so far. Yes Dive can easily be modified, also I found it comfortable enough to use. In comparing these with Oculus, there is a huge difference. Oculus is far more immersive, but can cause sickness at first. BTW, the headtracking of Dive through phone's accelerometer works flawless, with hardly any time lag. @Karmeck vrase is not only option I have durovis dive and moded it to work with my note 3 and the experience is excelent :) I didn't have the patience to wait vrase to come out so I ordered dive :) here are few picks I found and used to mod my dive to work with note 3 :) just used some velcro tape and qlue :) Alltough I think Vrase maybe a superior experience compared to dive. only time will tell :) <url>"And vrAse arrived at Thailand!!! สวัสดี!". If it arrived, they really were not able to take their own pictures? All the photos on that page were released already (as far as I remember) before the Kickstarter campaign has ended. It's just a computer generated model and it has zero connection to the real world. We haven't seen any details of the "final" product. I'm getting less and less enthusiastic about this project. Hey guys, a couple days ago vrAse tweeted a link to a Thailand tech article that has some impressive product photos. My favorite are the last 2 of the unit, shows some nice quality though it could be computer generated rather than real-life product photos. Enjoy! <url>"HMD" released in 2013, don't want to say a name? You would know, it's better to give the vrAse Team more time, so they can release a high quality product. looking forward seeing the final unit :) Wait I get it now it's 13 weeks after the project finish witch is February. As long as it exists and turns up sometime in the next few months then all is fine. Relax! Week 13 is March 24, 2014 all the way to March 30, 2014 According to this image <url>ülter / Free) NEW: VR Base for Oculus Rift (Beta) (NQR Productions / Paid) The app in question: <url>… Holophonic Sounds - Tricking Your Mind To See Alternate Realities A series of Holophonic Sounds designed to make your mind imagine and experience different realities. From FinerMinds <url>" to 6.3" in size. The question has already been asked before and it was stated that having something that large and heavy strapped to your face would be very uncomfortable to use for prolonged periods of time I'm thinking is there any chance that the universal case can support nexus 7? Just a quick thought. If there isn't an option of a perfect fit case for the nexus 5, will the camera lens be covered up by the universal fit case because the camera on the nexus 5 is not positioned in the center of the phone? My awsome gues is that they have more perfect fits comming and they dont want ppl to order before they have the most options to Offer. I have not been asked yet to enter my shipping details and choice of covers. When is that happening? I purchased 2 covers plus shipping charge to uk. What's the hold up? Im hoping for a Nexus 5 perfect fit case as soon as possible as well. Just wanted to say to strenghen the Nexus 5 crowd here :) @Louise Thanks for answering my suggestion. I trust that you are making a quality product for us backers and future customers to enjoy :) Keep up the good work! yes the mono lens would be a very cool extra addition (i'm not sure yet if i would use the mono lens), but it's not yet useable because of the eye strain problem. You can use it for max 10 minutes before your eyes get hurt. I was thinking would it be awefull idea if vrAse would release 2D lens with the headset? I just saw video about another kickstarter Project like vrAse named Xcope, it had switchable lenses and offered mono lense wich let you watch regular 2D games, videos on your smartphone. That would be a killer app for vrAse if someone would like to use it out off the box like watching movies on netflix or YouTube :) @Bor "Estimated delivery: Feb 2014" Of course, that may very well slip, as is usual with all Kickstarter campaigns. One thing that might be helpful is getting games that already support oculus rift to run in SBS mode without needing to recognize a compatible device's head tracking hardware. For example, there's Half-life 2, Team Fortress, Portal. Everything to run in SBS is already there. It just won't let you access it without having a HMD plugged in. @Louise When do you think the vrase(Super early bird) will be shipped? Alex Warto and Karmeck as owner of note 2, I can assume you can use that adapter since phones are merely identical in size, screen got bigger only via less borders on screen =) But me personally, as a gamer, I can say note series is quite a heavy weight to have =) Usually any headphones over 8 oz already are pain in the neck ) I just got my note 3 and I am now extremely excited about vrAse :D And The note 3 Perfect fit for Nexus5 would be very nice :) Any chance of a perfect fit for new nexus 5? I think a lot of people are getting that phone. Why should i use a perfect fit adapter instead of the universal? Is there any advantage of the perfect fit? Until now i only see disadvantage because you have to buy a new adapter if you change your smartphone. @karmeck thanks for this update. porting maybe, or just another buy :) The oculus rift is the reason i backed this vrAse project (mobileVR). for me it is vrAse and the iMotion controllers and Oculus Rift with the STEM controllers. Oculus Rift comming to android: <url>– Haptic feedback virtual reality motion controllers. I can't wait to try them out in combination with vrAse. Look on this (<url>#7 <url>"we will describe it in our video update #2", whenever that should be. The diagram depicts the iMotion sensors being worn on the back of the hand(s) pointing towards the phone's rear camera instead of towards a web cam, though maybe most people will have worked that out for themselves already and is possibly not the level of detail required for a proper understanding to make a decision. I think I'll wait for the promised video to appear on their campaign pages and hope it's adequately descriptive. I'm still not sure I would use iMotion on the PC very much and using it with vrAse could be the tipping point in my decision to back it. I need to stop spending money soon, but maybe just once more. I really want to pledge for an iMotion pack if it could be explained exactly how this will work with vrAse. I'd leave a comment over on their page but as I'm not a backer I can't. I think, if implemented properly, the two can be a winning combination but I need more info before pledging. Arter funding goal is met other kickstarter i been in have opend a PayPal option. I think this is what David and others are asking for. Hi vrCase, I think you would get more backers if you would extend better payment options for American backers... Some (mine specifically) credit card companies in united States block users from actually pledging any money... They block foreign payments unless you tell them to unblock it. The most conventional way for USA backers is through amazon payments, but I don't know how that works in Europe... I hope this makes sense... Thanks for reading. - David from San Fransisco, Ca You were going to make a perfect fit case for the nexus 4 before you announced the universal case. Is this still happening? Hi will this work a iPod Touch 5 ? Mahalo Hi vrAse team hope everything is ok and getting better, did you think to offer .stl or 3d files to print fit cases for phones and also a case to print? And what about plugins to connect wii-xbox-ps controllers? @George Look, this guys have zero money until end of funding period. And you already asking them to give you a free hard case that will cost at least £10. I think that all we interested in rise of vrAse that we could see nice products from them years after Kickstarter company end. And to do so, they need money, a lot of money, they will not be able to keep up by giving free gifts to all. So maybe instead of keep asking you should spend your time and forces to spread the word as much as you can for the last week? We need a case without the stretch goals! @Edmond £58 + £15 for shipping £73 ≈ $117 So how much in total including shipping to US? Great Idea! Can`t wait to get this device. I hope it will works as I expect it. The design looks good and its affordable. I agree with George. Most commercial products around this price range come with a carry case. (sunglasses, goggles and so on...) Since it wasn't part of the deal I guess we can only hope for it, but it would be nice if the creators could throw in a nice carry case with vrAse. :) Louise? :) I believe that you should give at least a simple case for free with vrAse without the stretch goals. We need a case for this awesome gadget! Remind me to add another 10 pounds once the Nexus 4 can have perfect fit. Is the perfect fit case for the Galaxy Note 2 able to accommodate the original Galaxy Note 1 or would you need to use the universal case? Is there much of a difference in viewing quality between a perfect fit case and a universal case such as "letterboxing" of the video or misalignment between left and right eye views? if so, I assume you can customize the focus or other settings to reduce the effect? Congratulations on the backing. This is a great idea and wish you and your team great success. Even if your stretch goals are not met (which looks so), will you still be making cases for vrAse? I would still buy a hard case for it, regardless. I would prefer if I could properly store it when not using it rather than just throwing it in a draw or what have you. @FULGENCIO GARCIA MARTINEZ You need to add more 10 pounds, if you want to receive both universal and perfect-fit cases. You will be able to choose color at the end of the company, you will receive link to special form to your email. Nice write-up in the telegraph <url>ñadir más para que me envíen la funda universal? Como puede elegir el color del vrAse? Soy de España Nice article on some SBS gaming software <url>#continued One more question. How do you handle the IPD issue? Can the user modify the lenses to fit them for his IPD, or do you sell different models for different IPDs? Or ist it one IPD-range and everyone outside of it has simply bad luck? @Marijn Bos, There was many similar projects launched at the same time, however, only this one had succeed, because it have not so high goal, good support and much better preparation to launch ;) I'm sure it will be most awesome and the quality one. Thanks for the tip Karmeck. Although i have i slight problem. I use my mouse and keyboard which is connected to my computer. When i use them there is a little delay on my phone. How to fix that? testing some more remote desktop apps and i find that splashtop (<url>"Est. delivery Feb 2014" Well an approximate date would be all i expect. I read in some articles that its February in a best case scenario, but here on kickstartet there is no mention of February. @Oleg Valpa Estimated delivery is Feb 2014. However, no Kickstarter project I have taken part in or even heard of has delivered on their estimated timetable once it has gone to manufacturing. I would settle in for a wait after Feb tbh. I'm not knocking anyone here, just trying to be realistic. I'm bracing myself for a short delay, no big deal and to be expected. @Loise Could vrAse support psvita in the future? it will be nice and a plus for gamers and sales if they could playing psvita with dualshock 4 and vrAse. i´m for sure. @Loise When can we expect the vrase to be shipped in a best case scenario (i know its done when its done). You timetable doesnt really say what week 1 is :) I don't want want to stress this topic too much but a little hint would be nice :) May I request that developers of vrAse will test their awesome device with Oculus Rift-enabled game? I'm not sure how "production-ready" it is, but there is the Vireio Perception driver (<url>"Manage Your Pledge" button, and add additional £15 to your current pledge. @Neil, @simon What's the odds? Did you ever heard about torrent trackers and cracks? I do not see any criminal in cracking software that no longer for sale. @Nathan Yes this can be used with iPhones. If you take a look at the main page then you'll see that there is a custom fit iPhone 5 case for vrAse Can this be used with iPhones? @karmeck iz3d states on it's website that it ceased trading in July 2012 and that all software will only operate for a period of 30 days before you require a licence to continue using it, and as they have ceased trading it is not possible to buy a licence for the software. The only exception to this is anaglyph which is totally free, but totally useless for us to use with vrase. @simon iZ3D has sbs so I dont know what you are on about. Hey, a little help, i'm new here on kickstarter. This "add £15 for international shipping" is for ME add £15 on my pledge, or it will add £15 to my billing when the project is funded? ThankYou! vrAse is a very interesting product, although not as interesting as the Oculus Rift. Had the Rift been consumer ready, I would not have even thought about buying vrAse. I would love to see the advantages that vrAse has over the Oculus Rift. @Louise I was wondering if I could get my vrAse tomorrow? Preferably in the morning. Just asking. :) Well done by the way. Concratulations for getting funded :D I'm so excited to get my vrAse as soon as posssible :D I Have a one question, I saw that the universal adaptr supports up to 6,3" But I was thinking to buy Xperia Z ultra wich is 6,4". Is this too big smartphone for vrAse? Congratulation everyone, finally this project is happening for sure and i can't wait to get my own and test it :) Congrats :D!!! now that the project is finally backed, I can't wait to get one in my hands xDD It's aliiiiiiiiiiiiiiive!!! And one is for meeeee!!! Really happy to see project successfully funded. Louise, and all staff contributing to vrAse. Edinburgh is the most favorite I like in the UK. I do not hesitate to admit that this is one reason I back the project. More important, the project is just so amazing, I cannot wait to get one very soon! Congratulation! Great news, VrAse is coming to a phone near you soon. Now lets make that extra STRETCH to get the hard case. £100,000 here we come! WELL DONE!!! Our project is oficially funded!!! We still have 19 days to collect more pledges and reach the stretch goals! LET'S GO! vrAse is REAL!! @Louise - You mention that you can play any game that is on your computer... even if you managed low-latency streaming (or were able to have a fixed connection), as i understand it, you would still need to convert content to SBS *AND* apply distortion to compensate for the optics. Also, while much made-for-VR content is being produced, there is still considerable issues involving UI, control and other aspects that need addressing by devs. I have looked at AetherAR and it looks great, however, to me it seems like it might be a custom ROM or launcher rather than an app. Any clarification that you or Jarrad could make in regards to this would be appreciated. P@S@f - iZ3D ceased trading at the end of July 2013 and the current software only supports anaglyph. TriDef 3D is another option and you get a discount if you have the appropriate AMD GPU (it made my purchase cheaper by half when i bought it to support some DirectX games for my RIFT - keep in mind tho that the license is for one PC install only). I'm sure I've backed other Kickstarter projects where you can get more than one item. The Slim wallet, for instance, had a backer tier to order six. Maybe something to do with discounts for multiple items? Not sure what would stop you guys doing the same. On another note, not long now!! This project will be 100% backed this week I think. Just need to try to push for stretch goals. I'm sure an option to buy multiples would help! 99%!!! 99%!!! 99%!!! Almoooost there!!!! Now I only have to buy a smartphone HEAHEHAEHAEHAEHA Hugs from Brazil!!! @Louise: The guys at the STEM kickstarter have a "Add on" system, where you can pledge extra money and at the end of the campaign they will survey the people who pledged extra bucks to know which add on elements they want, maybe you could implement something like that for the people who want to pledge for more than one, but don't want to make another KS account. Speaking of that project, those guys just announced an "Android support" stretch goal, which would fit perfectly with this product :) @Paul If you want to get second one you could simply create second account. You could use same name, address and credit card, just another email. Same for the third and subsequent. @Justin And while you will hinge it down smartphone could fall to the floor. I think it is not good idea because your smartphone should mounted tightly into the case. HI Louise - In the design of vrAse would it be possible to make the vrAse have a hinged front? So instead of taking the smartphone out it can be hinged down so you can change movies, settings etc. Just an idea. J Oh and @Louise, I notice you're in Edinburgh... I'm in Stirling, if you ever wanted a backer to try out your kit I would be more than happy to as you're less than an hour away. Maybe pushing my luck but hey, gotta try eh? ;) I've just had a thought that I might like 2 vrAses, one for me and one as a present for someone, but there's no pledge amount for multiples. I don't want to just up my pledge as it might be misleading as to what I want. Would you guys be able to add an option for 2 headsets into the pledges? I'm really hoping we reach the second sretch goal as that hard case looks like it will keep vrase safe and take a lot of punishment to stop any damage to it, especially when my 3 kids try attcking it. I'm watching the pledges carefully and am preparing to up my pledge to reach the goal if we get close and need a little extra boost. Less than £2,000 to go until the project is funded. I cannot wait to get my vrAse and try it out with my HTC One. And with 20 days to go hopefully we can reach at least the first stretch goal!! @David There is iZ3D driver. And you will be able to play games that support Oculus Rift I think, I'm not sure though. @Peter It depends on covering different communities and collaboration of bakers in spreading the word. Some days ago I've showed this thing to the Russian community at the same time David spread the word, so it was huge leap and gave an amazing effect. As for now it began to decline, but there are more to cover, I'm working on it and I advise you to do the same. Hi i was just wondering if anyone knows of some software that can make you computer show "Side by side" mode. I would be great to be able to set your screen to display in "side by side" mode. Im not an expert or anything so thats why i ask. Because what i think is that, if it is posible to do this, then you would have a way to play any game in sbs mode. When you do this and stream the content from your pc to your smartphone via some app, Kainy perhaps, you will be able to have some sort of 3D imersion of the game. Its just a theory and i know it possibly won't be the same as real 3D but maybe just a feeling of 3D. Also thanks for a great project, come on everyone we are so close to the goal. Spread the word!!! Would someone explain how on earth is the pledged value going up and down with this project? I very much hope that it succeeds. keep spreading the word guys. Will I be able to order perfect fit cases for my future smartphones from your website? @NorthernAvengeR About the precision (and more importantly, latency!) of the headtracking - I think the potential is there. See this video (super nerdy and featuring a 3d-printed Dive headset) <url>"VR" ? Who came up with that name? I don't want to come off as overly critical, but that pitch left me with more questions than answers. I'm quite excited by the potential in this and I want it to become a reality, but I feel the only sure thing this will succede at is being a superior competitor to the TV HAT(remember that thing?) I would love to be proven wrong. @Louise Is there a possibility that the first wave of vrases(super early bird) different is than other waves(early bird, last chance). Because with the ouya, the early birds got a controller with bad buttons. This was fixed after the early birds. Hi im really happy to se that so many is supporting this awsome project. I would just let you know that iv'e posted the project on many Facebook sites about gadgets, 3D movies, animes about future technolegi, smartphones and computergames compatible with HMD Tech. And was contacted by someone from the website <url>" smartphone to create an experience on par with the Rift... that Note 3 is looking better and better! @Louse Is that mean that all Oculus-ready games already compatible with vrAse? If so, it is pretty amazing, you should make accent on it. Maybe you could make your own web browser that is specific to vrAse. It would act as any other browser, complete with flash player and such. The only difference is that it would be in side by side format all the time. This would allow for anything that could normally be watched to be automatically vrAse capable. Just a thought. I saw you with Oculus Rift developers! Are you going to collaborate with OculusVR? If your product will became compatible with Oculus Rift you will get HUGE community I think. I strongly advise you to going in this direction. Thanks. I don't know if thats too short term but is there a probability that you would add the perfect fit case for the Nexus 5, which seems to be presented on October 14th......or at least the LG G2 from which it seems to be derived. I think the Nexus 5-case is a must be sooner or later anyway :P Hi everyone! This project looks really amazing to me! I want to make one important question about the Xperia Z smartphone and vrAse... Everybody knows that this terminal has been designed to being waterproof, forcing Sony engineers to close any hole of the phone, to prevent the action of water. As we see on the vrAse concept prototype pictures, it has a little hole to allow the connection of the earphones jack... But, what happens to Xperia Z? You have to uncover the jack cap to let the connection of the earphones... Unlike the another terminals, vrAse for Xperia Z needs an extra space for the cover of audio jack... How did you give solution to this problem? You're doing very well, we're very very close!!! = ) I just shared this with a lot of gadget forums on Facebook and a lot of 3D movie fansites on Facebook. Hope to get more peoples attention :-D I'm not sure if this has been already asked, but is there support for tablets with screen size of 7in.? NVIDIA announced the Tegra Note and it would be amazing to get it compatible with this Case. Just saying... :) hi great project and i have already pledged. It seems to me that the people making new pledges to this project keeps decreasing. I really hope you have a solution for this cause this is truly a great project. @P@S@f Right, faster WiFi will certainly help. I just checked, the Note 3 already has 802.11ac. That might just make it a perfect VR phone, the FoV should be good as well with its huge screen. But I was also thinking about headtracker data having to make a round-trip from the device to the PC as game input, then back again in the form of rendered images. That probably won't work with acceptable latency even with better WiFi bandwith, hence my comment about TrackIR. 15k to go come on guys spread the word. @Karsten I believe technologies in few next years will pretty much grow in this direction. After 802.11ac wifi phones will come - there will no more problems with steaming 1080p video. As for now, if your phone support USB 3.0 connection, you could use USB Tethering to achieve high-speedy low-latency connection. With current 150Mps wifi connection, of course, it leave much to be desired. Backed this awesome project! I got kind of the same question that stephen had. I was wondering if you'll see your phone's color inside (got a white iphone) or is the case completely covering it? Does anyone know what kind of latencies you can achieve with PC-to-Phone streaming software? The Crysis screenshot on the new website looks very compelling, but I'm not sure it's really feasible. On the other hand, combining it with a TrackIR headtracking solution would be interesting. @Louise, any news on the FoV table yet? HI, i just created an official thread in a spanish videogames web with a large community called elotrolado. I really have not seen anything of this project in any Spanish web, only in realovirtual.com. So I hope that the Spanish community can support this as I do. regards @Stephen I think it should work with any 3D content via streaming software. So, yes, if you will connect Omni to the PC, run game in side-by-side 3D mode and run streaming software to transfer picture to the phone display, you should be able to use Omni with vrAse. Also will this work for gaming with omni? Will this work well with iphone 5's? I mean will you see the phone or just the screen? Like be able to adjust it so it will be perfectly aligned and where the phone it's self is not vidible? it would be really nice if one of the stretch goals was interchangeable lenses (customized to the user). I love this project, congratulations to the creators of the product. I have a question, my phone is a galaxy note GT7000. Does the universal case come in the package or i have to add more £ to my actual pledge?. i read something like that below but it is not clear for me. sorry for my english and keep it up. @Louise For beginning you could add your project at <url>#chart-daily @Balaji, Dongliang - I think you simply add the amount to your current pledge. Just keep the reward level you have selected, then add the 15 / 10 GBP to the reward price, and you should be set. Nice project! Simple, cheap and good idea. Is there some actual technical limit with the lenses stopping people from using glasses with vrase or just that you are unwilling to design/guarantee your case will fit people with glasses? When / how should we pay the £10 for the universal case? When should I pay the £ 15 freight？After the completion of the project is to raise money? How do you advertise this awsome project around the world? I think you should me more aggressive in your methods to make sure that more people hear about this great project. I really hope this project succeeds, cause i can't wait to get my hands on it and try it for myself :-D @Neil & Peter Sounds like a great stretch goal. @Neil Totally agree. Are you planning on any stretch goals and if so could you make the reward for one of the goals a hard case to keep vrAse safe in when travelling. It has a nice finish to it would would be a shame to scratch and chip and also it contains lenses that you really would want to damage when you are travelling from A to B with it tucked away in your bag with keys etc so I think a case would be a great idea. Are you guys on SWISH.com with vrAse? If not, perhaps you could take a look at it. Just posted on the plex forums. <url>"easily interchangeable". What's the reason for that? Could you offer lenses for near-sightedness? I'm very near-sighted (-10), and while I could use contact lenses with the vrAse, it would be far more convenient to have matching optics. Congrats on the 50% funding milestone! :-) Do you think you could maybe set up some add-on pledges? I'd love to add the universal adapter to my pledge so I can get the "perfect fit" adapter for my iPhone and the universal one to try with other devices. Just wanted to put a concern out there. I am concerned that all my 2D content will need to be changed to SBS for it to be viewable on vrAse. What if I just want to view it without converting? Can you make your lenses interchangeable from simple magnify for 2D to whatever you currently have for the SBS stuff? Are there any media streamers like Plex that will convert 2D to SBS on transcode stream? Just read up all comments and not one person has commented about usability of your mobile phone once its inside the case. Are you guys planning to take the phone out every few minutes to do anything on it? My link below should provide some insight into how to deal with this problem. Its small, neat and will do that job perfectly for movie watchers. Its discontinues though, What else is out there? For the casual movie watchers, this should be useful so that the phone doesnt have to be taken out to change tracks, movies or games. <url>"API" or SDK with which they can support the vrAse, the Dive, the fov2go, the Hasbro my3d and whatever other compatible solutions are out there. (I'm an iOS dev, so I know what I'm talking about here...) And I'd love to see you succeed, wouldn't have backed otherwise! Glad to have found this project, I've backed it and I'll be ready to be called that I look like a vrarse when I'm wearing it :D @Louise : thanks for your responses, its reassuring to have creators and the Kickstarter community alike so active during a campaign. i do have a couple more questions though...regarding the ORIGIN/MIST case choice - aside from one being white and the other black, is the only other difference being one is more curved and the other more angular? it is hard to see any detail on the ORIGIN case due to its white "colour" in the photos and video, especially on the rough corners of the 3D printed prototypes. i wonder if Kickstarter would allow you to send out a backer-only update with the high-resolution images of the two case choices, even if they aren't photo-realistic renders? also, how does vrAse handle ventilation? my Oculus RIFT has adequate air flow between the eyes and the optics, preventing fogging of the lenses during humid/active usage. while it can bleed light when used in well-lit areas, a simple modification here is all that is needed to block light sufficiently, something i am certain oculus will fix before consumer release. congratulations on reaching nearly fifty percent within the first week of your campaign and keep up the good work. What about users who wear glasses? I'm very nearsighted, but what about someone far sighted? I tried one of your sbs videos on youtube with my smartphone and was really suprised how immersive it was when I put my eyes close to my smartphone screen and the screen merges to one 3d screen :D Now I'm am really excited and hope to get my hands on vrAse as fast as possible :) Great product, good job, keep us posted with updates :D I would love to see an add on option to add a universal case along with a perfect fit one so that I could test it out on other phones as well, but still have the perfect fit for my primary phone. @w3nl18m Since I'm assuming the view for each eye is partitioned, the only way to do 2d would be to arrange the sbs images to make it that way. Can I see the normal 2D movies using vuAse (not 3D SBS format)?? Kainy introduces a lot of lag TriDef 3D seems good, have not tested as it costs money. @karmeck Thanks, kainy looks like a good option, now we just need a version that can convert to sbs to, which I assume wouldn't be too hard to do on the pc side, hopefully someone is working on this already. but maybe Louise can tip us of on an app they would recomend. and SHIELD uses android. SHIELD is the units name not the system. ANDROID GAMING, PERFECTED Powered by NVIDIA® Tegra® 4, NVIDIA SHIELD™ is made for those who demand amazing gaming experiences. It features precise, tactile controls and the latest version of Android Jelly Bean, giving you the best way to play your favorite Android games. I give you: <url>"developers this, developers that, they will notice because it's awesome". What if they won't? What if they won't care? Will we be left with a piece of hardware that's usable just for watching 3D SBS videos? You really have to think about some software too instead of just hardware and try to get some attention from them, maybe some promises too. @karmeck zopo 990 seems like a funky phone! - just a heads up though, the zopo 990 has a screen ppi of 367 I'd really suggest you try and max out your ppi within your budget whilst also making sure it has a good gpu - you'll get a much better experience :) Louise, have you guys thought of a beam splitter to regain depth? comes at a cost of resolution but it's not so bad for the benefits - like this <url>"bad press" reference below; yeah, you may look like a geek (a club I proudly belong to) and it may not be the best idea to wear it while biking. Nonetheless, it seems an inexpensive way to play with augmented reality, as a developer and user. With the gps and accelerometers available in phones, and 3d vision, and an integrated camera, this could present an affordable option to other bulky, expensive and/or not yet available platforms. If I could; I would like to cast a vote for support of the Galaxy SII, as that's the closest I have to your list of supported devices. Hi guys, in regards to the optical lenses you state, "Large lenses with high standard definition". What is high standard definition? Is it standard definition that is of high quality or is it high definition quality? Just curious in regards to 1080p movie playback. By the way had to back this as soon as I saw it, hope it all works out! vrAse will be perfect for the Aether Operating System <url>"wall of text"... firstly, let me wish you and your team all the best for your KS campaign. i have contributed to your project because as a gamer/dev i want to see as many alternatives in the emerging VR/AR-HMD field become commercially available. having said that, i feel i should mention a couple of points so that people have REALISTIC expectations on exactly what this, and the other similar kickstarter campaign (see "360specs" - <url>"FOV2GO" - <url>"casual gamer" (ugh, i hate generalizing in such a way). once again, issues involving control of the device while the phone is in the device would be an issue. using a bluetooth gamepad would require compatible hardware and in some cases, require some iOS devices to be jailbroken. as for making an immersive VR experience this way? possibly. there are a large number of things that cause disconnects from a virtual world (not to mention motion sickness). latency, graphical fidelity, sound isolation, tracking (both head AND position) as well as a large number of other issues. some of these issues will be addressed as smart devices improve, some wont. however, in a video interview @ Gamescom 2013 (03:12) "... the tracking and the latency right now, there are some problems that need to resolve. but we think the technology is already there, so people for example, want to enjoy a movie on the airplane... " - Michael shiaffino (CEO of vrAse - LINK: <url>"other" devices you are comparing your device with, especially considering your product is "just" plastic and optics. AR/VR is still in its infancy and in NO WAY near the sort of experience hinted at in your video. unless these sort of devices have a community of developers behind them, which might happen when smartphone tech actually catches up, most of the AR/VR scenes shown in the video/photos are unrealistic and only offer what is POTENTIALLY possible, although i am curious as to the "exclusive content" you hinted at. i literally LOL'd at the image of the skateboarder in action - until the video revealed that all he was doing was recording the footage. good job he can skate blindfolded as there is no way a smartphone could handle recording input, converting it to SBS format AND playing it back with a low enough latency. also, from a recent forum topic on neogaf "...did they not get that chain email where every other word was deliberately misspelt and everyone could still read it? ...". for example "mybae tehy suohld rtehnik tehir pdorcut nmae?" - <url>#s1-1-1|1552460594 tho I would love to have this one fit: <url>" 1080p phone with gyro. Shouldn't it work, only that you won't officially support it? The other guys 360specs and Durovis don't mention specific devices, only size. Is there a fundamental difference in your design versus theirs? @Peter If they could make cutouts like on the top if MIST version there would be access to all jacks and buttons all edges around. @Louise Bankhead I have made a pledge and will follow the whole campain. But my phone is not supported and never will natively so any kind of more universal setup will be needed. If not I will have to take back my pledge at the end. I am sure I'm not the only one. I really do not need to have access to all buttons and ports. Just make it elastic enough to fit my phone ;) @vrAse Great idea and design guys! I have two issues however: 1) any thoughts on tablet support? At least 7 inch ones like ipad mini and nexus 7? and more important: 2) Could you make the smartphone insertion case design more "robust", in order to accomodate other smartphones apart from the ones you have chosen? I understand the need to make it as protective of our phone as possible, but it really limits the range and usability. My main point is: what will happen in case we change our smartphone - as you yourselves point out, vrAse benefits from the fact that you do not have to change the whole thing as technology progresses, but only the smartphone. However, if I've bought a vrAse for eg S4 and then I want to buy the new S5 in 2 years, how will you accomodate that? thank you +1 more for Nexus 4 How can I choose the mobile device? And,, How can I write my arrival address? (I live South Korea...) +1 for Nexus 4 Any chances on iPhone 4/4S? @Priam well you'd have to consider all ports and buttons actually. You need to have easy control over volume, power button (in case the screen goes off - which might happen), headphones jack, usb port (to charge while using)... I doubt they can just make a universal one, but would love to see how they solve it. Isn't there any way of making a uniwersal phone adapter/holder? Maybe something slideing horizontaly for longer or shorter phones? You could make just one for all? Or is there something more to have in mind when placing the phone except the size? I have a 5 inch LG VU which You will for sure not adapt because it's not popular. It's powerfull and big and I would love to use this. I could probably squize it because I see other big devices supportet, The difference is that VU is 4:3 ratio. So again: if my device has similar size and I could squize it in do I have to consider other parts of the vrAse to be compatible? Maybe except the headphone jack of course. @Louise So happy that Nexus 4 will be one of the first! This is going to be incredible. I stayed up til the middle of the night waiting for the vrAse to launch on Kickstarter so I could be one of the first. what about iphone 4s? is it compatible or you cannot for technical reasons? I have backed for the moment... @Shadaz: Try Black Mesa with TriDef 3D, does that make you sick? When i just had the OR i got sick also. Nowadays nothing makes me sick in OR anymore :) @Creator: What about people with 3D printers? Can we add support for our own phones ourselves and share this with you and rest of the world? I've got a Samsung Galaxy Note 1 and backed the project anyway even though my phone is not supported. I guess i can mod it myself easily to add support for my phone? Will the software be flexible enough to also compensate this or will the models designs hardcoded in the software? @kokobin: I think size doesn't matter. It just has to be big enough to cover your total FOV. Quality of screen is more important (resolution, refresh rate, etc.) Check this link about screen door effect: <url>`re very right.. this is Poor Man`s Oculus Rift :D Lol.. hope it really do what it suppose to do... i hope no one say "You got what you pay" cliche.. after we got the item... El envio se añade ahora? Pej: 48+15=63. (pledged: 63 Backers: 48?) Felicitaciones por el proyecto; esta condenado al EXITO !!!!! The shipping is added now? Pej: 48 +15 = 63. (Pledged 63 Backers: 48?) Congratulations on the project is doomed to SUCCESS!! I love it! A poor mans Oculus Rift! I hope this doesn't make me as sick as the OR does! BACKER NUMBER 1!!! :D