Hey guys, For anyone who's reading, we've collaborated with our friends at Kings Wild Project to produce some awesome limited-edition Wasteland themed playing cards. Check out their Kickstarter here! <url>"more". Walt, to slightly supplement Trister's statement, the key is under the "Donations" tab, bottom of the page. Just activate it on Steam as any game key and you can install and play. Messaged you, James. I'm looking into this now, passatuner, will message you when we have an answer for you. Wasteland 2 beta status post: <url>"m assuming) please check out VIGILANTES on Kickstarter. It's a crime / gangster themed RPG, there's an alpha demo you can download, and the digitial copy tier is only about $9. Nice to see you guys coming back to your roots here to startup Wasteland 3 :) Hell InXile, I hope you read this comment area. I backed Wasteland 2 all that time ago because I believed in what you were doing... and had a great time playing. I was wondering if you would be interested in helping us do some PR for our upcoming Kickstarter as well. I know it's a longshot, but every bit helps. You can check out our project at www.ruinofthereckless.com and email us at <email> if you're interested. @dungeoncrawl - You only lose your trademark if someone can show you abandoned it. You're not required to bully other games or companies. And a trademark does not cover all similiar trademarks. Alien Wasteland was not infringing on this trademark in any way. It wasn't confusing consumers. @space monkey - that's how trademarks work. As the article says 'if you don't protect it, you lose it'. So if they let these guys slide then their position is weakened next time. Don't hate the playa, hate the game. BTW, you can play computer games on a TV screen. In fact, that's exactly what I'm doing. I don't get why ppl feel the need to buy an Xbone or PS4 when all graphics cards have a HDMI-out. Will there be further patches? Hey Inxile, stop bullying indie developers! I just saw this and found it despicable: <url>"I backed Wasteland 2 on Kickstarter, do I get the console version for free? We do not have any special agreements in place with Microsoft or Sony for existing backers and owners, so no, we can't give you a free console version or a discount. But, all the updates coming to the console version will also come to the free PC update, including controller support." I assume that's because of the various contracts that are necessary to get published for the consoles. The latest update has a FAQ covering this and other questions. Same question as Kevin but for the PS4 version. Is there a possibility of backers getting a download code for the xbox one? or a reduced rate for the xbox one version? I'm curious. I've read that previous owners will be able to acquire the new Director's Cut edition for free. If I own the Steam version, will I get the PS4 version as well? Or do I have to re-purchase the game when it releases for console? @ Chris LeBlanc on January 14, 2015, Hey Chris...not sure if you got your copy of WL2 Collector's yet, but I just wanted to let you know that that I have had mine since before the summer this year. I live in Ontario Canada. Greetings, I'm one of the original backers and have been playing W2 on my laptop. Since beta I've always thought to myself that this game would be cool on my big screen. That's why I pre-ordered W2 for my XBox One. Tomorrow I'll get to see all the glory on the 55" screen. Seems like the promise for mod tools kit was swept under the rug long ago. If you are interested in a tactical RPG be sure to check out "The Dwarves" <url>"Month is gone and I still don´t have my already shipped CE box" club. Got my CE yesterday! Yay! @Aesgard : You are not alone; i have not received my physical items either~ collector's edition came in, it had a download key (what the hell for? i donated well fro this and i get treated this way?) and after it was all installed, it wouldnt boot. ive been greeked... Is there someone waiting for the CE to arrive? Mine is yet to come although I got the shipping notice on Dec, 2nd Is there any word on the Survival Packs? Received the CE a few weeks ago and it looks great. Very happy with it. Have not heard anything about the Survivor Packs though and never received any details about them. Just curious if those were still being send or if I should be worried. Thanks I held off playing until the first few patches had come out, and am now nearing the end with 99 hours clocked. What a ride it's been! Thank you for an excellent execution, it's been thoroughly enjoyable and full of nostalgia. This last year has been truly great for us old-school RPG lovers, with Wasteland 2 and Divinity: Original Sin both delivering tons of great characters, quests and optional details. Hope to see even more in the coming years! So, when will the Red Shoes DLC be coming out? I mean playing the game with the current shoe choices is cruel. We want red boots! Just got my CE, looks awesome. Thanks I am reporting in to say that my CE arrived today email shipping notice was sent Dec.2.2014. Any updates on the modding tools? I haven't seen mention in quite some time & it would be a shame if this community faded away before we have a chance to do some really incredible things in the wasteland... Chris, I'm Canadian too and I don't even think I got a shipping notice on the CE yet. Came here to check on it and I see others are in the same boat. :\ Have any Canadian backers received their collectors edition? I received shipping notice on Dec.2.2014 but nothing has been delivered. Maybe I missed it but so far I have only seen 1 Video Development Blog, any news on when the other 3 will come out, or did I miss mention of them in a prior update. Thanks for the great game :) Still no package or shipping confirmation Got my collector's edition box set today, but not my Doomsday Prep Kit. Hopefully that comes soon! I think it was announced somewhere that these were shipping separately, but if anyone can confirm that, it would put me at ease! Thanks! :) So excited, my backer swag arrived today, all autographed and everything. I'm happy. Brien and crew, you all rock. Great job. Keep up t he good work you all do. Yesterday, after having received no shipping confirmation, my signed Collector's Edition and big boxed copy arrived. It was shipped UPS ground from California. I had no idea what it was until I opened it. Be careful when you open yours, since if you go to deep, you might scrape either the metal box or could even scrape the signatures off. Thank you, inXile. It's very nice. I just wish I knew it shipped. *package Woohoo, my pal cage showed up and everything is beautiful! :D I also havn't recieved shipping confirmation. Still received no package, nor news since the " your collector edition has shipped email" that I received on december 2nd. on the 21st, I posted a comment here, got no response at all. Now today I see people receiving their *signed* editions (which were sent later) ... what's the holdup here ? People in NY, USA received theirs over 2 weeks ago, and i'm in Montreal, Qc, Canada, not exactly far ... :( I hope so. I've been waiting so long. My signed edition showed up yesterday (12/29), so I would imagine you would be receiving yours soon. I should let you know I live in Pennsylvania. I haven't even received a shipping confirmation. ($250 pledge.) My signed edition showed up this morning. Looks great. Seattle here, still waiting on my signed CE as well with no updates or shipping notification to go on. I was at 250 as well Christopher Best Still waiting in Alberta.Hoping they are taking time off for Christmas,and signing.Nothing in my inbox. Curious if the signed editions are taking longer? I was in at the $250 tier and haven't heard anything yet. US. I must have been on the naughty list. Received my Collector's edition box today, and it looks like someone had stepped on it. Dented beyond repair. I hope support will make good on it, since I waited a long time for delivery. Should have packed the tin with foam of some kind to absorb some of the blow. Got my stuff (collector's and regular) and not too impressed with quality. Feel flimsy and cheap. Anyway, glad I got to support these guys but that'll be all for my Kickstarting. My last one (Leisure Larry) was even worse. Box and included stuff was absolute garbage quality. Nothing here in New Zealand yet. still waiting for my collector edition (Montréal, Québec, Canada) ... some people in New York, USA received theirs last monday ... Kind of starting to be impatient here ... Is there a way to get a tracking number ? Got my box; was a bit disappointed when I heard everything rattling around inside. Turns out my concerns were founded: one of the discs had popped out. Fortunately, it only suffered some scuff marks. Got my collectors box today (Sweden). Got it a couple days ago. Shipped from Austria to the states...no wonder it took a couple weeks. All good though! Received mine! No wonder it took 2 weeks. It shipped from Austria (so weird). The lunchbox looks great :) Australia here, just received mine today. Received notification on the 3rd of December (AU) and received it today 17th of December (AU). Perfect condition. Got mine, arrived in good condition. The miniature is just plain awesome. Coin I got had some minor flaws, but looks alright. The metal container is just the sickest. Got mine! Arrive in good condition. Seems shipping took about 2 weeks. Just got my collector's edition today and I am very pleased. Love the ammo box made of a good material. Very cool look and the manual and map are nice as well. Great stuff! I just received my collector box today (a bit used)... and I'm not so happy with it. I was expecting something more, let's say, collector. ^^ How long is shipping taking after you receive the notice? I got my notice like 2 weeks ago, but my CE hasn't arrived yet on the east coast. Got a notice on 12/2 that my CE shipped. Still has not arrive, getting worried. Bummer there is no tracking :/ Received notice, but haven't seen it yet. Our mail carriers have been terrible lately at getting things to the right address so hopefully nothing disastrous happens. So how are the CE boxes shipping? I got a notice that it was shipping last Tuesday, but haven't seen anything yet. Just got my CE stuff in PA. Everything was in excellent condition and freaking awesome!! I have backed a decent number of projects on Kickstarter (3/4 being video games) and have had a few....problem ones but this one definitely was not one! This is how a kickstarter should be run...good communication....good product....good everything really. With you guys (inXile) recently grabbing up some old game names I can forsee myself backing you guys again if you go kickstarter route. I received my great awesome CE here in Germany. Great Great Great! :-) Thank You, and im proud to be a backer from this Project! I received my collector's edition yesterday (thursday) here in Germany! Looks awesome! Received my CE yesterday and boy... it looks great! Thanks a lot! :) I'm glad these are finally shipping but not ideal timing, hopefully it'll arrive in 1 week rather than 2 and I'll actually be in town to receive. just thank you inexile! just got my shipping notification. congratulations on completing this project. i understand this was a difficult undertaking but please pay attention to these comments and avoid telling your backers what to do if you are going to address their concerns in this forum anyway. I just got my shipping notification, and I just realized that I have no idea what's in the collector's edition anymore. This user's account has been deleted. I had one issue with my rewards. It was solved in a day after I contacted inXile through the Ranger Center. I'd recommend everyone with issues to do the same. @inXile How about someone there actually give us an official update! Funny how you're all quiet now, is this how you treat the people that funded the game? Is this what we should expect with Torment as well? Brian, Stop ignoring us! Adam, they said on the Wasteland 2 tumblr that collectors editions should start shipping by the end of the month. Just wanted to say thank you to inXile Entertainment for delivering an incredible game. I ended up getting even more then what I was suppose to get. A few weeks ago I had received the retail version of the game in box. Woot!! I look forward to backing your next game in the future. Thanks for everything. Still haven't gotten to play the game. Each new patch I get my hopes up, only to find the cursor bug is still there, making the game unplayable. I don't think the Collectors stuff has started shipping yet. I am a US backer at $100 tier and I haven't received any notice. it has been 5 days, i and got zero responses from the project creator. when can i expect a response? Agree with Adam Lichi, I'm a 100$ backer too and i live in Russia, Saint-Petersburg. Could you please tell me the ETA to take my reward from post office? 100 dollar backer here- i have only got the download codes so far. when will i receive the rest of my backer rewards? the ETA date is already a year behind. For those who don't have the time to hunt down the Tumblr (really, would it kill them to update here), it's another two weeks to "start" shipping, with signed versions taking even longer. If they really do take two weeks expect major delays in receiving them since they're just getting into the holiday season here in the States and international mail always slows down. Really, that was my biggest concern and it looks like just what's going to happen. Unbelievable. Thanks for the heads up, Asa; I hadn't been reading the tumblr. Hopefully that means we'll see a backer update soon since many rely on those for news. They just posted an update on the Wasteland 2 tumblr about the CE release. Any news on the physical CE versions? It's been over a month now since the last update. Yeah, I donated for a collectors' ed 2.5 years ago. Wondering if that's ever gonna come through. Deep Silver a bloody joke. Please do not use them again for the Torment rewards. Over a month and there hasn't been any notice on the CE rewards. Don't let them fuck you around inXile, they are making you look bad. So. Haven't received any physical goods. Whats up with that? I live in Europe soo... any info? Yeah, that'd be nice to have some info about the collector ed. Some more Infos about the Collectors Editions would be appreciated. I just unpacked the boxed version of wasteland 2 I got in the mail . Are the disks Windows only? I tried to find a Mac installer on the disks, but couldn't find anything. Received today: so awesome. Package came in yesterday - Map, Game and Manual. Very nicely packaged. Thanks! Almost November. When are we going to get a firmer date on CE shipping? Pretty disappointed already, I gave more than I could technically afford at the time and can't believe we don't even have a date yet. Not feeling confident about my Torment rewards at this point, either. I received my box, but there's no instruction manual inside of it! The map, game disc, and soundtrack are there, but there's no spiral-bound manual. So…..now that I've received my boxed copy (love the cloth map) how do I install it on a Mac system? When I put Disc 1 on my drive, there don't seem to be any files on the disc that are Mac installation files. What am I missing? Got my boxed copy today! Very nice. Thank you. My boxed copy arrived yesterday, it is just beautiful. Opening up that shrink wrap and seeing the map and the spiral-bound manual almost brought a tear to my eye, haha! Digital distribution is great in a lot of ways but man, for big RPGs this is the way it's supposed to be! Thanks!! Woohoo! My box is waiting for me at home! Got my boxed copy today, it looks awesome! Hmmm, was every backer not supposed to be in the credits? Thats now 2/2 games where my name is missing :) I just got a shipping notification email for the standard edition of Wasteland 2. InXile says it will arrive in 1-2 weeks. Hey, is the digital concept art book already been released? One month after Wasteland 2 has been officially launched. I still have not received my CE for which i paid $115. Has it already been shipped? Are there any problems? wheres my Full large boxed copy of the game ? any news on this ? Yes, I do, because it's the truth. I'm sure you believe that. "I'm surprised developers care about reviews after GamerGate. Or do you guys keep a list of sites where the reviewers and publishers are not ******* eachother?" GamerGate was about sexism. Anyone else saying otherwise is leaping on the bandwagon or trying to sell you a bridge. Also: is this no longer going to be on Origin? Still no word on boxed copies? FYI - After discussions with the composer, the FLAC version of the Wasteland 2 soundtrack has been returned to the deluxe version on GOG.com, per InXile's request. @hkei : Great so i don't regret my steam activation anymore :( if it means backers won't have a FLAC OST then "big box" pledges are finally less intresting than the ranger edition that comes with a real soundtrack cd! Good news if you redeemed your deluxe key on GOG but haven't downloaded the bonuses yet: The FLAC version of the soundtrack that was originally included has been quietly removed, at inXile's request. Here is how I understood the rewards: - Basic level ($15): digital copy of the game - Deluxe versions ($30 to $75): Basic level + increasing amount of stuff (soundtracks, novellas, etc). - Collector's editions ($100+): replaces the standard box by the shiny one and also adds a digital copy of the game (that is what you get at basic level). So it wasn't a surprise for me that all the goodies were not added a second time, as a "digital copy of the game" is what you get at basic level. Even like that the $100 level is a very good deal: for $25 more, you get the shiny box + a digital copy of the game that is worth $15! I agree that since you missed this you would like to be able to upgrade and get the side stuff for your second key. While I know that we're not "buying things" here, we're helping to fund and get some goodies in the process, a simple math gives us a $60 value for all goodies ($75-$15). @Pedro: And where did it state that the items would be included as part of the key, that there would be two keys? For comparison, Tesla Effect (the kickstarted Tex Murphy game) had tons of digital extras, but they were delivered via their own website throughout the development period. Considering the Wasteland 2 had an external site, I figured this would work the same way. Many Kickstarter campaigns fulfill ancillary rewards externally and do not tie it to the key. Sure, that was an assumption on my part, but it was a reasonable one. Again: Nothing suggested the actual keys you received at the end would be different. And again: I would be fine if the person I am gifting this to could simply upgrade to the Digital Deluxe edition. I maintain that the rewards were poorly handled and the sale of the game continues to be poorly handled. I read again all the rewards decriptions and what's written on the reward is "The premium box replaces the standard box but also comes with a digital copy of the game.". The digital deluxe edition clearly states that it's the digital copy of the game PLUS all the stuff like novella, soundtrack and whatnot, therefore "digital copy of the game" DOESN'T imply anyhting more than that. I don't think there is any possibility to make the mistake here. Digital copy of the game is exactly what you get, there is no misleading description. @ChrisBee Really? Where did it say anything about a deluxe key anywhere throughout the Kickstarter campaign? Where and when did inXile state anything about the nature of the secondary key? The only information I have is what I was told via direct message from inXile which lead me to believe the additional key was identical. It's not a "gift" key either, not insofar as inXile is giving it to me as a "gift" - it's a key I explicitly donating for and asked about before donating. You use the word "entitled" as an epithet, but I actually am entitled to receive what I reasonably expected to receive, considering my reason for expecting it derived from direct messages from inXile. I don't want to go on and on here, but the pathetic individual here is you considering nothing you've said can be backed up by evidence or is even remotely reasonable. I donated $350 between this project and Torment in part because I felt I was being given 2 "full" keys that I could share with another individual. I asked inXile directly for information to confirm this, and though the deluxe key didn't exist at that time their response lead me to believe that all the keys I was due via my donations would be identical/full. Keep in mind, I was donating at the level I donated at for a variety of reasons, all of which were equally valid. 1 - to support the project, 2 - to receive the game when it came out, and 3 - to receive an identical copy of the game to gift to my family member. To suggest my family member should have backed the game themselves as the only method of obtaining a deluxe key is a ridiculous comment considering the concept of deluxe keys didn't even exist during the backing period and that every piece of information during the backing period suggested that all keys due backers would be identical. It is also unreasonable that there is currently no way to upgrade from the standard key to the deluxe key. Like I don't mind gifting this key as originally intended and paying 20-30 dollars for an upgrade. As it is, there is no avenue for me to convert this to a "full" key despite inXile leading me to believe otherwise. If you really consider it "pathetic" to be annoyed by this, well that's your problem, but my opinion is completely reasonable and correct. And for the record, I would be completely satisfied if they simply added an "upgrade to digital deluxe edition" option to Steam. @Chris that's not what the bar to the right says. Granted it isn't written clearly that it would be a deluxe or standard copy, but it should have been clearly stated that the extra copy wasn't the same as the copy at the $15 level. It says and I quote "Extra Digital Downloadable copy of game DRM free for PC or MAC OSX or Linux" Seems reasonable to me that people interpreted it to be the same as the key at the $15 level. It's rather ridiculous of you to pretend like it was clearly written that it would be a standard copy rather than deluxe copy. @Roger and Robin. You get ONE Deluxe key that YOU get for backing, and one game key as a gift. Its always been that way. If someone wanted a Deluxe key THEY SHOULD HAVE BACKED the game. You both just sound self-entitled to me. "Oh noes my free game that I can give away is not super special like the one I got". Pathetic. Woohoo I just discovered the backer skill thing in my Ranger Center account - after putting 60h+ hours in the game already :D I'll save this for the next playthrough hehe. So far so good, it's really great and the doing beta didn't spoil the game too much at all. Also, please bring back the junk hidden from regular inventory! Sounds like marketing got involved with the keys and was setting it up to skim more money. Then got caught or screwed it up, and the keys were generated wrong. Did the books ever come out, paid extra to make sure I got them. I'm with Roger on this one. Why is the second key not the same level as the first? What kind of post release rip off is this? They were suppose to be the same quality; now this jerk around??? Joseph, why wouldn't they care? A good review is a good review and for everybody that's upset about GamerGate, there's plenty of people that are oblivious to the whole issue. Also, unless information surfaces that inXile has an inappropriate relationship with the reviewers, I see no reason to doubt the sincerity of those reviews. The game overall is quite good, even if the graphics are a tad dated and there are issues with the distribution method at the present time. I'm surprised developers care about reviews after GamerGate. Or do you guys keep a list of sites where the reviewers and publishers are not ******* eachother? I'm not sure how your comment addresses anything I said. @Roger Helgeson Calm down chief. The beta became the full version so no need for another key. The next key is generated via the Ranger Station which can be emailed, posted, sky written, sent via Morse code or tattooed on someone. THIS WAS VERY CLEARLY OUTLINED IN VARIOUS UPDATES! I'm loving the game so far! It's got an 80s-cool thing going on, and it really nails the old-school feel without being as frustrating as actual old-school games. Congratulations on your Kickstarter success story! P.S.--A tiny nitpick. So far, my most epic battle has been with the camera. Oh, and thanks for making the game available for backers on GOG! (I don't like Steam much.) Sorry for that extremely long post. One other piece of info that confuses me further: I got this message from inXile awhile ago (via their Numeria Kickstarter): inXile entertainment says: Ah right, I hadn't checked to see if you'd backed Wasteland 2 as well, sorry. The $100 version comes with the skill and digital keys, yes. It comes with one physical copy (no code, it's DRM-free) and two digital copies, in fact :) Which, if I read correctly, means that I'm entitled to 2 digital keys via the Wasteland 2 kickstarter, and a 3rd key via the Torment Kickstarter (via the $250 pledge level)? So, I'm extremely irritated now. Can someone please help me understand what happened, and what I can do? Background: My father and I have been gamers since I was born - him before I was born - and I'm 34 now. So when I saw a Wasteland 2 kickstarter that was offering additional keys at some level, I was overjoyed. I thought, OK, I can afford to pledge a decent amount and get a key for my father, pay him back a little for all the games he bought me/us over the years. I even confirmed with inXile before pledging at the $100 level that the second digital key would be identical to the first digital key. My father and I have always been collectors and always strive to get the "most complete" version of a game possible, even if some publishers make that extremely difficult, annoying, or outright impossible (*cough* EA *cough*). Anyway, inXile confirmed that the two keys would be identical. All digital keys rewarded through Kickstarter would have the backer skill. At that time, there was no discussion of Digital Deluxe Editions or any such thing. I don't really recall discussion of Beta entitlements, either. But, regardless, I was led to believe that the keys were identical in every way. So I pledged $100. Anyway, when the Beta came around, so did our backer keys. Great! Well, semi-great. Only one key was delivered. OK. I asked inXile about this and they said that the second key would come with the physical release, which irritated me but it was what it was. Eventually, Beta gave way to Steam Early Access and our Beta keys became Digital Deluxe Edition keys. Sounds ggreat, but where the heck was my second key? I had to convince my father (ruining the surprise, of course) NOT to preorder on Steam (he often preorders new games that interest him, including Early Access) because I had already gotten him a key, and not only that but a unique key that would have content not available to people who just preordered off Steam. (Again, inXile confirmed this to me.) Anyway, the Early Access Period came and went. Still no physical edition. And apparently the second digital key is just a standard edition key. With no conceivable way to upgrade to the Digital Deluxe Edition on Steam. I'll grant that a lot of my displeasure with this is because I wanted to control the way I delivered the gift key to my father, but I don't think my expectations were that unreasonable given the information at hand, and information I asked inXile for. I didn't expect inXile would put it up for sale months before the game actually came out AND not provide the second key. I also didn't expect the keys to be different, based on a brief back and forth I had with them on Kickstarter. What did inXile think we would need/want additional keys for anyway? And why weren't the additional keys available at the start? And why, now, so much later, are the additional keys not a complete version of the game? And I could even live with that if it were possible to upgrade to the Digital Deluxe Edition. Right now, the second key I pledged toward is useless and I essentially screwed my father out of the Beta/Early Access for no reason. I'd really like to understand this. And I'd like to know what I should recommend to my father, since he seems to have to choose between the backer skill and the Digital Deluxe Edition, as he won't be able to upgrade to the Digital Deluxe Edition from the second key I've been given, which isn't really an acceptable alternative but isn't even possible anyway. Just a big WTF from me. I also pledged $250 to Torment: Tides of Numeria and now I'm starting to wonder if I should worry about that too. Sorry for the rant-shaped question, but I am asking for actual advice here from anyone, inXile included. My father keeps asking me if I'll have his key soon since he wants to play this and I'm not sure what to tell him since he wants the Digital Deluxe Edition and I wanted him to have that, with the backer skill. That's the TL;DR version of it. I've been playing the game--love it!--really want my big box copy! :) I have been holding off on playing the game because I pledged for a physical copy. I wanted to have the full old school feeling of installing it from the disk. (Yes I know it will have to be patched after installing but I can still dream.) Anyway, I'm starting to feel a little disappointed that we haven't at least gotten a "we're working on it" response :( This user's account has been deleted. @Richard Pilawski: i think we will have an announcement via email or at worst Mr. Fargo will tweet it When are the boxed copies going to be shipped? This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. When are the boxed copies going to be shipped? I am very satisfied. Yes, the game got not so great ratings because it is old-school. That is exactly what I was expecting and that is what I got. I do not think anybody funding this is really surprised. I will definitely fund further inXile games. This user's account has been deleted. Can we get any kind of eta on the physical goods? I'm excited for my boxed copy. Can we get any kind of eta on the physical goods? I'm excited for my boxed copy. Looking forward to starting up the game tonight. Thanks for all your hard work! Go to Ranger Center website at: <url>� Chris, it might be a time to get a new computer. Unlike most games - this was the first kickstarted I backed - and after downloading it I watched the credits - twice actually because I didn't see my name as a backer :( There were many names - but none of them were mine. 20 GB off of steam and a few hours later I was playing but it was fairly unclear how to even move or do anything. after about 20 mins I finally figured out how to move - it shouldn't be this hard to enjoy a fun game. Any possible fixes in the near future? Otherwise - sadly I'm going to stick this one on the shelf after waiting a long time for it to finally come out. I just started playing the game, and it's really frustrating trying to move around and get oriented. The original game was so easy to move - sorry dudes this one totally sucks! It looks great - but I can't play it if i have to adjust the camera angle every time I want to move, and moving is so slow! I downloaded and installed the game, but when I get to the character creation screen, my mouse won't move at all. So when should we expect physical goods to be shipped? Just realized I get 2 Digital Wasteland 2 Deluxe Edition downloads as well, which is cool All my bonus items are right there for me. Looks like we get access codes for the original Wasteland 1 and Bards Tales games as well. Didn't know about that. Thanks InXile. I'm downloading everything right now. Going to take awhile. When can I expect my Box version of Wasteland 2. I confirmed my address late, so it might end up on the 2nd batch. When will that happen? @Adam: I've gotten my digital book rewards and my keys. <url>"fallout 1 and 2" . i've actually never played fallout 3.. fight...kinda like fallout 3 i mean..they had fights here and there, fight! trying to avoid a fight, then fight! interested in the story, fight! like fighting, fight! wanna play again, fight! don't wanna do turn based fighting, fight! wanna do turned based fighting, fight! fight! fight! fight! do i regret paying for this, fight! Osama, if you want Linux then go with Steam. I've been trying for a day and a half to get the Linux version to download at GOG and I still can't do it. There also seems to be no interest on their part in providing the download. Otherwise, that's really up to you. Osama, you need to log into the InXile ranger center website to get the code for either Steam or GOG. I assume you've already set up a ranger center account. Congrats on your release :D I backed for 15$, what versions can I choose from? GoG? Steam? Or just PC executable? How do I make this choice (if any)? Loving the game so far, but...why no XP for using Animal Whisperer? Used it early on to avoid a certain fight, and received zero XP. Does it ever grant XP for problem resolution? Thanks ASA, that answers that. Has anyone else gotten their digital art book yet or is everyone waiting on it? In the forums they said that Chris Avelone isn't done writing his novel yet. I hope they release an update abut the status of physical and digital rewards soon. Does anyone know if the second novella "the earth transformed" is available to all backers it just those who pledged $55+? I'm hoping we can buy it separately eventually. Ah yeah, i noticed although i have 'All bad things' and 'The Earth Transformed' I'm missing the Chris Avellone book too. What gives? Ok, ive found my goodies on Steam but there's no Digital Concept Art book :( Am i looking in the wrong place? I backed at the $55 level so it should be among my rewards... GOG editions on sale have the soundtrack in FLAC format, but not for the redeemable one from Ranger Center (understandable since it's only Standard Edition) or Steam Deluxe Edition converted from the backer beta. Can we also have FLAC soundtrack for Steam Deluxe Edition? Having fun in the Wasteland. Btw everyone is very happy you guys are supporting Linux. Just check out the linux_gaming subreddit on reddit. :) I backed the $30 WL2 tier and was expecting, I think like most people here, to get the exact same edition of the game either on Steam and GOG, and unfortunately it is a big disappointment realizing only the first key gives us a full Digital Deluxe copy (the other being a standard edition). I had increased my pledge to $30 because I wanted to be able to redeem all bonuses on both platforms (GOG and/or Steam) and/or eventually gift it to a friend. The description for both $15 and $30 reward tiers mention "(Extra) Digital Downloadable copy of game DRM free for PC or MAC OSX or Linux" so it sounds pretty logical that by paying 2x the initial pledge price I would get 2 times the same edition, imho... Also a question that I've asked in the private messaging system, and I didn't exactly get the type of answer I was expecting (except that the Digital Deluxe comes with a WL1 copy in the same code) : * Back in Nov 9th 2013 all WL2 backers received in their account a Wasteland 1 Free Gift (that we could redeem either on GOG or Steam by pressing a button). I previously had not redeemed it because I was still wondering for which platform I would use this free key). Now that Wasteland 2 has been released, I no longer see a WL1 free gift key redeeming system nor key (just the Bard's Tale one) in my rewards, why has it disappeared? I assume those who had redeemed their WL1 key before the WL2 release could redeem it for instance on GOG, so they got one WL1 copy on GOG and with the Steam Digital Deluxe also a WL1 on Steam and vice versa, so it gave them 2 copies of WL1 in total, when some people like me only got one (unless I'm alone?), which is not exactly the same result : - 2 WL1 codes (1 redeemable anywhere, and 1 on the same platform than the Deluxe) vs - 1 WL1 code (sticked to the same platform than the Deluxe) I would appreciate some further explanations. Thank you :) I won't be playing today. GOG has seen fit to package the Linux version using a single 12GB tar file and won't allow the download manager to access it. So, after nearly 6 hours of waiting, the download crashed and I have to start over. Ironically, had I pirated the thing, I'd already be playing it. I've checked my character's skill sets, but I didn't see any unique/quirky skill that my party started with. Has anyone else found theirs? Also, when will there be Steam Trading Cards available for the game? I've been playing for a few hours and haven't seen a single drop. @Michael Wolf Might want to shoot a message at the ranger center - they're usually pretty quick to answer. In my case it's all there in a ~800Mb package. @Gabriel Alas that's not the case. I backed the $30 level and got the game plus an additional key but none of the extras have shown up yet. Congratulations on release! At a time when so many Kickstarters are disappointments, it's doubly good news when a major one releases something great. I'm looking forward also to Tides of Numera, and will not hesitate to support inXile and/or Brian Fargo in future crowd-funded projects. @Michael Wolf If you redeem through GOG like I did, there's a separate pack you can download that contains the soundtrack, manual, map, portraits, books, reference card and everything else you're entitled to (I get everything since I backed at the $100+ level, your case may or may not be different). It's automatically added as "bonus content" when you redeem your key. I imagine steam would work the same. @Agon The digital version just released a few hours ago, no one has the boxed versions yet. It will be a while until they arrive, especially in the case of international backers (like I am). Also, did you miss the update where they say you can get a DRM-Free box if you ask them (you also have to wait a bit more)? Because otherwise you'll get a DRMed boxed copy, since it will be steam-based. Congratulations! Cant wait to get home and play. Game is patched and I'm ready to play! Has there been any word on shipping timelines for collector's edition? I paid 115$ (100 + 15 for international shipment). I still got nothing. Are the boxed version on the way? Thank you inXile for all your hard work and the high quality piece of software you've released. Participating in early access was a great experience and I really appreciated all the responsiveness to the community. Keep up the great work! @Karthik re: #2, Steam has to be running, but you can set Steam to offline mode so you don't need an active internet connection. If I remember correctly this will also lock your Steam account onto the computer that's in offline mode, meaning you can't run Steam (and associated software) in offline mode on more than one computer at a time. @Karthik For the moment, patching the GOG version most likely (I haven't redeemed my key yet, so I can't tell for sure) is done manually. However, GOG is about to launch a client called GOG Galaxy that will also allow for autopatching. So autopatching will be an option for the GOG version of Wasteland 2 in the very near future. Hi folks, I have two questions about Wasteland 2. 1. How does patching work if I get the GOG version? Do I have to check the GOG store page for updates frequently and download them manually, or does the game have a patcher built in? 2. Does the Steam version run without requiring Steam to be running? That is, is the Steam version (kinda) DRM-free? I'm yet to make a choice about which platform to get it on. WoWWWWoooWooohooooooooooo! It's done. Thanks Mr. Brian Fargo! @volcatius YES, it does! The physical copy needs to be activated via Steam. Your best bet is to send inXile a message via the Ranger Center and let them know that you want them to send you the fully DRM-free replacement disc (which they will do free of charge at a later point). Can someone confirm that the Backer's Collector's Edition has DRM? Hmm, I guess my last comment sounds a bit negative. While I'd really like to know when we'll get the additional stuff, I want to thank inXile for an absolutely AWESOME game. I've played the game during the beta for several hours and had a total blast. I am also sure that Wasteland 2 will be one of the best RPGs this year! Does anyone know when the digital downloads (aside from the game itself) will be made available to the backers? I still miss the soundtrack, the exclusive Ranger portraits, the novella by Chris Avellone and the digital artbook. I also noticed that all this which I listed above are in the Digital Deluxe edition of the game, but the keys the $30 backers are getting are for the standard version only.Perhaps someone from inXile could help to clear up what's going on. Can't wait to get home after work today! :D IT BEGINS. Hooray! It's downloading... :D It's such a wonderful privilege to be in a place to enjoy the artful, meticulous, benign and brilliant work of others like those working with Mr. Fargo. Cheers! When did the second keys appear and are they vanilla Wasteland 2? HUZZAH!!! @Raul, you're joking right? I'm fluent in Spanish...as I'm sure you are...and if you can understand Spanish Castillian then you can understand "normal" Spanish. It seems like you're acting like non-Castillian Spanish is beneath you...but that is an absolutely ridiculous request. You can't expect inXile to translate their games into various dialects of languages, especially when any Castillian Spanish speaker also understands and can speak non-Castillian Spanish fluently. Just redeemed my second key on GOG, was a little surprised it was for the bog standard version there with no extras. Was that the case for everyone? IMO localizations/translations break all plots. In TV series, in movies, in books, in games. If humanly possible, you should always try enjoying all 'works of art' in the language they were made. But yes, I do realize some pople do not learn languages easily. Do you feel it, I feel it! :) I pledge 50$ plus shipping, and now i found that the game it´s not in spanish castillian and won´t ever be. Thank you so much inxile /sarcasm. Yesterday was thinking of pledging Torment after watching the teaser, pledge delay `till castillian support. Dance party, people. <url>"It's different but not really "more"." With the Ranger Edition you get some more physical stuff (the soundtrack on CD instead of the digital download, plus a poster and some art cards) and some less (miniature, badge, better map/manual). I just don't see why you would add those physical things to a ranger edition and make them available only to those buyers instead of just including/adding these (inexpensive) goodies to the backer's CE that costs $65 more. Metal box, spiral bound? Awww man now you spoiled the surprise =´(. I hope we get at the very least, as much as the $50 customers get, otherwise I feel a little insulted. Ranger Edition ($50 at Amazon) - Special carton box - 5 art cards - Full color printed manual - Soundtrack CD - Printed map - Poster - Code for Wasteland 1 No poster, art cards and physical CD for the backer CE ($100)? @Dwight The $6 game is the first Wasteland, not the sequel... Why the hell is this game $6 on Good Old Games when we were all charged $15? As someone who believed in this before it was even a reality this offends me deeply, the fact you even say "This low price only available for those who helped fund." is even more offensive. I've recieved the beta steamkey, original WL steamkey, and i belive a WL2 steamkey that i've used to be able to play the beta, still missing one or two WL2 activation key/keys. When is it or they gonna be emailed? Yeah! That works. I was in a hurry yesterday. Thanks TSG. @Jeff You should be able to send a message directly to inXile using the "Contact me" button on the right. They can forward it to the people appropriate. Probably not the right forum for this, but I wasn't sure where else to send it. Brian Fargo, I challenged you to the Ice Bucket challenge. My video is here: <url>"Official Wasteland 2 release date... September 19th! The 20+ year wait is soon over." - Brian Fargo <url>#51 as it does in fact state that the beta key is both 1) tied to steam and 2) will turn into the final version, again still tied to Steam. The tiers with beta access also explicitly state that beta access would be via Steam. @Trister, they aren't fulfilling their promise here, there was no mention that the Beta versions would require you to burn a key on a Steam version. Some of us pledged for 2 keys so that we'd have 2 keys, not one copy on Steam that we wouldn't use ever again and one to actually use. James, you need to log into the ranger center, I believe that previous updates stated as much. How am i supposed to get my steam code? i pledged 50$, and I am getting these E-Mails telling me that it's early access on steam but I got no code? anyone know when we will see another update? uh... you only need one of them for the beta? you'll get the second one when they get everything else out? I pledge 55$, suppose to get 2 copies of the game, why can't you fulfill your promises? also, serif fonts give a very different kind of vibe. they don't tend to lend themselves to post apocalypse type settings, giving a more old world feel to things. i think that's probably one of the biggest reasons that they're not going serif rob. it makes perfect sense for something like project eternity, that's dealing with a more medieval/fantasy kind of setting overall. very much agreed with rob on that. the text has just been too small the entire time, although i'm not sure it needs to be serif. frankly i prefer the cleaner look of sans (find it easier to read typically), but that's just a personal opinion. The UI is better but there is still an issue with the interface font. It needs to be larger and come from a serif font family. I just played it for the first time and got to the AG Center. I have to say I am impressed!! I am just curious if the voice overs are going to be there for all of the characters as they're so well done. I cannot believe how well the voice overs have been. four thumbs up! Any word on our physical copies being close to shipping? I couldn't be more happy with how this is progressing compared to other Kickstarter projects I've backed. So close now. I have not received my keys yet and it is not showing up with "available soon" text either. "The long-forgotten taste" Fan-art. Dedicated to Update #52 on Kickstarter. <url>"bad" DRM platform. No hates, just don't see why you all can't accept the future, its like the "Im not getting a chip!" people, oh yes you are because the future requires as much. First time playing this i hope it was worth the wait. The current save files will most likely be broken when the official release hits in. Major updates have broken the save files because of the changes and that will very likely happen with the release version as well. Does anyone know if we can continue with our beta progress when the game goes live? Or will we have to start over? Any chance that Brian Fargo and entourage comes to Berlin, Germany to the Video Games Museum for a little talk with fans followed with proper bender? Problem solved! Found it, sorry about the trouble. I haven't been on kickstarted for a while and wanted to know if this game was finished yet? Where can i find my ddm free download? Sorry for my ignorance, I'm pretty new to this. Who can i contact if my beta key was invalid? @Valka: Well, you are right, of course. I shouldn't actively hate Steam. After all, I didn't even tried it (last time I checked I couldn't download its client). Otherwise it will be just like in the proverb: "Didn't read [works of] Pasternak, but I condemn him!" Personally I prefer Humble Store. It has torrent download which automatically checks data for any errors and thus exterminate any corruption in files (redownloading broken pieces as needed). And it have nice direct download links which can be used with any download manager (I prefer "Download Master" even if it is a Windows program. It runs in Wine just fine). This two technologies provide maximum reliability while maintaning independence from locked 3rd party software. Valery, few people had to wait as long as I did to get better than 56k, so I am not unsympathetic, nor am I a Steam fanboy. Steam was very difficult for me to deal with for years, and they clearly prefer to cater to the mainstream. However Steam's download manager is reliable and stable for me. Yes, GOG has a downloader too, but I might opt not to install yet another one, and either way I'm going to save the game directory. I see no need to project hostility towards Steam about the choice, as we do have a choice. @Valka: And what? Will Steam somehow magically protect you from huge files? This is not vain question; I am using modem connection myself and can not even install Steam because it does not support partial downloading. Where do we put the address for physical goods to be sent? lifanov, I had always intended to opt for the DRM free copy, and never even registered at GOG prior to backing this game, but anticipating the huge file size I'm having second thoughts, and will at least consider getting it through Steam. Really not interested in being locked into downloading a Steam copy of the final game. I heartily approve of your decision. In reference to the beta being in the hands of backers for over a year and a half, please realize that I'm just teasing if I point out that the original development plan was only to be that long itself lol, but I have no regrets! Glad to have contributed, and I even have some of my own thoughts about utilizing the eventual mod kit. Bryan, I feel that you never made truly bad choices in this project. Best wishes on a successful release and in future projects. Garitt, they're not giving them to all the backers, they're giving them to anybody who is willing to get theirs via Steam and be stuck with a Steam copy. A nice gesture, but it leaves a bit of a bitter taste for those of us that don't want a Steam copy. You guys are awesome. Giving out beta keys to all backers; I love you all! Cheers on the novella update. "I don't use those forums and expected an email would come to backers with that information once the novella was available." --> me too so thanks for the info guys :) @Nigel - Thanks; I'm glad to know it was released on time. I don't use those forums and expected an email would come to backers with that information once the novella was available. @Curtis - It was released on the 29th of May <url>"other irons on the fire" and that's great, but please do not forget your promises about modding tools, and how much they mean to the backers and community that helped make this happen. Do we know what the system requirements are going to be? I can't afford to upgrade my system for just one game. I hope they say what they will do with the tiers with physical versions I love the news on your tumblr about the Wasteland 2 opening cinematic being shown on May 24th. I'm glad that backers will get a chance to see it to. I'm hoping that a release date will be announced at the same time. IMO it is ok to make people pay for beta. Sort of. I mean doing beta testing for free is kinda silly but if someone wants to actually pay to get to be a tester its' all fine by me. I've been playing computer games pretty HC for about 30 years and I personally have no interest in testing unfinished products without a decent compensation for it. And since way too many games get shipped in a f00king early beta phase I am quite happy to see strange things being performed if that leads to an actually *finished* product. True beta testing is not about seeing the game in it's all glory early on. It's repetitive testing of all things that could possibly break and half the time is spent filling out descriptions of what happens and how to make it happen. It's an actual job and not a very easy one at that. Then again I wonder how many of these 'beta testers' ever submit a single bug. they never had an official release date, but one will be announced this month. beta is probably wrapping up soon, since they're sending people over to start production on torment now. I backed the game for $50, so I should be getting the digital and retail version of the game. I thought this was getting released in April 2014. Is the game done. I have been here for awhile. Is it still in Beta? it is only months late by a forced estimated date that was never going to in any way be accurate, and could never be accurate. I paid for my early access to beta. Why should you get something for free that the rest of us paid for? Are you a democrat? Making backers pay $10 to get into the beta of a project that is months late is a strange move IMO. In the most recent update they told us that they'll announce a release date by the end of May. I'm guessing it will be released sometime this summer. I missed the notice that backers in March could have paid $10 more to get into beta, but that is closed now. Is there any plans to reopen it or is the product going to be released soon enough that it would be a moot point? because you didn't pay for beta access, and the game isn't finished yet? why should you get something you didn't pay for exactly? they gave everyone an opportunity to get it a helluva lot cheaper than anyone could get in the kickstarter if they wanted, and anyone getting it now is paying more than the minimum that was originally available. stop complaining, and just wait for them to finish the freaking game. second: they got triple their budget, meaning that the original estimate was never going to be accurate. and that's just it, it was an estimate, meaning it was never a set date, and the only reason it was put there was because kickstarter requires something be put there. end stop. you don't ever give a release date for software until you know your budget and scope. it's just that simple. Still waiting on a steam key. It's now been more then 2 years since the project has been funded. Either hand out beta keys to everyone who backed or release the damn thing. What is the release date / estimate for this project? When should 32,780 of us get our steam code? Why can't they just send the code now? you could probably find let's plays of it, i'd imagine. i dunno how much there is that's official though. Is there a youtube channel where we can find news and gameplay of the new beta releases? there was a time period that they were offering it for ten dollars, which would still have put it well below the original pledge to get beta access. If you're a $15 backer you'll have to wait for the actual release to get your copy. Or pay list price on Steam.... Oh, still no release date announced? Ok. Not a biggie though at this point as I will still be drowned in seasonal work for at least 3 months. Probably 4 or more. it's not officially released yet as it's still in beta. so no it hasn't been released. I dont think we have keys for w2 yet. I have not got the game and I backed for 15 also Has any backers gotten the game yet that backed it with $15 dollars? I have an email from back in Nov, saying to get W1 from <url>"here or on the Ranger Center" I'm still waiting for my steam key. Have I missed an e-mail ? i think that's still in the process of being ported. Who should I contact to get a Linux copy of W1? they weren't kidding about a huge update. 4.7 gigs is definitely pretty big. @ Anton Outkine it wouldn't really be realistic if things just automatically happened... i mean why not just create bots that play the game for you ? then you literally dont even need to click the mouse button to move the characters across the screen. Hey Perry, there is no release date yet. Managed to finally play this at EGX Rezzed. It's looking very good. Is the three month plan equal to three months real world time, or more like 5 months in developer time? ;) A recent update from the Wasteland 2 tumblr page: The next update to the Wasteland 2 beta will be another sizeable ones. We are adding more content in the form of the missile silo map, an interesting location that is set to challenge your problem-solving skills. Here is a short description from Jeremy Kopman, the level designer on Silo. “Slashed across eastern Arizona is a deep, winding canyon that provides the only access to a vast, resource-rich valley. As if traversing the labyrinthine paths – full of vicious animals and sociopathic raiders – wasn’t hard enough, the area is controlled by a fanatical branch of the Servants of the Mushroom Cloud. These monks worship Titan, bringer of death by the Great Glow… and a live ICBM with a nuclear warhead. Too bad braving this deathtrap is your only way to reach your next mission target: Damonta.” Along with the new area, we’ll be releasing new AI types (big booms coming) and behaviors for more challenging combat, replacing the previous merchant screen with a brand-new one – designed in part based on community feedback – and add a new logbook interface. It will also include a reworking of the Leadership skill which will make its effects much more noticeable. And of course, the update will come with a large list of bug fixes and additional polish. On a side note, we’ve received the first Mike Stackpole / Nathan Long novella and are in the process of reviewing it. Great news for those who have been patiently waiting for its release! Chris Keenan, Project Lead It's off topic but somebody tell my why playing games on Linux is better. Seems like it just means you get your games last. It's been 3+ months and we still don't have Wasteland 1 for Linux DRM-free... I guess "Linux is coming soon." is an euphemism for "it won't be happening any time soon". Not a big deal but it shows us how true the developers are to their words. Is there are release date for the game yet? I need to go back and review all the updates. @anton hrrm... i pretty much just stored all my medical stuff on the person that could use it. seemed the most logical thing to do, since i didn't actually have more than one medic. kinda hard for someone else to use it, but that's pretty much what i've done in every RPG i've ever played. as for the ammo, it stacks. all you have to do is condense the stacks in the persons inventory, and they'll just keep using it. i didn't notice having to actually reload people at any point because it used whatever ammo was needed for whatever gun was equipped. i guess i should play around with things more, i just completely didn't noticed it as an issue. i freely admit that it was just my experience with it, so you might have had some problems/complications i didn't run into just because you play differently. if so, then c'est la vie. i do agree that the interface does need some help though. i guess i just don't like things to become too streamlined because i personally like being able to micromanage things if i want to (probably comes from playing too much of the old civs where you actually COULD do that). but making it optional would probably be good, yes. @Tobi, thanks, I'll go the forum way, I guess. I don't mind reporting systems but theirs just don't make sense to me. @Anton - they say if you don't want to / can't use the reporting system then posting on the forum is the way to go: <url>— you hastily try to remember which member of your party picked up that suture kit and who has the skill to do it while your wounded member bleeds out FAST. Or you get the pop-up with the only option available — yes, Wasteland, OF COURSE I'd like to use that object because there are no other options. Lots of unnecessary micromanagement that doesn't really add anything to the game. You have to manually reload each and every party member after the encounter — why not auto-reload (provided that you could unload any gun or change the ammo type?) My list is very very long — I'm very sensitive when it comes to unnecessary micromanagement (um, does it have anything to do with my day job where I do interface design? Maybe). So yeah, I'd really like to write an email to someone on the team if the team is open to suggestions. yea, they're working on the UI. i didn't think it was anywhere near to unplayable though, just needs some changes to be made, text bigger, things like that. Installed the latest OSX build and played for a couple of hours; here to report that while the game looks and feels very nice, the UI is beyond horrible (very close to “unplayable”) — will that be addressed in later builds? I tried to use the beta reporting tools that were provided with the build, but I can't even open the list of known bugs/reports to see if they were already reported. Can I talk to a human being about it? Can I send a report to a human being to read, not to an empty web form? only if you had beta access. the game isn't officially released yet, we won't get game keys until that happens. Kickstarter should really have a "get your stuff, it is ready" for digital goods, I never know when I have to get things and I cant read ALL updates to ALL the projects I backed. So... since wastland 2 is now early access on steam, do we get our keys yet? RE: Torment, they can take as long as they like as far as I'm concerned. They are trying to deliver an experience on the level of Planescape. Polish as long as ye like, inXile. I sent inXile a message but maybe I missed something so I'll ask here: Have they said when backers due more than one key will get their extra keys distributed? I backed at the $100 level which comes with 2 keys. My second key is a gift and now that WL2 is up on Steam with Early Access and all that I'm curious when we'll get those second+ keys? Have they said anything about that? Also, I'm curious if they've said anything about what the backer-only skill is and how they are going to deliver on that (logistically). Will that be a separate key, only for backers? Speaking of Novellas, fans of post-apocalypse should check out Fall of Gyes graphic novel, <url>"it was all over". I'm enjoying going to Highpool first this time and seeing what its all about. Guess I'll wander down to the Ag Center after and see what the alternate ending to that part of the story was. Digging this 2nd play through more than I thought I would. @tomimt you should suggest it on the center code site. if you have beta access you have access to that and you can post suggestions there. that's their requested place for suggestions. posting for someone else: Torment Superbacker - The Enduring Exile about 3 hours ago I'm not complaining about seeing more updates hitting the update but could you list the fixes and close bugs in centecode? If it's chaotic like this people like me cannot send feedback properly. Thanks. So I decided to dip in the beta as well and I must say the game looks and feels even better when you play it rather than watch live feeds. I don't know if I'll try to play the beta fully "through", but damn, I am pleased about what I am seeing here. Only thing I'm not fully sure about is the world travel map, because you got your closer to surface travel and then the larger area world map, from where you can choose the location you go rather than just click on the squares near you. The closer travel map feels just a bit of a waste, as it all could be done on the full area world map. Dunno, I'll give it a couple of more spins to see if it starts to feel better. thanks for the update mr. beekers. always nice to get an official word on things. Check out the trailer for the new beta update - it shows off a lot of the new features: <url>"ALL BAD THINGS", has been released. I went to my ranger center account and despite backing at the $50 level, I found no novella. Has anyone else gotten it yet? why should it have been free exactly? that was something that most of us had to pay for, or do as an add-on. they offered it as an add-on again. there's absolutely no reason it should have been free. Last update we talked about offering a one-time chance to get into the early beta for only $10 to all our backers It should have been free. But except that, when should we be able to play the game, what is the eta of the release? Another year or 2-3months? @ Drake. Honestly, this is what pisses me off most. People pledge the bare minimum and act like their 15 bucks entitles them to act like CEOs over the developers. They seem to be completely powerless little boys (or girls) that suddenly feel like they have control and it goes to their heads. They spend more than 15 bucks getting take-out but suddenly THIS 15 dollars is worth a ton more and they care very, very much. It would just be kinda sad if they weren't so in your face about their issues. WoW hahaha I tought I heard it all on kickstarter , but whinning about $15 >.< Look in the year time you been waiting for the game to be made ! Tons of kickstarters has been ripped off for more then 15$ :p So be gratefull , you get a complete game for 15$ , others pay 40$ or more for it . where do i add the 10$ for beta access? please let me know, if i missed it i think i might kill myself :( Looking good. But please, please please fix "Seargeant" in the text. Or any other typos :> It takes so much immersion away, and it should be so easy to fix. (Sweet Dee was a level 16 "Master Seargeant") I was just wondering the same thing, Andrew. They said at around the end of the month. I have been checking the backer store for the last 4 days hoping to catch it. Did the ten dollar upgrade for the beta already happen? Inxile, Possible to regular save instead of save point only? Don't feel too good with shadowrun's way dude, complaining about my usage of "PC" synonymously to "PC with the window OS" is plain logomachy. it is obvious that I meant windows systems. secondly, I did not conclude "everything not explicitly stating Linux/Mac is Windows-only", quite the contrary: i merely said it does "NOT [mean] playable pc/linux/mac beta all released at the same time". you are the one concluding that "access to an early playabla beta" explicitly includes linux/mac. @Tobi My friend, please, stop reading between rows of text. "Premiere access to an early playable beta on steam" means just that. You are not delegated the right to conclude "everything not explicitly stating Linux/Mac is Windows-only". So those who backed at that level are totally right to complain. And, please, stop mixing "PC" and "Windows". Anything with PC sticker on it doesn't mean "Windows". "The beta is launching only for Windows PC initially. We’ll look into launching Mac and Linux versions soon, but they will need more testing before we feel secure in doing so." <url>"PREMIER ACCESS TO AN EARLY PLAYABLE BETA ON STEAM.", and NOT playable pc/linux/mac beta all released at the same time. so either play the PC version or wait till the linux beta comes to steam. nowhere did they say linux/mac will be released at the same time as PC. On a personal note, this "thea took ma mooney"-mentality in this context is pretty annoying and unfair. @zaphodbblx damn! that would be awful. i thought the linux version would be rolled simultaneously with the windows one! @zaphodbblx indeed, they took the money but don't really care about how the game will be released on these platform. you give money for beta but you can't even play it! This user's account has been deleted. I don't mind waiting for the final version (pledged $15) however i am curious what are the release date plans (seeing how front kickstarter wasteland 2 page date is no longer accurate) Anyone know if there is a date set yet for shipment of backer rewards? What a bunch of whiners in these comments... The Desert Ranger shirt is on sale at J!nx right now. Still no Mac or Linux beta 3 weeks after the pc beta. It's not like I didn't pay for it. They never told the beta would take so much time for other platforms. While anyone on Windows can play via Steam early access. That sucks for one game "representing" the crowdfunding and a good indie company, that's very disappointing. Well it doesn't really matter anymore. The support answered me some weeks ago with a casual and nasty answer, I don't trust inXile anymore on this point. @tyler - I really don't get your disappointment. I paid $15 to back it and will eventually get the full game. I then later decided (in the Torment Kickstarter) to pay $20 more to get access to the beta. So I'm in for $35. I got access to the beta and have been having a great time. Now, steam buyers can pay $60 and get access. They're paying $25 more than me...almost double. Why would I be upset? I must have missed it… when is the game going to be finished and available for all? Yes, after the first beta save game wipe, I'm holding off until the finished version myself. did you pay for the beta? if not, what's the problem? it's not a finished game at all yet. So steam gets it before a good chunk of the backers, I'd take a refund now if that was an option. that is obviously retailing for more, since it's 60 on steam... You got shafted by being able to have access to the dev forum and by being able to vote for the direction that the game is taken? Because of $15? Really? Ha! You got shafted because you paid $15 dollars for a game that you wanted to see be created and that will be highly polished when it is officially released? A title that will likely retail for more? Butthurt often? I honestly wish I could get a refund. You put money down early to show support, and then you get shafted. $15 could have netted me bioshock infinite AND another AA game on steam sale. Anyone who pledged below $55 got completely gypped. Just as a positive note, I am a backer and have my code. Played beta (wiped) and back at it again. It's fun and tickles me to the core. So is there still no beta for us backers yet? I see that I can buy the game and get early access on Steam already.... Kinda messed up to play your backers like that... This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Any educated estimates floating around when the game will be actually released? February? March? If it is later than March then my first contact with the game would probably be around August or September which would really suck. Fishing season starts probably somewhere around April depending on the ice situation and when that happens I may be in the middle of nowhere for up to 5 months. :( @Tyler: Pirates always get the best! That's because they are... pirates! This whole situation stinks, I agree, but there is nothing we can do about it. Rules of this game were set during campaign. Just read the description of the 55$ tier: "...premiere access to an early playable beta on steam." That's it! Well, maybe being a pirate-backer is not such a bad thing??? Who knows? What exactly is the point of backing these games if they will just be available on Steam early release before backers can even play them ? I figured the beta would be a release on steam like Amnesia Fortnight which gave you access to games that weren't available on the steam store. I like the idea of wasteland, but I'm not one of those huge fans who is going to plop down a $50+ to do a company's beta testing for them. You know they usually pay other people to do this stuff right ? You're paying for the privilege to do grunt work for them. You say it 'won't be long' until we have access ? How long is that exactly ? Because I've seen projects on early release that stretch out for 6months - 1yr. I put my money down early to show support and because I thought it would give a better experience with looks behind the scene, early access, etc. Now I find out it's just like any other early release game on steam. I would not have backed if I had this information from the get go. I'd have just waited for the regular release. PIRATES are already playing Wasteland 2, while I have to wait ? This is just completely messed up. This user's account has been deleted. I do hope the beta for W2 isn't as long as Kerbal Space Programs. About 'early access',, Well Kerbal Space Program just celebrated their first anniversary while still being in early access. Steam is just completely drowning into early access games these days and this whole phenomenom is starting to feel, smell and taste like a scam. Sure, there are good titles theretoo *like* Wasteland 2 but how many of those early access games will *ever* be finished enough to really be called a 'final' version? At least they should clean up all early access games the F away from the front page. For me the problem is not really that I don't have access to the beta now - I'm more concerned about how Steam early access often seem to last much longer than a normal beta (I wonder how long some games will stay in this stage - for some it looks like it might be a year or more). How long will Wasteland 2 stay in the early access program? I've asked this question to Inxile and didn't get any answer. At a 150 tier, and no access, I agree they should've done kickstarters first, w/e. We'll get in, or play the game, either way. Still you know, more optimal options could've been taken. Updated my pledge downloading beta now :D @eric ziegler: seconded. One can say you have to be responsible for what you do (pledge), but to be honest, I was not aware of the implications of all levels. I pledged 50$, but usually steam key is vital for me as well. The 5 bucks more wouldn't be much of a problem at that time.. Seeing them all playing around with WL2 while buying into early access on steam (which I often do myself) leaves at least a stale aftertaste, since _we_ financed it and _we_ believed in it. Heck, everything is handled right on inExiles side, but still it feels a bit like a little slap in the face, while asking for it beforehand. Not good. Anyway, I'm nevertheless exited, that it seems to be such a success. Just wanted to say the beta looks excellent so far! Great work :) Downloading the Beta right now... Dammit FASTER FASTER!!! LOL not bad, wasteland 2 is 2nd top selling game on steam. and that's early access for 45 euros a pop... not bad at all! According to the Ranger Center website, if you're already a backer you can upgrade to a higher pledge before release. So anyone who pledged less than $55 & now decided they want beta access can just pay the difference to get up to that tier. It does also say, "PLEASE NOTE: Upgrades will not be reflected in real-time, but will be updated after the transaction is fully processed. Please review your account after a few days." I won't lie, I'd be happy as an elf if inXile would decide to open early access for all of us, but at the same time I know I never was entitled to get beta access on my pledge level. Those who are getting the beta access through early access do it with a sum that matches the beta access here, so it's all fine and tandy by me. And as far I know you can still pledge more to get the bet accees if you want, the functionality is in the Ranger Center. eric ziegler: How much did you pledge for? The early access on Steam costs quite alot, to match the higher pledge levels here that was for that access. And as I understand it, you can upgrade your pledge now also to get access to the beta. The game is available on Steam early access for 44,99€ ... Too bad for the backers that didn't pledge enough , I didn't, I feel a bit :( Loving the beta, though it seems im having an issue with trying to save my game (already submitted a bug report for it). @Eric it was noted in the reward tabs that $55 was the first level tier that granted access to the beta...if you wanted into the beta then you should have pledged that much. I know that sounds harsh but in all reality you can't blame inXile for the fact you didnt pledge high enough to get into the beta. Also yeah people can pay to get into the beta, but lets see...first they are paying more then backers paid AND as far as I can tell are only getting access to the beta for buying early access (aka backers paid less AND get the additional rewards while early access players only get beta access and pay an extra $5. It is a simple and easy thing to have the beta available on steam for early access...its not like they spent weeks of additional effort to make it available on early access when they could have been making it available on Mac, and to be quite frank....what is the problem with more people getting access to the beta?!? More people having access means more feedback inXile can get and a better and more polished game they can have in the end....isnt that the point of HAVING a beta at all? Wow, having a great time in the beta (sorry kickers who didn't get the beta level). What is the schedule for Wasteland 3? Have you started it yet?? ;D I just think it's messed up that people can play the beta on steam early access but I kickstarted it and still have to wait. What the hell? Hi Guys, That the beta is first on PC... well why not. You can't do all platforms at first. But that this Beta is in steam early access BEFORE backers on Mac can touch it!!!!! really don't like it, REALLY. I have the 55$ Tier but were do I finde the Beta Key for steam? the Ranger Center only has the reference Card on it and the other site has the Bard's Tale and WL1 Key... but noch WL2 Beta... So I just realized there are like 4 sites for this game.... any plans on maybe consolidating them? So I thought I had beta access in the $50 tier. FML If 1. was not clear. I don't mean voices when you miss in combat, but each time you give them orders they would give a comment based on current situation or their own health status and such. At the moment it feels like playing with a group of mutes. I don't care about VO in everything, but clicking on characters and giving them move and attack commands is something that will be done more than anything else and it should give us satisfying and varied vocal response. I been watching the stream a bit and I noticed two big things: 1. Your characters miss confirmation voices. I hope this is added (I know they said their sounds are not all done yet), I also hope they can add some special comments based on the party composition (like if you have 1 guy and 3 girls he will have a different line than if it is mixed group or an all male group). Kind of like military banter small squads would have before or during combat. 2. Is there going to be night/day cycles and a way to wait for certain time in the day? I Fallout you could wait and use night or day to increase your combat chances or to find special NPCs or events. Oh man. I only pledged $50 and can't play the beta. Oh well. When is the game going to ship? Next year? fallout 1 & 2 and tactics free on gog.com for 46 more hours "Though I continue to tell the programmers not to put bugs in their code since they will just have to remove them later..:" Love that comment! Darn programmers - why don't they listen? :D @Allen Berge I feel your pain. $5 more and I'd be playing right now. tnx for the info. Since I will not have access to beta, I will really like to watch people stream their play :) @Archangel This question came up on the Wasteland 2 forums, and the official response was that people testing the beta are allowed (and encouraged) to stream. Is there any news on the DRM free Linux version of Wasteland 1? Does anyone know if beta will be under NDA or will people be allowed to stream it? Hi fellow backers, if you like adventure games or SciFi backgrounds, please consider helping Stasis to reach its final stretch goal : <url>"Deathfire: Ruins of Nethermore" by a man named Guido Henkel. ;-) It's a party-based CRPG, where you'll enjoy rich storytelling, turn-based combat and meaningful characters. For your convenience see below; <url>## Just had to share this quote ## “I’m looking forward to hearing more about Guido Henkel’s next project. Working on high quality projects like Planescape: Torment, Fallout 2, Realms of Arkania and more has given Guido great experience in the RPG genre!” — Ray Muzyka, Co-Founder of Bioware So get over there and make a pledge!! :D Any news on the novella, guys ? This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. I probably have exactly the same problem as passatuner, though I wasn't at customs yet and don't know whether there's a declaration of value inside the package (which would help). I had a similar problem in the past (Shadowrun Returns) and it helped that I printed a pdf from the Shadowrun team explaining the situation. It would help if inXile could prepare something similar (a short, one pager explaining the kickstarter project, that the t-shirt is part of a larger package and how much it would be valued at retail), so that the customs guys know how to handle it. Done with WL1. Ready for me WL2 beta now please. :) I am having trouble getting an account set up from the email you sent every one... Please help me get into the loop.... This is the link i am using from the email ... <url>"I think there may be some other way to free the mouse pointer with DOSBox" In standard Dosbox : -Ctrl+F10 : release/lock the mouse cursor. -Ctrl+F9 : quit Dosbox. Anyone been able to get this run in windowed mode on a mac? I'm using the GOG version, have not had any luck yet; Using OS 10.9 I have been able to run it in windowed mode from the Steam version. You can alt-tab out to get the mouse pointer free, and I think there may be some other way to free the mouse pointer with DOSBox, but I'm not sure. For the people playing from Steam, be sure to check out the extras in Steam\steamapps\common\Wasteland\Extras! Lots of great stuff including the manual, hint book, ref card, and paragraphs. I'm not sure where this content is for the GOG version. One quick tip for wasting time to heal, just hold down the ESC key in a safe area, it lets you pass time much more quickly then running back and forth. @LionsPhil - ALT-ENTER gets it into windowed mode under GOG, does it under Steam? Would have thought so. @harley if you got the steam version of it, there was a problem they had to get fixed. it wouldn't actually let me download any files initially. if you're doing it today it should have been fine. Never mind. I'm an idiot. :) Has anyone figured out a workaround to make WL 1 run on Mac 10.7.5? Is there a way to get Wasteland 1 into windowed mode, ideally which won't get undone on Steam updating it/verifying files? Tried again with the code. Worked. I had an item in my shopping cart, I removed that and it worked, not sure if that was the issue or not. Lee Nope not in my games or account. Arrg~! Sent support msg as well. have fun all hopefully Monday. @Lee Sweeney - Not much help, sorry, other than to say that the GOG route is basically working, even though not for you. When I got my GOG key, I logged into GOG first, then clicked on the redeem link and entered the key. It was accepted and I downloaded it straight away (about 8 hours ago). The receipt e-mail from GOG said to contact their support <url>~! Playing Wasteland 1 right now through Steam, thanks guys! Still no help from GOG or folks here. Does no one Plan things anymore? Used the code on GOG but they did not let me DL the game. ARRRGGGGGGGGGG I received a message regarding Wasteland 1, and while it is sad that a DRM-free Linux is not available now, it will hopefully not a long wait to get that version, at is it said in that message. Thank you for wanting to deliver us a DRM-free Linux version! @Valery "So, IMO our world consists of two kinds of people: those who talk (GOG) and those who do (Humble Bundle, Inc.)." Although, there is the third kind. To misquote for our younger viewers "Do Be Do Be Do (Sinatra)" <url>"will *not* offer support for Linux in the 'foreseeable future'" (read *never*) : <url>~ My main complaint about STEAM is, they are THE uninvited Guest at my LAN parties. ~ i.e. LAN parties didn't use to end because somebody took out the pole with my RoadRunner connection on it. ;>P Is this game going to support SteamOS? Will the WL1 re-release contain the option to reset maps? And please, oh please, do not just release a "ubuntu" version of your games: Ubuntu is not the only Linux distribution out there (just use a plain self-contained tarball, not a .deb package). :) Question re the last update: you will re-release Wasteland 1 on both GOG and Steam. Nice! You will make it compatible with Linux: awesome. But I guess that I will need to get the Steam key in order to have it work with Linux (GOG just doesn't support Linux. That's plain wrong, but that's the way it is...). And I don't want to get the game on Steam. Steam is bad and the licensing is awful, here in France (don't own the game, just have the right to play it for undefined time period: it's just a rent, not a purchase). Am I stuck with a Windows only re-release of Wasteland 1 on GOG? Or will you offer a direct download from your website? Recently ran across Graywalkers: Purgatory: a Post-Apocalyptic Turn-based Tactical RPG; looks great and Wasteland fans should dig it (they list the original Wasteland as an inspiration)! Check it out: <url>"J!nx" that "my order" has been shipped .. I had not made any order with them, and it didn't specify what I possibly could've ordered .. and after a fair bit of digging, I bump into a Wasteland 2 update that mentions with two words "J!nx website" and nothing more .. I *assume* whatever they're shipping is a Wasteland 2 T-shirt, but I would've liked this to have been a bit more clear Any News? Despite my misgivings about the funding of a second project before the completion of the first, I'm willing to wait for this game. A timeline update would be nice though. The features look great, and I love the update emails, but some projected dates would be great. As October 2013 comes to a close, please be assured that THIS pledger is more than happy to wait for as long as it takes to get the best Wasteland 2 you guys can make. Between this project and your return to Planescape, the potential for greatness makes me just as happy as the day I will actually experience the games. As a developer, I understand two things very clearly: Projected release dates that come before the product is what you envisioned, and the impatience of those who are waiting for you to deliver. Peace! Still no news on WL1? second sentence. before = perform. Hope to see the early beta hit soon, the game looks great, hoping it plays like I hope it will. Serious question: Any word on if Team AI for letting not-currently-selected PCs before their own combat routine/responses? Serious statement: I'd rather see a later release date than one that is too early and is rushed. I would hope that since this is a kickstarter game, the first of its kind(to be sure), that the level of polish will be up to your own developer standards. Hopefully things like "rushed" games are only a term used for publisher funded games, that have unrealistic/unnecessary timelines for completion. Random thought: Convince kickstarter to let you do a 2 year funding window, propose to make a "super" game, goal is 50 million realistically. invite ludicrous amount developers on board. have a to many cooks in the kitchen scenario, complete the game anyways and roll in the hilarity of having made a "super" game. All genres. a super game. Ship the game as a SSD HD because its 200+ gigs of data. Also, what word on the mod kit? Check this out, its seems an interesting rpg game www.kickstarter.com/projects/1713834306/reborn Waited 14 days so I'll try again. InXile, do you have an updated timeframe on WL1? For some reason I feel particularly hyped about this today! We're a year and a half in, closing in on the beta version, and soon to enjoy a relaunch of the original Wasteland? I'm definitely looking forward to playing the game that first brought me to Kickstarter. Wish the textures were a higher resolution. I supported your Kickstarter awhile back and I was hoping you could lend some support to mine. <url>‘Resurrectionists’ performed in the name of science. Read about the Portuguese concubine who was exhumed and made Queen and about the deceased Wild West outlaw who travelled America as a funhouse prop. These are just a small sampling of the very true tales of the wandering dead that can be found in the pages of After Life. Learn more here: <url>#32 <url>"aaaaaahhhhhh" into my ears every 30 seconds while I'm trying to chit chat with Fred Darvis. Thank you kindly. Sometime in the future, before Wasteland 2 comes out. InXile said in the previous update "After getting the game in our hands and ensuring it runs on modern machines, we plan to distribute it FOR FREE to all our backers before Wasteland 2’s release..." Either inXile is either (a) waiting for EA to give them the game or (b) ensuring it runs on modern computers. Where and when can we play Wasteland 1? I've been trying to find it online, but to no avail, then I heard that every backer of Wasteland 2 gets a free copy of Wasteland 1. I'm definitely interested!! Any word on when we will see Wasteland 1? There was the announcement and then....nothing. Really want to go old school. I love everything I am seeing about this game. Will there be a katana? Swords? Sad about no unarmed, though. thanks for the new UI, looks far better. not perfect yet, but far, far, far better. Keep up the good work! ermagead, the new UI looks awesome! check it out guys!!! <url>"complete"? This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Making any deal with the devil (EA) makes the hairs on the back of my neck stand up. Everyone, on the new update Poster : Brian, PLEASE make those Wasteland prints available as a stock POSTER for the rest of us... Not all of us have that kind of money laying around.... with backing Kickstarters and all I'm broke now. Everyone start requesting the SAME THING, the more support we get the better. I would be willing to pay $25 for an Unsigned/Unnumbered poster. Hey guys, i have a questions, is there ant information on WASTELAND DOOMSDAY PREPARATION SURVIVAL KIT, what kind of contents would be in them? anyword on the beta testing ? Tought it was slated for october ? according to interviews in june ! so what happened to that ? how do I change the shipping address? The tractor printer on the HUD was a nice touch. :) Looking for a new project? Like Game of Thrones? Maybe like coins as well? If that's the case, check out the Game of Thrones Westeros "Golden Dragon" Coins campaign here on Kickstarter! I've just backed them myself, and I've got to say, those coins look pretty darn good! Take a look and decide for yourselves if this is worth your support: <url>"good" town but I would never see the loot I sold off for pennies in the market find its way into the good guys' hands. I would expect a region that I've brought security to to start defending themselves. Especially after I indirectly arm them with a surplus of firepower. I would love to see that sort of dynamic emerge where I'm not just killing and destroying but also creating a new land of peace and freedom. I'm late commenting on the inXile / Deep Silver party. The way I see this particular situation is that Deep Silver is acting as a "distributor", not as a "publisher". That's a big difference. As long as Deep Silver does not have any creative control over Wasteland 2, and inXile did not give up ownership of the IP, I don't see a problem. It's really no different than getting the DRM free version directly from inXile, or getting it through the GOG or Humble Bundle distributors. Unless Deep Silver screws it up, I'm glad to have the help in reducing physical rewards costs. Plus they pulled Saints Row from the THQ wreckage. Again, hopefully they will not screw that up. InXile, please release the game complete and not a quarter of a game like Shadowrun Returns is. I liked the game just fine but, man alive, it is so friggin short. mbpopolano24, I'm sure everyone on kickstarter is so terrified of the consequences of crossing you. You're so brave. Take the time you need to finish it , So far what has been shown looks good ! People complaining about refunds scams etc , the delivery time isn't even reached yet ! You are backers not preorders , even in preorders sometimes things happens . Sorry if you don't believe in a project then don't back it up , cause your cut has tax kickstarter fee and amazon fee , so you expect a full refund on your money ? Sorry it is a trust issue , they can make changes as long they keep to the original pledge ! I think some people moan too much should stop backing up projects ! For wasteland 2 if they are looking for distributer or publisher to handle the shipping etc . I don't know if it is wise , but could be cost efficient , but what if deep silver fails to deliver the rewards ? Then you have a issue ! @Freyar: Deep Silver will surely get the usual cut from the physical box sales like any other distributor or shop in a delivery chain. They will also get either a bigger cut or a payment for handling backer fullfillment. But since DS produces the boxes anyway it can do that for a fraction of what it would cost inxile to do it itself (because of mass production savings and established infrastructure). @Freyar Deep Silver is a distributor in this case, which is different from a traditional publisher deal. inXile is set up to make software, not create 100,000 boxed copies of the game. Deep Silver was more than likely brought in to handle physical production and shipping. Obviously they're paid for the use of their distribution channels, and they seem to have some part in localization and international markets. Keep at it. Wasteland 2 is in a better position that that of DfA, though I'm not particularly ruffled by that either. Just keep doing what you can do and we'll see it on the other side. Distribution deal did worry me, and I still wonder just what benefit Deep Silver gets from their role in this. Take as long as you need to make this game the best it can be. I gave you guys my money because I wanted a game where the creators/developers' vision was uncompromising. I am tired of publishers forcing developers to release unfinished products just to meet deadlines and fiscal year goals. Release a game you are proud of, that's all that matters. @William, I got my money back from Shadow Run Returns because they weren't going to be able to sell the game DRM free to non-backers. And that was just a couple months ago, I think that was about the same point that Wasteland 2 is now. However, that was a case where they were caught lieing to the backers about the status of the licensing agreement during the campaign and where they delayed notifying backers about the change until way into the development cycle. I just don't see anything here that would warrant issuing refunds. It appears that Deep Silver is just handling the distribution of the rewards, and not making changes. Makes a lot of sense for us as they probably do have a more efficient process than inXile does, which means more of the money can be spent on delivering the game we want, then on overhead in providing the swag we've been promised. @meganothing - rofl, awesome! @jason - man i sure hope so! but they know that we don't want "sanitized" :) @Jason Rimmer: i would expect so. i mean "exploding like blood sausage"s :) well, at least we will have killer text descriptions :p Are we going to have some crazy death animations similar to Fallout 1 and 2?? Or is the game quite sanitised? inXile, I just want to say that I don't mind AT ALL about delaying a few months. I totally realize that you raised 2-freakin'-MILLION dollars over your goal and that the size of this game and complexity of the game is way beyond the original projection. I also understand that you want to give us the best game possible. I have ALL confidence in you guys and am totally excited by this game ... but I can wait! @mbpopolano24 Kickstarter is not a platform for commiting libel, which is a violation of the terms of service for Kickstarter. I suggest you cease your violations of the Terms of Service before I am forced to contact Kickstarter and ask them to remove you from this service. @John: Because of your post I read his comment feed just now and found an interesting comment he made here exactly a year ago: "And the crazies got out of their holes... Fargo, please, do not send any updates any longer and just come back when the game is ready, these people will complain about anything at all for the sake of complaining....". If you read mbpopolano's comment feed, he's been consistently disappointed in projects and has asked for refunds from several of them, but he usually explains why he did. What I don't understand is what inXile has done that would warrant them "giving him a refund", because he doesn't explain it to the people here, he just says that they are "liars and scammers", when I don't see anything of the sort here. If you're going to make a public case, you better explain to the people reading it why you feel they have done something to warrant giving you a refund. Love the new interview with Brian and Nathan: <url>"offer you the same deal I offered the others". So you did this already a few times? My advise to you: Stay away from kickstarter. It is not the right model for you. (I don't want to bash you, it is just that you are very idealistic and demanding, probably too much for KS). Thinking that KS would create a parallel economy where (big) KS projects would exist without any distributors is simply unrealistic. Note that even in the digital realm distributors like steam and gog exists and HAVE TO exist. Kickstarter was supposed to free us from the 'evil' publishers. Now we are dealing with (some) 'evil' developers. Refunding unhappy people make just sense from a business point of view, that's all. ixLIE can decide to opt me out, or deal with the consequences. Either way, I'll get my money back. @mbpopolano24 - How can you expect to get your money back this close to release?? I'm sure you are welcome to sell your copy when you get it. Plus, remember you donated the money. inXile has no obligation to give the money back. Crowdfunding is not Gamestop... Here we go, ixLIE joins the other groups of scammers riding the Kickstarter movement. I do not care of your goals, your lies, or anything else. I just asked for a refund since I do not want to partake in this shady business of yours. Initially you were kind and considerate and agreed to do so. Just now you are lying once more saying that you 'cannot' refund my money due to 'business decisions'. And so, magically, you are at the top (bottom?) of the scammers, since at least the other scammers were kind enough to give me my money back without a glitch. ixLIE, I offer you the same deal I offered the others: give me my money back and I will leave this board forever. Your move, ixLIE. Thanks Thomas! I think you guys are doing great, looking forward to the game :) Kickstarter/backer exclusive items remain exclusive. The retail edition Deep Silver will offer will be different from what we offered our backers. @ Bob / Tobi - True enough, kickstarter items should remain kickstarter exclusive, and I think they will. For example, as much as I would love to purchase those backer t-shirts (they look awesome), I completly understand why they must remain exclusive to certain tiers otherwise it defeats the purpose of pledging that high... Deep Silver will probably only handle the boxed copies after the kickstarter goodies have been shipped, or so it seems. @Bob M - since in the regular online-store (<url>~30 people company. How the hell are they supposed to handle everything themselves in an effective manner. The dynamics here a quite different than regular publisher-developer relationship. Normaly a publisher pays a studio to make them a game. That means the publisher is the "boss" In this case, inXile "hired" a publisher to deliver THEIR product. Since the publisher is NOT giving inXile ANY money, it has NO power to dictate ANYTHING inXile is paying them to deliver physical goods at a cost much lower than it would take to do it themselves and it is allowing them a cut of the PROFITS (which belong to inXile to do what the hell they want with it) to continue delivering physical goods not related to this kickstarter So, chill! Bob M: If inXile would handle manufcaturing and shipping of goods themselves they'd pretty much would have to assign people on that mostlikely fulltime for a while. That would cost quite alot, so it makes more sense to outsource those tasks to some one else who has ready infrastructure to handle it. @ Bob M - I always had the impression that they communicated from the beginning that they would outsource the fullfillment to an external company, but maybe i'm mixing that up with a different kickstarter. - and it gives them "more money" because the distributor gave them money for the exclusive right to put game boxes in the stores. it's not about the rewards, it's about retail sale of game boxes! Anyone seen any word on system requirements? I have no issue with them partnering with Deep Silver as a publisher. I am concerned, however, about the fact that they are simply handing off Kickstarter backer fulfillment to Deep Silver. That wasn't part of the deal when all of us donated and I'm not understanding how this will give them "more money" to develop the game. We have essentially already paid for our backer rewards and unless Deep Silver is some kind of charity that creates items and ships them out for free, I'm not seeing the benefit here. Does this also mean that the same backer rewards will be available to people who didn't back the Kickstarter at retail? That would be very disappointing indeed. agreed with tobi. inxile cannot produce all the cardboard boxes and goodies themselves. i mean they can but it would take a lot of money to invest for this. so they subcontract a german firm to do this. talk about c-c-c-combo-breakers... also Hans, they ARE self publishing (digitally). but can't you see that retail (physical game box) is a different thing? they would have to invest hugely to produce boxes and get them into the retail stores... i for one am happy to see this game on as many shelves in stores as possible. and inXile has the luxury (and they have stated it) that they don't need to do contracts where they lose control - bc the development is already funded (and that was the problem with the classical publisher model)! so in effect Deep Silver is a distributor, not a publisher (in the classical sense). If I didn't know any better, I'd think you guys wanted Deep Silver to screw InExile over due to some fanboyish hate for the word publisher. Oh wait. I know that InXile says that there are no drawbacks by them using a publisher to deliver the game and physical goods to us, but allow me to be a little sceptical. I was under the impression that self publishing was one of the goals here... Now I know Deep Silver is not the worst out there, they are not EA after all, but still, leaves me feeling uneasy. I hope this deal with 'deep silver' doesn't tank or have any "unforeseen consequences" I fourth it! I third it! @Silver I second it! I am a backer on the syndicate sequal, satellite reign! Please back it people or atleast check it out! <url>"very nice". An optional t-shirt addon for the $150-$500 pledges for $25 (or even higher) would be nice. But whatever. Never having a kickstarter proyect t-shirt has been so expensive. Statement on the T-shirts you mean? They are not going to be sold later as they're Kickstarter-exclusive. They're included automatically in all tiers $1000 and up but $150-$500 will have to choose. We do not plan to offer them as add-ons. Sizes are J!nx's standards, we forwarded that feedback on lack of options to them. Yeah, in any case it would be great to at least have an official statement on this matter... Totally agree with Shanehzoah, would be very cool if $250+ backers got a t-shirt included, if not would LOVE to see these added to the backer store for purchase! With regards to my previous comment - <url>"computer games tradition". Original Wasteland had list-based inventory (loooong before "Skyrim"), Original Fallout had list-based system (albeit with pictures instead of text). Both of these games are progenitors of true Western-style CRPGs. So inventory lists have every and single right to be in the game. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Consolized Dragon Age/Skyrim style inventory lists. My god, I can't believe it... Inventory lists!?!?!? Are you effing kidding me? I am tired of the damn annoying inventory lists, they drive me mad and are such a waste of space. We have a PC including a MOUSE and not a damn Console with a controller. It must be SLOT BASED. That is is it. Anything else is unacceptable. PERIOD. Design some decent icons and make it slot based. Sorry for ranting, but this really makes me mad. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. @Michael Owens Try here: <url>" We'll put the game on retailers that use DRM, like Steam or Origin, sure, because our backers can decide for themselves if they prefer that option, and we're agnostic to where you get the game." If this is true for other projects as well then my days of pledging are over, DRM-free should be for everyone not only for backers. I agree, if more projects are going to go tjhe DRM-free only for backers route then I´ll also will stop pledging. I pledged to Kickstarter because I´m sick and tired of the way the big companies are trying to get every penny they can from their buyers. Just adding my voice to the chorus; I am a Shadowrun Returns, Wasteland 2 and Torment backer and a tad annoyed about the DRM -- I'm one of those anti-DRM/Control Linux guys which means that while a lot of folks think I'm crazy for "being against fun", but I think they're crazy for wanting to give away their rights and control so eagerly and easily. I thought part of the strength of Kickstarter was to be able to control such things, but it seems this is not the case. This user's account has been deleted. I pray that Wasteland 2 won't be hit by a DRM snafu like Shadowrun Returns. I really ought to be more careful about backing games on Kickstarter.... Yeah imagine if they announce that Wasteland 2 DLC is only available on Origin? :X This user's account has been deleted. So, considering all the drama lately with projects running into setbacks and cutting corners, it would be nice to know if if Wasteland 2 is currently on schedule and that no surprise bad news is forthcoming. :) Fallout & Fallout 2 (and some other games) are 50% cheaper for the weekend! <url>´t notice that you wrote Tournament not Torment=). @ Brian Holme No you are right but they sadly can´t call it Planescape anymore since they don´t own the IP to that game. But for me it´s only a name and big publishers don´t seem to understand that calling a game something that many have fond memories of (like Syndicate) doesn´t mean a thing if the game has nothing more than the name in common. But Planescape was just there to let us know that it is settled in D&D´s Planescape realm the name of the game is Torment. I own the game but have only played it for a few hours and since most of the focus of the game lies in reading dialogue I´ve spent most of that time in the Mortuary (where you start). If you wan´t to play P:T then you should know that this game is very much focused on the story and on reading (it´s almost like reading a book, a very good one though) and is not like Fallout where the game focus more on combat. @c704710 CRPGs pioneered saying fuck in video games. Your argument is invalid. Also, the fuck did you think you were backing? Hello Kitty Island Adventure 2? I personally hate overly optimistic feedback in all situations. Read some of the comments and spotted some needless bashing though. IMO the grapthics are perfectly in line with what I was expecting to see. Sure, many aspects of the game still need work but the game seems to be on a solid course. And as we are talking about pre-alpha I'm surprised there aren't missing textures here and there. Heck, having any kind of graphics at that point is a plus ;) kafkaz: Are you absolutely serious now? You seem to not be aware of what state the game is in at present, perhaps take the medicine your doctor prescribed you and chill. i always thought it was called planescape tournament , not torment shows how much i know then again i never played it Go back Torment naow! :) What happend to the four Episode Dev Video Blog btw.? Torment: Tides of Numenera is live! website: tormentRPG dotcom Oh I see what you did there you dastardly sneaksters! @c704710, You knew what type of game you were donating towards. Also, if you are that petty as to judge EVERY Kickstarter from one (I'm assuming you only back video games and nothing else), then campaigns are better off. @c704710 There's nothing wrong with F-bombs. This is just in-game realism. I like it. Do you serious think that these desert roughnecks will speak in Shakespearean tone to anyone? I doubt that. For those who still have virgin ears, I am sure they will implement some sort of filter. Keep up the good work guys. I am excited to see more updates and vids. I just saw the gameplay footage. F-bomb? Wonderful. I thought I was helping to fund a game in keeping with the best that classic games, not the worst of modern ones. I wasn't aware I was funding a game I don't care to play myself let alone recommend to my friends and family. How many customers are you eliminating with this choice? Oh ya, you don't give a ****, you got your money already. I'm seriously reconsidering investing in any kickstarter ever again. I never played Wasteland (though I did read about it when Fallout was released) so I can only judge the game from what was shown in the magazine and the videos on the net. The video last week was good and I´m looking forward to the next one. Noticed that Bards Tale still was offered a few days ago but not any more. Just my luck i guess. What´s odd is that I can´t recall making an account and using a password and looking through my mails I can´t find any one that Inexile have sent me about this account being made for me other then my mail adress being used with my account. But maybe I remember wrong but if so then I shouldn´t I´ve recieved a code for Steam? For what it's worth, Brandon, visually I like the UI just fine. What I liked about the streamlining idea was purely about just how many clicks it has to take to do something. Having to perform 5 clicks to perform an action when there could be a way to do it with 2 clicks seems impractical. Sure, I can recognize that there are gamers that would want that rigid requirement. But most importantly, the idea behind every suggestion I made is that they would be optional. So if you like one system, use that. If you like another, use that. The whole point is giving the UI a flexibility that the player can adapt to suit their own game play needs. Why would that ever be a bad thing? @kafkaz No one expected a AAA or AA from this project. $3mill is a game on budget. Many of us grew up playing the old Wasteland 1 game and we didn't expect much from the project (the old game IS hardcore,I don't know what you expected).But what has been done so far have really really surprised me & many others in a very positive way :).I for one am a happy backer .. Here is a Kickstarter with less then 3 days left and could use some help! I normally don't like to link to other projects, but think this one deserves it, and is definately sci-fi themed with clients for win/mac/linux/droid/winrt/toasters/etc... <url>´t stick with the ground. They should be walking, but they are floating instead. Not cool. Secondly, UI is not very pleasant to look at. Its kitschy, and nowhere near the artistic quality of Fallout 1&2. Whats worst, the way it works is very outdated, and makes you put in a big effort to accomplish the smallest things. In 2013, you really expect more. Those are the things that stand out most in the demo. Apart of that, in 3 mil. game I´d really expect ragdoll effect on dying characters, and certainly not vanishing after 3 seconds. The nature areas are bland and without details. I am aware this is pre-alpha build, but someone must keep you guys on the ground. There are plenty of overly positive messages from starved hardcore gamers, who would thumb up anything isometric. Don´t let that fool you. This is not the standard of F1&2. Yet. I can't wait for this game to be released, it's going to be great! Thanks, Henry W for the answer and to confirm myself: I've just logged into my account at the Ranger Center for the first time and could still redeem my copy of Bard's Tale :) The video is on YouTube: <url>"Dad, I want to play that!" I then explained all the history behind it, and now he wants to play it even more. Great work inXile! Looks great! Will the final game have a zoom feature on the main screen? awesome gameplay For fans of adventure games - Dreamfall Chapters kickstarter - <url>´s Tale. Thx for the update, can´t wait for the next one=) Post-Planescape: Fargo Reveals The Future Of Torment : <url>"Backer Skill" is the unique and quirky skill, I think. Toaster Repair? I take it that's the 'unique and quirky' skill from backer rewards. If there's not an option to repair a toaster at some point, I will be sad Stefano, The Kickstarter ended in April, and it probably took a few months to get rewards and fees sorted out. They have not even started production yet (or so the current updates imply). XD October 2013! It's it time for an updare on the status? it was supposed to be ready by october... . This is a true post-apocalyptic weapon: <url>#post2695046 Guys, check this out: <url>"wasteland abandonware" and download the PC version (play via dosbox emulator) or alternatively, you might be able download a ROM of the c64 version. I know that defeats some of the nostalgia value of playing via C64 hardware. @fellow backers Shameless plug but if you enjoyed the original Quest for Glory hybrid Adventure / RPG games, you might want to know that the original designers (Lori & Corey Cole) are back at it with a new KS project - Hero-U. It's said to be a "a turn-based PC RPG with adventure game puzzles and immersive story". So if that sounds like something you might be interested in check it out. <url>´s not possible. Because of EA. But we will get the original wastland with wastland 2. I´ed like to raise my pledge at some point. Would it be possible to upgrade kickstarter pledges via PayPal instead of only having the full price levels on your webpage? Just saw the latest update. Would it be possible to release the original wasteland on gog.com? Project Eternity will be an old school RPG strongly influenced by Baldur's Gate/ Planescape/Icewind Dale. Check it out if you haven't heard about it yet! :) <url>"gritty" than Fallout. The video and screenshots are super-exciting to like 95% of the people who backed the game. <url>"They mostly come out at night..mostly." I apreciate when someone wants to present well done finished work to their audience, and actual production won't start for afew months, What I sujest they can do is inform everyone on where they have gotten from point to point in the art, programing, writing, or design of the game. InExile has probably been quite because they are working on something big right now. I'm solely basing this on a tweet Brian Fargo sent out about a week ago. He stated that he wanted to release a screen shot of the game, but hasn't felt it was polished enough yet to show to the eager fans. Perhaps they are (hopefully) so in depth with the game right now, that updates are the last thing on their mind. I'm not saying I like the silence, just guessing out loud. In the meantime, I'm going to think up some mission ideas (Thanks for posting that Matthew Barker) I'm actually surprised how disconnected Inexile is with its community. While yes, there's one update, ok two. Unity and the Doc, there's little much else. The forums are dead, and no updates on the team, the game, even the artwork that was implied after the Scorpitron was released... I'm bummed, and bored. I guess I'll see you all next year. =/ Ever since the vision document was release it has slowed to a crawl here and the InExile official forum. On a side note the developers are asking for mission ideas, if anyone is intressted in contributing to the project further. I figure since this forum has slowed to a halt it wouldn't be a problem posting another kickstarter game link here. There's an interesting and now funded zombie RPG computer game called Dead State that Wasteland backers might be interested in supporting: <url>"True RPG" and such, it just shows me that they are gung ho about the project. Meaningless or not, I think it's showing zeal for the game, and to me, that zeal is very evident in the Vision Doc. As has been said many times by many people, I have faith in the team and everything they do. I'll continue to anxiously wait for every tidbit I can get my hands on, and appreciate every piece individually. Even if the game isn't all I want it to be, I'll walk away knowing I helped to build something from the ground up, and made some awesome friends along the way. That's my version of a "True Experience". @Charles, The "True RPG" term is, at least in my mind, meaningless. It's them telling us their game is good, when that should be up to us. There's no such thing as a "True Insert Genre Here", there are only good games. Maybe I have rose-colored glasses, but I would hope that the industry does not internally use buzzwords like this when referring to their own products. i have to hand it to you wasteland brothers, this comment section seems to be the only one still moving after all those weeks since funding :D FELLOW GAMERS, this will be the last kickstarter i will ask you to support TEX MURPHY: PROJECT FEDORA <url>"True RPG" aspect, isn't that what we all wanted when we backed this? Vision doc is good..and the pic.. Like the avatar Tobi :) This user's account has been deleted. Sad to see so many arguments, nitpicking comments and useless blabber about irrelevant things. Where is the childlike happiness about a game made with heart? @alcaray, Cheap shot, dude. I'm sorry if I expect a bit more. It's not like I'm asking to see the source code. I'm in love with this project. The "True RPG" buzz word got under my skin. So sue me? what alcaray said. we donated money, they technically don't owe us anything (apart maybe from the rewards). jesus guys, let them do their thing. relax and sit back. come back in half a year or 8 months, they are just beginning right now!!! There are also some people who hang around to piss on every announcement that these projects make. @Nick, Yes. I do not mean to give off the impression that I think they "owe us" anything. There are already no-goodnicks that think they deserve royalty checks from every Wasteland 2/DFA/Shadowrun sold. This user's account has been deleted. The vision doc is likely the only thing they are remotely confident in at this point. They just raised 3 million dollars to build their game, they aren't going to just start floating design documents out to the community all willy-nilly until they have a damn good idea about what they are doing. Besides, they owe us what’s in the little bar on the right, anything more is gravy. They will convey the level of "transparency" they are comfortable with. Let them go build the game. alcaray does have a point. Besides, it's not like we didn't know it was going to be like this... inXile was never one to comment much on their forums, or even here on kickstarter. @alcaray, Not really. All I'm asking for is a little transparency, and less "True RPG" BS. That is a sweet-looking piece of art. I'm glad to see some artists/designers who don't automatically put 'post-apocalyptic' and 'desert' together. Any change we can get that bigged up as a wallpaper? Just wait for the game and quit fussing over the process. If you convince the team to spend manhours to keep you informed, it will be similar to the kind of butt-kissing paperwork they are trying to avoid by avoiding the publisher. I see what you mean. Yeah just earlier today I checked kickstarter thinking "gee, I wonder what the hell inXile is doing with WL2". I trust fargo and everyone on the team, I know they're not used to this model, and I knew they were going to be vague about their game (because they barely comment on the forums and took a lot of time to post updates even when the campaign was still running), but I still get that feeling of "hey guys, thanks for the money! now we'll just sit behind these locked doors for a while... see you when the game is out!" I see what you mean. Yeah just earlier today I checked kickstarter thinking "gee, I wonder what the hell inXile is doing with WL2". I trust fargo and everyone on the team, I know they're not used to this model, and I knew they were going to be vague about their game (because they barely comment on the forums and took a lot of time to post updates even when the campaign was still running), but I still get that feeling of "hey guys, thanks for the money! now we'll just sit behind these locked doors for a while... see you when the game is out!" I just feel like Fargo and the Boys are relying too much on the Nostalgia/Evil Publishers angle instead of actually talking to their fanbase about the game they are making. DFA is doing a wonderful job of constantly pumping out dev updates, and I understand that the philosophy between the two studio projects are different, but I just have not seen that type of commitment from inXile besides "lol game on Kickstarter!". The Vision Doc sounds great, but for those of us that are not so easily sated, more would be nice. a 4 page vision doc is already a stretch... it's usually a one page doc, or an elevator pitch. If you wanted other design docs, as in the fallout bible, those are usually live documents, and they're only considered "done" after closed testing ends. I know that. That was my entire point. this is the vision doc, not the design docs I have to say, I'm a bit disappointed that you guys released a fluffy doc that doesn't actually tell us anything about the game. I was hoping for a much more meaty design doc. You have a chance here to actually show people the process, but instead you fall back on buzz words like "True RPG". Out of all the games I've pledged to. This is by far the one I'm most excited about. I pledged $250 (plus $15 for shipping) for the "Pledge $250 or more" reward, yet under the Kickstarter profile, my page says that my pledge selection is "Pledge $15 or more". Is this a mistake? Who can I contact to remedy this? This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. If anyone is interested, DoubleBear productions are making an oldschool iso rpg. Check them out! <url>" against belief" and we use it mainly to express "an unbelievable turn of events against what you expect". I hope I'm making myself more clear to what I exactly try to say. That's not what paradox means. These are historical moments. We're standing upon the birth of a great paradox ! EA has announced that they plan to support distribution in every game project is backed through KS. O.k. I want badly W2 so gives a.. I really,and I mean this, hope the game makes crazy sells so we can see a W3 ! But: EA and every "EA" out there, are the ones responsible for murdering this kind of gaming I loved and want to see again. Brian turned out to the fans here cause there was no other way this could happen ! So simple! Now what I see is, that the ones who cast the stone, do the distribution?!? I politely ask ,why? We have Steam ,GOG and others.Why also the ones that putted down all those games we loved in the past ? First they killed our gaming and now what they succeed, is to turn some of the fans against the developers. That leaves me with a bitter taste..Like the one I had when I realized the good old days where gone. I just don't want to loose what we've got here ! You people are a bunch of whiners. The point of this is to make an amazing game and if using EA and origin makes Brian Fargo more money, then good. The more successful he is, it just makes the publishers who turned him down in the first place look like bigger **** . @Martin Hay: Don't forget Bethesda. Skyrim is the most idiot proof "RPG" ever created. Does anyone remember when Origin were revered? Origin + Looking Glass = System Shock, and those days? It's a shame to see such a respected brand cheapened by turning into a market stall. EA's relentless dumbing-down of games, and retreading of FIFA aside, that one really irks me. :( @TechnoSpace, So your solution is "don't talk about how Origin is just a distributor because EA is a bad company"? Misinformation is misinformation, and no good comes out of it, even if it is for a bad company. Nobody - literally nobody - here has said "I think it's fine that EA and Origin operate how they do". People are simply mentioning that EA is not the publisher. Why is that horrible? It's a GOOD thing that EA is not the publisher, but you're treating it like that's a bad thing. Why? EA does not automatically rule the world if they do one positive thing. Technosphere, I am well aware of the history of EA as a PUBLISHER and I hate them as much as anyone. If you can't help but be condescending that's fine, but please just show a tiny bit of understanding or just keep it to yourself. @alcaray- I'm right there with you. All I want is an awesome game. That's what I pledged for, and that's what I expect. All other matters are of little consequence. I'm not an investor in inXile so I don't have a say in how they run their company. I do know that if I ran that company I would use every avenue possible to ensure the success of the game, and the success of the company. If the money starts rolling in, who knows what awesome project could be next? With enough capital, Brian and team could be The Company to turn to when a classic game needs reviving. In the end, just make WL2 as good as it possibly can be, and a lot of people will be very happy. Everyone does know that origin is just one of the distributes they will be using. Right? So stop having a heartattack. It's sad. EA is one of the publishers who in the 90's bought and dismantled many of the firms that are just now crawling back to the scene. Some will probably never come back (RIP bullfrog and their IP's). If you don't mind that's fine,but please be just show a tiny bit of understanding or just keep it to yourself. All this outrage over Origin as a distributor is hard to understand. Are more backers going to get upset and ask for refund if Wasteland 2 becomes available at Gamestop or Wal-Mart as well? Bizarre. Jeez. I just want a great W2. I've been waiting since playing W1 on my C64 in the 80s. Everything else is just bs and tedium. @Everyone - You know this guy @Matamoncake will just torrent it. He probably used his moms credit card and she got mad and he had to find a reason to get the money refunded so she wouldn't punish him and take his PC away. Now, the next question is: could Brian Fargo have made a much more detailed campaign and video? Yes. But the fact of the matter is that we are just *now* getting past the novelty of a Major Title Video Game Kickstarter. We're just *now* starting to expect more. I expect the Kickstarters going forward to be much more detailed than a simple "help us make our game without publishers". Without Publishers has essentially become a buzzphrase, and that is dangerous if not backed up with substantial information about what that exactly entails. Look at how many Backers think they should have a say in where InXile sells their product. Look at how many Backers think they are entitled to royalties from sold copies. I am really interested in seeing the vision document for WL2. I know it won't be the Game Design Doc, but hopefully it will calm some people down. @Matamoncake don't let the door hit you on the way out. @meganothing I didn't read any direct quotes about distribution either I probably was reading a little too much into the announcements and articles, but do you blame me I am a Wasteland backer after all. ;) @Bryy Personally I agree with all of your arguments, but I find the DFA project is more positive. I don't even think there will be a fallout as bad as Wasteland if DFA decides to distribute through Origin. I also doubt there are many people who openly brag about pulling their funding on DFA. I just got my money refund :). you guys enjoy the game. I think it exemplifies how out of touch and jaded we as consumers are with the entire game making process, if not the industry as a whole. Kickstarter has given devs like Brian Fargo an amazing, unique, too-good-to-be-true option for funding pet projects - and yet, when they do something that *we* don't like either due to a lack of knowledge of internal company politics or a sense that "we own these companies, they make stuff for US", it's The Most Horrible Thing In The World. I would absolutely love - LOVE - to work on a TV show without Network Notes (which range from "Understandable and Doable" to "it's 2012, and Jews are still scary?"). But we work with what we work with in order to satisfy OURSELVES and *hopefully* our target demographic. Good artists know how to balance their internal demands versus an audiences, and a bad artist does not (see: Mass Effect 3, a series of in-jokes with a plot thrown in as an afterthought). To make a wasteland sequel Inexile had to buy the rights from EA in 2003. This means EA already made a profit from Wasteland 2. Even worse, without EAs "help" wasteland2 would never have been possible ;-) @Barker: You make a good case, but I searched for the quote from Fargo about the offers and there was no mention of distribution! He mentioned publishers and an offer to do the marketing for them. All that is much closer to the design process than the distribution in an online store. EA is in the same category as Walmart. Do you claim Walmart is THE distributor of Wasteland2 if you can buy it there? <url>“piece of the pie”. Fargo turned them down indicating he was for the fans and no longer was willing to allow big publishers close to his game, in any aspect of its development or distribution. Choosing to sell Wasteland 2 on Origin; even though, very tempting, and profitable is viewed as hypocritical (you made your bed Fargo now you have to lay in it). Makes you wonder what is going on behind closed doors if this is the stuff that’s announced. the DRM I'm Not sure how that works but It seems to me the DRM is a product of the distribution site not the game, so I think the hard copies of the game (the disks in the big boxes will be DRM free ;however, the DL versions will not be). Please correct me if I’m wrong. Brian separates yourself from EA, and make the game the way you said you would make it in your announcements. EA acquired a bad reputation because of decisions that it made as a developer and publisher of its own games, right? That is, for decisions that it had the authority to make by virtue of owning the rights to the game or providing the development, marketing, and distribution money for the game, right? Neither of those two factors are relevant to Wasteland 2, as far as I know. Personally, I hope that inXile uses every distribution mechanism at its disposal to get Wasteland 2 in front of as many eyeballs as possible. I don't feel like my backing the game makes me a special snowflake who deserves, well, anything not listed for my pledge level, frankly. And I would absolutely love it if more people were introduced to this type of game. A lot of modern gamers won't like it, is my guess, but some will and that's fantastic. The people lifting their skirts over their heads at the merest mention of EA are really going out of their way to instigate drama. We've all had guildies and clanmates like that, haven't we, LOL? For the people complaining about the game distributed on Origin, I say keep an open mind. YES large companies like EA have effectively abandoned classic western rpgs... But if this sequel does as well as we (the 60k+ backers) believe it will, Then EA may be reminded that these games do sell. Possibly "green lighting" smaller classic projects of their own. We (Humanity) don't appreciate what we have until its gone. And few things remind us of those cast aside quite as well as them doing great without us. I hope everyone that wants his money back contact them.. here is the page if anyone feels incline to do so. <url>"exploit". The point is this: expecting them not to sell their product on as many platforms as possible is silly. Asking for your money back is your perogative, but I think it's a bit immature to do it just because they are using a distributor that you don't like. Sure, Origin is restrictive, but what does it harm you? Nothing. Don't download it. @Bryy: You honestly don't get why the word "exploit" has a negative connotation? Are you deliberately being dense to make a point I'm not getting? Do you by any chance work for Activision? Anyway, I inXile this message: Hello, I would like my money back. When I agreed to fund this project it was because of an image being conveyed in your videos, that this project would be used as a way cut out big publishers who are destroying classic gaming. Since being funded, you are now promoting EA and EA's Origin service, which is the exact opposite of the ideals you were expressing when you asked us for money. As long as you are promoting EA, I will not be a customer to you and wish no further dealings with you. How can I get a refund? Will you refund my money yourselves or do I have to issue a chargeback with my bank? Thank you. Nick Has anyone tried a chargeback at the bank yet? I'm not sure what the time limit is for that. Why do you consider 'product' a bad word? That's what they are making: a product. Why do you consider 'exploit' and 'distribution' a bad word? Because that's what needs to happen for this game to make any money at all. InXile is a business. Making video games is a business. There's nothing "noble" about making a smaller game versus a bigger game. There's nothing "evil" about making money. You think Kickstarter-based games will continue if they don't make any money? Video games are not a need. They are a want. A luxury. You seem to have the strange idea that passion cannot coexist with financial needs. Do you know why Valve can be Valve? It's because they can afford to. Simple: because they want to. In fact, since Wasteland 2 is a product in the first place and inXile should do what's in their best interest, why should they make a classical RPG? Only a bunch of fanatics care about them, and these can be safely ignored. A gamepad-oriented 3D rails shooter might turn more profit, why not to make one? That 'product' and 'exploit every angle of distribution' bullshit resulted in extinction of several genres, to the point where the developers had to ask the gamers for the direct support. And now the crowdfunded game of exactly that endangered genre will be used to make this piece of malware, by one of the most hated publishers, more valuable. @nate92, Morals are great and all, but at the end of the day, Wasteland 2 is a product. Brian Fargo and inXile are going to exploit any angle of distribution that they possibly can. And EA just made a great deal for Kickstarter-funded games. I'm sorry, but on this front, inXile could care *less* what you think they *should do*. And what do you care if Origin is given some legitimacy? You're afraid that EA might do something good? Why? Because it's "evil"? You don't like them, don't buy their games. It's easy to yell at what you think is an all-consuming problem. Not caring is hard. If you think InXile is not going to do something that is in their best interest just because it would make you feel bad, then you should probably stop buying anything altogether. Everyone here who hasnt checked out Nuka Break should do it now. because its awesome. <url>"creatively come on board" Fucking bullshit. This isn't about EA being a distributor, we just don't care a fuck for EA. Wasteland 2 could have stood apart on its own as a big "fuck you" to EA and other scumbag publishers like Activision. Now Fargo's inXile will become an EA **** and grant legitimacy to Origin. Sure, take our money and you can do whatever you want now. After all, it would be CRAZY and ABSURD to ask for the opinions of us peasants on this decision to associate with EA and Origin in any way shape or form. damnit... you were talking about Origin the Online Plattform... not Origin, the creators of Wing Commander, Privateer, Ultima....... ok... my cover blew up. OMG... how much i'd love to see ORIGIN and its brands back alive..... *drooling* . THE TWO GUYS FROM ANDROMEDA need you attention now. The creators of Space Quest are back in the game for a new epic Spaceventure <url>| Audience and all.... @ Ilias Steam sucks too, not quite as bad but still DRM, and crap software, and the service isn't really that hot either. I guess people like the sales but if only those same prices were available all the time... Oh wait there's retail :P Comedian by day, Razor sharp Witticist by night. Alas, it doesn't leave much time for the social life. Origin is E.A., responsible for bringing down and destroying a great part of gaming past and future ! Quite ironic, to make them distributors of a fan funded game.For what reason should any developer "support" them ,and help them ,build strong foundations against Steam?They where the reason people gather together here to bring back games they annihilated on the first place. I'm not a fan of any kind of DRM, but I prefer and support Steam instead of this abortion called Origin. Please make sure, that EA Origin is not a requirement for the Game. @ Charles Oh look at the Razor sharp wit, you must be a comedian! ORIGIN????? Please, people, come on. Steam = fine, GOG = fine, but Origin is the most hated download portal. I don't want to install ANYTHING from EA on my PC. If this is required for us backers I too would have not funded it :( I think I'm going to start a KS project called Torches for Origin. That way I can sell all of you angry villagers torches to storm EA's gates late at night. I'm thinking I'll make a tidy profit! BTW these torches will not be DRM free. So much for 'all power to the gamers and the developers'. Let's use the crowdfunded game to add value to a service whose whole concept is polar to what you were declaring in these promo videos of yours. If EA is so nice, why did you need us? Learn from it. If it is the idea you wish to support, like I do, sadly your first comment in any future kickstarter game is going to be: "Can you guarantee, that it will not be distributed via Origin within at least the first 6 months?" For some of us kickstarter is more than just a way to fund ideas and games, but for others it's nothing but that. Can't blame Brian Fargo, that he wishes to sell as many copys as possible. But for any future project I want to know for sure if EA is aboard and I can guarantee, I will not back any games with Origin, no matter how good they might look. Steam is fine, but EA is EA and hasn't been awarded worst company for no reason. EA draws a lot of despise and you better think twice before you make a faustian bargain. I despise the idea of my money to help eco-indie laundering EA's Origin plattform, because that's what this deal is all about for EA. They don't give a **** about wasteland or kickstarter at all. @ Bryy That is a terrible parallel, and Final Fantasy has jumped quite a few consoles in it's lifespan (starting of course with Nintendo). My favorite game of all time is Skies of Arcadia and my favorite console is dreamcast. I give zero shits that it got ported to gamecube and if the sequel came out on the PS2 I would not have cared at all. I loved Valkyria Chronicles and I dislike the fact that the sequels are on the PSP because I do not want to play handhelds but v0v, I don't question their decision. It wasn't worth it to do a ps3 sequel, it's understandable. If maybe I had problems with said console that may have been an analogy with the tiniest hint of merit, but really just because it's a distribution platform does not make it the same sort of platform as a console. The point is many people flocked to Kickstarter because it feels/felt like a harken back to the old days where publishers were just principal investors and not the lord and masters of a game development. People call Activision and EA "the devil" because they pretty much. Along with even ones that are following a "reasonable" path. They've taken full reign of the games industry due to their wallet size and "business tactics". Giving them more money to continue this is pretty much the opposite of the spirit that was partly responsible for starting this craze in the first place. But it's alright, maybe a little down the line if W2 is successful EA or someone of the same sort will purchase inXile. Make them make sequels while hamstringing their efforts and then in the end shut them down because of poor sales. I think it'd be poetic justice :P @Bryy you are entitled to think as you like and give your money to whoever you want. I support this game because I do want a future with game development free of publishers and stupids schemas of "always connected" for single players. EA is leading that way. I do not want to be a part of that. I do not like EA at all and I can do with my money as I please. I'm fine with this game being in Origin if i get my money back. Then you can keep thinking as you like and I can be my pledge happy that my money does not go to EA. I think that in your ( was that even an argument? ) post you missed a crucial part.. that we sound to YOU like ... your opinion is as valid as mine. @doa2 and Ikeer, You guys do know that you sound exactly like Final Fantasy fans mad that it will be playable on other consoles, right? Hope Origin is not "required" to redeem my game when it comes out, I don't want anything to do with EA, and if it is I want a refund. I think the comments speak for themselves, we need an explanation from the devs @ Bryy It is, putting this game on Origin, especially spearheading that sort of deal is something very important. If I knew that ahead of time I too would have not funded it. Something like this is a boon to Origin, a service forced one people who want to play the newer EA games. This is involvement, more so than any regular distribution deal. It's funding the future of the games industry, and nobody but the publishers like's where it's going. @Bryy beign a distributor is the definition of involvement. They might WANT to carry ALL games i hope it is not a mutual desire. They are pushing their Origin distribution software and of course the 90 days free distribution might become the hook so steam would not be the best option. Now I know what my first question if i support another game will be. @Shadow and when you ASSUME you make an ASS out of U and ME. I think my brain juss esploadde! I'm such an ass! EA's *not* involved. They are just the first actual distributor to say they will carry ALL Kickstarter-based games. I do not care if I do not have to download the game via Origin. What I do not like is this type of deals after funding has been awarded. I do not know if this would have made a difference in the amount that this game got via kickstarter but I do know I would not have give my money if I read that EA would have been involved in any shape or form. I think the way Double Fine manage this type of proposal ( via VOTE ). is the way to go. @Dao12, it also needs to be as straightforward as possible. Too many times in Hollywood and Video Game Land have people come back with answers so vague as so they don't "piss anyone off". @ Bryy yeah there should be an update here on Kickstarter to explain that. I still seriously oppose the decision to support them in any way shape or form, but people thinking that you HAVE to have Origin to play the game you backed is not true :| @Coleman There is no "if". There is no exclusive deal. Seems reading is a lost art or how can so many posts with exactly this information be overlooked? If the digital copy ends up being Origin-exclusive then I will demand my donation be refunded. I suspect that most of us will. I don't think Brian will allow this - he's got nearly 3 mil to play with here, with huge interest in this game. I think he can get about as good of a deal from the distros as anyone could. But if this all goes completely nightmare and it IS locked to Origin, then its not just inXile that's hosed - Kickstarter as a concept will be dead as well. Nobody will be willing to take a chance on further projects. Nobody should be scared of EA or Origin. This game will have OSX/Linux versions which can't be distributed over Origin. So inXile will use Steam or Desura anyway. Anyway if you don't like any distribution service you will always able to get it though HTTP link or probably torrent download. E.g Humble Bundle distribute games though this way. i have no problems with STEAM. Just Origin . . The Origin/Steam/etc versions are for retail, not necessarily backers. They have not stated explicitly how they will deliver the DRM free versions, though it will likely be similar to how GoG does it - you log into a site using your backer username/password and download the DRM free executable. If you do not like digital distribution outlets, you do not have to deal with them. On the retail side, it's about choice and options. They are giving everyone a choice. Heck, if you pledged $50 or more, you get a boxed copy sent to you. I've yet to see anyone post their complaints about them using digital distribution services like Origin and Steam for the retail product that had any valid logic or reasoning instead of knee-jerk whining. Do yourself a favor before you post.. think about what you are typing. The producer's job is to reach as many people as possible and it's the job of the consumers to dictate using their money what stays and what flops. If you don't like something, don't buy it. Very easy. Again, Backers should be getting DRM free downloadable copies of the game per the pledge description and the Steam/Origin support is for retail ie. people that did not pledge. I hope Fargo puts out another video explaining this to people. Because right now, it's just going to keep going, no matter how many posts there are saying "it's not exclusive". I do not want anything to do with EA or Origin this is why I BACKED projects like this.. WTF Brian? @ Houn/Stahl don't know if it can be said anymore but it's not exclusive to origin.... This user's account has been deleted. Orgin is drm And if you had Told us you use orgin i would Never be a backer of this game. This is a no go for me. So, do we still get a DRM free version of the Game, seeing how Origin is nothing else BUT DRM? @Bryy I think "guessing/assuming" is really how all this really started. It's not a matter of "getting one of the other ones first". We already can guess what platforms it will be on. EA just happened to be the first company to make a Kickstarter-exclusive deal. Really Brian really should have seen this coming and he should have gotten GoG or one of the other ones first would have avoided a lot of this mess. @ Bryy Really if I was running EA (god if only) I would see kickstarter as a threat to my sales. Look at how many pledges are made and money earned in 30 days. Thing is for every person who comes here that is one less person who has to go to them or any of the other game companies. Now don't get me wrong I can care less that it's on Origin because like me many people well get it from the many other sites. Although it's true they'd lose money doing a Kickstarter, but when I say they care is that they probably care devs see it as a source instead of going them, future wise atm it's still small fish. @ Bryy They probably do care. First EA doesn't make millions a day. And second while they do have a lot more gross they have A LOT more expenses, while going kick starter costs A LOT less. They report losses more than they do gains :|. To sum it all up: they would actually LOSE money if they did a Kickstarter. EA could honestly care less about Kickstarter at this point, because no games have been sold. You think EA cares about a Kickstarter making $3M? If they put up a Kickstarter, it would be an incredible waste of time, because they make millions in the double digits every single day. It would be counter-productive for a big (public, I might add) company to put resources towards something as financially trivial and unstable as a Kickstarter project. None of the big companies would ever, ever PUBLISH a Kickstarter game. @ Rereading your post it seems that you think the distributors are more desperate for games to be put on their service than Publishers are for their games to get distributed. They're not, and they won't change their rules for every game or even a couple unless they're huge gamer changers for their service (a maybe for Origin, Valve could care less at this point hence the EA-Steam incident). @ Zolish - No, they don't. Every game released under Steam HAS to follow Steam's rules, the same with Origin and any other digital distribution service. I have no idea where you got this assumption from but please provide a case. Cause just FYI every single game on Steam is DRM wether the pubby likes it or not (however the superoldschool ones that don't utilize registry keys are a joke since you can just copy/paste folders). And no, you really can't. The fact that it showed up on a root kit checker on removed systems (although the claim that it's not a root kit could be true) after it's been so called "removed" shows just that. Unless you mean formatting and writing zeros over it then yeah sure. I know what the difference between a publisher and a distributor is, and the publisher has to follow the distributors rules. And the rationalization bit is that I have absolutely no idea why you would purposely get the Origin version then go through your "uninstall remove drm hurr" plan when you can just get the DRM-Free version without going to Origin in the first place? I actually doubt that backers will be able to reclaim their reward from Origin in the first place. @dao2: the publisher set the rules under the product will be distributed; if the publisher says "it must be DRM-free", the distributor must comply, or it won't get the merchandise to distribute. The EA-Valve dispute you are referring to is before or in early origin days, so it's not representative to the current situation. Securom: with enough knowledge, you can completely eliminate it from your system. Rationalization: learn what's the difference between the "publisher" and "distributor", then you will understand what I meant. @ Zolishoru Uh... I have no idea where you got that from. Origin is EA's distribution platform so while on Origin it has to comply with Origin's and EA's rules. Just like EA had to pull games from Steam because Valve set rules that EA did not want to comply with. On Origin it will not be DRM free. Also I'd be very weary of being willing of installing any form of drm with the plan to just uninstall it. It's like just "uninstalling" securom. Either way that's like the worst rationalization ever... My first impression about the origin news was: WTF? Then I realized, that can be PAYBACK !!! Since origin is only distributor, they MUST comply to the PUBLISHER, which is inXile; as result, I happily pledge more funds to see Wasteland 2 on origin and other online DISTRIBUTION services DRM-FREE :D . Details: once the game installed, you will be able to play the game even after the distribution service is uninstalled. @ dao2 - I know, thought I'd post it for shits and giggles. @ Dennis You are completely overestimating people..... Come on people...LoL! Think about it. Who in their right mind would buy this or any other game that was not exclusive to Origin, through Origin? Brian already stated all digital platforms will be supported so no exclusivity to Origin. EA comes off as a desperate pathetic wimpy kid begging to be picked for a game of football. They're so afraid of kickstarter and it shows. @Christopher McClatchey - So funny but true. I will pay extra to NOT have a copy of Wasteland 2 on Origin. That is all. @ Alcaray Nobody would care, that's a retail store that just sells a retail package, it follows the rules of the retail packaging not make up their own. Waiting for the pissing and moaning to begin when they announced you will be able to get W2 at Wallmart. You all are completely nuts. I really don't feel confortable with EA aboard either. I joined Kickstarter and started backing, when I read about Double Fine Adventure. And the main reason was, because I believed in the idea of fan funded games with no publisher involvement. And on a side note, of corse I hoped this would teach publishers with their DRM, crap&spyware and endless continuations a lesson. And EA's origin has its special place among them. To be honest, I don't know Wasteland 1, heck I don't even know what genre it is ^.^. I simply backed games for the very idea and hoping to help build a new plattform for game publishing, so gaming becomes less dependant on the big studios, which get more and more evil the bigger they get. So with that in mind please tell me: What's wrong with me, if I feel cheated now? This user's account has been deleted. @TechnoSphere, EA is not the publisher, and it is not the sole distributor. Stop being so alarmist. I couldnt believe my eyes when I read about Origin and Brians comments, this is EXACTLY the thing that drove me to kickstarter in the first place, because im so incredibly tired of the current Gamesindustry business model with DRM, DLC, Always connected servers and so on. Constantly being shortchanged and forced into jumping all kinds of hoops and bending over just to get what I paid for to work. I feel betrayed Brian, this wasnt or shouldnt have been the idea behind the Wasteland 2 campaign, I didnt back W2 so that EA could get involved, I backed it so they wouldnt ! Valve's steam is DRM, true, but atleast valve itself is a pleasant company in itself, EA, Acti and Ubi represents the absolute scum that is the games industry as it is today and "backing" them is not my intent and judging by comments here same goes for a lot of people, please reconsider this one, Brian. This user's account has been deleted. Funny thing is after 90 days on origin they will buttrape them again and down goes the studio. Some never learn. There's only about 10 mins left for Jane I think. I just backed her with $51. I can't wait to play her games and read the Gabriel Knight novels. Hi guys, please help Jane Jensen Moebius adventure! We have 44 minutes left and we just need 17K to reach our final goal!! Please, we are so close! Thank you!!! <url>"major economic bonus" for the studio, but it ain't a great deal for us, gamers and consumers. So, please, release your game on Steam also, if you're able to. this thing with origin is awesome. why all the hate? it's not an exclusive deal! you don't HAVE to use origin! so where's the problem? put it on steam as well. put it on all the services, that's great!! the more the merrier! Ugh. People People people. I know some of you think that Origin/Steam/*insert current president here* is teh debil but really? When someone offers to sell your game for FREE on their game distribution service you take it! You take anything you can get to increase your market exposure. I fully expect inXile to be able to read any fine print that may be involved. In fact I require them to as I certainly am not smart enough to want to. I cook for a living, the money I gave these people goes to what they think is best. Not what people who aren't involved in the industry think. But just like any other business decision made by this company, I'm sure they will explain it all very very soon. Not only that, we may have funded the game, but inXile gets to decide what they are going to do with that money now. And you know what ? I'm fine with that. Mr. Fargo has wanted to do this game for over a decade. I'm pretty sure we can trust him to do it right. Do what you will sir. I trust you to make the right decisions. [/rant] Thank you to Brian Schmitt. Good to know! I fully expect Valve to announce a Kickstarter Bundle for Winter Sale 2013. @dao2 @alcaray Excellent. I scanned for clarification, obviously not closely enough. Thanks. @Val, Wait, are you now saying that you expected to make royalties off of Wasteland 2 sales? @ Keith It was clarified, Origin is NOT going to be required. @Keith Jones - For your clarification please go to the 7th post before yours, to Brian Schmitt's post. Or to make it simpler: - "Sean Isley @BrianFargo Is it true that Wasteland 2 will be an origin exclusive? Brian Fargo ‏ @seanisley It is absolutely NOT going to be exclusive on Origin. They are just one of many digital stores we will support." @Bryy You have it very wrong. I don't hate EA. I used to like EA quite a bit, they put out some of the better games in the 16 bit era and did some fine behind them. But being an Origin exclusive or not, putting anything on Origin is essentially throwing in your support for a service that ruined stuff like this in the first place. It is essentially like "selling out" which is why so many people hate it. Don't think it's an EA hate fest too. Steam sucks all the same. Irregardless of it being DRM the interface is crap, it's resource intensive for what is (and unforunately feels like) a browser. The friends service is terribly mishandled, and some valve games (like l4d) absolutely depend on it. It's pretty much the itunes of gaming except they still have DRM. There is absolutely NO REASON why they can't have the same level of service without the DRM (even if you were a fan of their crap software). Steam was pretty much hated when it came out, unfortunately people have come to live with it. Theyre's always **** and crying in the beginning but eventually everyone just accepts it as a fact of like and it's sad. And it's probably going to happen again with Origin, and it's a damn shame. Going back to the original point, maybe it's not the express idea but people are funding stuff like this on kickstarter BECAUSE it's not publishers like EA and services like Origin. It's basically taking the money invested and then throwing it behind something gamers by and whole hate (or at least detest). When you throw your lot in something like that you are basically bidding on the future of gaming, and do you really want your money supporting Origin? I sure as hell don't. As long as I can download a digital copy of the game Origin / DRM free, I could care less about the Origin announcement. On the other hand, if I have to load Origin.exe to play the game, I'm going to file a complaint with Kickstarter. The sooner this is clarified, the better for everyone who donated. <url>"where was EA?", well, they clearly didn't want to foot the bill, but they will surely distribute it. Origin distributes tons of non-EA published titles. There's nothing nefarious about that. Fargo seems perfectly content with EA from his quote, actually. So I don't see the problem. @Bryy, right, right. But tell me this, where was EA with Origin when Wasteland needed funding ? Where was EA and Origin when Brian Fargo was considering putting up his own 100k just to get this game done ? I hate EA, I really do. And yes, Brian should at least make a poll on the website "What you guys think, should we give money you donated to Origin and EA ? Tell us what you think!" Anytime the reaction focuses on one thing rather than the full context, it's never fandom. If it was fandom, we'd be seeing much more reasonable posts, people would actually be reading the articles, and not jumping to conclusions based entirely on "what they DIDN'T say". No, this is purely people wanting to hate on EA for merely existing (and before anyone jumps on me for that: no, I don't like EA, either, but I'm not going to let my initial emotions lead me to write the F word like my mom was just shot). People are going to get the game that they paid for. Origin is just one of the many distributors they are using, and like it or not, the Origin deal IS the best one on the table at this point. What? Fargo should not use Origin because.... of morals over.... how to sell his product? It's just a distribution service. Each time one of these reactions come about, check Brian's Twitter. It should help keep everyone a bit more sane... <url>#!/brianfargo Sean Isley @BrianFargo Is it true that Wasteland 2 will be an origin exclusive? Brian Fargo ‏ @seanisley It is absolutely NOT going to be exclusive on Origin. They are just one of many digital stores we will support. @Bryy AMEN, Brother! @alcaray, Clearly you do not know many fanbases. And this is not Wasteland Fandom. This is EA Hatedom. Please just make sure I can play without logging into Origin. Pretty please! Wasteland has the most freakout-prone fanbase, ever! NO ORIGIN!! I pledged for a DRM free version of Wasteland 2. Fuck Origin! Fuck EA! I gave you money to have it DRM free. Jesus Brian... better not have it Origin exclusive. Why not go through GoG.com? they are good guys and never insist on DRM. I don't mind you guys using Origin to distribute the game to non-backers, but you better not expect me to reinstall that shit. I just got fed up with BF3 and Origin will never be on my computer again. @Frystacky and Alcaray, I would ask them, I didn't ask for a physical reward. Teaming up to enhance origin.... wow.... @Michal Frystacky (and Bryy?) Didn't they say that there would be an editable database where you could update your address whenever you wanted to? (Or am I getting my projects confused? If so, maybe it's because someone jaded me.) I just filled out a form that asked for my address to ship my "gifts". The ETA for this is October 2013, I know I won't live at that address at that time, but I have no alternative address. What can we do about this? Kickstarter is a donation site. Not a pre-order site. You can't just get a refund like it's a Gamestop and you've beaten the game before the seven days are up. You didn't purchase anything, because nothing exists yet. Also, nowhere does it say that this is going to be Origin exclusive. The only thing that is saying that is an overactive imagination that, for some reason, NEEDS Electronic Arts to be the bad guy. Yes, EA is a poorly run company, but they don't HAVE to be evil just because you want them to be. That only jades you as a person and as a gamer. I also came here to express my dislike for Origin and EA in general. I have not played an EA game in years because of their ridiculous DRM. I have never, nor will I ever, install Origin after the dozens of articles I've read about it. I think its great that EA wants to appear to support independent games and can understand why developers would take advantage of it, but the amount of negative publicity that comes with EA probably isn't worth it. I contributed and was happy to do so, but if Origin is the only option for getting this game, I need my money refunded. Steam is OK, but please, inXile, don't lock us into Origin. Origin exclusivity with this title also means I won't buy or contribute to any future inXile efforts, even ones as face-meltingly awesome as Wasteland 2. Sorry, guys--we'll do right by you if you'll do right by us, and requiring Origin is *NOT* doing right by us. @27raven: I skipped ME3 for the same reason. I don't like Origin, or EA in general. They have a long history of ruining great game companies(Origin Systems for instance). I'm sure Origin will be just one of the options and why don't do it if it can boost sales a bit and it's for free. That said, I wouldn't touch Origin with a ten-foot pole. I even completely skipped ME3 just because of that. This user's account has been deleted. All the article regarding Origin and Wasteland 2 says is that inXile has taken up the offer to distribute the game via Origin, I haven't seen anything that says that will be the only means of distribution. My only concern is if EA pulls a jerk move and says Wasteland can't be published unless it's Origin exclusive (EA published the original Wasteland and IIRC they had to give permission for inXile to do this). But I really doubt that would be the case, or else there wouldn't have been the stuff in the FAQ about Steam distribution, etc. In the worst case scenario--well, I lost money to something I won't install (because I don't want Origin on my machine) but won't support any of inXile's products in the future. And given that probably a lot of indie games and small developer fans feel the same way--the core of gamers that helped back this thing--that is probably exactly why the worst case scenario is extremely unlikely. I hate Steam. I hate Origin. Stupid huge bloaty clients that need to spend 20 minutes updating every time you use them. As long as it is just for distribution of software, I will suffer through their services, grumblingly. But if they require that they stay launched while I play my game then I will not buy that game from them. I don't think that's an issue here, though. When I pleged I was promised a DRM free game, so that better be what I get. I am not going to allow that piece of spyware trash on my system. Not for anything. Not ever. Guys, not every game on Origin is exclusive. Just EA Proper games. If that were the case, we wouldn't see Amalur on Steam, The Witcher 2 on GOG, etc. - and now that EA is allowing Kickstarter-funded games to be on Origin fee free for 90 days.... why *wouldn't* they put their game on Origin? Apparently I can't edit my comment! Someone pointed me to a helpful entry in the FAQ - Can I get my digital copy on Steam, if I want? Absolutely. The digital copies will be made available through Steam and other DRM free digital distribution methods. - so unless inXile say they're going back on that, or something else, the article that prompted all this (including my reaction) should probably be read as "it will _also_ be available on Origin". Well, the front page said Steam, and that's one of the reasons I pledged. At any rate, let's not jump to conclusions until we hear otherwise. Hopefully it'll be playable on both services. Hi Brian, Please don't do origin. I'll have to ask for my money back if Origin is the only source of the game. -A Wasteland 1 fan PLEASE make your game available on steam and NOT ONLY ON ORGIN! Orgin blows, end of story, EA is the devil of the gamin world. GIVE US A CHOICE! I guess the team will do what they think best for the project. I too normally have nothing to do with purchaser-punishing or data-harvesting DRM, whether it's from EA, Ubisoft, GFWL, Steam or anyone else. I specifically don't buy any EA or Ubisoft games. My only consolation is that I'll be getting a DRM-free copy of Wasteland 2. NO ORIGIN I don't envy you guys when people find out WL2 will be available on Origin. :P EA is a cancer on the industry, stay the eff away PLEASE! Don't go to Origin!! inXile, I love you guys, please be sure to read the fine print about this whole Origin offer. Make double sure they're not snagging you into any exclusivity shit with fine print and we're all cool. More options is fine, don't let shady contracts rope you into shutting out other options. And the boxed copy of the game better not come with Origin (nor Steam for that matter). @John Simms: Agreed. If this becomes some sort of Origin only thing, I will be severely disappointing. I refuse to use Origin completely. OK, just saw your quote on shacknews. I loves ya, but I hope you're not dropping steam in favor of origin. Because some of us avoid origin like the plague... <url>"well, I'm not playing on my 486 anymore or my pentium 1" And that's part of the problem. People think that in order to be good, it HAS to be 3D. That's like saying a feature length cartoon has to be 3D to be good... There are new realms in 2D as well... They could make a great 2D game!! They could also make a great 3D game, which I hope they will. But I was looking forward to 2D.. Well, I've got some other kickstarters I've pledged to that will be 2D, so there should be good fun all around.. I'm thankful they're doing 3d. 3d opens up ***many*** doors. 2d - well, I'm not playing on my 486 anymore or my pentium 1. I have a gaming computer - and I am ***incredibly*** thankful they took this route. I'm also a 3d artist- 3d opens up whole new realms for modding, and character modeling. 3ds not a deal breaker though I'd have preferred 2d but really dont like the sound of top down instead of isometric. You'd have thought they'd listen to the community on at least the broad strokes. JANE JENSENS Kickstarter (creator of GABRIEL KNIGHT) is in its last hours.... 400K is the stretch goal we need to reach, so take a look at it now if you haven't already <url>"Funny name" Last name. that way i get to use both :-) This user's account has been deleted. Re Project Update 16 - to John Alvarado and his team: this update really says a lot about you and your team, about your priorities in regard to the project and your priorities as people. I deeply respect you guys. Nicely said. So, I plan to move before before october 13th. Be sure to keep that in mind. =P What, no t-shirt? Wait... wrong project. who else was just prompted to give over their info? and what funny name did you put in the special thanks section? "No 2D isometric?" Are you joking? No turn-based would be a deal breaker. A modern graphics engine is not. No 2D isometric? That sucks, kinda defeats the reason I pledged. This user's account has been deleted. I'm a user of Unity Pro and I have to say that I totally agree with the last update. This engine is easy to use and easily scalable (maybe the free version of Unity could be used as a mod editor). And yeah, the Unity to Linux was something that everyone was seeing coming, this only confirms it. Good luck. @scout thank you. That definitely clarifies it for me. @nick Macho Yintit is proud already! @Charles M III 2d would provide more intricate details to characters, backgrounds, 3d makes it easier to provide more content and would make it easier for us(non industry prof) to add content later albeit, with slightly less detail. This user's account has been deleted. @desiv. Purely for curiousity sake, what about 3D do you not like? Is it just because it won't have the same feel of a cRPG or another reason? I am ignorant of technologies used in games, so I didn't know if this was from a development or gameplay standpoint. Just got the update.. Won't deny I'm disappointed with the 3D. Was hoping for a great 2D game. But I'm still hoping the end result will be good... Hey everyone, please remember to lend your support to Jane Jensen's Moebius kickstarter. We're nearing our $400k stretch goal and it would be fantastic if you guys can help out. Thanks. Probably only for demo purposes, so it's will be tech demo only, but not any ingame screenshot. @Shane Are there enough art assets already to be taking screenshots? O.o I figure the 61,290 of us must share a similar interest, head over to <url>" We have been supplied the source code to Unity for the express purpose of making the Linux version" @Roman, I understand problem about Linux users but it will be need thinking about backers got low performance PC too. I don't know about Unity scalability, but if this a project from gamer to gamers, from old-school dev to backers, then a 2D isometric old-style would make happy all Matthia, the problem is making it 2D only is way more expensive than 3D isometric. This is not going to be Crysis or what is today's benchmark shooter. . The problem with the engine is that Moai is going to provide Linux support this year: <url>"@BrianFargo: Although we are using Unity this is not an in browser game but an executable file." <url>"Urgent: Survey Response Needed!" with a link to fill it out if they had. I don't see anything in my emails about them sending the survey, but maybe I missed it? i forget, did they ask for our delivery address? @Konstantin Zhukov Sorry, military uniform elements you can receive from Mr. Andree Wallin. I finish epic fan-art odyssey. Maybe in the future i'm return to Wasteland 2 theme. But now... quest is over. If You want change this situation and bring art creation back... maybe it's topic for You. ) <url>"discover" blows, and I've emailed them about it the first couple of days I joined. Of course, got the usual response of "Thanks for the input, but we're not gonna do crap about it" (I'm paraphrasing.) I went to the Wasteland 2 forum and it is nicely put together. but without game design documents vission statements art direction in the updates (understandable why they don't have them yet) it is anarchy and specdulation in the forums right now. I think I'll wait till InXile releases a more solid plan for Wasteland before I sign up. @Mikael Olofsson Thx for posts =) I will not post link here now but there was interesting project about simulation of a plague here and i found information about that project by chance browsing other backers history like you said. "Most popular" can give information about..well.. most popular but not most interesting projects. Projects Ranking system for backers/nonbackers can help navigate here i think. Or maybe critics system. Guys who will analyze projects/team/goals e t.c. here on kickstarter and tell us what to expect. All is IMHO. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. @Mikael Olofsson But how other people will know about new projects? Navigation on kickstarter is not very easy. I found Bionite here in Wasteland 2 comments thread! =)) This user's account has been deleted. Not all projects on kickstarter get required funding like this one! Battlezone 1998 spirutal succesor <url>#!/BrianFargo I'll start working on a blog later to give everyone an update as to status. Lots of great design progress being made on Wasteland 2. April 26th 9:28 am @those in need of an update. <url>#!/BrianFargo Nothing beats spending the last few days just working on design and story moments for Wasteland 2. What a pleasure. April 27th 11:25 am Retweeted by Greg Jackson <url>#!/chrisavellone <url>#!/apavlish <url>#!/MikeStackpole <url>#!/andreewallin <url>#!/Trollgodfather <-- ken st andre. @rick nice art. @Charles: I agree the guy was whining but he had some really good points well worth discussing. His comparisons between professional pitches and the low quality pitches here on Kickstarter was a great one for instance. Another one was that the success of a game may not come from key people but rather key constellations of people. A third one was that publishers sometimes do good by keeping developers in alignment with the market and the players when they have crazy ideas. I found all these points really interesting and even though I don't really care about loosing the money I pledged for WL2 I do think it's healthy for BF and the devs to be poked a bit about becoming more concrete about plans and milestones. If they're brilliant and organized they probably will love to share what's going on and BF seems to be a guy who promotes transparency. Anyways, if I don't get it it's fine too. I just think it's worthwhile to ask for it in any case. @Charles: You said "I feel he didn't, therefore his points are not valid with me.". This is something Colbert would say. I said it wasn't intelligent because you "felt" something rather than reason logically about it. Then you go on to say that my comment was "negative" as if that constitutes an argument. It doesn't. Why can't you argue rationally about whether I'm wrong or not instead of writing about how you feel? What am I supposed to do about your feelings? I don't care if you're nice or not to me or anyone else, I just want to hear some good arguments about the point at hand. Otherwise I'm not learning anything am I? @Rick <url>#wasteland2 know it - <url>"doing research" with your cold hard cash! It's been a a couple weeks -- how about an update? @pedasn No-no-no... aspetta un attimo... i'm paint with my Wacom pen tablet. I have no idea how people may made very detailed paint use only a mouse. ) If you like my pictures... little Update: Walker - <url>"Hey Ya" - <url>"black market" from an early age. If my ma & pa know about it - they probably punish me... i think so... but is not happen). VHS cassete have a name "Space Adventure Cobra" 1982. Of course i buy it. One more time after that learned how important music. When the Fallout was released with Mark Morgan music. Then I knew nothing about the Fallout. Official movie trailer: <url>"Space Adventure Cobra" i first heard the unique music tracks by YELLO - "Night Train" & "Do it". Perfect animation film, beautiful music... it's blow my head. In USSR people knew little about the countries abroad, little know about the work of artists, musicians and writers. It was a strange time. All these pieces of other people's worlds can be bought only on the black markets. It was real treasure and big problem for owners of it's culture treasures. I remember a time when people got in prison for having sold these pieces of another life. "Night Train" & "Do it" by YELLO on my new Facebook Cover's: <url>" <url>" New fire art for Wasteland 2 <url>"Not intelligent". Now I shall go finger paint and wonder with my feeble brain how your comment might not be construed as negative as well. Bring on some shiny stuff, dummy wants to play!!! :-) @Eric Ericsson You make a valid point, and the article makes a valid point but when a blog post insults, attempts to belittle the readers, and has more ego in it than actual fact it is hard to take any points seriously. People either stop reading before they get to the points being made, or they are hung up on the ego filled comments. To make it worse there were no references, the grammar was terrible, and it was long winded. Not only he is a instructor, pro game designer, financial genius, he also has the experience to comment on the capabilities of industry veterans. With all of that being said why would I think he is taking a resonable stance on the subject? Speak your mind friends, they are listening...in fact they encourage it. Brian Fargo‏@BrianFargoReply Retweet We are reading the ideas on the forums and incorporating some into the design as we go now. No individual can beat a group for ideas. Retweeted by Greg Jackson erm... scout Speak your mind or you will never have a voice :) Tone matters a lot. If you disagree with how a project is going to be run vote with your dollar and do not fund it. I've done the same with a project I think I would like but it's focusing too much effort on the PS Vita. Having a valid argument but being angry about it (especially before you get any feedback from the developer saying they will or wont' do something) does NOT help your case. I would hate to see game developers running away from Kickstarter because we start to put do-or-die demands on them that are not included in their original project proposal This could be transparency, Linux/Mac support or @Eric Ericsson Thank you for clarifying that for me. To be honest, I don't even remember what I originally thought he was trying to say, or what I was trying to say anymore. (That's what I get for running on 2 hours of sleep.) Though, my initial negative reaction to him was likely emotional in nature as the language and tone of the article rubbed me the wrong way. But yes, his main point (as you've summed up) is not something I would argue against, with a couple of reservations which I'm too lazy to go into right now. @Charles lol. I love that ice cream analogy. @Charles: Regarding your comment "I feel he didn't, therefore his points are not valid with me.". This is not intelligent. If a single valid point is surrounded by a plethora of invalid ones, it's still a valid point. Yes, he was bitter and there was a lot of herping and derping but credit should be given where credit is due. To dismiss people's valid arguments just because their tone is negative is unintelligent and anti-intellectual. I'd rather pick the good parts of an article and debate those. It's more constructive. I know loads of people who have a whining attitude to life but every once in a while they do come with a valid complaint. It's worth hearing them out in those cases. @Scout I was so impressed by the complete and open transparency of your budget/vision breakdown document of how you spent your two cents that if you ever decide to start a KickStarter to further fund your efforts to give more of your two cents, I will be your first supporter... Er, provided you'll be offering one of them t-shirts everyone on every KS board seems to want so badly. :p @Charles I have that opinion. Somebody give Mr. Odious Repeater, (perfect nom de plume for him, btw, talk about your self-awareness), an ice cream cone. :P Couldn't agree more.Actually there is a remake of such a game in Kickstarter right now. Rob Swigart's Portal 1986,Reborn. Perhaps someone would like to give it a look. Let's just put this out there, so that we're all on the same page: "Abandoning" a game does not mean the game is "fair game". Simply not exercising the right to sell a game does not equate to giving up those rights. The only thing that can make it legal to share is if the owner releases it either free of charge, or to the public domain. That being said, sometimes a game does end up being truly abandoned; maybe the owner doesn't care or remember that they even own it, or what have you. In such cases, it's not that it's LEGAL to share the game, it's that there are no repercussions. Not that I'm saying it's WRONG to share these games; what's right and what's legal are two different things. These games are a part of our culture, and deserve to be preserved. It's just a shame that copyright has gotten so blown out of proportion that by the time these games enter public domain, they'll have been long forgotten. Although I can agree with the fact that much of this is built on faith in the Project and its creators, and that we must ask for transparency and information, I took away something different from that article. IMO, Mr. Odious is a man who has had too many ice cream cones knocked out of his hand by those he trusts. He seems to take no pleasure in anything, least of all that which is mostly for entertainment...games! Had he tried to convey his points in a less bitter and "mad at the world" way, I would take him seriously. I feel he didn't, therefore his points are not valid with me. Once again this is my interpretation, and not a single person needs to have the same opinion. @Mathew, his article was way too long but the main point that we as consumers should be sceptical and show interest in the details of the process of creating a game and thus demand transparency and detailed project plans. This attitude is in no way counteractive to taking risk and putting up money in face of great uncertainty. I believe in Brian Fargo too but I my mind just doesn't accept blind faith in anything. Yes we can! (Great! Now tell how and when?) @silvercross: His main point is that no matter what we as donors should ask to get concrete information on how they are going to accomplish the project. There was no counter argument to this. In fact, most people agreed. Just because there is risk involved doesn't mean you shouldn't ask for transparency and information about the project. In fact, if you don't and the project fails then some of the blame falls on you for keeping yourself in the dark. @Ziv , I think they said that there is going to be a backers only store page with exclusive staff only for us Because Kickstarter profits from the projects it hosts I doubt that it is getting burnt from Kick-it Forward it puts more money from funded projects into KS and ensures more projects become succeful a win win for KS. As far as what's officially going on with KIF and KS I don't know. :) any chance there will be option to upgrade my copy to the $30 tier? I've heard there will be Store option in inXile store for bakers in the upcoming months Um. Did Kickstarter seriously get butthurt over the whole Kick it Forward? Anyone know what's going on here? I read the article rather *briefly*, along with the comments. While I admit he has his points--somewhere in his tirade of condescension--I kind of think he's missing the point. As with anything in life, there's an inherent risk. If any of the kickstarters I've supported fails, I'd be deeply disappointed and be out a couple of dollars (or hundreds xD), but at the end of the day, would I do it again? Yes. Either way, I'm quite certain that Brian Fargo has quite a bit more to lose if this does fail, because he is the face of this whole project. Good or bad, the blame and praise will certainly be on him. (Though of course, Chris Avellone can do no wrong. Hahaha.) Personally, I found it quite suspicious that the only comments he didn't attack were the ones agreeing with him. Everyone brought out legitimate counterarguments, yet he dismisses nearly all of them as having bought into the "dream." I read that article and only got through half of it. The first thing I have an issue with is I don't think Odious Repeater teaches anything. He does pull a lot of stuff from text books though, so I suspect he is a games design student or someone who takes an active interest in video game design, designer? not a very good one. (I have the games development cycle in one of my books). Another thing; He is a terrible writer with no objective marketable language which means he probably has never done a very good vision document, basic game proposal, or a games design document. I would take what he says with a grain of salt. He talks like an expert but demonstrates a knowledge base equal to the group he so hypocritically bashes. He's just an internet Troll trying to get a rise out of everyone. I know what I’m talking about because I’m an astronaut. New Wasteland 2 art. "Night at the Lion-7". <url>"nyeh nyeh nyeeeeh", Classy. Yeah that article sounds like typical IT staffer end-user bashing. There is a point that some gamers may not understand the business of making games and that some projects may crash themselves; however that is true of many things. After all, I bought 3 Mass Effect games and never got an ending. I would rather fund a failing developers project that some rushed crap from a publisher. Not saying I don't want information on the progress, but you can screwed by anyone that sells a product or service. Oh I should note that I was too lazy to read the entire thing, so maybe he refined those points later on and I missed them :). That article makes a lot of valid points, but I think he does need to give gamers a little bit more credit. Yes in general saying we know nothing about how games are made is largely correct, but when he makes statements like most of us thinking devs play games all day, it's going too far :). I mean really, that's the kind of dream job fantasy thing that you're not likely to really believe after the age of maybe 15 or so :). Also, on the point about a single person being responsible for game success, the Miyamoto/Nintendo example, well that happens in every industry. Look at the business world, watch a docu on MSNBC or something, they often credit the CEO of a large company with everything. Look what people said about Steve Jobs after he died, the documentaries about him, they credited him, and largely him alone with all sorts of things, inventing the tablet computer, changing the world, etc. That sort of thing is not specific to gaming, it's something the media does, they sell that story to public for various reasons, and lots of people fall for it, not just gamers. @scout No problem. @ scout, Go ahead :) Fan art ... you will get the full image if you link it. The forums force crop unfortunately. @caleb, @Rick Wondering if its ok if I tweet these pics? and post to facebook? @Richard B HAHA here you go; I spent one penny formulating my theories, and the last penny typing them out on a kickstarter board thats seven days old ..Probably not a good investment on my part. LOL! @Michael H That was a good read. Hes more skeptical than I but he does have some valid points and concerns. @alcaray Honestly neither do I, but I would like an Initial update/ Vision doc. B Fargos done it for every game he made I believe, why not us? @Martin S I know were I stand. I know I have no ultimate say, but I'm not one to paddle lightly or naively when I swim with sharks.( not that they're sharks ) I agree that they have more to lose than us. @Rick I really like your more recent art very nice! @Caleb very nice, love the detail on the face specifically. Just a heads up... Some more fan-art on the forums <url>х3000px where each pixel - the real post-nuclear dream. As always - absolutely free. And one more - some people ask me to place on the picture slogans, logos and funny signs on the good memory. I made it. Stay on line! <url>"make things right" if they somehow make a misstep. Personally, I do not want developers to waste hours keeping scout (or me) informed. @scout Well, here's a guy who agrees with you. He's very critical towards crowd funding in general and Wasteland 2 in particular. I don't share his opinion but he has some interesting points. <url>"but where each dollar goes isn't something we need to be concerned with." what? I for one would like to have an accounting budget/ vision document that explains exactly what is going on and when. I want to know if they are meeting their goals or exceeding them. etc. I haven't heard anything but Diablo 3 and vegas/jokes tweets for six days now. No backer only forum yet and no change in the store. I'd like to see a full update like I described, then an update every week or two on the progress. just me, but maybe I paid more than you. I really think this will be an awesome game but I'm still skeptical about things. You don't want them to run out and spend $400.000 on filming how they make the game like Tim shaefer did. Just my two cents. @That-guy, You may have pledged $30 but you still have to select the new reward level when you update. Two changes were needed, amount and reward but only reward level is shown in the list to the right. To see if the developer can fix the reward level get on their website forums and request help directly. Nice mix up on "o" and "e"... @That-guy I think you can change it when Brian Farge have setup the webshop. Else you can contact him directly via his twitter or teh send message link above (mid top of this page). ARGH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I had not been paying attention and just noticed my pledge for some reason went back to the $15 level!!!! I had switched to the $30 after the announcement and change!!!!!! Can I fix this in any way or am I lost? Apparently the as yet unreleased C4 Engine ver 2.9 is running on Linux. Have the Wasteland crew had a look at it? @Cavin, I'm sure that's all internal data and a lot of it. They might give a breakdown of what certain things cost but where each dollar goes isn't something we need to be concerned with. Will there be a release on information on how they are planning to spend the money on? Like some rough estimates and all...? @devoid- we all stop by from time to time. And where have you been lately good sir? :) They deserve to take an occasional Sunday off, I think. fargooo...throw us some more concept art, anythiiing! You guys are still here? @Ben Lol, the parts where they're all dressed up makes me laugh. @jason darby, Go here: <url>… Attention landsharks, I may have a surprise for you in the near future. abandonia.com for abandonware. If it's that old, and no one is selling it, then it is fair game. Legally? Where? Wasteland 1 is an Abandoware and can be downloaded for free... Who? EA? Wasteland 1 is right now at the 8th place in the GOG wishlist. Be nice and give/sell them the rights to sell that game for you so all your new fans can get it. To atone for Palin? Awh, why did $15 of my pledge go towards international shipping when I live in Alaska? :( Sad panda pants. Thanks Daniel - I was able to put in the additional $15. Heh, there's also a Cholo remake (<url>"how about a remake of Mercenary?" (not because it suits the engine, just because it's an old good game), and find out about MDDClone. So thanks. Hmmm perhaps Brian Fargo/InXile should buy the rights to "It Came From The Desert " that would fit perfectly into the engine he is going to create for Wasteland 2.....just a thought! Was actually wondering if the boxed editions (normal and collectors) are going to be released at retail or online at all afterwards (and at what price??) also for the $250 plus levels when we pick one of the $150 levels does the poster/coin come with a standard boxed copy too leaving us with 2 boxed copies (collectors and normal?) cos that would be cool, thx for clearing this up =D DOH, Forgot the link, Here it is : <url>"what's going on in this comments section" sort of irrelevant question from my side. ;) I'm hanging out on the forums anyway, I was just pleased to see there was still activity here as well. The kickstarter ended only 3 days ago, one update over 3 days is more than enough. If you want daily mini updates, follow Fargo & Avellone on Twitter: <url>#ht_1317wt_1163 This one is not even in that good of shape. @scout, O' Lordy I agree about Steam, but we've already had that discussion. It went on for days and there was (electronic) yelling and screaming. Hurry up and finish the game already. I'm tired of waiting. What do you mean RESORT to lentils?! Lentils are the food of the gods... Er, at least the god of the Sea Lentils. @alcaray Hahaha, personally, I love cutscenes (except the ones you can't skip). I thought the way that they presented was quite artistic. (But then again, I'm generally a BioWare fan and the developers are from BioWare...) My only reason for not backing the game is because I was under the impression that the graphics would be similar to their video, which have no appeal for me, unless someone knows otherwise? While I'm at, if anyone's into this: <url>"older style" developer which always pulls at my heart strings if you look at my track record... I've starred quite a bit of projects in my profile, if ya'll want to see others I thought "worthy" but haven't backed because they're not really a genre I play or I couldn't figure out a way to justify them in my current budget. (Hahahaha, actually taking extra shifts at work to make my current pledges possible without resorting to lentils.) @Mark S thank you, thats where it was. :) @Scout - Check the FAQ (at the bottom of the page) under the Project Home tab. It will be available in both Steam and non-Steam versions. I will assume GOG or similar. Hey guys/girls for some reason I can't remember if they said this was steam release only or also non steam? I personally hate steam. I absolutely hate waiting an hour to update steam then waiting to update the game/ having to connect to the internet, when all I want to do is play the game I own now! ok steam rant over. I really wish I could remember where they were talking about releasing it and if we can download a steam free version. Anyone know? @Charlie, thanks for the info. But I do not like their focus. If they wanted to attract gamers like me then they should have gone about it differently. Cut scenes are fraud. @alcaray If I remember correctly, gameplay will be along the lines of Shining Force/Shining Force 2. Hope that helps. Wasteland 2 it's a big game and big world. Do not afraid experiments. Sands, Jungles and... snow. Ranger scout in the snow. ) I heard Brian Fargo want make a game realistic and serious. It's not a serious device. Snowmobile, with a retro-elements, and nuclear-powered... where seriousness? Sorry - tonight i'm mister-unseriousness. <url>"Adventure" . Argh, forgot to upgrade to 30$ tier after getting my tax refund. CURSES! The project was on the first page on one of the biggest newspaper's website here in Brazil, it was nice to sse it on a major news outlet over here. <url>€ gone.. should have invested more ^^ Do you read comics?: <url>"action required" in the kickstarter website to solve this an initiate a new transaction 'A boy and his dog" A nice oldie flix i forgot existed till reading some fallout forums. <url>"Payment Authorization" I can still see Kickstarter transaction with an "active" Status, but the only option I have is to cancel that Authorization. It looks like that: This Payment Authorization allows Kickstarter to charge you multiple times automatically for your purchase on <url>"Action Needed"-button at the top of this website, which allows you to correct it. I recommend the "send message" button above / contacting kickstarter if you haven't seen any of these mails and don't see the "Action Needed"-button. Re- engines; Screw unreal (sounds too expensive!) I'm hoping they end up using the unigine engine - those tech demos look awesome and it already supports Mac+Linux+Windows out of the box (with DX11 support for Win, and OpenGL4 support for Mac+Linux). Of course, nothing we say will influence their choice unless you know how well the engine supports customisation and how easy it is to script things up in it which would be their primary concern along with cost. Lets hope whatever they choose it lets them focus on creating an awesome, fun game with lots of content :D How do we know if we've been charged? My CC hasn't been charged yet, and I haven't received an email saying anything went wrong or the payment was successful Yeah, early playable beta is those that picked the $55 award and up. Anyone that got the $50 award and less, won't get that privelege. @Erich Lichnock @Floyd Ryan @Richard Blackrose @Josh @Bryan Sharkey @Bernardo de Oliveira e Silva Here is a link to a forum discussion about post-apocalyptic novels: <url>"premiere access", so maybe they'll open it up to all backers at some point, but don't count on it. @jason It clearly states who get beta on the rewards column, and in the rewards FAQ at the bottom of the main page. I was just wondering if only certain pledge levels get the access to the beta of the game? Today Brian Fargo in FB says: "I see the post nuclear movie "The Divide" is out on Vudu. Any recommendations?" Many people to advice a lot of good movies on the post-apocaliptic themes. I remember "The Road". Very scared movie for me. But also i remember Viggo Mortensen in that film. I think... how would it look if Viggo starred in post-nuclear ranger movie. <url>"Gobots" as i named robots Wasteland 2 variations on mech themes <url>"W2 ... [will] end up somewhere between 2.8M and 3.2M". Turns out my forecast was spot-on, am I cool or what? @Stahlseele No, they don't. It's not cool to fear a Wolpertinger... at all. Not... cool xD @ Tobi: nicht deutsch, aber deutsch sprechend ;) Hey! Wait... <url>"abroad". I.e. international shiping costs 15 bucks :) This user's account has been deleted. @Stephen: no This user's account has been deleted. nur mal so aus neugierde, sind hier deutsche backer am start, die die comments-section lesen? [translation: btw, are there any german backers here who read the comments section?] Much love from the Codex Brian! Also, we need Cleve's Bunker please ;) So did we raise enough money to use the unreal engine? @Daniel Mackey Ah yes, the Fallout Radioactive pack! Make sure to check out the bonus CD that contains the Fallout pen-and-paper game and other goodies. I am wondering why so much backers argue with THEIR money. Noone of us has pledged this alone - we all did together. And so I think I have to respect every single opinion of each other backer. If I think I will not support a certain feature with my money - okay! But there are 61.289 other people wich perhabs will do. Neither I nor any other can be a single speaker for all. So ... all what each can utter is a wish and what I can do is trust in Brian, that he is able to make the right decisions. Ok, Because of all the Talk of Fallout and Fallout 2, I bought a 3 game collection NEW on ebay for $6.48 shipped. It also has Fallout Tactics on it. I guess I'll be playing these while I wait for Wasteland 2 to arrive. :) Thanks again to all those that pledged to W2. \o/ Not referring to any post in particular, but the tone of the whole conversation. Wow, the maturity level just went through the roof. Yep, not stating a fact here, just one observation of your comment, I hardly believe that you're the same way in your day to day life, but nevertheless you acted as a jerk. One I'm sure that dosen't fit in that definition. @Gabriel thanks for your OPINION. :) Urban Dictionary: jerk The kind of guy most girls ACTUALLY want when they say they want a Nice Guy. <--funny ..no? @scout And don't use google translator on us, please. @scout, And I agree with you, I also enjoy a lot playing games in their original language... And at maximum some subtitles, but I understand people who really would enjoy to play in their original language. And I again agree with you that the money should be invest in the game, but the way you respond the coment... I'm not saying you're a bad guy, just saying the you're a jerk. Para as quatro pessoas que se queixavam de não terem sido incluídos nos 60 mil + que compraram o jogo, (feita por uma empresa fala Inglês nos EUA Gloriosa) Eu não me importo. :) Mas eu sou um cara legal, por isso, se você pensa que é especial o suficiente para obter a sua língua incluída no jogo. ir para os fóruns e busca de uma mensagem (que você pode se inscrever para) para traduzir o jogo em sua própria língua. Eu não vou concordar com o desperdício das equipes e meu dinheiro, recursos, tempo, energia em mais do que então as línguas alotted. ver update # 2 por Brian Fargo sob atualizações sobre este site. Lastlymy mulher não é um falante nativo Inglês - Eu sou, mas eu aprendi Tagolog uma linguagem que tem mais de 26 dialetos, por isso não me dar merda sobre ser insensível às pessoas estrangeiras, línguas, etc Obrigado Crusader_bin meus pensamentos exactamente. Eu comprei os jogos Stalker, porque eu amo os jogos e não SEMPRE reclamam que os personagens não falam Inglês. Scout I think the problem people have is your argument into why, you said don't buy english speaking games if you don't speak the language. I understand your reasoning, you don't want to hear people complain about not being able to play something they have a hard time understanding, but to me a fan is a fan either way, and the company should always appease the fanbase in the best way possible. I actually like the idea of the U.N. but also maybe look into the TOP 10 languages most used in the world, and base the text that way. Just an idea. Personally I couldn't make it through the demo for that - loved Dragon Age:Origins as well. :-( So glad I didn't waste my money on it. For the four people who complained about not being included in the 60+ thousands that bought the game, (made by an english speaking company in the Glorious U.S.A) I don't care. :) but I am a nice guy, so if you think you are special enough to get your language included into the game. go to the forums and search for a post (that you can sign up to) to translate the game into your own language. I will not agree with wasting the teams and my money, resources, time, energy on more than then the alotted languages. see update #2 by Brian Fargo under updates on this site. Lastlymy wife is not an native english speaker - I am but I learned Tagolog a language that has more than 26 dialects, so don't give me shit about being insensitive to foreign people, languages, etc. Thank you Crusader_bin my thoughts exactly. I've bought the S.t.a.l.k.e.r games because I love the games and did not EVER complain that the characters didn't speak english. @Tom We all are looking for any game like this!!! Considering there hasn't been too many squad based RPGs games like this at all recently unless you count...uck....Dra...oh I can bearly say it...Drago...Just force it out...just force it out... Unless you count that pile of dumbed down greased stool Dragon Age 2...there... *pant* If feel sick just saying the name of the only "Bioware" game I only played 3 hours into it before deleting the damn thing. EFIGS makes me think of figs that I can eat from my mailbox... always makes me hungry My main is not english but I can't imagine playing games in other language than the one that was used to create it as long as I understand it. Means I play games in polish when they are made in polish and play games in english if they were made in that version (which usually is the case). Also - translations were promissed for Wasteland, although majority of people who actually DID donate must have been english native speakers seeing as the site is in english and main way to donate is american amazon (I just faked the origin of my c. card to US). I guess I CAN see why people wouldnt want their money wasted on pointless localization. I DO HOPE that they will use the fanbase for text translation (for free) and won't spend cash they could have used to actually MAKE the game :) Why don't we just decide that all games should be translated through global U.N. funds to the six official languages of the United Nations (Arabic, Mandarin, English, French, Russian and Spanish.) <url>"and they certainly shouldn't HAVE to learn if they don't want to" @scout It's very sad to see people thinking like you. I, for one, am from Brazil, and I buy games all the time. Even though I like to play them in English, there are a lot of people who would prefer to play in Portuguese. Contrary to your belief, not everybody speaks English, I they certainly shouldn't HAVE to learn if they don't want to. <url>"Market" section. @scout: ever heard of south america? you really think that "only a few" portugese speakers could potentially buy the game? your attitude is extremely arrogant scout, you sir are a jerk. Good day. @ Alexsandro R-LMFAO Eu espero que você lembre-se EFIGS não inclui Português. por que eles perder tempo com uma linguagem de poucos que compraram o jogo falar? aprender Inglês quando você compra um jogo INGLÊS! @Alexsandro R -LMFAO I hope YOU remember EFIGS does not include Portuguese. why would they waste time on a language only a few who bought the game speak? learn english when you buy an ENGLISH game! I hope you remember from Brazil, when you are including the languages ​​of the game. At least subtitles, have to be in Portuguese. Shadowrun... now thats another dream come true :))))))))))))))))))))))))) Espero que se lembrem do Brasil quando forem incluir os idiomas do jogo. Nem que seja legenda, tem que ter portugues. @Randy David Ebenazer Personally I think people would get more out of actually playing Planescape: Torment rather than reading it, but to each his own. <url>“I would ask that if this document is distributed in any form that it be kept intact and unchanged, and that no fee be charged in association with such distribution. Thanks to the entire team at Black Isle which worked on Planescape: Torment, especially those responsible for the story and dialog.” have fun reading :) Oh yeah payment problem solved, time to back the Shadowrun project! @Tom - we all are! woohoo! Argh im still having problems with my payment... gotta fix that fast Id like to see a breakdown, from which countrys money came from. Oh Oops, it's just the shipping upgrade. I was hoping they'd give another chance for those who missed it. (me not needing it, but I think others will) For those $15 backers who missed the chance to upgrade: You can now upgrade to $30! Take it while you still can! <url>"inXile Men of Genius !!!" I loled so hard ^^ <url>#!/BrianFargo/status/192112890998833152/photo/1/large I just realized that Alan Pavlish on the right programmed whole Wasteland 1 by himself. And here I thought he was only a game designer. Respect increased by a few hundred times! Thank you for this game. And thank you for Fallout. And thank you for Fallout 2. List goes on and on. Never played the first Wasteland but I figure $20 is the least I can do to help fund an old school RPG. Best of luck to the development team. Don't really care about mod tools...in fact I wish there's more recruitable NPC with tons of dialogue and unique looks...NO paper doll plz... @Nerdy Suit, well that's still a pre order ,so it might eventually worth $30 or maybe more i have never been so excited for a game as this Its successful!! Guys I didnt feel so good about something in gaming word since I played Fallout 2. PLease, please make it happen... Wish all the best from Fallout 1 & 2 Czech Republic community. Wow...$20 for a preorder...I thought for sure they would charge, at least, $30. Good for them. The priority is the game. But I think they would have a really hard time not adding modding tools since it was heavily insinuated that those tools would or could be added if 3 million was hit; I wouldn't want to be the one to explain why modding tools weren't added. So I'm sure they will release some modding tools after they finish the game. Though the modding is not a promise, it's a possibility and their priority will go to making the game itself. Yes with paypal included the 3mil+ is reached. Did the 3mil+ include anything else then modding? Sorry if this was asked before but is modding confirmed? @Harney "Road" is hard to me. I'm afraid this movie. But love how he made. Lot of emotion. And Book of Eli like too. Love of the colors. Palitra of the movie. The good post-nuclear. Can't wait to play Wasteland 2 :) Bravo à tous d'avoir permis ça :) @Josh Robinson I'd love a new KQ, but ONLY if they got Roberta Williams on board. @Rick Love the variant 2 like the overall shading got a mood about it..... I love the atmosphere within both of these films the road & the most ... the book of eli Yay for inXile and all of us! We all win! @S. van Hengel Ouch... i fix external images. Now all correctly. I hope. ) It feels great to be part of this! Thanks to all fellow backers and ofc Brian Fargo and The Team. Hope Wasteland 2 will rub it in publishers' face when it comes out ;) This user's account has been deleted. I'm starting to believe all these e-payments are better in Russia than I used to think. Never had problems with amazon/paypal/some Chineese escrow service/you name it. @Rick, that's a nice picture. I thought that Amerindian guy was going to stab the pirate with a drum stick. Now we just have to get a bunch of people to fund 'Shadowrun Returns' and all will be right with the world! <url>""Dear publishers ....you know what i want to say TO you". Charged! $65 (about 50 euros) :-) Hope my boxed copy arrives to Spain and taxes and duties are not a problem! @kharmakazy Try to use your mind. What you want to say publishers now, when Wasteland 2 funded and when publishers is not needed? Poster can look child's. I want to say "go hell", or maybe something harder. But i do no do it. I'm family man. :P When i meet the real publishers (and do not saw around child) - i say what i think. It's a private message (laugh) @Josh Robinson We fly on the one wave. :D Thanks Sweet work Rick. You are fucking talented! i think he means F you. Thats dear publishers not developers "you know what I want to say you..." Wtf does that mean? "Ready to drive" (final version) - variant 1-2 Last art for Kickstarter company. Another congrats to all gamers who support Wasteland 2. And thanks in advance for inXile & Obsidian. Why i told "advance". Our work dear folks is ending. Developer work only starts. Original versions (1800x900): "Ready to drive" - variant 1 (original old wasteland 2 logo) <url>"Ready to drive" - variant 2 <url>"burning" them, or raising expectations, which tends to have an effect of making people less satisfied when the game arrive if they're raised too high. Also, developer blogs aren't necessarily the best thing to show. Gameplay images and videos, concept art, descriptions of the mechanics, that's something that people interested in the game might find more interesting. Even if you ask the current backers, I'm sure most will be more interested in how the game will look and play than how it will be developed. My card went through fine, via USA Amazon. I did ring my bank last week to say I would have some new charges being applied, and they should have "Kickstarter" in the charge name, and could a note be made that this wasn't fraudulent activity. For some people having credit/debit card issues, you may wish to contact your credit card merchant - they can tell you exactly why a charge has been declined if it is not limit related. How long this page will exist ? It would be fun to post an "hello" release date tomorrow in 18 month ;-) Lars, it's exactly what I would do if I could. :) // However, I only mentioned the videos. I'm supporting one project - 'Liberate Debian Administrator Handbook' which is somewhat kickstarterish, and the goal is ~25 000 Euro. If someone cared enough to make a couple of videos and some noise, the project would have been already funded. Lack of news is the worst of all. I'd happily write a post about W2 a week, but to do so I need to have something new to tell my friends, right? That video would suit just fine, while beta might still remain limited and used to make all the rest jealous. :3 // I hope the second part of the novella will be available to purchase later, I'd probably read it, but not just now. woops...I meant to write -- "I wouldn't be surprised if it hit the $40-50 range." Here's a question: How much do you think they'll sell the game for? I'm guessing, at least, $30. With their budget and production time, I would be surprised if it hit the $40-50 range; but I'm guessing $30...or of some sort :D @ET3D -- I have strong, unequivocal proof based on scientific data that posits my statement to be true. :D I don't know what the big deal is anyway. For $15 you get one copy of the game. For $30 you get two copies of the game + alot of other goodies. Seems like a good deal to me. You could probably even sell one of those two game licenses (with the quirky skill) for at least $20 after the game has been released... if you wanted to. I'll let you guys so the math. xD "I strongly believe, that will help create much needed hype; so that they will sell millions upon release." I strongly believe that it will not have nearly the effect you think it will. @Nerdy Suit: Yes that would be great, thanks! I read the post of Roman a second time and recognized that he only suggested that whole thing of some sort. So I got it wrong. @ Roman: Sorry! :) Pysiu: Try removing and re-adding the card on amazon. If you really can't get it to work you can now preorder the game here: <url>"If you check bodrogs comments, he's just a sock puppet." Brian did tell us that we'll get socks when we reach $3M. :) @Roman: Even though I disagree it's too late to change it, fans upgraded to $30 because of the video blogs and it wouldn't be fair to change it now. @Lars -- Would YOU like a CUP of TEA to CALM your NERVES? Boo to Lars and Nerdy for not including "of some sort" in their replies. @Roman -- Yes. That is what I've been trying to say -- The videos are a way to get people talking about your game. I don't hate inXile for this. My gosh, I want to kiss Fargo on the face for making this game a reality. I'm just saying that, in the future, it would be smart for Fargo and others to give videos and beta to all of their backers since, I strongly believe, that will help create much needed hype; so that they will sell millions upon release. @Roman Grazhdan: So you are in charge now? YOU created the videos? No? Let's upload EVERY digital reward from EVERY kickstarter project to the internet. Because YOU made that decision. I HATE these tiny input windows. With them, even in Russian I keep repeating some random phrase again and again. Larger textboxes make me proofread and eliminate tautologia and take care of commas. Strike out one 'of some sort' from the previous post which you like less. I'd make that video blog available for $15 guys, too. In fact, I'd seed it via bittorrent and upload it to youtube and to vimeo and whatnot. // I don't think the video is a privilege of some sort, probably I'm not enough zealous about this whole thing to think otherwise. Rather, I think it's a great way to keep preorders coming. Four chances to make people talk about you for free. If you'd look at the graphs at ruinedkingdoms and see how updates correlate with pledges you'd probably agree with me. Four 'eat this!' to those who were going like 'these guys would flee with your money'. Think about it. // Beta access, however, is still a privilege of some sort, and I think it's OK to keep it the way it is now. If you check bodrogs comments, he's just a sock puppet. Maybe even hired. Disgusting behavior. That kickstarter is garbage with no chance in hell wish I could get the dev videos too :( @Jason Because of the responses to comments of the rpgwatch article do not suit my taste and identify excuses in the form of search engine rankings being in part to blame. How can authors that have missed opportunities for such gainful introspection have yielded a story of depth enough to merit support. My transaction seems to have worked. I'm relieved.. I think you need to contacty inXile, they probably see that you tried to make pledge, so they can accept your pledge by paypal if that isn't very big. @Nerdy Suitת I don't think that the project needs more hype now or that the development videos are what will cause it. I think we need at least a year now of the developers concentrating on developing the game, and the fans helping with whatever inXile asks for. Leave the hype to when the game is near completion and needs some advertising to get more sales. Now to wait... Until Oct of next year :( long time... Well at least I know this'll be awesome! @Pysiu Amazon messed something up (as far as I know from reading the posts here). Just use the same credit again. damn, my transaction failed- is there any way to CHANGE the payment from amazon to anything else, like pay pal? Idea of using a different card to resolve the problem doesn`t suit me @Nerdy Suit However, Double Fine allotted a significant part of its budget to the documentary. You were told from the beginning that you weren't just funding a video game...but a comprehensive documentary as well. in comparison, inXile only added the development video clause recently, and its function is to serve as a window into the production of the game as a sort of Easter egg for privileged backers, not to chronicle the entire experience of making the game. Few of those 32778 $15 backers truly care about the video development blog, and most of them probably aren't even aware of it. The development blog is a tool used by inXile in order to try and sway some $15 backers up to the $30 tier...and around two thousand people obliged. I really don't think it will have any major impact on fan-marketing either way. YAYYYYYYYYY! So excited for this...congratulations everyone ! :D:D:D @eckhart - Why? I watched a bit of the video and decided that it wasn't for me, but I'm curious why you would recommend people avoid it? Ok... we did it... now Brian go get those socks! With that said, I want to emphasize that I am super-excited about the game. I can't wait! I just would have approached the beta and video differently. @SXX This project is just a littttle bit short of the Order of the Stick one when it comes to comments. :-P <url>"Your Payment to inXile entertainment has succeeded" Woot, that's a relief to see in my box. ‏ Congratulations guys. @Drake Ah yeah, they didnt ask for my 3 digits on back of card either. That's odd. I used a French CC, they didn't ask me for the rear 3 numbers as I think they have it in their database. And... :-) "Greetings from Amazon Payments, We wanted to let you know that we successfully completed a payment to inXile entertainment for $75.00 on Apr 17, 2012. This payment is related to the payment authorization listed below:" I had absolutely no problems with payment (mastercard). I have also already received the amazon.com payments and kickstarter email confirmations. Thanks Martin I wasn't sure....I just recently came aboard. Oh so if I may ask with everyone concerned about the payment not going through..."If Amazon says my payment was confirmed to Inxile, than shouldn't I automatically assume, that my donation was accepted for the campaign?" I don't know about the rest of you, but I used the "internet card" my bank offers as an online alternative to using your real card. Problem was, that digital card is only open for one purchase for 7 days after activation, so my initial pledge was denied. All I had to do was re-activate it through my bank though. @Hyaon Darhku nope my account was made on the uk site too and it went through just fine. @hyaon I don't think so must be cause we are the high rollers . So basically amazon mess something up , also strange they didn't ask for the 3 digit on the rear of the CC . @Robert Wilson Jr: We know how much the Paypal donations got (well, it apparently hasn't been closed yet, but as pledges there can't be withdrawn...), and it plus the amount pledged here is more than 3 million US dollars. I just paid for a game I will not get to play for 1 ½ years. And yet I feel like it is worth it. could it be your bank is rejecting it and not amazon? Well i got my amazon confirmation it was charged and paid to inxile . Still no kickstarter confirmation tough . yeah I think at shadowrun , I will double check the CC expire date on amazon before it ends . Out of interest..My account was made on amazon.co.uk, would it affect anything by using amazon.com payments? @Ben Tan: Thanks. Every little bit will help to make this game even more awesome. :) How does anyone know for sure that through paypal we reached the 3 million mark? The Amazon worked for me, I think it may have been fixed...I received the email and everything that is was successful, but I do hope for some of you they do fix it rapidly. it's deffo not me, I didn't typo and it is not maxed out nor invalid. Have emailed amazon at least to let them know it's a common problem. Did think this was a bit too easy :p Or maybe they should let the paypal account opened so that people can pay through paypal if they don't manage it with amazon? I hope Amazon will get this payment issue fixed soon enough. It failed on the second try. just click the link again and do it but make sure you as a new credit card option . (even if you use the same credit card data and expire date ) @Mike Huebner You sure are dedicated. Good job on directing the latecomers to the PayPal site! did you checj the expire date on the CC ? if it failed again it must be on amazon end . Maybe it would be good if the official staff could tell a word about those payments fails? There are 61000 backers and 12000 comments, so many people will probably not read us Failed again...oh dear. Haha hyaon I know the same feeling lol , what a hassle to get rid of money lol Just gone through the payment again, here's hoping...never before have I so badly wanted to lose money! :p We hit the 3 million mark Matthew , with paypal donations , so mod kits are included now . @Matthew Stavola You do realize that the total is actually $3.04 million with PayPal, right? This Kickstarter is over! You will still be able to pledge through PayPal, this option will also end very soon though! This your last chance to get this game at this extremely low price! You will also have access to the backer only forum. <url>""Doesn't matter, if my calculations are correct, the influx of money will keep flowing straight to 2.820.000 + 96.000 in 6 hours and then 2.870.000 to 2.920.000 + 103.000 in the final hours (with an error of %8,51, give or take, due to surprise last hour mega pledges of 5.000 or 10.000) I base my statements on absolutely nothing."" Mine is through, too. $175 very well spent. Why, that's only $2.25 a week from now until the game's release. Why didn't I give more?? Sure I could have cut back by 2 coffees a week instead of just one. C'est la vie. Congratulations to us all! @ET3D Actually it's the first LSL game remade, but with (possibly) additional new content (see especially Update #7 for this project)! WOot!! Funded! COngrats!! now the LOOOOONG wait for the game! I'd rather pledge to Starlight Inception....we definetely need another game like Wing Commander or X-WIng. <url>"Your Payment to inXile entertainment has succeeded" WIN ! "Here's to us." "Who's like us?" "Damn few!" "And they're aaaaaaaaaalllllllll... deeeeeeaaaaadddd!" Just got an email from Amazon that they charged my card, i guess they have all their money to play with now :) Same here. all my 32 dollars. LoL "Payment succeeded"! Congrats on the 3 million! "Your Payment to inXile entertainment has succeeded" YES! (I) we did it. Still cannot believe this is happening.. My payment just succeeded.... Bye bye $265, it was nice knowing you. Now make some gamez! <3 This Kickstarter is over! You will still be able to pledge through PayPal. This will also end very soon though! Last chance to get this game at this extremely low price! You will also have access to the backer only forum. <url>"Action needed" ... amother chance to change your pledge level to $10.000 and rise the resulting numbers? ;-) my whole day just go through by watching this money funding thriller and pressing F5 :)) Ettore: The kicking it forward money is only withdrawn from profit from selling the end product, kickstarter money is not used for it. Before you know it, it'll be time to dust off the ol' M1989A1 again... Desert Rangers lead the way! Congrats for the successful funding, now kick that 5% forward to Grim Dawn! @Vadim Or he could just use the action needed-button and fix it. ;) Oh, now I see the "Action Needed" above. : ) @Christian Costa Batagelo USE THIS <url>"I was there." Anyone else charged extra? Wooo! \o/ @Ronald Valente are you sure they said it is a lower level? The reward text for some says {previous level value} + the extras at your level. For example the $75 reward text, which is what is emailed, says "$50 pledge + Early release episodic Novella (Part 2) on the Wasteland 2 world created by Mike Stackpole, a NYT bestselling author and member of the original Wasteland team. Also, get PREMIER ACCESS TO AN EARLY PLAYABLE BETA ON STEAM. (Please add $15 for international shipping)". That is the $75 one, not the $50 one. @Drake Oh well, KS will get back to you if it fails permanently and give you a chance to fix it. Hello sir, there's your $3 million, now build us a game worthy of old time RPGs :) It is not that karl it is very strange to have your CC reseted on expire date , and not have to put in the 3 code . for european cards . Where's my game? Apparently you can still donate through paypal. I'm pretty excited to see a fresh RPG to the market. Ronald: You sure? Some tiers include numbers about other tiers (like $75 tier says "$50 pledge + blabla") you didn't misread? :) Is it ready yet? ; ) @Drake: Nah, they have taken money from most people. Just leave it and wait for kickstarter to get back to you if it fails. yea my Kredit Card expiration date was also resettet and failed now. Weird. Congratulstions to InXile! When all is said and done, I think they will end up with just about the same amount of resources for their game as Double Fine has for theirs, in any case enough for an awesome old-school cRPG. :-D Umbrae: You should see a "Action Required" line on the top of Kickstarter pages, just hit this and try another card to fix your payment. You got a full week to get your pledge in order. :-) @Etienne Don't worry, they can't charge everyone's cards at the same time. :) You confirmation email should come within 24 hours. This user's account has been deleted. no umbrea it seems something is going on with amazon suddenly . reseting everybody date to 04/2012 and not even asking for the back end 3 code verification they are still processing mine , but never ever happened like this before . so check your credit card date , it probaly got reseted to default JZed please just go away... PG-13 my a**. This game should have AT LEAST an M rating, and Fargo has said as much himself. I didn't get any payement confirmation email :/ Umbrace: You can still donate through Paypal. Don't rate it anything. Leave it unrated!! I wish Kickstarter would use something other than Amazon. Idiots failed my card with no explanation. :( Guess I have to wait on Kickstarter to get back with me. now i hope this arrives at my birthday in October 2013 that would be awesome. Best birthday presend i made myself yet ^^ <url>"PG-13", and don't encumber it with needless profanity. @ET3D: I quite literally have nothing left I can give for at least another 6 months. Unfortunately funding 3 games has taxed my already light wallet. I've done Shadowrun and i'll do Ogre as soon as it gets international Didn't find anything else interesting yet (except for Your World, but it's not the same interest ;-)) Is it October 2013 yet? People, please don't fast forward to 2013 yet. There are more Kickstarter projects which need your help. @Ben Tan same with me was totaly confused Where is my Fast Travel button towards 2013 ? :-( @fredletamanoir, another $50 backer has been added to the Kickstarter result since the clock reached 0. Let's see how many more trickly in. Again, what a great final hurdle. Over 3 million with Paypal pledges. @Shane lol same, i had a big smile once i got the receipt :P Here comes the dreaded part: The Wait can we just fast forward to 2013 already? This Kickstarter is over! You will still be able to pledge through PayPal. This will also end very soon though! Last chance to get this game at this extremely low price! You will also have access to the backer only forum. <url>"One $150 reward" when I pledged $250...lol To clarify the situation... 2.933.147 on KickStarter +108,368 on Paypal = 3.041.515$ soooooooo there will be a mod kit, right ? RIGHT ?????? @Fishos: Wow, that is huge chunk for the double fine adventure documentary.... It was supposed to be $100,000 for the documentary, but now it is more like 300,000 - 400,000 dollars. lol ^^ Well, looks like Wasteland 2 really is the highest funded game on kickstarter, if you include that fact in the equation. :) @Etienne kickstarter for kickstarter funded email. Amazon email for amazon receipt*. @Roman They did not. I quote this again, it's the only official statement about mod kit and it does not promise anything: "The third most asked about feature is for us to provide a mod kit to allow players to create their own scenarios. I have always loved those kinds of tool-sets to set players loose to keep the world expanding. To create these kinds of tools is time consuming and requires a separate team of guys to do it. While we are not ready to commit to that feature yet, we can say that if we were to hit 3 million dollars, it would be possible to do a mod kit without cutting into the plan for the main game. In fact, IF we ended up making the mod kit we would not release it until after Wasteland 2 shipped as our hands will be quite full to ensure things are done well." was charged also... from Amazon Payments <email> Congrats inXile! and Thank you! In which email do you get if you have been charged or not? The amazon email or the KS one? I got the charge! yay :D F YEAH I GOT CHARGED 30 DOLLARS FROM INXILE LOOKS LIKE IM GETTING WASTELAND 2!!! Ok, they just charged my pledge, everything is ok now ! ;) Fishos - yeah, something like 4-5 hundred K was put aside for the documentary, that is true. We were never going to win the 'most funded kickstarter project' for very long anyway - there's a watch kickstarter that's raking in the millions as we speak that'll probably go to 5 or 6 million. Whoo! Got the email! Goodbye $165! yes but they didnt even ask me my rear end number , will go back and do it again , woot going to be expensively overcharged if all payment goes trough >.< Not charged yet. I keep F5ing my gmail. DFA's official "where did the money go" chart, for those interested: <url>"Jason Rivera 3 minutes ago Wasteland done, now on to the Shadowrun!!" Farewell $265 - I knew ye well. (salutes) 3,041,225$ That's amazing ) Congratulations ) I'm glad to be a part of this ) @Drake: If it fails you'll be contacted by KS and you'll ge a chance to fix it. People having problems with Amazon, you have a week to get them fixed, so don't worry if a wrong detail made your pledge fail to go through. This game is actually MORE funded that Double Fine Adventure. Remember that part of the money they raised was not for the game but for a documentary team!! @Mike Huebner well that was bad planning ;) so no wonder the payment doesn't go trough . cause have more then enough money to pay for it . and my debit card hold more then enough cash When we add in the PayPal pledges (which they said were close to 100k on the wrap party video feed last night), that's over 3 million dollars pledged! ... Which means Brian Fargo better be showing off some SOCKS in the follow-up video! Congrats, guys! Wasteland 2 is going to be great! This Kickstarter is over! You will still be able to pledge through PayPal. This will also end very soon though! Last chance to get this game at this extremely low price! You will also have access to the backer only forum. <url>"AWESOME", maybe backers take a look at other projects now..... there are some interesting ones really glad to see wasteland coming back..... congratulation brian and team... takes a while to open the homepage of inXile :) If your credit card payment fails there is a chance to redo it. happened to me on another project I backed. So no excuses!! @Karl Ahh, you're right. My bad. ^^ @Drake Where can you see that info? They haven't pulled any money from me either. A little worried! GOAL!!!! @Roman: If they release it, releasing it afterwards is pretty much the plan, so... yeah. hmm anybody else has payment failure cause amazon messed up the credit card date on the website ? am trying to contact them but that is new Shit... fuckin' Amazon couldn't process my credit card. Re-pledged on PayPal - at least it works. So my 15 bucks still will be with Wasteland ;) Imho they should finish the game, then let people do their first playthrough and during that time they should make the mod kit and release it as future patch. Or pay 15$ via paypal ;-) Alon: You were supposed to have done that in your initial pledge by just adding $15 extra. I recommend that you contact inXile about it. Yeah they havent commited to it(fair enough, its low on the list) yet but im sure we will get it at some point, probably a month or two after release. Id much rather have a game finished than wait 2 extra months for the mod kit to come at the same time :P. Congratulations on beating the 3mill mark!. Wasteland done, now on to the Shadowrun!! how do I add the 15$ for international shipment ? just started playing fallout 2 with restoration project on. It is pretty sweet almost like playing a DLC to fallout. Well glad to back this project, you guys just take your time i think you might bring the golden age of gaming back. Congrats inXile :) @Mike Wrong, here is a quote of the only official statement I know (correct me if I'm wrong): "The third most asked about feature is for us to provide a mod kit to allow players to create their own scenarios. I have always loved those kinds of tool-sets to set players loose to keep the world expanding. To create these kinds of tools is time consuming and requires a separate team of guys to do it. While we are not ready to commit to that feature yet, we can say that if we were to hit 3 million dollars, it would be possible to do a mod kit without cutting into the plan for the main game. In fact, IF we ended up making the mod kit we would not release it until after Wasteland 2 shipped as our hands will be quite full to ensure things are done well." That's not a promise. It's just "it'll be possible and we might do it". @Mike, no they did not promise to make one. They however have added it to the goals of the project, so it is likely it will be made. <url>！@odd ball @TheChosenOne, or this list of Kickstarters: <url>… Post I made with a whole lot of gaming Kickstarters and you can decide which ones to back. 1,5 years will go fast if you play Baldurs gate, Fallout, Planescape Congrats to everyone ;-) Brian, give us an epic game! @Tobi Freeze yourself like Eric Cartman did. OMG what am I gonna do now for 1,5 years?!? 0_o maybre install the old fallout-games and play them again... raaah! Now to donate more to shadowrun we made it :) Congrats team and thanks to the gamers around the world! @Josef Hoffert: That should be right. It seems the info in the email is identical to the description of the reward, and what you quote is identical to the $75 reward. @Bahadir - I think you mean the ball is in his court.. HA hahaha not balls on him :p sorry I couldn't help myself. @Michael Saunders, I'll raise you <url>謝謝你太@ huangyizhi The balls on you Fargo, it better be good. The whole kickstarter thing depends on you now. Good luck, I guess its not necessary to say that we, gamers, believe in you. If you ever doubt that, just check the number on the right ;) Too bad my bro is broke. He is the one who introduced me to Interplay games and Planescape when i was in my young childhood. It feels great to be part of history however. @ET3D If we're doing project backing wars, then I'd vote for starlight inception <url>Всех поздравляю! :))) Haha, we really fired your lasers on faark. @faark: we beat 3 mil through PayPal Faark, no fail. paypal donation over 100k Faark: Yes, there is 107000 dollars on paypal aswell, its over 3 milion combined! @Faark: We are over 3m with Paypal! :) faaail, no 3m :p @Uula Valkamo, it starts with the first pledges and goes on .. Yeeehaaa It is funded !!! We rock !! grats! 多谢大家~~ @shane : you have to be xD This Kickstarter is over! You will still be able to pledge through PayPal. This will also end very soon though! Last chance to get this game at this extremely low price! You will also have access to the backer only forum. <url>やった！やった！ Congrats and thanks, everybody! This is how we get great games! KS didn't withdraw any money from my bank account, does this mean that transaction failed? FUNDING SUCCESSFUL! What a suprise! Such a great feeling to be part of this. Yeeeeeeeeee!!! Correct me if I'm wrong, but does the new announcement on the Wasteland 2 forums confirm that a modkit is now in the goals? Yeah 2014 is more realistic. Just make it right! From my e-mail: "Pledge Summary Amount pledged: $90.00 Reward: $50 pledge + Early release episodic Novella (Part 2) on the Wasteland 2 world created by Mike Stackpole, a NYT bestselling author and member of the original Wasteland team. Also, get PREMIER ACCESS TO AN EARLY PLAYABLE BETA ON STEAM. (Please add $15 for international shipping) Est. Delivery: Oct 2013" I chose the $75 dollar pledge. Is this it? Getting a bit nervous. :P Yay we get mod tools in 18 or so months. :D Allright maybe later, but we will get them! :D Good job guys! Awesome =) So, happy! Congratulations to all of us backers! A N T I C I P A T I O N B O N E R Hell yeah! We ARE the champions, aren't we... :) thank you Charles Wow...it actually reached over $3M all together...crazy! VICTALY! Congratulations ! That's awesome. This will be a random surprise in a year when receiving the package :-) Hahahaha. Best gift ever! (I am trying to keep track , but maybe i'll forget about it, making it an even bigger surprise in the end). anyone with a few bucks left in their pockets should consider backing the leisure suit larry reboot <url>"What can change the nature of a publisher?" ..maybe Kickstarter? WOW KS already made the withdrawn I'm so proud to be part of this club. *nerdgasm* Congrats ya'll! so excited for this, and glad to be a a part. Now get to work! Matija -- Over $3million including Paypal! <url>€ a month and gave 75$ for this Game ! I really have to love it xD Let's eat some pasta now xD @Adam- no You are great!! isnt it broke'd the 3 million mark with paypal? I'm gonna go register on the forums now. Look me up ShaneD53! $107,182 on paypal... Matija: With paypal it's more than 3 mil, we got $107000 on paypal! Congrats all! Awesomesauce. Now we wait for glory! KS should start their own credit card. Oh the havoc that would wreak! Congrats, and thanks to each and every backer! You are GREAT! Inxile-entertainment.com has is DOWN. lol. You guys hammered the hell our if it. ^^ congratulations~~we have made it! Go go! Make Wasteland 2 happen! I want exploding blood sausages now :) nearly broke the 3 million mark Congrats everyone. Now, just have to wait for October :) It's now official. 61,288 gamers will eat macaroni rest of the month. Congrats! The paypal site is down.... XD You can still donate on using paypal (dunno for how long): <url>"Thanks to you and 61284 other backers, Wasteland 2 has been successfully funded. Amazon will now charge your credit card." Oh dear! Total including Paypal: 3,040,329! Hellz to the yeah! MY MIND JUST EXPLODED LIKE A BLOOD SAUSAGE. SO DID MY PENIS. Congratulations! Now we wait a year and a half. :( scary clown costume time! :) Congratulations, Everyone involved. Especially Brian Fargo and the team!!!! Can't wait for the game, been replaying fallout 1 again, gonna play fallout 2 after it. Really hyped! Cheers! aight he can finally buy socks :D Congrats inXile! Don't fuck this up :) This Kickstarter is over! You will still be able to pledge through PayPal. This will also end very soon though! Last chance to get this game at this extremely low price! You will also have access to the backer only forum. <url>"When You Walk Though A Storm?" Wow, guess I have to got back to replaying Fallout 1 + 2 for the next 18 months... YESS!!!!! Congrats and thank you fellow fans!! YOU made this possible! *Congratulations!!! The paypal site is taking a big hit INTERPLAY REBORN Huzzah! Upped mine with 50 seconds to go! Congrats Brian!!! yewwwww Congrat... everybody... and goodnight.... Good Luck, InXile, Brian Fargo, Chris Avellone and all the developers, writers, animators, musicians on this project... Welcome to the Big Damned Hero club! Congratulations!! JAWSOME!! Total: $3,040,329 paypal is still up at the moment I think I'll celebrate this moment with a glass of water @ Etienne I don't think so. They need to close the account or something first and I don't think they're at work yet. I guess everybody has few hours left to pledge via paypal. It's just the beginning!!! Let's create an epic game!!! Woot ! loving that nice green funding successful bar A great river of green backer money is flowing through the internet and goddess it's a big one! Forum going downnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn ............................. LOL guys it's like 5am there. Let them go to bed, wake up, BUDGET LIKE CRAZY, and then give us our update :) Bank account is critically hit for 265 damage. Bank account explodes like a blood sausage. Congrats all!! Good to read so many happy people :D This Kickstarter is over! You will still be able to pledge through PayPal. This will also end very soon though! Last chance! <url>"remember to count paypal" :P Wasteland 2 HERE WE COME :| Oh don't mind this guy from a Vault I ran into he's sneaking in via the back door My Bank Account says: ouch @Floob +1 on that. The nameless one's saga is complete. But something as mindblowing as that would be awesome. I have high hopes that wasteland 2 has that same potential to be such an emotional and deep experience. Here we go! All over. Well done guys! Now lets get a Great Game Out of this... 3M achieved, we gonna get everything we been asking for, I'am so happy :D Ahhhhh..... so happy! awesome! Congrats guys! Is it done yet? j/k Yeehaw!! Keeps going up a while after due to slow ppl... will Brian still put in 100.000 ? Congratulation!!! Good luck guys. Big congratulations. Done it! There is a little step to go, develop and bring the game Well, that was an exciting ride! Now the longest 18 months of my life begins... People can still dump money on paypal. $2,933,067 they got over 3mil! yay! Congratulations to all backers! Thank you Brian and Chris for making this project, and our dream, reality!! :D YEEEESS!!! Hurray! yay!!!!!! Where's my game? Funding Successful ) GJ everyone! Congratulations, it a Post Apocalyptic RPG! I am quite happy, that this pebblewatch broke the kickstarter record and is the #1 of highest supported projects. I think this takes the pressure from all the software developers. Hey Brian, more than 3 million! Gratz That's it !!!!!!!!! Congratulations! \o/ Congratulation TODAY IS THE START OF THE NEW DAWN!!! CONGRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAATZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ GREAT SUCCESS! FUNDING SUCCESSFUL This project successfully raised its funding goal less than a minute ago. Congratulations everyone, developers, backers, dreamers - us all! Hurray for an awesome forthcoming post-apocalyptic RPG, Wasteland 2! Good luck inXile, good luck Brian Fargo, Chris Avellone and all the developers, writers, animators, musicians on this project! This is great! This project is fully funded. ohhhhh Publishers can kiss my *** ...congrats everyone :) Yea!! and that's done. DONE Yeaaaah! 0 $2,932,771!!!!!! Congratulations! GRATZ! And that's it. :) Fantastic work everyone. OK now that that is over, head on over to Shadow Run, Larry Reloaded and the Jane Jensen game :) Also in the future there will be a a Tex Murphy Kick Starter,Long live the gaming public! CONGRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAATZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ Finished. Server still there? GoGoGo!))) Good luck!) :=) CONGRATZ!!! TADA!!! PARTYYYY !!!!! @Pikiou, if it's the same universe and the same style of game then as far as I'm concerned it's a sequel (or prequel if so desired by the developers). Just look at the Fallout games, you never played the same characters although you may come across common lore and NPC's. Wasteland 2 !!!!! :D Grats! Wasteland is coming! Thanks to everyone! :D 1 Congratulations everyone! Congrats!!! Exciting times ahead! 4 0 Congratulations Grats everybody! We Did it! Congrats!!!! Yaaaaay!! 3 2 1 Teh end. WOOOOOOOOOOOOO Congrats InXile DOne. DONE 1\ 2 Congratulations to all backers! Thank you Brian and Chris for making this project, and our dream, reality!! :D lol @bloodgrin hahahhahah hilarious Thanks to everyone who took part in the project! It couldn't have been done without us and Inxile guys! YEAHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!! 10 Inb4 0! last Congratulations to us, Brian Fargo and InXile! This was fun. Now make the best game you can! And the first time I face that Scorpitron, I want it to be a TOUGH fight. :) Wasteland here we come! CONGRATS! congrats! 10 sec 10 9 Final seconds. inXile make us a great game! 10 seconds Updated my journal! 12 VIVA LA REVOLUTION! 10! 10! 10 :) 15 seconds!!! Noooooo! in brian we trust! Logged in with two mins to go, just in time to double my pledge. Go go go! And of course congrats to inX Bloody awesome! Rock on, inXile!!!!! 10 17 seconds. damn lag~ See on the forums- Dingus Thank's for all fish. We will wait for Game. Time is running out. This is your last chance Twenty seconds! Yay! In before the end. 30 @Jotun35 I guess i don't hang out on the right sites ;-) Tell your friend who forgot to pledge to pledge on paypal after this has closed, it'll be open a couple of minutes more I guess. Hell Yeah!!! 30 secs I just hope this game will make other classic games to be remake or revived Woooot!!!! damn i wish it had 1 - 3 more days :/ love you all Gogogogoog TODAY IS THE DAY THAT CRPGS RISE AGAIN!!! 40s! 30! theres still pledges coming in haha Thanks all! Was fun! Looking forward to the game Don't forget there's other projects to back on kickstarter too :p Less than a minute! Yay! F5, F5, F5.... ^^ For great justice!! Good luck! It was rounded Ben At 0 a video launches where Brian is in some exotic island showing us the middle finger hahahaha houston we have a problem I have both a landshark and a lentil in my code. Go landsharks! thx for the fun Awesome stuff - Congrats inXile!!! Hurray ! 50 seconds! 60 secs!! Now we wait 18 or months. It will be worth it. I have faith in Brian. 1 min... @Karl Zylinski , that's a lot of toilet paper :) TODAY HISTORY WILL BE MADE!!! wait...1 minute became 79 seconds... ? Good luck inXile ! Great project! good job people! game over! 60 seconds and counting Well done everyone. Wow! What a project. Shame it didnt quite get 3million here on Kickstarter, I would have loved to see a squad level, turn based strategy RPG finally kick some arse. (Not that it didnt) but kicking adventure game arse is always good. CONGRATULATIONS, MAKE US AN AWSOME GAME! CONGRATU....wait for it........ One minute left. It's been a wild ride, guys. DONATE NAO THIS IS YOUR LAST CHANCE!!!! I'm really looking forward for the game! Congratulations! And now get to work! ;-) WOW now in seconds...... Come on! @ Joe Moreno: The PayPal money counts too. WoW awesome what a amount of positive feelings :) , makes it all worth it . Nice, bout 100k since I went to bed. Yeah, well done @Greg Personnally I crave for a Planescape sequel way more than a Torment one, let the Nameless One rest in peace ;) @ inXile ... : Best wishes and a great time while developing wasteland 2! <3 Damned proud to be a part of changing the face of gaming! Well, that's an extra $150 I'll never see again. Best thing is, I haven't given myself enough time to change my mind! @Jason Ferron, I didn't say it's not fair. I said (in some other comment) it's arbitrary. <3 & peace! Global annihilation here we come!!! @ Hellion : You're wrong, I'm also french I'm very interested in this game ! ^^ And same for the whole RPG France community I think ! NOW GO WORK INXILE (*CRACKS WHIP) count down!!! I can imagine the rushed panic these last minute pledgers are experiencing. "CURSE YOU SLOW INTERNET!" Congrats!!! $106,942 on PayPal, wonder if that will continue to increase after KickStarter stops. It has been a pleasure to be part of this project guys. Look forward to seeing you on the forums. :D does the paypal part of the 3 million they wanted or is it just on here? Something to tell your grandkids :) I was there and backed it up... ;) Sweet! So, when's the game due? - *looks at the expected date* - .......... aaaaaarrrrgggghhh!!!!!!! :) Bye, bye, see you on the forums. :) 1 minutes) Have fun with our money inXile. Please only use 25% of it as toilet paper!! Can I have my $250 reward now? GO LANDSHARKS!!!! MAY YOUR TEETH ALWAYS BE SHARP, AND YOUR PREY EVER NUMEROUS! congrats everyone! Almost over! Congratulatons everyone, let's enjoy the game ! @Jared Trezise TB has stated that the entire $50k KotW Battle Royale prize will be donated to Charity Water should he win so I don't think he feels a Kickstarter is necessary at this point. There are plenty of other charity based Kickstarters by other people on the go at present if you search though. Anyways, Grats to inXile on getting such great backing on the project. Looking forward to seeing the final product. 2 minutes oooooo. Pledge quick I can't believe it will be over in one minute!!! aww, great meeting you too Charles - hopefully we'll all chat to each other while backing other fun game projects here in the future Well done! I just wanted to post here to become a part of old school cRPG history. Two minutes @Greg : Chris Avellonne already said there won't be a sequel for torment but that he'd like to do another spiritual successor ( as in another game in the planes I guess ). I love torment, but I don't want to have a sequel ( as in with the same heroes and such ) because it would be irrelevant. Congrats inXile, looking forward to a great game! War ... War never changes !! haha. silent enemies make for good times. Bring em on!!! Nobody has mentioned landsharks recently... LANDSHARKS. :P Thank you all, and good night. $100 charge incoming I check back and it only has 2 mins to go. Neat Well my bank account is about to start sucking @Karl Zylinski At 100 I'm in the same situation, my relatives would strangle me if they only knew... But they never ever will... >.> see you all on the forums! i have yet to register though... :( @Charles Middleton III We are now enemies. Charles: No enemies that have been foolish enough to publicly declare themselves, muwahaha! Awesome our work is done, time for Brian to start. 20k less backers and we still almost beat DF this has been the most awesome thing ever, thank you everyone!!! 3 mins hehehe ... The "wasteland.inxile-entertainment.com"-website is fighting with traffic ... hi loading times. :-) I agree with sinisterz here comes the hit to my bank account... So i guess we gave/are going to recieve the gift of game..... I just wanted to thank all of you for making this last month one fine time in my life! I made some great friends, thankfully no enemies, and got to see the awesome power of the fans at work. Glad to have known every one of you!!! countdown... At the 1 Minute marker we should all yell Congratz at the same time. Site crashes :P History is made, and we all played a big part in it! Good Job everyone! @Jared, the novella at $30 is a completely different story from the ones at $50 and $75. There are 3 in all. If there was 80k backers this wouldve gotten way past DF total @Pikiou, nope. I will keep asking for Torment 2 until Brian and co give a definitive answer on whether it will be a viable game. Let's hear it for 2^15 $15 backers. Almost out of the signed short. @Stefan: You're better off asking Erich about it. I really just did some minor documentation work for them, and the next thing I knew, I'd shelled out more money than I even do for my own shoes for this thing lmfao. They're a really fun bunch, these Landsharks. with a 50$ reward since I live in Europe^^ hopefully the extra 30k ish we raised should take care of the other costs. They sky is the limit!! More money means more content: A larger world, more items, more weapons, more enemies, more music, etc. pp.!! YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO GET THE GAME FOR THIS LOW PRICE AFTER THIS KICKSTARTER HAS FINISHED! You will also have access to the backer only forum! 5 Minutes left!! Paypal: $106,842 Kickstarter: $2,929,860 $3,036,702 and counting, 20 Minutes to go! If you don't have a credit card, then you can pledge using PayPal here: <url>"causes" and the such. Stop asking for Torment 2 please. The game doesn't need a sequel. Ask for another game in the multiverse. It is way more relevant. @Jared different authors for the novellas go for 3million !!!! technically we are investors, but not in a negative capitalistic sense but in a human loving sense. i aint getting a gift still, i have only given money to support this new way of funding and to get a beloved boxed copy of wasteland 2!!! So so awesome! Is the novella at $30 both parts 1 and 2? As in the other higher levels just get the novella earlier than the $30 level? Or is the $30 one only part 1 or something? @Rachel: Sounds good. :) Then maybe I'll get an explanation for all these landsharks! @Rachel Grameen? Rune, just play it on PC/windoze. Games are always best on there next step torment 2 :P @etienne. just add another 2 bucks, you can pledge between the levels @sinisterz I'm French, but i really don't think there is that much love from Europe for this game :-( I tried some recruiting on my forums but they only care about jrpgs >_< Okay, Okay. Upped to 170. That is it! Dont forget 100k at paypal ) All most there!!! I feel a bit guilty that i never played wasteland, but wasteland 2 is the closest of being a proper fallout sequel:) how many of you have also a copie of the fallout 3 van buuren tech demo?;) You can pledge more money than the reward you choose, you don't need to select a reward at all if you just want to give money away. @rocksteady: I work for a development bank, so I guess all I do all day is try to end poverty. A bit of a hobby from time to time is nice! @Stefan: We'll certainly look for you! I'll probably be Yukeh or maybe I'll keep this name? Either way. That was like a child dream. Now I want to dream with Planescape Torment. OS segregation is a (pure) digital restrictions. Hence my oppinion that it's DRM. I am aware most of you have a narrower, more technical view of DRM. But you are right, Time To Celebrate. Congrats community and congrats inXile! @Etienne Doen't matter but do it NOW! Yeah, "War; War sometimes changes... like when you build a giant scorpion robot with miniguns attached..." I could increase my contribution, but at the moment I choose the 50$ digital only reward, so if I change for a physical copy, the developpers would kind of lose some money :/ What do I do?? xD @Tanglebones Yeah, I was wondering if Totalbiscuit would eventually do a Kickstarter about building a well or something. That's what the focus of his King of the Web was. If all current backers just upped their pledge by $1.17 the site would go down AND we would have $3,000,000! They sky is the limit!! More money means more content: A larger world, more items, more weapons, more enemies, more music, etc. pp.!! YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO GET THE GAME FOR THIS LOW PRICE AFTER THIS KICKSTARTER HAS FINISHED! 10 Minutes left!! Paypal: $106,797 Kickstarter: $2,928,437 $3,035,234 and counting, 20 Minutes to go! If you don't have a credit card, then you can pledge using PayPal here: <url>"Warder" on the forum. :) <url>~~ If all of the current backers just upped their pledge by $2 ... Hi from Norway fellow backers.. Geez new backers are ticking in fast now.. this is gonna be Sweet. @mike I was thinking of going with "despicable rune mod" @Jason Ferron "It's not like they just have some magical switch to allow them to make the game for each operating system, in some cases code needs to be completely re-written for the game to work on say Linux, or Mac OSX." But they are already making three versions. It's decided. We payed for this. I don't say it's DRM (it isn't), but it's strange policy. I'll try stay as something recognizable. Otherwise you can find me as (Eberict)! Dinner time! Pawel he has repeatedly posted that it is literally DRM. Otherwise people wouldn't be so annoyed. 16 minutes left. It's been an honor to be part of this with all of you. See you guys on the forums... and in the wastes. :) Take 10% of whatever they collect plus all the cost for the physical goods and you are left with the real money for producing the game. @Greg When this is over, go to the Shadowrun comments, we just had a discussion on costs. @Karl Zylinski, what does backing the project that have to do with the OS situation? People who buy the game after release will not be backers yet will face the same situation. - Really, more money is not a good reason. It's a reason that's easily abused, and why we get day one DLC and other such crap. I agree though that this is not a time to discuss this but a time to celebrate, so I won't post on this subject any more at this time. @ Erich Lichnock: I'm on the forums! (As Tanglebones)... there was a post earlier about a "backer only" forum though, so I don't know if the forum is going to migrate, or change? Anyway, I'll still be Tanglebones. @Rachel: Aww, likewise! I'm going to miss this "mini-community" after the Kickstarter is over. @bernardo: *can't stop laughing* Great parting comment ;-) @ Jason, true enough, too bad most of the time DRM makes things suck. @Ryan: LMFAO. Yeah this is totally a First World Problem. "I can't have this game on all three of my computers!" Meanwhile, outside of my house, there are street people who make less than $1 a day starving. gg feeding malnurished kids doesnt give me the same buzz as shooting a raider, there i said it :) Someone drop a big fat $$$ bomb for the finish! Runes point is not that forcing backers to choose operating system is a DRM, but that it's arbitrary. (At least I understand his post this way.) What fees does Kickstarter charge? Kickstarter collects a 5% fee from the project’s funding total if and only if a project is successfully funded. Amazon (our payments processor) also charges credit card processing fees that generally work out to 3-5%. Hope that clears up the questions regarding Kickstarter/Amazon overhead costs I know i may get hated on but.... gamers can donate into a game reaching 3mil! Imagine what we can do to help poverty.... oh well. @Bernardo LMFAO Are we still on this whole OS/DRM kick? Take it from me, I'm a programmer. DRM is deliberately made code to protect the program from copyright infringement (Or so they tell us half the time) whereas what we have here is a different version made for each operating system. It's not like they just have some magical switch to allow them to make the game for each operating system, in some cases code needs to be completely re-written for the game to work on say Linux, or Mac OSX. If you have 5 PCs (with Windows on them) in your house and you want to install your one copy on all 5 of those PCs you can. Why? Because it is DRM free. That is the difference. DRM typically (in most modern iterations) prevents you from installing to many systems PERIOD. Whereas what we have here is merely a difference of version which allows the program to be installed an unlimited number of times on a particular version. NOT DRM! @Tanglebones: I understand perfectly, mate. Hope to see you on the forums! Whoa only 17 minutes to go. So cool. Way to go everyone. Here's hoping the digital soundtrack comes in FLAC or Apple Lossless Where's the First World Problems meme about not being able to have Wastelands 2 on 3 different platforms simultaneously for $15? as soon as the time runs out i'm joining the forums! i'll be under the user name ShaneD53! @Ben I gotta think that when he was throwing out those numbers he was taking the cuts into consideration, at least from KS if not from Paypal. @Robert and it shall be called 'Rune Torment' @Ben Tan : I think they did, don't worry ;-) Okay, $3 Mill on Kickstarter would be awesome!!! ;-) Who's developing the first pantless landshark mod? @rune I'm saving your comments so I can make a mod starring you as an npc I can kill to get an achievement. I predict it will be popular. @rachel actually i think they could give dem backers all versions at once, there is no reason why not, its not making any extra expenses... anyway i will be glad to get any version at all! Guys, DON'T FEED THE TROLL (Rune) Brian Fargo already celebrated $3M on his Twitter. Come on! All backers, put 1 more dollar! Bernardo NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!! Yep, dev videos sold me.. $30 it is. @ Erich Lichnock: It'll be hard, because balancing freedom of information with creators rights is something I care passionately about. But you are right! I will not feed the troll (anymore than I already have... sorry folks with more self-control than me!). Amazon takes roughly 3%, Kickstarter takes 5%. I don t think we will have the millions on kickstarter now we don t have enough time We're already at $3M! With Paypal. @Stefan: No, not at all! You're very nice. XD And I am looking forward to it a lot! KS take 5% Amazon takes 3-5% @Etienne Cordonnier yeah, I am worried if BF would take those into consideration when calculating the 3mil... Ok guys, I'm off to work. It has been great to read this comments for the last few weeks. I wish all the best for everyone. And I hope to leave you in-game messages when the social mod comes out... Wait, did I just say social?! I DID! Muahahahahaha! SOCIAL, SOCIAL, SOCIAL!!! MULTIPLAYER DAY 1 DLC DRM EA MUAHAHA! MUAHAHAHAHAHAHA! $3Mill would be awesome! The problem is Rune you're about the only one who thinks it's DRM. You have 20 minutes. Pledge or don't but please stop wasting our time with this crap. I will give Rune a couple of pages long explanation (with figures) of what DRM actually is in the forums later. @Michael Van Hoose Go to work and hit F5 there instead. :P @Gabriel: Kickstarter take 5% of pledges (if successful). Amazon takes 3%-5% of a transfer depending on the size of the transfer. Dammit people, google up the DRM before complaining that you don't get everything and a cherry on top. hey rune, shut the fuck up about DRM, we're trying to bask in the glow of 3 big ones They sky is the limit!! More money means more content: A larger world, more items, more weapons, more enemies, more music, etc. pp.!! Paypal: $105,432 Kickstarter: $2,925,301 $3,030,733 and counting, 20 Minutes to go! If you don't have a credit card, then you can pledge using PayPal here: <url>"licensing tricks". Stop spreading FUD This is simply great. @Everyone: Let's just ignore Rune. He's either a troll or deficient. @Rune yep, just fine with that. It is common to have different OS's take different versions of the game. This is a stupid crusade, relax. 5% for kickstarter and 5% for amazon The wait for this game (1.5 years) is going to be torture :) I've had a blast following this from the start and never thought watching a pledge counter could be so exciting! Reading the comment board here and discussing the game on both the inXile and RPGCodex forums had been great. At least we'll still get tidbits throughout this long wait to wet our appetites for the return of a real TURN-BASED, PARTY-BASED, ISO, REAL C&C, TEXT HEAVY, OLD SCHOOL trip back into the wasteland!!!!! 5% @ Rune: You don't really seem to understand what DRM is. This is too awesome. Wait, Amazon and Kickstarter take 10% or 5% of the donations? Wish the Wasteland 2 team all the success with this project :). Anyone mention its also going to be an awesome community ? Ciao on the Wasteland forums guys and gals Nite ;). And as backers of the project you are fine with them sneaking DRM in through the back entrance in the final stretch, although they promised not to early on? Addendum: then again, while 50 $ seems too much, 25 $ for the T-shirt may not really leave enough for inXile to be worth it, but I stand by my statement that higher pledges should be able to get it all. @Oddball, yes but it would have been factored into the budget. @snakeoil: They ARE giving the backers any version they want. Just not ALL the versions. And because of this, these people are saying that 1) wah extortion I am being made to PAY more even if I am in a website that is NOT A STORE, and 2) wah DRM. @Pawel,sorry, didn't intend to do that @Rachel: Sorry, I assumed. :) Anyway, 61,110 people can look forward to being massacred by the Scorpitron 2.0, I'd say that's cause for celebration! Only 22 minutes left before we can all migrate to the forums where moderators will cull and relocate DRM / Multiple OS discussions to places I don't have to see! @ET3D - it's good for the game budget :p @Stefan. I wasn't talking about Rune. He's been commenting the same thing since... the other day or something, so quite used to it! Now if only there was just one. XD Oh well, live and let live. @Ilias Mastrogiorgos, that wasn't his point. You can disagree with him, but not by distorting his opinion. Also, I'm so happy with success of this Wasteland 2 Kickstarter project. <3 guys! Personally, I could buy the game again when it comes out for full price, just out of backing not only Wasteland 2, but for the whole genre (and the great people behind these games). @karl they did promise every penny goes to development, which is all that really counts to me. @ijusten Cool :) Guess the only problem is with 61000 backers, seems like some credit cards might bounce. @Erich: Fair enough, but, well. Trolls stick around if you feed them, otherwise they tend to disappear rather quickly! @Michael Van Hoose so you are right...dangit where's the Edit button :( since this is a new business model, it would be ok to give the backers any version they want. @Michael Van Hoose inXile mentioned they'd try to make a modkit at 3mil but it will still only be available after the game ships ET3D: You pay to support the project, not to get a game. You get the game as a gift in return. End of discussion, we're tired of it. @Ilmari Yeah, if the T-shirt were at 125 $ and T-shirt + poster + coin were at 175 $ and included in higher tiers I might have been able to juggle some more money to further up my pledge from 115 $ to 140 $ and without wanting to sound entitled I'd consider being able to get all of the above fairer to those pledging some series money per capita. Oh well... it is what it is. @Michael V H That's basically the gist of it :) Congrats everyone! Now we just have to wait for a year and a half.. :) Lol rune different os versions is drm? Guess what, every Mac program ever made doesn't run on windows or Linux. Does that mean they all have drm? No. Different systems need to be written for completely separately. For the record, I disapprove of charging for different os versions separately, but it's not drm, and it's their call. @Stefan: If only it was just one. I agree with Rune, there's no good reason to make people pay for different OS version separately. Just a thought Amazon takes 5%(150k), KickStarter takes 5%(150k) and lets say all the goodies that you get with the game cost 300k, does that mean that the budget will actually only be 2.4 million? Oh my god a dream come true Wasteland 2 :) @Rachel: Don't worry about him - don't let one troll ruin an exciting day like this. 27 minutes to go. :) @Bjarne /thread Matthew: That is correct. No one has promised anything except that it might be possible. @Ixitachitl Fair enough I do not see this as a big deal. The fact is developers should be paid for work they do. If you want a copy of a game on XBL and then want it on your new PS3... you gotta pay and pay you should. @Epsilon I don't think it was promised, I think he said it would take that much to make it a possibility for the mod tools. Although, I may have missed an update along the way so take my comment for what it's worth. (I hope there is a mod kit as well) Just woke up. 3mil! WHOO! @Rune , I have an original Wasteland copy back from those days and.......what ? I have to use DOS in order to play that ? But this the 2012 ! Hey I want my money back ! I think some people are confused about what kickstarter is. You are not buying anything. You are donating money and receive gifts in return. You can't then go and complain about the gifts because you are not entitled to anything. That feel when you don't like someone's comment and look at their activity in other boards... and realize that you really don't like them. I thought the mod tools were only going to be "possible" at $3m, not guaranteed. They sky is the limit!! More money means more content: A larger world, more items, more weapons, more enemies, more music, etc. pp.!! The pledges are coming in fast! Maybe we can hit 3,1 Million! Paypal: $105,432 Kickstarter: $2,923,381 $3,028,813 and counting, 30 Minutes to go! If you don't have a credit card, then you can pledge using PayPal here: <url>"arbitrary" however, we live in an era of digital post-scarcity, which means that once a content-creator has created something that can be digitized (music, book, game, movie, etc), that content can be replicated to near infinity at next to no cost. However, content-creators can't actually afford to stock groceries in their fridge if their one book/movie/game/song is copied and distributed to near infinity at next to no cost. So in order to make money (I'm not here suggesting that making money is the sole or even prime motivator of content-creators, just that even starving artists need to eat sometimes) in an era of digital post-scarcity, content creators need to charge an "arbitrary" amount for their content (since, once it's created, any non-zero amount is more or less "arbitrary"). That said, InXile saying, "Here is the price for two DRM free copies of the game." IN NO WAY indicates that they are including DRM in their game. If the copies of the game are in fact DRM free, all that it indicates is that there is no attempt at creating a barrier to your refusing to pay the price asked. In other words, InXile is free to set the price of the content they are producing, however, there is nothing stopping you from refusing to pay that price while enjoying the content anyway. Doing so, however, makes you kind of an asshole. Michael, Carl; you do know that the paypal-account has over 100 000? We're over 3 million already. ok, I'm in with 250 pledge! 25k extra Uhhay! Yet we have to think about the miss pledges and that sweet 5%of amazon... Its 150,000 that is not going to the game Oh no, Rune again. Whole argument is invalid because implies we are purchasers and not backers. @Epsilon Yes. Paypal at $105,432 atm @Rune Get back under your bridge, Troll. @Epsilon Yes. :) Attack Attack Attack Defend Defend Defend? How is the paypal going? @Rune: Remove youzr pledge then pirate the damn game. Shut up and stop whining pls. All we need is that tortured hearts spamming guy to round out the final hour lol @Nerdy Suit, I don't agree, that is being offered as an incentive for people to increase their pledge by a small amount of money. It worked in my case. I'd be annoyed if they used incentives to get me to pay more, and then changed their mind later. I'd feel deceived. If you want the extra goodies, increase your pledge, that's why they're called incentives. By all means offer the videos post-release, but those paying for them should be rewarded. Been following from day 2 with excitement! Finally managed to get off my ass and put in the 65$ for the box... Yay for Three million! Go go go! Fight Fight Fight Parry Parry Parry @Vadim: No, ignore him. Take it in the just as horrible forum thread. Passed 3 million including the paypal donations, does this mean theres going to be the promised mod tools that Brian Fargo talked about earlier? @Rune what are you trying to tell? That you dont like restrictions ? ok if they are smart enough the DRM could be really flexibly setup so every time you want to change an OS or Machine you will just need to deactivate game on 1 pc and activate it on another. DRM is a really awesome thing if you know how to set it up carefully. I truly think this will be a fine thing for W2 unless it harms the game itself. It will surly give an extra money income for Brian and Co so they will be able to make another great game next time... She's beautiful, and she glows. 1 Radioactive Angel appears at 40'. @Mike Romatowski - yeah, but that's a physical device. Software is just ones and zeros. Ones and zeros that someone had to make, and therefore owns and should get paid for, I totally agree, but to compare it to something that has to be manufactured doesn't ring true. Just doubled my pledge amount. C`mon 3 million!. Also thank you Brian for giving us the opportunity to help you create Wasteland 2 Please do not feed the trolls :P Quoting myself "@ rune WHARRGARBL" @Ilias Mastrogiorgos thx for the info :-) Just swapped credit cards and bumped my pledge from $50 to $100 Tier. Can't resist whatever miniature will be offered and the CE edition hehehe Also: WHARRGARBLL! Rune enough, it's the last 36 minutes and no one gives a damn right now about your DRM opinions, you just make yourself look foolish yelling into the wind about it while we are all celebrating. Take it to the forums and discuss it there so that your opinion is considered, but you have stated it here multiple times and there is no discussion of value left to be had. URAQT2LN Between Wasteland, The Bard's Tale and Ultima, that's my CRPG childhood right there. I bought my phone in black - but now, I want it in red! I have paid for it. It is right there. Why can't I have the red one now? What do you mean I need to sell the black one and then pay for a new red one? That is insane! @peshk, I'm afraid there's no info about that I hope it will be enough to cover the chunk Amazon and Kickstarter takes out of this... They sky is the limit!! More money means more content: A larger world, more items, more weapons, more enemies, more music, etc. pp.!! The pledges are coming in fast! Maybe we can hit 3.1 Million! Paypal: $104,927 Kickstarter: $2,919,469 $3,024,396 and counting, 37 Minutes to go! If you don't have a credit card, then you can pledge using PayPal here: <url>"this "Linux, Windows, MacOS X, pick ONE" business is pretty damn arbitrary. I mean, I have the game, lets say I picked Windows, why can't I play it on Linux? There's a perfectly fine Linux right over there! It's working! It's funded! Whaddya mean, I have to buy a whole new copy? It makes no sense! Now I got a Macbook (hey, they're sexy), why can't I play my game on that? Again, there's a Mac version! The developers were paid, in full! I paid, in full! What's the point of the restriction? What if instead of splitting the copies by OS, they'd split them by something else? Lets say, graphics cards. AMD or nVidia, pick one. Writing graphics code isn't easy, y'know, and each of those expose different extensions. And you'd obviously have to test on each one. Makes absolute sense. Well, no, it's a completely arbitrary dichotomy and you'd be rightly outraged." Quoting myself: "Restricting the users choice of Operating System *through magic licensing tricks* _is_ Digital Restrictions Management!" @bernardo red boots of + 2 to kicking @Bernardo: I bet there would be! @Ilmari: lmfao that link. Losing paint on the F5 button... Hey everyone, link and hashtag the hell out of this on Twitter, lets get it trending. #wasteland @Rune: I understand your point, somewhat. But if you call that DRM then if a candy shop doesn't give you candy as long as you don't pay is DRM as well. At least according to your definition @ twincast, I would hope to get BOTH the T-Shirt plus poster and collectible somehow, but oh well... Whoa 61k backers!! @Rachel Ok, I'm calm now. But I hope there will be a lot of kicking in Wasteland 2... Trailer for Wasteland 2 finally released: <url>"Project Home" page. (Of course, both Brian and Chris apparently stayed up all night pressing F5 just like the rest of us...) @Michal: The mod kit is already secure. There's over $100,000 in Paypal donations as well! @Rachel That's it Rachel! Kick him now! Okay, I'll stop drinking coffee. Robert Ellis: Seconded -- WHARRGARBLLL, Rune! : ) @charles Ha, have to love your optimism!! This is awesome. Almost 3 millions. Just 80k more in 45 minutes people. :P I'd donate 10k if I could, but $50 will have to do. What time did the party end? I went to bed about 8 hours ago. 82k to go in 42 minutes... Damn I want that mod kit! Michael: The wrap up party was a couple of hours ago since it's now like 5 AM in CA @Rune: Digital RESTRICTIONS Management doesn't make sense. It is Digital RIGHTS Management. There is no 'depends on your view' for the terminology. Anyway, a lot of other people have tried to explain to you numerous times that having different versions of a software for different operating system is NOT DRM, so I won't go into that anymore. @Robert, Mike, Rune Come one guys! I want to see a last big fight here before it's all finished. Show me some blood! I agree with previous comments about how the video dev blog should be available to all backers, including those in the $15 category. Not only is this the right thing to do; it's also the smartest thing to do -- You want hype around Wasteland 2. These videos would build that hype with those that supported you. Now, you've blocked access to your hype-video-machine to your largest supporting base of nearly 33k people. That's 33k that won't see the awesomeness of the Wasteland 2 development and then spread it to their friends...at least, until the videos inevitably find their way to youtube. Oh well...I can't wait for the awesome game! What happend to the wrapup party, are they seriusly not around for the 3 million mark. :O @ Rachel Teng: I don't know him personally, but I agree, he does seem like an all around great guy! Just went from $15 to $50. Been bugging me all night about passing on a cloth map. :P Oooh, just woke up! 3 mil, great news! :D Rune still does not even seem to know what DRM is and what DRM even stand for. Just totally ignore him and let embarrass himself. @mike rune just redefines DRM to be anything that doesn't suit his dickish sense of entitlement. Looks like Fargo has thought this out. I'm hoping other talent pools take advantage of Kickstarter to make more great games. $50 donated, and I'm looking forward to reliving a part of my childhood. Will the novella(s) from M. Stackpole only be accessible here? I'm confused about that. I know that they're basically at $3Mil already (taking PayPal into account) but it'd be awesome to see them reach that number just on Kickstarter. I guess it will take a few days for me to stop hitting F5 every 2 minutes. And I also should look for a new starting page for my firefox.. final push for 4 million. We can do this folks!!! @Tanglebones: Mr. Fargo really sounds like a great guy. @Rune: Please quote where inxile hinted at DLC. I can't find anything. Either I am blind or you have a vivid imagination. ^^ @Donnie True. And cup noodles are a delicacy if you add in some tabasco. :) 165$ now! I NEED THAT T-SHIRT!!! @ rune WHARRGARBLLL Depends on your view. isnt that Digital Rights Management not Restrictions:) @Cathy Dekker - Thanks :) and agreed. Well he promised to waer em if we broke 3 mil. :) This song contains the lyric, "Stuck in my fifty pound red boots" ... it's from an album I've loved forever, but this song has taken on a slightly different significance for me since I started backing WL2. <url>#13). Restricting the users choice of Operating System *through magic licensing tricks* _is_ Digital Restrictions Management! I had hoped for an update about this issue in the stretch, but without it, I can not in good concience raise my pledge. Hopefully the issue will be adressed down the road, so I'm not backing out. Thanks you guys for explaining it to me Finally decided to back this project with $30. Thanks for offering the concept art book for the $30 reward tier. Good luck with the development! So W2 is starting to be old news what about Wasteland 3. Bethesda? (Sorry I couldn't help myself!) Seriously this is fantastic, need to hook up my old C64 to replay the first one. There's a place for CE at my shelve waiting:) Edit: Could not * /salute! @teppo, wasteland 2 is more important thane eating anyway Great job you guys!! Landsharks, lentils, red boots aficionados and other! Was supposed to sleep 4 hours ago, but i could sleep. Totally worth it to hit 3mill! :) I guess anything possible if game publishers don't play games. @ Robert Ellis: That took less time than I thought. Here it is: <url>`s time to take my 10000 back. Looks like the site is starting to take a hit a large amount of traffic perhaps? i am going to miss this place... @tanglebones that can't be true. @Karambini - 'Seeing red' means you're getting angry/enraged. So when the publisher asks if Brian's seeing red as in red boots in the game, Brian's reply of 'I'm definitely seeing red'isn't actually an agreement, it's an indication he's getting angry at the publisher for wasting his time. At what funding level do we get the DLC with the red boots and the slingshot that fires birds? @Karambini: Brian said that everything in the video is based on things that happened to him while touzring the publishers. So it might be exaggerated, but I can readily believe that some publisher wanted to talk to him about the color or style of the graphic instead of the actual content of the game I hope Brian is wearing socks by now. @Lathorp Good analysis. $2M is enough capital to start development. They have enough of an investment to borrow more if needed. Remember, they'll actually make money from game sales after it is released. @ Karambini: Brian apparently actually had an interaction with a publisher who was more interested in talking about how the game had to include large red boots than in the content of the game Brian was pitching. How about micro transactions? Like, for buying stuff and unlocking areas in the game! Doesn't that sound cool?? I'm from Big Ass Games btw searching for my pants,before the apocalypse @Alex Laird: Don't be sad, it's not an end, it's a beginning. They sky is the limit!! More money means more content: A larger world, more items, more weapons, more enemies, more music, etc. pp.!! The pledges are coming in fast! Maybe we can hit 3.1 Million! Paypal: $104,127 Kickstarter: $2,912,993 $3,017,120 and counting, 60 Minutes to go! If you don't have a credit card, then you can pledge using PayPal here: <url>ín - I know about the video, but I didn't understand the joke in the video. Is it a reference to something or is Brian simply portraying something overly absurd that a publisher would want to implement in the game (red boots)? We need $125K to hit PI! Come on! The cash over 3mil will be used to implement a DRM system that prevents you from playing a used copy. Sorry, Karambini @Karambine Look the first video on the project home page socks! Rachel Teng 2 minutes ago "I'm back, I'm back, omg it hit 3M! You are the best crowd." That's such a great quote, fellow landshark! :D With Paypal ($103,982) we're already over 3 million. Great job people! I didnt get the joke about red, or about the red boots. Can someone explain it to me? SO CLOSE TO 3 MILLION! Keep going guys we can get there! Prediction if linear roughly 924 000, probably a lot will up it a bit more during the last hour so my guess is 932 000 @Pablo and I'm sure Zombie DLC would be a hit! kill the publisher DLC And the cash keeps flowing in! Congratz to the team! I will be looking forward to finally be able to play an old school rpg. These days too many games are made for the mainstream. Greetz from Belgium! It'll be tough to figure. DFA wound up with $3,446,371 as a baseline and just short of 3.1 after fees from Amazon, Paypal, and Kickstarter. They hired an outside party for shipping and handling of the rewards, which amounted to just over 473,000. They were also making a documentary with 2 Player, which took a cut of just under 400,000. Also, I believe around 2000 dollars in failed transactions (not bad). So the pure budget for the DFA game is $2,232,465 after all deductions. Not bad. It's impossible to tell for inXile because we don't know how much the prizes will cost. Some of them seem like they'd be more and some seem like they'd be cheap. But we can take out what we know. Five percent for Kickstarter and five percent for Amazon. Basically 10 percent off the top and then some for Paypal too. Rough guess, say we end up with 2.7 million after all the second parties take their fees. We have roughly 70 percent as many backers as DFA (PS - We definitely gave more per backer than with DFA). Just taking their numbers, it would be a bit over 300,000 for bonus costs. The problem is I don't know if they'll have that done by an outside party or if it'll be comparable in costs per backer. I'm willing to bet the shipping/gifts/fulfillment costs will fall between 300 and 400 thousand. InXile doesn't have a documentary so that cost won't be taken out but they may have some other cost involved like the figurines which will be hard to approximate. And then you need to take in failed transactions. Personally, I think Wasteland 2 will fall at about the same place as DFA for money set aside for the game itself...about 2.2 million. That would make the most sense. At the very least, it will be 2 million minimum. @Charles R I rather have the shiny vampires DLC. I want to kill those bastards ;-). I want to buy Wasteland Sunglasses with red tinted glass. "Do you see red?" "Yes I'm seeing red alright!" I'm back, I'm back, omg it hit 3M! You are the best crowd. Свободу разработчикам! Долой издательскую тиранию! Отрадно видеть подобные инициативы в наше время вырождающегося игропрома, с его глянцевыми и примитивными одноразовыми поделками. Надеюсь, у Брайана все получится и он, помимо всего прочего, заставит издателей пожалеть о том, что они упустили свой шанс. Спасибо Брайану, в очередной раз доказавшему, что разработчик может быть независимым и спасибо всем, кто его поддержал :) Pantsless Landsharks! MOAR Lentils! Do you think we'll get Ranger Outfits DLC? Not too expensive I hope, I'd buy Red Boots DLC for 400 InXile points. I went to 55 for the beta access. I know not having it would be something I regretted later Brian should be defiantly writing an article just now to post it here as 14th update, and maybe Andree is drawing some another awesome ART :) @Konstantin Zhukov: It will not be first person. It is an RPG with strategy elements... What you suggesr would be like have Starcraft in first person.... it just won't work. :) Just upped my pledge at the last minute(s), because I'm crazy like that. Grats everybody. Here's to Wasteland 2! @ Vadim, actually if there is a problem with the card KS gives you a 7 days period to resolve any problems Damn it, I woke up in positive mood today, so upped my pledge. For the good of all of us, except the ones who made game industry the crap it curently is. @ET3D, I know right, I hope there a dancing mini game too.... Had random thought about the amazing times I had with the original. Upped my pledge to $55. If not for my physical address not being stable, i would have gone for the boxed copy. @Vadim - they give you a week to sort it out if the initial payment attempt fails. @mcasteelen, Kinect version? That would be awesome! Hah. Now he's sold his soul to the Internets Hey dont forget that in 80 minutes you should have the pledged amount of money on your credit card otherwise it will not be funded @Konstantin Zhukov Like Crysis 3. Hell yeah! @Konstantin Zhukov, don't forget motion control:) @ Erich Lichnock: Kickstarter places limits on the maximum possible amount it will allow a person to pledge. Some Kickstarters (Doublefine and Leisure Suit Larry for sure, maybe others) allowed people who wanted to pledge more to do so via an external site. I know that there have been rumours about some Uncle Pennybags offering InXile money outside of Kickstarter, but I don't know that they're true. I'd assume that's what the folk were meaning by "premium" backer. @Fishos: Exactly. For very large sums. Even if some payments fail, i think the Mod Kit is save. We should end up at something like 50k to 80k over 3 millions. And I dont think Brian would say they can't do the Mod Kit if we actually do end up a couple of Ks short of the goal After some failed payments. 3m. Yay! Yay! Yay! Wohoo! :) The game will be real-time and first person view now!! Grats to everybody! :) @wintersong I'm more worried about people dropping their pledges cause we hit the goal... @Charles R: I do not now. I'm sure it will be announced in 81 Minutes though. :) Premium backers simply means some super wealthy person personally approached Brian Fargo and handed him over the money... I think. @TangleBones: (About the "It's entirely possible that the "special credits" section of WL2 will be bigger than the entire first game" (784kB)). Unlikely if you estimate only the text data (Let's say a relatively high value of ~30 bytes on average for a name and another ~30 for good measure for possible location/country info), it comes to about 60*8000 ~= 470kB. But if there's something else in there (Fonts, pictures or something similar) it'll easily go over 784kB. So probably not if there's only text, but otherwise possibly or probably yes. the party stream: <url>"harvest" all that money. Keep that in mind just in case, ok? :p 8stream Oh and where is the live steam of the party? Any link? @Charles R That would make him a premium backer. A Premium backer wouldn't pledge on Kickstarter. Point is we don't need rich guys... We make our own funding decisions. Dmitry's comment translated I guess Brian's not going to read through all these comments, but maybe he'll see this. I just wanted to thank him for giving me hope my childhood dream will come true. I'm a huge fan of RPG and postapocalyptic settings, and as for W2 - I hope it's going to be a masterpiece. Thanks, Brian! I'm very happy that Russian translation is announced (is it, btw?), Russian community is with you Brian (it is, indeed), it's going to be a great game! High five! Держи пять. landsharks ho!!!!!! What a great thing to wake up to!! Where is the Woz when you need him? Come on Woz, pledge half a mil man! So what do you think will be left after kickstarter/amazon/gifts. I think about 2.5M Thanks to the turtles. We couldn't have done it without the turtles. @Fishos, who knows, but it will hopefully cover anybody that doesn't follow through on their pledge. So do we get to go to Mars in this one or what? 90 minutes to go and we already made our final goal! How much further will we get in these 90 minutes?!?! i didnt think we would hit 3 million. I was wrong,over 3 mill WOW !!! History being made. YEEEEESSSSS! We did it, we all made it. Thanks to Brian who believed in this and thanks for you guys backing this one. Amazing. This is like the old days. No Publishers pushing the creative mind. Make this one great and the gaming industry might change to the better.THX! I just figured that the number of people at or above the $100 pledge point is 7874, while the size of the original WL on my HD is 784kB. It's entirely possible that the "special credits" section of WL2 will be bigger than the entire first game. @Eng Shawn, just saying thx to Braian :D Pledged another $30 for a friend... @Dmitry English ? Absolutely brilliant, congrats to Brian Fargo and the rest of the team. Really looking forward to it. @ Amanda L Need to do it off my 2nd card since the other one hasn't enough funds to cover for 2nd pledge i want :P WOW SPAMMER YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES A dwarf, who as a mystic, escaped from jail. The call went out that there was a small medium at large. We did it! 3+ mio dollars collected for a classic, turn-based, 2d post-apocalyptic RPG. Just awesome! I really believe that Tim Schafer and Brian Fargo have made the 1st steps in nudging the games industry into a new, better direction. Thanks to everyone supporting this and my best wishes to the dev team. They sky is the limit!! More money means more content: A larger world, more items, more weapons, more enemies, more music, etc. pp.!! The pledges are coming fast! Maybe we can hit 3.1 Million! Paypal: $102,847 Kickstarter: $2,905,128 $3,007,975 and counting! If you don't have a credit card, then you can donate using PayPal here: <url>Наверное Брайан не будет читать так много комментариев, но вдруг увидит. Хотел сказать спасибо за надежду на мечту детства, я фанат рпг и поапокалипсиса, а Вейстленд 2, надеюсь, будет шедевром. Спасибо тебе, Брайан! И я очень рад что поддержку русского языка объявили оффициально, русское комьюнити с тобой Брайан, это будет мировая игра! Держи пять. $3 M with KS and PP combined! Awww yeaaaah! ouch I meant spearheaded lol my english is suffering from all the excitement @thomas you are a generous person! I thank you as a fan of this game. Ill look for your npc in game! This is like counting down to New Year. Only better. I'd love to see the original wasteland get modded into WL2. That'll be a great service to all the new players too! It'll be like the days of Infinity and WEIDU again $3kk and 118 minutes to go, yeah! Last two hours. Congrats inXile, now lets see a great game out of this! pledge on kick and paypal. lol Just under two hours... @Charles R, yes it does doesn't it ? Yeah. This will be such a great day for RPGs if we hit 3 million in Kickstarter alone. And with the Wasteland 2 title to boot. :) Come on, let's make games real again! Is it possible to get the 150$ Shirt Reward + Poster and coin collectibles somehow? One great thing is that this project has gotten the industry's attention. I dream of a new golden era of cRPGs, head speared by small to mid-sized game studios. And look how Legend of Grimrock is kicking ass right now. I was wrong... I thought that cap'll be at 2.75. It's nice to be wrong ) 3 ляма, вууухуууууу есть, Крис держись ) ну и мод кит и вся фигня, отлично, Брайан зажигай! just upped my pledge to 250, hope you can make it too 3 mil, best of luck! Quick question, is it possible to get the standard edition signed, since I'd much rather open up the collectors edition for all the cool stuff inside? I am so ready to mod this @Nigel Lau, exactly my point. If this game is successful, maybe the bigger game companies won't forget the more niche audiences anymore. There is money in hardcore games. But i hope they don't stay too hardcore and at least upgrade the graphics and sound a bit.... and ad motion control... With the mod kit we can enjoy also the first Wasteland. If only i still had that large Life insurance policy on myself... my building has alot of stairs... They sky is the limit!! More money means more content: A larger world, more items, more weapons, more enemies, more music, etc. pp.!! Paypal: $102,272 Kickstarter: $2,901,603 $3,003,875 an counting! If you don't have a credit card, then you can donate using PayPal here: <url>~$47/Backer this could mean about $58.000 less. Oh hey, we hit the 3 million goal!~ Whoo! Modding support! (For those that don't know, the paypal donations is totaling over $100k. So, hence 3 million goal reached) Couldn't resist anymore, after I'd heard of the $30 upgrades. I have to admit I, I know more about Fallout 1 &2, then the original Wasteland, but I've always been a firm supporter of Brian Fargo & Interplay (ever since they acquired the Star Trek IP). Hope you guys pass the $3m barrier and perhaps also get a chance to beat Schaefer, thus making RPGs > Adventures. I don't think fps counts as casual, brah. hoping for some miracle to happen that will bring us to 3m at kickstarter only! @Nigel Lau - Just look at Demon's Souls and Dark Souls recent success I hope they reach 3 Million, I just pledged 115$ :) @ Vorish, 3 million already achieved with paypal payments. @mcasteelen There's too many games catering for the casual crowd right now (looking at you consoles). KS like this allow games to be made for the more niche audiences - there is a demand.... 100.000$ left :D I think KS will make it to 3M . We have more than 2h to go ! @Thomas: Hats off, sir. Around 2% of transactions won't go through. Keep pledging! Yay!!! I smell a mod kit after release :D can't wait to see what the community can do with the game after its released :D 8th person - The viewpoint of your father's brother's nephew's cousin's former roommate? Congratulations as now Brian Fargo can get some socks. Now if only some high rollers can come in to take us way over the mark where we'll still have 3m for development after all the royalties/rewards/tax has been removed. That would be joyous Because it's gonna be sitting there just shy of 3 million! Wow we are at 3m counting Paypal ! Which Crown? The Dark Knight style? XDDD Doing my own little happy dance here! This game is going to be AWESOME. 30 -> $1000 tier. Just made it possible. Lets see this game be the best it possibly can be! I would kill to see the KS funding get to 3 mil, it's gonna bug me if it falls short 3m already? Wow! Now little more and we reach Pi millions, just a little more! :D Congratulations, everybody! Awesome! But we need more padding for the potential botched transactions. Great ! Now a few more dollars for the WL2 team to buy some Champagne ! ^^ @Charle What a frightening thought! lol It's not bad to like casual games, i like halo single or coop play, and did enjoy fallout 3 and vegas (but it wasnt fallout). but the problem is there are apparently more casual gamers than hardcore gamers, who require a game with more depth and control options. So the money is in casual gamers, and therefore the market is flooded with relative simple games with not much depth. The same is happening with the movie industry, i mean seriously, GI joe 2?? ninja turtles are aliens?? Dump it down with a lot of explosions so it would make a good trailer and sell better, and ad 3D (equivalent of motion control in games) that ad absolutely no extra value to the movie what so ever. What I'm trying to say is, bring back a healthy balance between the amount of casual and hardcore games. @vamp1r0 Yeah, my mistake. ^^ We were $1000 over and not $1000 behind $3,000,000. I was so excited, that I miscalculated ^^ Push it past 3M! The more they get the better the game we get! Keep spreading the word! no paypal = 101K Breaking: InXile acquired by EA. Wasteland 2 set to be a AAA fast action-paced FPS! This user's account has been deleted. Mike, you mean -$1000 left. ;) I prefer 8th person shooters. CLOWN SUIT SND SOCKS @Charles R over everyones dead body :P @Mike Huebner check your math, man :) We've already passed 3m mark! yay! Wow, impressive. 2 898+102 = 3 000 ;D Regenerating health and Kinect support at $3.1 million! wow chines friend not sleeping:) YES!!!! $3,000,000!!! We now have mod support + Brian Fargo will put on his clown suit for Chris Avellone. ^^ *smiles obscenely* Paypal: $102,197 Kickstarter: $2,898,915 Only about $1,000 left!!!! :D @Lathrop - Can you imagine if every single person pulled out at the very last hour, leaving a couple of dollars! LOL 3M！见证历史！！祝贺&祝福~ 废土2团队加油~~ 有种"老款单机游戏要借KickStarter模式复生"的意味，很激动><<< yooo-hoooooo Okay, 3 million, done. Now it can be a FPS ;-) All is true. With the usb ports so many console games should have better controls. And your original post didn't imply they weren't gamers anyways. Brian Fargo and Chris Avellone in twitter: <url>#16/e=1f7176 List of active polls: <url>"allez!" at my screen. I think that if Wasteland 2 got 10 cents for each time someone reload this page they would be close to a 3 billion figure... Last $1000 !!!! We're down to the last $1000 now... 6k left! I think I'm gonna cancel my Diablo 3 preorder $1168! Actually I feel more like waiting for the Kingdom Come.And then go to the Wasteland : ) 3 mil is nice 'n pretty, but it's not like it's a hard milestone. FO3 ending was what finally ruined the game for me. Unbelievable. It's like someone at Bethesda pulled the finale out of their ass while taking a shit at work. @$1492!!!!! I used to eat no lentils like you but then i took a wasteland 2 in the wallet. It's like waiting for New Year's Day!!!! @Rakete you have a year to upgrade your PC ^^ Don't get me wrong, I love the original Fallout games and I didn't like FO3, but not because it was an FPS but because the lousy history. I liked New vegas a lot, and I liked as well it to be in FPS (I also use some mods to be more realistic, losing some RPG elements) but in the end, for me Good History >>>> Any tipe of gameplay. If FO3 had a better history it woulb be a great game, independent if it is turn base or FPS; Ok, for everybody who were waiting for the right moment to pledge... That moment is now! @Rakete - welcome at the eleventeenth hour! $2032 @Pikiou, console gamer are gamers. Just wanted to point that out. @$2199 here $2024! could finally not resist entering...hopefully the game will run on my crappy (non-gaming) PC.. Let's do it!!!!! Little more than 2K. Stay on target! Staaay on taaaarget! Pages back in sync: $2334 to go. :) I finally pledged :p oh well. lets see how it goes. @Ilmari Suominen - I didn't notice anything... @Andrew , the forum page has a small delay for refreshing ! @Karambini yeah it's because of consoles, but the thing is : FPS ARE NOT MEANT TO BE PLAYED WITH A PAD... Unfortunately, publishers ain't gamers, so they do stupid things just for the love of money ( and console players follow ). 2574$ left I think, the widget messes up every now and again.', Don't, panic.' No, really, did the cash amount just drop significantly? I used to eat food... now I eat Ranger medals $2627 Last $2500 to GO GO GO Well, it's either $7519 or $2627 to go, depending on which page you believe. I used to pledge Wasteland 2.... then I took a bankrupt to the account. who dafuq dropped their pledge??? wooo. not long now to 3 million! I wish the live stream is live! Wait, the pages are showing different totals. O_o Heck... I played Outcast with a force feedback joystick! I'm glad ea or ubisoft refused the project, Imagine if they did. (board meeting): "hey, you know what would be great? What if we put some sort of motion control in the game, that would be really awesome and cool!" The horror........ I used to play driving games with a joystick... Nooooooooooo.... . $8063 @3162 *right click* *reload* I just click the refresh button. My F5 thanks me. My mouse curses me in my sleep. Just upscaled from 50$ to... 150 ! $3482 So many F5 keypresses around the world! 102,000 (rounding up from 101,800+) + 2894000-ish = 2,996,000 ish. So not quite yet. COME ON WE CAN DO THIS ARRRGGHHHHH We have 2h30m left ! About Van Buren: It's really a shame that it got canceled, especially with how much had been completed. Characters, story, levels, etc. Come on! Nearly there! @$4142 @Karambini Im sure theres an App for that. lol $2995743 $4257 to go 2,893,791 + 101,847 = $2,995,638 $4362 more! @Sean. No, we are already counting that @mcasteelen - The reason most of these fantastic franchises get turned into FPS's is so they can be incorporated into consoles. You wouldnt play an isometric game with a console controller would you? It's like playing street fighter with a phone $4347 to go! Paypal: $101,847 Kickstarter: $2,893,706 Only about $4,500 left!!!! :D went to $250 level =P you only live once I guess, been eyeing it for so long just rolled with it, now to not do this on like every other game on KS right now =P heres to hoping you hit 3mil grats guys cant wait to see it in action I just upgraded a little bit my pledge let's hope we hit the $3 Mil !! Guys its already over 3 million when you count this <url>"I remember it well, the day that fallout 3 van buuren project got canceled, i was like what the F??" @mcasteelen: I remeber that day too. I was like WTF!!!! No way! A few years later Bethesda released that crap they like to call "Fallout 3". What a terrible Fallout. But New Vegas was pretty good (obviously, it was developed @ Obsidian. Chris Avellone worked on it too.) :) $6500~~! I like FPS games; What's the problem? This hipster thing to say that FPS is only for casual games, and that's a retrocesse to the industry... Common guys, that's no problem with the FPS genre, the problem is ALL games turning into it, but it's a lot of fun. @Pikiou - To me it's an FPS with RPG elements more than the other way around Well, as it is obvious now you'll hit 3M in time, let me congratulate you as I got to head for a lecture. I thought FO3 just a mod of TES4 Righto, time to go out. I'll be back just before the project ends. Good luck everyone! Here's hoping we break $3 Million! So including paypal we are about 8k short... Should be possible... Well sure thing is that I didn't have to think of anything to back this baby : ) @mcasteelen yeah like q3, tribes, swat or arma are casual games... Not all fps are like CoD. And F3 ain't a real FPS. Давай ребзя, тащииииииииии!!! @deVoid, I think that would guarantee Wasteland 3. Yes, it is good to have a game with depth, that actually makes you think before you do something Man the look on Todd Howard's face when Wasteland 2 outsells Fallout 3...5 to 1 priceless. For everything else there is my mastercard. Brandon, same here in Phoenix. I've come too far not to see us make it, damnit!! 7000 Dollars ! I remember it well, the day that fallout 3 van buuren project got canceled, i was like what the F?? Why is the sequel for one of the few and best NON magical tuned based RPG canceled? Then finally fallout 3 came out and i was again like what the F?? why is fallout 3 a shooter, why not turned based top down??? what happened to humanity? Did we all d-evolve into casual gamers that like games that require no thinking what so ever? Glad I was proven wrong:) Dammit, it's 2:17 AM here in L.A. Can't sleep until I see it cross the 3mil mark 8000 dollars! $101,477. Just $7394 to go. Russell Lim, $101,462 and all is 2,992,606 <url>"Throw to the eyes, Bubu. TO THE EYES" I really have to start saving money in case Baldur's Gate III or Planescape Torment 2 shows up to the kickstarter party, I think I would just start throwing money at my screen ^^ Noooo it's slowing down ! And what about plasma rifles, to make foes melting *____* Cmooooon 3 mill! I get melancholic whenever an exciting kickstarter ends. 9k more guys! Ok, ok, I upped my pledge from $15 to $30 mostly for the dev blog vids. (oh, and the game!) Yeah, that as well !!! We're on a roll!!! C'mon everyone!!! @Alex: You won't have to miss us. There will be a backer only Forum!! :D @Charles: Yeah burst mode was a kick in the ass, remember that moment too And I'm gonna miss the frequent refreshing of this site. Oh, so refreshing... Glad I was able to upgrade from measly $15 entry to $100 as I just landed a new job after about a month of unemployment. Good timing :) Well I'm not leaving this comment page until the game shows up ! Don't be sorry for pledging your money...every little bit helps!! Thanks! It's so cool to give back to ex-Interplay / Black Isle. I remember fondly when I first used burst mode on Ian in Fallout 1. I was like: 8| did I just see his rib cage??? Ah the memories. Now now... you shouldn't miss us... One shot, one kill. Pledged 30 dollars. Sorry wanted to give more but money isnt my strongest point atm. I look forward to wasteland 2! Greeting from Belgium/Europe! @ Charles & Hellion : Je donnerais 200$ si je pouvais mais je suis étudiant^^ Long life to Wasteland ! Oh what the hell! I just upped my pledge from the $50 reward to the $100 reward. Whacked it on the credit card. I get my bonus end of the month so just pay it off then! Collectors Edition! Mwah-ha-ha-ha-ha! Cannot wait for this game! lol you guys are great, I'm gonna miss this little comment community With paypal: 2.990.622 App. $9000 left. And my Toaster Repair Handbook. @Erich, I suspect that there's a fair few sitting on the sidelines for the last push. With 60k backers, that works out to an average of about 17 cents or so per backer. You're not going to get everybody, but it should be doable. And that doesn't even factor in people that have yet to pledge deciding to go in on it. last 10K! @Stefan Oh yeah... And my Pulse Rifle Just upped my pledge from $15 to $50. Would like to do more but I'm just a college student. Let's go 3 million! waiting for the fresh ART to comeup Paypal: $101,002 Kickstarter: $2,888,910 Only about $10,000 left!!!! :p I'd lend my beard... but I'm sorta attached to it. And my axe. I love that 60,385 people from across the world have collectively told Brian Fargo to shut up and take our money. That's pure Internet love right there. Pledges slowed down in the last hour. C'mon guys, it's so close.... @Etienne Ou mieux, à 150$ pour le poster ou le t-shirt On sera pas nombreux a l'avoir en France ;-) and my bow I wish i was single and with no kid for 3 hours...so i could pledge my salary :D @Alex And my bow. @Alex You got my sword. @Etienne, allez, fais comme moi et passe à 115 dollars, la boîte collector vaudra beaucoup à l'avenir! J'y vois un investissement :) I bet Brian and Chris are doing the chicken dance. ^^ <url>"I love you" like a copy of wasteland 2! Well it's been a really exciting night everyone. Have to go to sleep finally as it's almost 4am, but can't wait to see what the final dollar amount ends up being when I get up. I'm positive we'll hit the $3 million mark! See you all on the forums. Alex tell her it's her birthday present. Ummm...for next year.... 8) I would up my $155 plege to $250 but the gf would kill me :/ @Shane , I believe it can reach $3,1M ! We're gonna make it. :) @Justin : Haha, Great! :D Are we gonna make it? Never mind, I misread the 55 as a 65 But still, right on! Just updated from 55$ to 70$, greetings from France ;-) @Vassilis: Right on, my outside the US pledging $65 to get the $50 reward friend! Just upped from $30 to $55. Less than $11000 left :D ok fixed :) <url>~$13K to go~~ Paypal: $100,747 Kickstarter: $2,886,263 $13,000 left!!!! :D And we're now on the race to 2,887,000! $14,000 to go. Stay on target... stay on target! Just upped my pledge from $65 to $90, for the $75 tier. Make me proud! <3 @Robert McGovern I also went for the $30 pledge. Honestly, it was the exclusive ranger portrait collection and the exclusive video development blogs that made the $30 worth it for me. I have a feeling that non-backers wouldn't be able to get that content, even if the game has a GOTY version. @X Yes, of course. ah, right, i always forget the paypal side too . . When the kickstarter campaign is over, can Brian Fargo show us his unique and quirky skill? ;) There will be non-steam (DRM-free) downloads as well. No save the steam discussion (again) for after 3M! We are on a mission! man this is cutting it close heh @ inXile Entertainment Last time i looked Steam is actually a DRM ;). Just upped my pledge from the $30 to the $50. But as I'm in the UK it meant going to $65. There's just something very alluring about getting a large, old-school boxed copy of the game with the map and big instruction book! Rock on! Time to install Fallout 1 from my GOG.com account! $14.000 dollars left, then we hit 3 MILLION!!! :D @Robert McGovern Wait, what access do you mean? It's been confirmed(at 1.5kk checkpoint) that there will be pc versions for all major oses, including win, mac and linux. Парни ну-ка вкиньте по русски 50К зелени.....:) I only went for $30. I want to read the episodic novella by Michael, but not $25 worth though and Beta access holds no appeal. I test enough other stuff :) I am with others in a little disappointment that they aren't going with having access to all platforms (PC, LINUX AND Mac) like other Kickstarters or the Humble Bundles but they have come partway by offering two copies for $30 Конечно! two and a half hours left and the rate is around 10k per hour. I should say we are pretty safe at 3kk combined but, sadly, no pure kickstarter's 3kk get here. Unless some miracle happens. @Mike Huebner - Yes but I mean in the form of a pledge through kickstarter, so he could have an exclusive reward tier to himself with... I don't know... Wasteland ****? WE NEED 15K EVERYONE GO TO YOUR FRIENDS WHO HAVE CREDIT CARDS AND SPAM I SAY SPAMMMMMM Йоу! добъём до 3 млн! @Karambini: Brian Fargo has already invested some of his personal money in this game. He had at least 1 person (that I know of) working on this game for like a year or something. The idea that the survival pack would be full of lentils made me choke laughing hahaha I just put on a celebratory pot of coffee in our office kitchen. I'd go with champagne, but, well. We only drink alcohol at the office on fridays. just doubled to doomsday preparation level...loved fallout 1 &2, Baldurs Gate Saga, and Planscape Torment....time to sleep hope it climbs to 3mill+ ~$15000 to GO @ Karambini. He could invite 10 of his friends to his own party. 8) Along with paypal, we're roughly $15,000 away from the 3 Million mark! Come on! Lentils and the adoration of 60k backers. I just upped my pledge to get the t-shirt! :-) What if Brian Fargo had pitched those 100k he said he would, had the project come short, what would his reward had been?... I wonder if we have any premium backers like Double Fine had. From Russia with love! I belive in Brian Fargo :) It's gonna happen! $3 million and mod kits for all! So awesome. Can't wait. I hope the 10k pledger is not a troll :/ maybe he just change a credit card. XD @Stahlseele: Don't worry. There's $100,000 in Paypal donations as well. Wonder if the gux who was willing to pitch in with 100k would be willing to pitch in with 100k to make this game reach the 3 million mark too . . Don't you wanna see Brian Fargo in his clown costume, Mr. 10K pledger? People be going crazy up in here. @Ryan Think wasteland 2 as your spiritual food so, it still counts as you monthly food budget :P The 10K one is back What the hell, we just went DOWN like $10.000 for a few secs. OMG lol. Scaaaaary stuff ^^ I see that backing too, oops @Ilias, I think I saw something about him liking the idea, but being tied up in projects at the moment, but I'd have to check. I think it was on RPS a week or three ago. No we didnt Someone retracted a $10,000 pledge that got put up a short while ago. ~_~ *does some back of the envelope calculations* Gonna guess that this project's gonna raise around 3030K when all is said and done. Maybe even as high as 3040K if there is even a bigger last minute run of pledges. Yeah saw it too :( did we just lost 10k backer? A short break later, and we're at 17k to go. Excitement... overwhelming! Hey guys, did Chris A. told anything about a Planescape sequel ? @Joel, you get a week to be able to smooth over any credit card/funding issues with your bank, so damage should be pretty minimal there (I hope). How did the green light party go yesterday? Anyone watch it? What did they talk about? @inXile While you're still coherent and awake: Could you finally explain in more detail the contents of the Doomsday Preparation Survival kit? And don't forget the pledges that get bounced :/ @Ryan Mitchell: won't it include scissors, to shred our pants to pieces and become a true pantless landshark? ;) @Ryan - that and a can of anti-landshark spray. Well, guess I'm gonna upgrade to $55! @Ryan: And a shark repellant, maybe. vegetarian trait...give you an ability to finish enemies with carrot in the eye :) Yeah, it would be nice to know how much $ will be actually spent on the game, after all the fees, taxes, goodies for backers. The Wasteland Doomsday Preparation Survival Kit is just going to be a bag of lentils, isn't it? :( And on the subject of publishers, while I love these atypical games as much as the next guy, if I was the person responsible for greenlighting something that was going to cost fifty million dollars or so to develop, I'd sure as hell be selling out and taking the safe route as well :) Hey guys, we are less than $19k away from 3 million with kickstarter + paypal :) Remember, 3M means that they can devote resources to an editor without affecting the depth and polish of the game! so close....... We have to remember that 3 million is a false number anyway - even if we reach it (which we will), once you take out the 10-11% fees from Kickstarter and Amazon combined, then take out the costs of making all the physical components (box, maps, manuals, etc), and they're probably back down to around 2.4 million real money to spend on the game itself. The upshot, of course, is once it comes out anything they get from then on there should be mostly be profits since they've already paid for development costs. Knowing PayPal, they will probably find an excuse to freeze the account and take the money. If i cave in my foe's head... he's a vegetable?... Right? @inXile I shall cook a Spanish lentil soup with them. Thx!~ (and we are so close... mods! mods!) @b0rsuk: that will likely be my reaction to it. I've played a rather sad amount of games in my life -- I was just asking Erich if Duck Hunt is considered FPS. Well, that at least gives me one under my belt! There should be an editor no matter what. We are at over 3 times the original Starting goal. Vegetarian trait in a wasteland setting sounds like an awesome flaw/fringe benefit! From kicktraq: current pledge level: $2,879,516 trending toward: $2,879,516 lol :o *sniff* thats all we ever wanted to hear... please make a vegetarian trait in WL2 @michael. You forgot to add the 100k from paypal Unfortunetly, 100000 dollars of the total goes to the international shipping doesn't it ? @Michael J Schwarz: I have bad news for you. They are also collecting money on a Paypal account. 2,880,668 is not the whole story. Those kids in the wrap party looked pretty excited about the game. Too bad they were told they'd have to wait until they were 18... As I'm a man-shark and not a shark-man I'll have to live off bulk rice. Only 19k to go ... :-) Come on guys, we're only 120k off the 3m marker. Wasn't that the milestone for the editor to be available at launch? a bloody sausage :) It will be ridiculously funny if young players end up liking Wasteland 2 and calling it innovative. Some of them certainly will. I love this game, but I could never get over the sewer with the stupid rope. I think I'll treat myself to a tasty celebratory meal as well... Of lentils. @inXile - Make sure you treat the dev team to a fancy nosh-up celebratory breakfast today! i didn't think that WL2 would get SUCH a boost in the last 6 hours! 3 Mil $ are in reach! I'm not a huge fan of the publishers (I'm an indie developer myself), but in some sense they're blocked in the same way the devs are. The problem is who the customer is. What the devs *want* is for the customer to be the people who will play the game. When you deal with a publisher, though, the publisher is the customer. Except to a large extent, they aren't; the *actual* customer is some bean-counter at WalMart, and the publisher is trying to fill an allotted hole on a shelf in a specific release slot. That's where scaling up to the mass market has taken the games industry, and it has been sucking the life out of it. If EA can't put an AAA title in that precious slot for WalMart, Activision will be happy to do it. Or THQ, or Squenix, or whoever. I'm hoping this is part of the pendulum coming back; the indie movement and kickstarter are hinting that just maybe, we can start a new golden age. Brian Fargo and Chris Avellone in twitter: <url>#16/e=1f7176 List of active polls: <url>"Imagine InXile says: "Okay, we have 3 mil. We're not going to do the game. We don't even want your money. Take it back. It was all just a joke." @B0rsuk. Nah. It would be more likely that Brian runs off to South America with the cash, lol ^^ But if he does, then I will personally hunt him down and force him to complete the game. ^^ Let me express my love for Wasteland... I upgraded to $250... after i decided to downsize my monthly food budget. food is good. but i've been starving for wasteland for YEARS. @b0rsuk That means we will meet them at Court. (Hope not) Actually its now exactly 4 hours and 30 seconds to go. but by the time you are reading this its even less @inXile if we do the 3M please please please ... add Mod support to the game. 20K to go! @Erich so true. There is alot of excitement for this. ALOT. @Auronkast Star Wars The Old Republic, to a lot of people was a big failure in a lot of people's eyes, it only does one thing well : tell a story, as being a MMO it fails in every aspect, and what's worse it plays like a single player game than a MMORPG: definitely not what these games are meant to be designed as, coupled that this is the most expensive game ever created of over $200 million, it was once stated this this game alone would make or break EA/Bioware (EAware) and it's biting them in the ass now, their giving away 30 days free time to try and stem cancellations, the servers are around light -standard which is not the sign of a healthy MMO 4 months live. Imagine InXile says: "Okay, we have 3 mil. We're not going to do the game. We don't even want your money. Take it back. It was all just a joke." Since inXile is on, just asking Is Wasteland 2 will opening publish? PayPal is approximately a cool 100,000. In the last hour we increased 13k on KS. 21k to go and 3 hours! $100,222 to be exact (as of 1am PDT) paypal @100k+ @Eng Shawn: No, Interplay should have aquired Bioware... but that would require an alternate history. /sigh Paypal now just over 100K How much money is comming by paypal ? less than 21K to go then If only they knew... I know a lot of folks who love this style of game and the associated IPs but couldn't pledge in because they were having monetary issues. We're a lot more than 60k, it is true @Mattias Palsson Well...The Japan Animation Figure also Pre-order and Pre-Paid. So wars begin after publish. Paypal just popped past 100K @Auronkast, I agree 100% A good example of this is the recent release of the old school style game: Legend of Grimrock. It made its money back in the first day of sales from steam! This is the future and we do want and demand games to place gameplay first, not graphics. Content is so important to the life of a title Army of fans of this game type, Wasteland, Fallout 1,2 - is a lot more than a number of backers here. I think it can easily hit a 10 million mark of fans... But I see your point, ;) ZeniMax Media should had acquired Bioware. Hahaha, I still assert. These aren't preorders; this is love, pure love. @ryan lol InXile has said *we* are their marketing team. 60,155 backers so far. Imagine the game turns out to be at least as good as fallot/BG/P:T. Imagine the amount of *word of mouth* caused by 60,155 people in such case. Nearly half of us will have 2+ digital copies. @Erich: True, but it's a decent enough comparison, I think. That having been said, they're definitely a step above preorders. @erich technically it's po-ta-to / po-tey-to We need day 1 DLC... "D"igital "L"ifelike "C"acti! There is an important difference here: WL2 Kickstarter is _pre-paid_ pre-orders, at least 18 months ahead of release. You don't see that happing that often, right? @Eng Shawn Bioware just EA's another victim.... Wow, I'm so glad a friend linked me to this on Twitter! I played this game for countless hours in middle school and high school and it's always been THE post-apocalyptic game I harken to when I think of that genre. If it stays true to the original, it is guaranteed to be amazing! I'm backing this project all the way, can't wait to see the beta! =) BTW - Are you guys hiring talented game developers with years of industry experience? ;D Jumped aboard on the last moment to help with 3M goal, just felt so good-spirited today that supporting another great project is a must! Wasteland 2 it is then. Haha, dudes, these aren't preorders. @Sean This just got me to increase my backing to $250. Now I can get collector's edition signed and leave it sealed, and open the regular box to get the cloth map and instruction manual. Mr. Fargo, I wish you and your team all the best in the coming months. You have the support of over 60,000 of us true, hardcore, old-school gamers. Basically 22k to go. Bioware's Day-One DLC.... Serves them right. @Tanglebones "but I don't really see a big publisher like EA really coming to regret missing out on $3 million... probably less than the advertising budget of one of their AAA titles. " I don't really see how 3 million on pre-orders alone isn't interesting profit however you look at it. You know the real problem with big bad publishers is they spend so much on arguably useless PR that they have started losing money lately. There are some rumours EA is losing a lot of stock over ME3 and TOR for example mainly because of the money invested in their publicity campaigns not being reproduced back. Wasteland didn't need any of this to obviously turn a profit and still pay for everything and more. I think games like this are the future. devs don't need 100 million dollar budgets to make a really good game, most of the really good classics were made with a small fraction of these budgets and they're still remembered fondly. I believe this new wave of kickstarter games will get into gear from now on and it will become very interesting to see the games we always wanted but could never have because of publishers wanting to turn them into another fps. Well, the Fallout 2's cyborg-dog was cool too *_* Tensions grew with the coming of 1998. The United States' Citadel Starstation was slated to be fully operational by March. Soviet charges that the space station was merely a military launching platform alarmed a number of nonaligned nations... Alllmost there..... bring on the 3 mill @Floob WOOF WOOF I'm enjoying InXile's slow descent into sleep deprived madness :D +1 for dog! Another name for German Shepherd is Landshark! Not even kidding on that one. That creepy dog behind the church in fallout needs a cameo WL2. As long as it's not too IP infringing. Skyrim sold somewhere arround 10 mil. 5 mil on steam alone. Paypal now have $99,822. @Eng Shawn which was named after the Fallout 1's one, he ;) Fallout 1 & 2 together with Baldur's Gate 1 & 2 are my favourite games of all times. Do your best not to screw Wasteland 2 - I really expect Wasteland 2 to be an old school top-down tactical RPG similiar to Fallouts. Good luck Brian! were averaging just under $50 per backer Like the fallout 3 dog. :D Thank you inXile . =) Please put a dog in the game . I'll probably buy a few copies as gifts later on. Oh, that's adding with the WL2 Paypal funding as well @Jerzy Banasiak: Yes, you get a large boxed copy and a collector's edition premium boxed version. Check the Faq. :) $23k to go! :D @Nigel Heng That's what sold me on it. So I can take the cloth map and old school instruction booklet out of the box and STILL have an unopened collectors edition box! It's brilliant. Also unlike studio releases, those boxed copies will be collectibles. There will only be like 10,000 copies out there by the kickstarter numbers. @Tanglebones: Of course, you're right - but it's not like Wasteland will only sell 60,000 copies. These are preorders. Once the game is released, I'm sure many, many more will buy it - not 9.3 million, obviously, but I'm guessing a few hundred thousand. @Ilmari and @sondre Ok, thanks guys. I'm going to pledge another $150 to make it $250 total so I can get the collector's edition box signed, and then choose the poster $150 reward to get the regular box and leave the signed collector's edition box sealed on my shelf next to the other jewels of my collection. :) Yeap, I totally agree, but it may not be need for this ;) TIS JUST THE BEGINNING, DUDE. IMAGINE 10 YEARS FROM NOW. @Floob I shall not begrudge them if they leave the door open a crack until $3M is crossed. :) @ b0rsuk: What this kickstarter and others like it show is that there is a small, but devoted fanbase of oldschool RPGs. It also suggests that there is a potentially untapped market segment somewhere between extremely low budget indy games and extremely high budget AAA games. However, a Skyrim (over 3 million copies sold) or a Mass Effect 3 (over 3 million physical copies shipped to retailers) would be a failure if it sold only 60k copies (especially if over half those copies were at a $15 pricepoint). And even Skyrim and ME3 are small potatoes compared to Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3, which sold 9.3 million copies in its first day. Point is, Kickstarters like these are awesome, because they make it possible to make the kind of game that's too small for a publisher to touch, but too big for a small, self-funded indy team... but I don't really see a big publisher like EA really coming to regret missing out on $3 million... probably less than the advertising budget of one of their AAA titles. Of course... I'd love to see big publishers adopt something similar to a book publishing model where huge sellers are used to buoy up works by new or niche authors. It will hit 3 million US dollars. 100% it will. I can;t believe the amount of backers that are showing up. AWESOME!!! Every time I refresh I see a TON ASS more. Glad top have every one aboard. @Todd But InXile said they would close Paypal a few hours after. @inXile entertainment Hi Brian :) YAY ! @Jerzy - Hell yes. Which means you can leave your CE box intact. @Jerzy Banasiak Yes, you would get it, check the FAQs that list everything you'd get at the bottom of the "project home" page. @inXile entertainment Hi Brian :) Eng Shawn: In the end big publishers are screwing themselves over for not expanding or creating new IP's but are happy to milk the same 6 titles each year , that will be their downfall eventually and it's hurting EA right now. Of course, the other thing here is that while the kickstarter closes in 4 hours, nothing says InXile can't keep the paypal page open. Even if the project doesn't hit $3M by the kickstarter deadline, it'll go over later via paypal. I hope to see everyone over on the Backers Forums at InXile once those come up, by the way. :) @inXile: high five! Add Brian Fargo @ Twitter and retweet! <url>#!/brianfargo @ Jerzy, yes, you get COLLECTORS EDITION BOX SET PLUS NORMAL BIG BOX @Inxile Lol! Getting so close! I don't think Mr Fargo would be able to sleep tonight... @ Ilmari Suominen Big ass game companies can go **** themselves. Let's make it to 3M Call Activision and tell them they su** big time cause they are big ass*****. @jerry yes, both premium and regular @Stefan: I did a good and finished everything in record time so I can tune in on this page. My bladder isn't happy with the amount of caffeine in it. ;P But thanks! It's not until May, but I am super looking forward to the cool weather. Dedicated rangers, man. about @25759 <url>"The $100 reward + a limited edition numbered collectible coin, a WASTELAND 2 POSTER and one large boxed copy." If I choose this one, does this mean I will get a Collector's edition premium boxed version AND a regular boxed version? Thanks. Metal is like flesh. Both carry pledge in their veins. When tempered with heat and pressure, the pledge surfaces. I know Sean Baren-Coen but hot damn its going up quick! @Rachel: Yeah, I'm having trouble focusing on work right now so I know the feeling. ;) Either way, have a great time in Europe! And don't mind the French, that's just what they're like. So are we really just $26,000 off? A few days ago I really didn't think we'd make it to 3 million. Guess I underestimated the Desert Rangers. :) @Ryan Mitchell Me too, me too! @Sean Better check that math again. I get ~$2,972,000 If they hadn't been made separate categories, I'd have happily simply pledged an extra +$50 on top of my pledge to get both poster and T-shirt. I still want to! Paypal's 99k, so not yet. The CXPXXM don't make any good game anymore....... *Sign* Look that DXC 5 I just had an awesome idea. Since BF doesn't have to give his 100k to meet the funding needs. He should cover the dif to make it 3 mil :D and give us the mod thing. Am I brilliant or what? War never changes, but men change when they up their pledge holy moley the already got 3mil+ Look at the paypal donations! <url>~27K $ more, an we will hit 3 million $ (Kickstarter + Paypal) What can change the nature of a man? Upping his pledge, of course! Big ass game companies can go **** themselves. Let's make it to 3M Wasteland, Linux. OMFG, I've gone to heaven right? So late, can't stay awake. Hope it rakes in 3m before day breaks. @Erich: I'll survive on lentils... @ijusten Thanks! InXile, I hope you are all still awake and maybe a quarter sober when this project finishes. CELEBRATE AGAIN! Don't worry, Rachel. You won't need much money in Europe! Paypal is at about 100k. Almost there. Shirt or poster.... shirt or poster.... hmmmmmmmm Jetfire99, <url>"nobody wants those, the genre is dead". Screw it, who needs to pay bills? I upped to $50. Wish I could go up more, but I'm maxing out my card now. Good-bye semi-decent credit score. Looks like I need to go off the grid and live off the land, lol. Nigel, the digital copies are promised DRM-free. As the CD is bundled with DRM-free digital download, most probably inXile will not bother to throw any money on DRM at all. We have waited 25 years for this. 3 million in funding by fans and gamers. This could be the game that changes the way companies fund, design and develop games. maybe it`ll make $3 mln ? Who knows... Quick question Do the copies that come on a physical CD, - are these DRM free?. @Aaron J: Ok thanks! Whelp upgraded my pledge to $30. Good luck guys in making the game. @Stingray It's not running right now, but you can watch the recorded video. Skip forward 1 hour and 30 minutes, to when they are all set up and actually doing something. 60,000! Whooo! @Stefan: I will walk very fast and maybe make it to the last ten minutes. almost @ 3mil common peoples YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEeeeeeeaaaaaaaa 60k awesome! @Eng Shawn I think they can stand to write three signatures per day over a 12-18 month period @Rachel: Oh, that IS harsh! Only other solution I can think of is a smartphone, but then again, it's a nice thing to get home to as well. Also - 60,000 backers! I can't hear anything from livestream. Am I doing something wrong? @eng its not the collector editions only ... the higher tiers also included the signed collectors edition ;-). @Stefan: ; ) Internet block is harsh at work. I wouldn't be able to celebrate properly with it blocking the WL2 site every which way. just upped my pledge from 15 to 30, hope we make 3mil. @Rachel There is only one solution to said problem - work late! ;) And it looks like 4 hours left now. true that and it's getting close to 60,000 people!!! Oh no, four hours! Hahaha. @Justin, Erich, everyone: What's even more awesome is that we're all spread out across the world, following this and sharing the same excitement. :) Poor developers. They got to sign 1178 copies of collector's editions. @Stefan: My agony right now is that in five hours, I will be in transit on the way home from work. I really should not have slept at 4am last night... Being late to work = leave here later = MISS OUT ON THE PROJECT ENDING waaah. Hopefully, that time is really 5 hours and X minutes. ----- @Erich: It's so hard to get me excited about these things and actually put out money, hahaha. You're a good marketer. Just changed my pledge to 30, i want moarrrrrr! @Torsten - If you choose the $150 tier with coin+poster+box, you end up having 2 boxes - standard and CE ok just adjusted my pledge to $300 and aslong as I don't look at my bank account for about a week or so I'll be fine :p Allright, just upped my pledge to $30 now... The video dev blog and sountrack should be good!! Holy crap, 21k in that last hour! Way to go, Europe! @Tuukka: Look at the 100$ tier: The premium box REPLACES the standard box but also comes with a digital copy of the game. So there will be no standard box for 100$ or above. ;-) @Justin: here in the pacific, we get to see this end at 8pm! Exactly 34k left It is always funny (and a little awesome) to see someone like Rachel, who didn't even grow up with gaming and who doesn't even know what Interplay was, getting so into this :) Ok, about to throw much more cash in Fargo's direction, just one question The 150 dollar reward comes with a collector's edition and a standard big box - the standard one has its own set of manual and map inside too right? The FAQ makes it appear like it was just the collector's edition, but I figure someone has already asked this and knows the answer. @Stefan, Being in AUS has even more benefit as its only 5pm :) @Daniel Silvia i think in this case Brian will put 15$ out of his personal wallet - at least it is not only ours dream :) Just doubled my pledge - 36K to 3 Mill Come one people!!! @Rachel: For once, being European has an advantage - I can follow these final hours at work without sacrificing sleep! And follow it I will, this is an important part of my childhood being revived after all :) Just woke up and started watching the video!!! And less than 40K to go... awesome!!! @Daniel: I'd up my pledge to 100 (total with my contribution to the Landsharks) if that was the case. And then we throw a party yaaaay. Oh man, we're so close... Come on holdouts, start throwing cash in Fargo's direction! @Inxile - didn't kickstarter crash once during the Doublefine days, causing them to ask people not to refresh all the time in the dying hours in case it crashed again and stopped pledges from getting through? Wouldn't it be cool if they ended up totaling 2,999,985 including paypal, and they were like 'sorry, no editor, we didn't hit our 3 million dollar stretch goal!' :) @Erich: I might actually get them to look at the Powerpot. Hehehe. But inXile can be a partner if they like -- as a donor. @Stefan: It does, doesn't it! One thing's for sure, though: I can finally get some sleep tonight. What do you mean? Doesn't this game come out in five hours? ;) Rachel, get your bank to make a donation for 'development.' it's a development bank, isn't it? I wish this ended on Friday so I could up my pledge more on my next check. @Rachel: That's exactly how I feel, but it's looking increasingly likely that this will happen :D Don't expect beta until at least a long while after the six month pre-production, heh. ...Well I was just thinking of upping my pledge to get the beta testing. :( It's so exciting and agonizing at the same time, hahaha. @Jonathan I get 50$ reward too. And more 15$ for shipment outside from US. Just can't resist map. XD Do it Jonathan! This isn't any normal collectables, it's Wasteland 2 and the map will be cool like games used to have. come on just 40,000 more @Jonathan Do it or regret it afterwards... :D @Jonathan Did you just ask a barber if you needed a haircut? heh the fund didnt ended yet...and soemone already is up to beta testing :) funny people... I'm thinking of upping to the $50 guys... I don't normally do collectibles, but I love maps so much that it's tempting me really hard. What do you guys think? Just read in the news: Someone put a 15 million bounty on Barack Obama. Would be much better, if this idiot put that money to Wasteland 2 instead. Virtual results. :-) Don't forget that Asian will off duty at about 3H. Hey when would the beta be up? added another $10 to $270. Go! :) Good work to whoever donated that 10k pledge. We're nearly there! 37.4k left The Internet rips a clip, hitting the Wasteland 2 Kickstarter 59,897 times for 2,863,316 points of damage, reducing it to a fine mist. ohhhhhh 10k!! The magic number is just before 2,902,000 4 more 10k and this is over :P less the 40k... One more 10000 pledge <3 @vadim Yep, someone pledged 10k just now wow, someone takes 10k pledge, I thought there is no such heroes left! did someone just made a 10k pledge :) @Dave Just go to here: <url>#!/BrianFargo/status/191669158520426496 @Dave - Do you mean the live celebration feed? If so, that's been and done (it'll be 5am where they are when this ends, too early for them to have a party, so they did it early) Hopefully there's not too many deadbeat pledges and that lots of people can afford to go through with what they've backed Notch is kinda on vacation unfortunately Someone go convince Notch or someone like that to twitter about it. 50k to get in 5 hours, that's definitely possible ;) But can't rise my pledge anymore :/ whats up with the video feed. i dont get it? Time to wake up Europe Russia, Middle East....3 M rushhhhh awaiting for you :) Blahman it's not automatically added. Someone else I know checked it's sitting right around $98k right now, so there is hope. Updated from $65 to $115. Let's make this happen, guys. Which pretty much means 50k left until 3 million <url>€... Good luck to Brian Fargo I SUMMON THE FULL POWERS OF THE EUROPEAN GAMING COMMUNITY! ==Riiiiise, Europe-y people! Riiiise!== C'mon.....go for 3 M... In any case, cheers to my friends across the pond, let's bring this baby screaming past the finish line! mmm Coffee! Lets go UK! The European crowd is mostly asleep still :P *Rubs eyes* And now I see 'the international crowd'. An edit function would really be welcome for comments on Kickstarter right about now... @Ross Jensen: Partly that... but also partly Europeans, one would assume (GMT is around 7 AM right now). Hope you're right Cattleclysm Pace will only go higher from now. @Andrew I don't imagine that pace will sustain through the entire night. Of course I could be wrong, but it will probably be the nightowls and the international crowd carrying this thing at 3-4 AM! 5 hours 59 minutes to go boys! @Atarun about 56k I think, but numbers are changing now so rapidly so it could be less at the time u'll see this comment :) @cattlecylsm From my admittedly small sample size (one page refresh a second for a minute) the average amount was $30 dollars a second. The linked charts are tracking at about $60,000 an hour. It will be interesting to see what the last few hours end up like. Less than 57k. around 56k from 3kk !! @vamp1r0 How close are we to make it including PayPal? :-? would be sweet if we can make 3kk here at kickstarter only! went from 251.00 to 275.00, step up people. $2.94mil! $60k to go...! just bumped mine to 100. @Andrew <url>" original Wasteland game disks I don't mind the $15 charge because it's actually much less than American companies normally ask me to pay. Early summer. what date was BG enhanced coming? I don't give a shit @Sean I prefer the $55 package regardless and so I got it, but it seems like the implementation of the same shipping fee to all non-Americans seems weird and arbitrary. It can be a sequel of something if that something is Dragon Wars! For a next project, why not make it *not* a sequel of something. Pitch a new idea, guys. Don't forget BG3 is coming, too. @Richard Blackrose no i did not, but i will try it =) @windur Yeah I heard about this game long time ago, I think if he ever finish it it would be great game too. I might be wrong but it's in development already almost the same time as Age of Decadence, I wonder by the way why AOD doesn't start KS campaign also, especially when they almost done the game already. Stop mentioning potentialities like Planscape and Arcanum sequels. My wallet just got up and left the room. JE sawyer did a great job on icewind dale, hope he will wrap something up. @CommieCowboy You could always retain a PO box in America. @John Have you played it with Wesp5's patch? I think everyone would love Arcanum 2....Get it goin'!!! The International Shipping price seems like a lump-sum "surtax" for not being American. $15 no matter where you live and no matter the actual cost of shipping it to your country. Why not drop it to $5 or $10 and make everybody INCLUDING AMERICANS pay a flat-rate for shipping? Will the boxed copies be DRM free (Don't see any point it not to be with DRM free version around but want to make sure it won't contain Steam or something else as nefarious)? Speaking of VTMB, Brian Mitsoda(the lead writer for the game) is developing a 2d turn based RPG(Dead State), and is expected to Kickstart the game soon for fan funding. Have to convince Activision to let go of the rights to it first, though. I'll believe it's possible when I see them release the Sierra On-Line IPs, like Gabriel Knight. BTW <url>"Troika" :p of games I want the most. Ooops, swedish link. Enjoy the viking language! Here is the complete recording of the stream... It begins quite a bit into the video though: <url>""WASTELAND 2 MORE LIKE WASTEDLAND 2" "YEAH wooooo" hehe yeah new vampire game would be awsome, but as you said they need bigger budget @John Jakobsson Arcanum was Troika game, and Troika was made of Tim Cain, Leonard Boyarsky and Jason D. Anderson. Cain is working in Obsidian now, Boyarsky is working on Blizzard now, don't know about Anderson. Damn, they killed the whole live stream now :( @Valdimir "Sigh" I remember those GRUPS days like it was yesterday... Good times. Good times. @John Jakobsson, next game should be a Vampire Bloodlines sequel. Though you need a AAA budget for this kind of game... :< Would love to see more turn based RPG's but I hope they give it a month or so before starting them. I really need to take a month or so's break from funding more projects. @Richard: I'm sorry... I'm suffering from lentil overdose ;___; the stream is back! whoa!! encore!! or obsidian = Icewind dale 3 =) @Richard Blackrose No idea O_0 but it definitely would be something cool with Tim Cain onboard. @Karl Zylinski Yeah Cain started on Fallout he was the first, than a lot of other guys joined in including Chris Taylor, Cain was saying in the interview that he with Taylor remade GURPS and that's how SPECIAL showed up. Audio is back on!!! Okay, Karl I think maybe you're going to have to dial back just a wee bit on the lentils. next games planescape 2 and arcanum 2 on kickstarter, or maybe im just dreaming... Fergus Urquhart is such a cool name, sounds like a orc or something, in a good way! Do the rumors say what it might be? @Vladimir: I agree on Cain, he's such a multipurpose game development machine, but I guess you can't hug every cat :( Rumors says Fergus Urquhart = Obsidian is going to lunch his project on kickstarter soon too. No, it's Chris talking out loud. He's been talking about it for a while now. the video that is 2:00:05 long has some Q&A at the end, maybe 1hr45min into it, then was cut off during Nolan Bushnell's interesting pitch about revolutionizing education I don't think anyone mentioned a kickstarter for planescape, it's just someone talking their wild dreams out loud ;D Still I would love to see Tim Cain and Chris Taylor on that game sight ;( But anyway the team is great the way it is now it's not full Black Isle but it's still great. Oh I can't wait till Oct 13 Wait.............What Planescape Kickstarter?.....My wallet cant take much more of this. @Doran. I know. 18 months to see the game and at least 6 more to play it. Then I can die happy. Actually...my wife and daughter might have something to say about that. Goodbye everybody. Hope to see you all on the Avellone Planescape KickStater where I'll be memeing Shirtless Seatigers and polenta. Has anyone been able to watch the recorded wrap party videos? I understand it's concluded now, but the archived links at Twitch.tv just show a black screen for me on both Firefox and IE So many true heros and true fans here, and Gordon is one of them <3 @Vladimir: I agree! People who love what they're doing and want to keep doing them -- it's really easy to see this in their work when done. Like authors who had fun writing their stories, etc. Aaaw, now I have the warm fuzzies... or maybe I am just hungry. Brb, lunch! Upgraded to $250 for the signed copy of a legend. Worth paying $100 more for IMO :) @Akael Now? Somthing like 80k leave before $3M with PayPal. @Matthew Hinz Well I would prefer surviving 18 months so we could actually play the game Alex, we're all the same. :^) They have a lot of work ahead of them. I'd rather think they were workers/partyers than some monkey that would put on a show for me. It's been a few weeks of anticipation for us. It's now a year and a half of grind for them. Now I just have to make sure I survive at least another 2 years. Surely Paypal brings this above 3mil now? Aww... 5:21 am in London, need go to sleep. Guys I want to see $3M when I wake up! Don't stop! We need modding support! @Alex Laird I think I heard the cool dulcet sounds of Paul Simon in the background of the party. Its times like this I wish I'd actually applied myself in life and become disgustingly successful. I would have personally payed the whole $900,000 goal as soon as I was aware of this. As it is I am glad my measly fistful of dollars will ensure a great game that deserves to be made will finally get the chance. I cannot wait to start seeing some progress and wish everyone on the team good luck and a an easy, problem-free development cycle. I can't describe how excited I am. @Alex Technically it's about 9:20pm pacific time. Sorry, it just gets me fuming :) @Rachel Teng Only people like that can make a really great game like Fallout, no pressure from publisher bosses and stuff like that, only a one big family working on a dream game. If you watched TIm Cain interview with Matt Chat, he told the fallout was made exactly like this, and that I think made this game so great it was all personal from all heart. Only $80k to 3 million! :DDD ... And $220k to $PI million! ;D @Amanda I already know that one, I was just implying we somehow broke kicktraq :P Later actually. Alex: Only saw a few ones complain though, just ignore them ;) @SXX: I love socks. C: @Vladimir: It's always good to know that people working together can also have fun like that. @Karl: Oh, that's good! Definitely watching it later when it is uploaded. Cattleclysm - try this one instead <url>"No playing until you're 18." "Hey, I'm 18!" "And I'm 21!") was really heartening. One kid even introduced the Scorpitron to us! Knew his stuff. @Rachel Teng No, it's just game development legends having a good time, that's all ;) Final push. Lets break the $3mil mark @Rachel Teng Yes, you missed socks moment :p @Dominic Ashfield DFA stream wasn't perfect really, but probably that's not bad if inXile have atmosphere like this. They are small company and seems like everybody feel like a family, probably it's a good way to make games. :) t shirt or poster? :C I missed everything. Did they say anything everyone should know? Dominic: I think the content was much better (not just LOLOL SHOE ON HEAD), although the breaks in-between the content weren't as fun as DF :) Well from what I could tell from the mystery conversation it was just about how no one in the industry actually "plays" games. Lol, nothing new there. @Alex, seemed like he was asked about production and Brian answered that it's about commerce. Not sure what to make of that. This is going to be so very close for 3M. Hey guys, I just got outta my meetings. Anything good happen? All I caught was "you sure audio is off right?" Then silence. xD Perhaps Double Fine have spoiled me. I was expecting something more like an office party with a focus on the camera. What was Fargo saying about commerce right before the mic got shut off? Backed to support Linux gaming. now audio is off Seems their refresh is way out of sync :P lol he just said "are you sure the audio is of right" sonofa!!! Charles, good point. heh However, the feed is still on and if you listen closely, they really are talking stuff. HAHA, Brian Fargo said, "you sure audio is off right?" and 2 seconds later it's dead. Lol are you sure audio is off? *goes silent* Damn we had them. I'm cool with the mix being on. Now we will get the real secrets!!! I think they know ;) @Cattleclysm I was being facetious about that part. Grow a funny bone dickhead. and yeah. stuff is still happening I really love Nolan Bushnell, he's so engaging to listen to :) Only mic is on. Ugh god. This crap again... Seems to be a pattern. The livestream has left me a bit confused... Were there technical difficulties or something? Hey guys, camera is still on. ;) its on lol OMG They don't realize the mic is on! I wish Tim Cain was in this group as well. I personally believe he made a lot of effort into Fallout alongside Chris Avellone. @kharmakazy They didn't force to watch anything as they didn't force you to pledge, they showed us family atmosphere, if you didn't like it, you could simply not watch it. lol @Cattleclysm No shit dude. What should we bill Brian per hour for watching the kids for them? Instead of an hourly rate I say we charge him a mod kit!!! anyone know what time it is now in california? Haha! I really happy to see family atmosphere in their small team, I think it's good way to make nice projects. So I'm trust in this projects even more than before! @kharmakazy They didn't force you to watch anything. @Jason they already answered all the questions, they should just party and enjoy it for now. That party was lame. It sucks balls how they were having the interesting conversation way in the back away from the camera, and forced us to watch their kids for them. Great stream. Great that that they sat down and answered stuff instead of just casually talking about stuff. And now they start some serious partying You should see last 2 hour surge! was sceptical we were gonna reach 3 million but holy shit.. last day surge! I was a little disappointed that it was mostly kids and as much people who could answer our questions. Not enough Fargo, too many kids :( Ah, hell. I had to increase to $150 from $50. 8) The rewards are really nice but I can't wait until we get the REAL reward next Fall. Let's go $3M!!! Yeah that dog kind of summed up the way I felt about the end of the stream. @Andrew =D MY EARS! and thats the end of that =( That dog broke my speakers, haha LOL Yip yip! Great ending with dogspaz <3 That crowdcheer broke my speakers Yay, group photo <3 Scorpitron poster... 150 dollar pledge award. It would be awesome! Less than $85k to SOCKS! NOW we're talking! Group pic! someone should donate \ up with 73 dollars to make it an even 1000 A FarGoPro yeah they should put the cam some place else This Landshark is waiting with bated breath ... no pun intended LOL ;)~ "You guys want to go to the Secret Room?" "What's the Secret Room?" "It's called the Secret Room for a /reason/!" Those kids were fairly amusing. Brian Fargo needs to tape the cam to his head, so we can see and hear everything he can. @Jayce Yes I do watch stream Nolan must have the bong. @karl- I'd follow Nolan too. Lol Dylan. Agreed All the adults follows where ever Nolan Bushnell goes. Bored now. :( FLUTE HERO! Why are we stuck in the child's room of the party? I want to be with the adults... Recorder. That was the best rendition of Mary Had A Little Lamb I've heard all night. lol Instead of Dance Central: FLUTE Lol. Grub, calculator humor. 8's on calculators, looks like a B. (You can figure it out from there) 334 left one 250 pledge, come on guys fill that space up I demand they play Dance Central in front of the camera! Yeah it seems to have been destroyed. Who's the hyper kid? Upped my pledge to $175. That's all I can do. lol Well, the livestream chat was pretty much full of idiots. :P Is this a live stream now? oh I'll be here Bernardo. dude 8008 dollars?!? what? Brian better be careful, you invoked the Romero. Someone might get made a b****! I think we broke the chat function in the live stream. Night Bernardo!!! Ok, it's not that cool to watch a party on my computer. I'm off to bed and I'll see you guys one last time before it's all over! I expect to see everybody here in the last half hour, especially my fellow landsharks! Doubled my pledge, so it looks like it spells 8008. Randy: The Double Fine Adventure has the record on that one, with 87,142 backers. I think that's the record anyway, seems likely. who has the license? @rekahlert: Thank you much!! @ Jayce Pentad There aren't a lot of great games that Fargo DIDN'T work on. He's up there with Romero, Shaefer, and Roberta Williams (wherever she may be I hope she's happy...she deserves it from the joy she gave us before getting out of the biz.) <url>"trnding seems to have been disabled. <url>"Erich"s! The only time I've met another Erich was when one knocked at my door to peg my gas bill to a fixed rate. I'm sorry for the confusion, but I very excited to know there is another "Erich" here! People need to suck it up about only getting one version for 15$. Steam only recently started giving a Mac/windows copy, and you expect this project to give you everything for 15$?? We are DONATING our money to help them fund this game. We get an added benefit of even receiving anything at all. If the project isnt something you like, dot donate, and don't receive your free gift! If you want more then one version the donate more and receive more copies as a thank you. Or better yet buy another copy retail so they make $$ and we see more games from them without a need to kickstarter them. Kickstarters about donating to a project you believe deserves to see the light of day, it is not preorders r us, give me everything now please! Btw, as your sitting there demanding every version of the game and more swag at lower levels consider that the money used to pay for these gifts is coming out of the total donations. People demanding more are in essence saying, "here's 15, give me this this and that and ohh, keep the change to build the game etc!" @Rachel - we are in the same timezone! I'm getting sentimental so I think I'll sing. Thanks for the mem(e)ory the conversation was fine the lentils were divine Tim Cain lost his pants and we went from the ridiculous to sublime and pantsless landsharks all we had a great time I thank you so much. Here's one reason I'm glad this is going to be over soon. See, in America, NO ONE is named "Erich." It's all Eric. But my name is actually "Erich". And you're driving me nuts because I think every response to you is directed to me. @Rhandom: Yeah! I think the only reward that really caught my attention was the signature; I really, really wanted the signatures of these amazing developers who I respect tremendously. For everything else, I'd have been willing to have bought it retail--just wanted to make sure it made it to retail to buy! Hey JJ! Hey everyone ... I'mmmmmm back ... =) @Rhandom: True! I'll highfive to that! --- @Vadrick: lmfao I do! It is 10:48AM where I am and I am at work (not slacking off, promise). But last night I ended up sleeping at 4am -- Kickstarter in general is very bad for my sleeping habits, I am starting to realize. @Robert Paypal has $96k, so only less than $100k to hit $3mil! I am of mixed feeling about participating in Betas- On one hand, I truly believe that they can help make the game better, but on the other- they spoil some of the magic. I did some QA for games at one time- and I could never actually get myself to enjoy playing those games afterwards. Man close to 200,000 left so close.... $2.9mil including Paypal! Less than $100k left to reach $3M including PayPal now. can't wait for beta My (older) brother used to tell me about playing Wasteland at his friends house, I was so jealous. The problem was, the game was on Apple, and I had a Commodore 64. The day I discovered it was available for the C64 was a happy, happy day. Followed by a long week of waiting for the UPS guy to deliver it. Then, after I excitedly unwrapped it, I had to sit there for an hour while it prepared the play disks. Ugh. That is a lot of waiting for a 12 year old. Now, we have to wait 18 months for Wasteland 2. Sigh. Waiting hasn't gotten that much easier now that I am in my thirties... Rachel, do you ever sleep? 100% of Mac or Linux desktops that are capable of running a modern game are also capable of running Windows (even in a virtual machine if that's what you prefer), so people can "put it on all their machines" by just getting the Windows version. The amount of people whining about not being able to run fan-funded games on their pet OS is amazing. It's just OS politics at work, plain and simple. I personally use Linux as my desktop OS but I have no problem switching to Windows to run this game. People should just be happy the game is happening, period. @Rachel: Oh, they are definitely a nice carrot- just wanted to state my thoughts for games like this, and this game in particular :) @Rhandom: Haha, yeah. The reward tiers are nice and exciting to watch, though! lol, yes, we hear you... @Rachel: I agree- I would have donated to this project even without any reward tiers, and then bought the game when it released. Did Chris say Jan Navarro or landshark? I think it might have been landshark. @Derek Well, it's still technically indie as they don't have a major publisher. CRPG'ers are a gouchy bunch, I don't recall seeing this amount of infighting on the DFA project. It seems Adventure gamers are a more plesant bunch. <(:P I'm really starting to think that it's an entitlement issue, and that these people are looking at this project page as some sort of pre-order-for-cheap store. It is not, and multiple versions didn't even exist before. Now that they're being made, suddenly the developers are bad people for not bundling the three different products into a buy-one-take-two 'price'? The chat room for the live stream has been referred to as a "blood sausage fest". *sigh* I wish I had a balloon to play with... I used to play the original Wasteland on our Commodore 64. I've been wanting to see enemies explode like a blood sausage ever since! At $3million dollars, this is hardly an 'indie' game. @Dustin Hill: For Mac and PC, there is Steamplay. There will be Steamplay, so you can play it on Mac and PC and maybe even Linux (being worked on by Steam) from a single downloadable copy. Please be informed before you take on the role of the indignant patron. Looks like they are all starting to get good and liquored up. Everyone is getting louder. nope your not a plebe Rachel - I really don't get it either It's like whenever I pass by this board there is always someone complaining about the versions. Is it really a big problem and I'm just being a plebe for only wanting to play in one OS? @Dustin They were talking about multiplatform support, which the Mac and Linux versions were achieved at the $1.5mil mark. Are you seriously complaining about getting a copy of the game for $15 that you can't put on ALL of your machines? Isn't Steam supported on the Mac, so you could play it on both systems that way? Multiplatform was not even an option til until a certain funding was reached. Dustin, this has been argued multiple times in these comments already and you are a jackass. Champagne, nice of you to make a personal attack against the man immediately. Actually he's on a live stream right now with the inventor of Pong talking about the project with the very annoying public that he's far more gracious toward than I ever could be. I don't like that the $15 level only gets you one version of the game. Almost ALL indie games allow you to download all available versions one you've paid for the game. I'm still backing the game, but this is certainly leaving a bad taste in my mouth. Mr. Fargo, it's your game and you have the right to do with it what you will, but I strongly disagree with this. You've raised $2.8m and you're going to pump me for extra money so I can play it on Mac and PC? I thought multiplatform availability was part of the deal from the outset. I'm disappointed, but you're probably somewhere floating in too much champagne. $104k to go, with 9 hours left, we can do this! Almost, almost, so close... Almost $96k on Paypal, this is awesome gang. YES! Yeeeeeaaaaah! $2.8mil KS! 2.8 mil, hell yeah! Oh yeah, Charlie you should check your email, Banker has up a spreadsheet of our pledges to fill out! already way pass the 2.8 mil - almost 96k in paypal already Stretch goal announced: at $3mil Brian buys socks at last! @bryan- yup. Feels like by normal Friday nights. By the way, do some set up with a separate mic for person answering questions if possible, would be optimal. Otherwise move them even closer =) @Mats: I don't sleep. I wait. lol, anyone else feel like they're watching from outside a window? Haha Hi!!! Twitch chat is too spammy so I am back from my flounced status! :D OMG, gonna hit $2.8mil any minute! XD Karl - Still awake i see! Let Fargo keep his $. He isn't taking a salary while the games being developed, and even though he's able to drop money like that on this, I'd rather him save it for the next kickstarter down the line(not really). In any case, it's his money, and he's donating his time/effort to make this for us. Add the 5% profit going to another project, and I'm sure it's well over $100,000 spent by him in the end. Move chris/chairs closer to mic! The other guests are louder ;P or that, but it would be more reasonable if he moved up. There are other sounds coming out of PCs on the end users part. Just backed! I've been waiting to back since the beginning, and am pumped for this! Let's all stick around and continue to fund good turn based crpg projects, so we all no longer have to cycle through Arcanum, Fallout 1/2/tactics and the like each year! Crpg's taking over for the 99'-2000! Bump bump bump buuuump bump bump bump! You guys need to turn up your volume! ya he needs to move up to camera and mic volume is too low... @Martin you are indeed correct- I misremembered the offset. @Rhandom: From what I remember, it was that if the 900,000 goal was reached but the 1,000,000 needed was not, he would put in 100,000 of his own (presumably directly in the project rather than via Kickstarter, to save some 10000-8000). The idea was to make the goal more reachable - this was (and may still be) one of the highest asked-for goals on Kickstarter, and he couldn't be sure it would be this successful. This would be putting words in his mouth so to speak- but- Even if he does not officially pledge it, this is his baby, and I would be willing to bet he will use that money he evidently had available to pledge, in order to make the game live up to his dreams. Livestream link: <url>"Raze it, raze it, even to the foundation." O daughter of Babylon, who art to be destroyed. How happy shall he be, that rewardeth thee as thou hast served us. Happy shall he be, that taketh and dasheth thy little ones against the stones. If there's one thing I want in this game, besides a good story, it's INCREDIBLE MUSIC. I mean music as good as Two steps from hell, or fits the atmosphere of the game like Bastion. Music is one of the key things I need in a game for great immersion. @Cattleclysm - fine, if folks can shell out $60 for Hunted: Demon Forge, they can do $30 for Wasteland 2 :D I have never paid $60 for a basic seafood staple like cod!!! Highway robbery. I only wish I could have given more. Everything about this is encouraging but... well y'know, being a student and having no overdraft limits you somewhat. Hopefully the weeks of not eating will get me something good in return! Like a good game, hopefully. @Michael Xu I can prove there are no COD fans here. Soooo.. Wasteland 3 anyone? I'd be willing to bet if the funding breaches the two million nine hundred thousand mark, they'll include the mod kit. Remember, Brain Fargo said he would donate 100k to the project if we passed 900k. (unless that was added into the amount showing in the pledge) C'mon $15 backers, you can pay $60 for COD, you can do $30 for Wasteland 2! Just saying. @Rick, you should put up a kickstarter for all of your prints. I know would support... @Rick, Great art as always! Man I love that stuff!!! @Amanda: It would also make me sad. I've been voting and asking for the mod kit from the beginning. In case anyone is hungry and has $2 to spare for food: <url>"I Predict a Riot..." Thank you everyone for pledging and driving the momentum for this project, we have realized the dream of a lifetime for some! There will be a revolt Not true. At 3 million they are guaranteed, though they won't be released until after the game is. And besides, people would be pretty pissed if they end up only being a "maybe." I don't like this suspense. Even at 3 million mod tools are a maybe. The tension is mounting... "Dammit, Doc. Why do we always have to cut these things so close?" @llias and Jake Thanks for your kindly reponse. I am eager to watch the stream once I have back home now Yep. They have them recorded, it would seem. Stream is up with place holder image, chat is working: <url>"Lets play wasteland" series on youtube. It's been sooo long, I can remember when playing games was like reading a book, you had to use your imagination, and DAMN IS IT GOOD. I CANT WAIT!!! and chat is running, so everyone is talking over there The stream will be at this site in about 1 hour and 10 minutes, some test videos up: <url>"test" videos? oh duh, if you are, you're not here.... On the live stream page right now there's a bunch of vids from them testing it, hilarious. >< The PayPal total is currently at $94K, so that's closing in on $100,000. 2.900.000 i meant Damn.. I wont be able to sleep now... Fargo said he was going to put 100.000 if it didn't reach the 900.000 So i guess he will be doing the same at 290.000? even less if you subtract the pay pal pledges. lol watch list @dismore, I have been watching that project from when it started. Think i will get the watch Aww I noob, just lose notice about login len. сын свиньи @Jason Ferron Thank for correct link. But who did this *&*£$% captcha? How to find answer for it? :( @ Michael Dinsmore It's already on my watch list. just increased my backing. I really want to see it hit 3kk. Well folks. Next time I am able to log on will be after the big moment. So "congrats!!!" to everyone now. And let the twitchy wait for the awesomeness begin! Both this game and DFA have lost the top funded KS project to this: <url>"Let's Play" on youtube. Fallout OST i so cool, I've believe Mark Morgan make something amazing for Wasteland too. Because I play it right now and I remember how I played Fallout in 1999, sitting at monitor in moonlight... so awesome! @Robert Ellis I never post anything what's I don't like, and I only active in Wasteland comments because I haven't got time for any other projects now. As long as Kickstarter have this "extremely bad" interface I'll probably only check new project in comments. There no evey some sorting for goal amount... Probably with some new useful interface I'll not really needed any other sources of projects. I think the silent majority doesn't mind a little plug here and there. We have 2 links to other projects on the 1st page and if I haven't missed any, the next link is on page 7. When it turns into a spam-fest, we can have this discussion again, until then, let's just relax and have some fun. It's not going to be crowd funded, and it's not confirmed if it's actually going to be a Space Quest game or just something in the same vein. I'll be following them for the details of course :) @SSX crossposting kickstarters is fine with me. Sockpuppets who post only about other kickstarters aren't ok. It's time for link spamming :p For some who wait when Party come online. AmA: <url>’t need a new TV anyway. At least I can entertain myself on the thought of helping Brian and the guys develop arthritis from all those collectors’ editions they’d be signing! Okay. just let them delete my account ^_^ @SXX: <url>"Don't promote a project on other projects' pages. Your comments will be deleted and your account may be suspended." This user's account has been deleted. Sorry about that egg Haegemon I'll try and control myself from now on. For me (on my laggy notebook) it's way how I find something interesting. I don't use twitter and social networks, so It's way how I use links here. @Haegemon I post everything what I really want to support as long as that stay in KS rules. Anyway I post lot and lot of links here, not only to other projects. If Kickstarter will reject my comments I'll ignore it's totally :) @James: My wife hates you now. Personally, I love you and thank you for showing me that. A pity it won't be crowd funded though. Although that's probably for the better as I am flat broke right now. :) Thank you so much for telling me! gaaahh!!!! What do you mean Cathy? Lentils? :D @Eckhart: If you look at my profile, it should also show Wasteland 2 is what got me to register/make my first pledge on Kickstarter. People can support however many projects they can afford, but we shouldn't be trying to push projects we like on other people in another projects page. Heck, even when earlier I was posting the clarification notice that other projects received about the KickingItForward badge, I made sure that I wasn't directly posting to another projects KS page. I don't want to say "the word" or we'll be hearing about it for hours.... Hi Karl, äter du linser idag? .. as "he" says everywhere with his Shadowrun icon. lol. $94k on paypal, almost to $100k, woohoo! Yeah i do the same @haegemon, if i see a link i blacklist it 99% of the cases. It seems to get worse for projects that are over funded and coming to an end. Yeah, live stream at 10 PM EDT!! :D @SXX: There's been to much cross-linking for projects lately. I know I've sent messages to KS asking for them to clean it up, and I'm sure some other people have as well. If a game has clear, sound goals and requesting a reasonable price, it will find its audience without needing people to spam-vertise the project in another projects comments page. I mentioned this when commenting about it earlier to another project, but personally, I mentally-blacklist every game that gets spam-vertised like that, and actively tell friends no to support them either. No hate towards the respective development teams, but you shouldn't try and poach fish from someone else's pond. @Jason Ferron You wont have to <url>"I support this project" but not nearly as much as I donated to double fine. Yes, new Tex Murphy game would be great I sure. Well the bad thing is that there is nothing left in my pockets until the next month.And to think that there's a new KS with TEX MURPHY coming up in a month from now ... I think I'm in need of detoxification ! with the paypal donations, there is a chance this will hit $3 mill... every dollar helps Bob, enjoy :-) Bumped to $30, don't look at me like that... I'm not made of money! Did it for the extra digital goodies and I love character portraits! I made a promise that after Wasteland 2, Shadowrun Returns, and Takedown, I would stop... unless something huge like a Space Quest game got remade. Then I'll have to get to begging the wife. Ilias - I've pledged to so many projects now, my partner is starting to get grumpy about it. I will have to be frugal for a few weeks I think. I couldn't resist putting some money towards Match and Magic though - I just love the puzzle quest type games. But that's going to be the last one for a while I swear... Honest. Manged to scrounge up $30 and pledge it, feels good man. Then go the Banner Saga. It's finishing in 3 days. <url>~8 hours when we're already over 3M. :D Current rate: $9,896/h Linear extrapolation: $2,988,582 ok, so 10pm EST, Thanks! =D @Jason aprrox 3 hours from now Just to confirm the time. I've read a few different times. 10pm EST? Just went from $15 to $30. Come on all you cheapos ! Get us to 3 mil! This is not 100% info, just my deduction :) Well, just went for $250 pledge,I really want to see 3 Million. I don't know hot Twitch TV works, but (probably its their account) this account redirect it to other site. We need to ask Fargo, really. This user's account has been deleted. @eckhart perhaps a steam coupon for $5 or something That's not how negative psychology works... ;) I don't believe wie can reach 3 Million. Now come and prove me wrong... @Pikiou Sure they would. But the prof wouldn't. ;) Nah, it'll be ok. These things are best in the evening, not early in the morning. I wonder about a future reward tier/mechanism where we could fund someone who thought they couldn't afford $15 but wanted to contribute a dollar. Backers increase that way though maybe $ don't, but then, so what. More people having fun = better. @ Dwane Johnson, I expect they are saving the link to the live-stream party for one last final hail-mary update. @Floyd ah too bad ! But I'm sure some of them will understand if you miss class or something because you watched inXile stream. @Erich Lichnock I made a mediterranean dish with lentils, spinach, lemon, and lots of garlic. You can also and should try lentils made with Indian spices (dal). @jason i do. no meaningful info today. <url>"You must spend some to gain some" The reward tiers in a kickstarter are enticements, meant to tempt people to spend even more. If the necessity of choice between items were voided at say the 250 level and it as a result caused that more people upped to 250 then they would gain a minimum of 100$ dollars per backer who ups, minus the t-shirt cost. Also the cost of the shirt goes down by the volume of the order as sharkey mentions. If at 2500++ the production of a shirt costs 5$ then if ~110 ups form 150 to 250, then it would begin to increase the the game's budget. Some might even jump up to 250+ from even lower levels, reducing the number needed for a net gain. But with less than a day left to go, it is probably too late to make it worthwhile... @Jason Ferron 1) I told my girlfriend I had spent $300 to back the development of 2 games. 2) Asked me to show her. 3) Spends $140 (mine) on Shadowrun I don't get why pledged are dropping. It's daytime everywhere in the US, isn't it? I don't think that anyone is enforced to kick it forward.Perhaps other projects wouldn't like to do it, and so they turned to KS for help.Probably because after that people usually asked if a project is KiF.Imagine how bad not doing it would appear in many peoples eyes. Has anyone been keeping a record of backers vs total pledged from previous points? I'd be curious to see how the average donation amount has been changing the past day or so @Haegemon I don't know about you guys, but as a lawyer, that kickstarter letter asking everyone to take the kicking it forward banner sounded to me as their way of not getting involved if anyone ever wants to enforce the kicking it forward promise. You've got my $55, make us proud guys! So it's up to Brian and the team to push this to 3M during the live celebration. Changed from 250 to 275... every little bit helps i guess. Yes probably the will. Social dynamics are everything but linear. @ Matt_G, way to go ! I'm not loosing my faith for the 3M until up to the last sec. : ) Need about 150k in 12 hours and 45 min. I think they'll make it. @ Matt_G Kudos, dude! It is such a pitty that i cannot watch the livestream! Pledged $100 now. $15 just wasn't enough. Dakkon, true but does not compensate for KS slowing down. Payplay income is only 10% of total at the time being. Hopefully there will be a big push tonight, especially after the live stream. @dakkon Nice with that we are getting very close to 3mil Fargo should have done the Dr. Evil thing and >demanded< One hundred billion dollars! <url>#IfIMakeAPledWhenIsMyCardChar Amazon Payments doesn't allow using a bank account for funding unless you're in the United States, but as far as I know credit cards will work anywhere. @Matt_G: Amazon works fine in canada @Matt_G I'm in Toronto and had no problem paying using Amazon payments. I'm in Canada so don't have amazon payments as far as I know :( E.g if you haven't money to process payment amazon there is some available option (7-10 days) to make it a bit after, but you need to ask support first. @2,846,158 with paypal up your pledge if you can by signing in and clicking manage your pledge. The more physical rewards that get sent out the less money spent on development. about 10% goes to fees for kickstarter and amazon. Then double fine spent 13% on rewards. Let's not make them spend too much on rewards. @Matt_G Check amazon payments rules, because if I right there is 10 days to resolve your payment. Overdraft options might be available as well. There is 60 free placea at $1000, nice chance to be in history ^_^ Go go $3M! Is it not possible to change what pledge to take later. Want to get the $100 one now (currently a mere $15) but don't get paid until Friday. @Sondre Agreed! I'm at $250, so it'd be nice if I got a T-shirt with my poster package. =) Sondre : By having people choose they're probably saving a couple of thousand that can be better spent towards development. So if i had to pick between t-shirts for everyone or the money to add a hundred or so more lines of dialogue into the game i think i know what i'd choose. Also the t-shirt is an afterthought since some people asked for it so it's simply been tacked onto the existing reward structure. @Charles R,do it man . I also hide it from my wife : ) @Sondre " unless its made of something more expensive than cotton." Of course it is, it's spun from the stuff that dreams are made of. I found a $20 in change in my pockets. Guess where that's going? It's mostly for the interviews, but character portraits are always nice! Even if I could probably download 'em, I feel as if I'm obligated to give this back to PC gaming, after my years of... uh... bargain perusal. Yes, that's a good way to put it. Now nobody will be the wiser. As an international backer i'm seriously thinking about upping me pledge from 55$ to 90$ (75$+15$) so I can get the box AND the early beta... Must hide from the wife in order to do it. Wanted to support more and bought Bard's Tale for Pad and got first two BT games. I've found my inner peace ) @Michael Matzat: Which is why it's hard to understand why at 250 and 500 and all the way up to 10 000 it is simply not included without the hassle of choosing it over something else. And also why it's weird that there are no other alternatives for how to combine your choises if they are so dead set on forcing the high and mid tier premiums. Like f.ex. T-shirt/coin/poster. It doesn't make sense that it's all alone in its tier, unless its made of something more expensive than cotton. @TheBearPaw // Hahahaha, Awesome post. You are making me consider upping my pledge even more. Excited to be a part of this. wasn't the point that it was voluntary? It sounds like the creators who don't want to kick forward are resentful that the ones who do get to advertise it and make them look bad in comarison. My god, how could my enthusiasm fade away these last few weeks? How many years has it been since we had an upcoming old-school post-apocalyptic isometric adult RPG with Brian Fargo, Chris Avellone, and Mark Morgan amongst others? Of course I'm gonna up my pledge! No shame in being awfully broke but immensely happy and proud of yourself!!! Probably just creators who don't want to give back and don't want to miss out on any funding because of that. /cynic @Sondre The t-shirt issent more expensive than a normal t-shirt, you just get it via a high level pledge and therefore it´s more exclusive. Thats it. Cool thanks @Haegemon, thanks.. no need to dig up link. I can understand why some people don't get it or think it may cause a problem Here's the post from another site, just using their company page vs KS page. Not trying to cross-promote anything. . "While it’s great that you’re committing to support the Kickstarter community, the Kicking It Forward badge has lead to some confusion with backers and other creators. We’ve been hearing from backers who are unsure what it means, and creators who feel pressured to include it without knowing much about it. People can’t tell whether it’s an official Kickstarter thing or not. We don’t want to stand in the way of a grassroots effort, but we’re concerned this is causing more harm than good. So we’re asking everyone who’s participating to remove the badges from their projects. If you want to still participate in the campaign you are absolutely free to, however we’re asking that this be done outside of Kickstarter itself. We appreciate it. Thanks so much for being a member of our community, and for launching your project with us. Let me know if you have any questions. Thanks!" . <url>"M WORKING ON IT!!! I wish I just throw down $10k and meet Brian Fargo, but... The average backer has donated $47.63 $52 per backer would hit 3mil, so if everyone just adds another $5 to there donation, we are in the clear... I hope there is somebody else out there besides me who is actively trying to spread the word and get others to donate even now. Sitting on this chat, **** and fucking nagging about the money-ticker having to speed up more, won't help much. If yall have so much energy in you, then go to social medias and spread the word. Front page of IGN uk is linking to the project. @Charles Actually, I demand the team plays that song nonstop during the Wrap Party! XD Ign has posted about wasteland 2 hopefully bring some more people here <url>"The Final Countdown" by Europe and crank that stuff up!!!! this is really exciting. is there an app to track a kickstarter (android)? @Michael Xu, i really can't afford the 250 pledge myself but i'll make do with the MRE rations in my bugout bag if things get rough end of the month. Worst case scenario i'll do some hunting but i really don't have time for that :p @Mats - I wish I can pledge more, but then it won't just be my date that's going hungry. Prediction $3,009,117 Rate now: $11200/h Keep it together! @Michael Xu- Please don't let that happen to me!!! I upped to $50, best I can do right now, GO $3 MIL!!! @Alex : I actually had a choice this month between a date and backing the project, needless to say the date went hungry. Best 250 i never spent on a woman. @Charles - so, you are going to sticking a remote control up your ****? I don't know, sir. I guess some of us better double their pledge again. It is great that wasteland 2 (which I have been waiting years for) is finally getting made, I just wonder if we will find that it won't sell well at retail because it has already saturated the market through the upfront fundraising. ahhhh, that new game smell... This will be me if we don't hit $3mil: <url>"whatever you please" options with the use of a mod tool instead of releasing a special game for backers. Also it's the more decent thing to do i belive since most of the people who will buy the finished game will probably have fond memories of hell raising and whatever the hell i please gameplay. Also then Inexile wont be sued by some crazed humanitarian group :) @Mats and Fishos - I couldn't agree more. I have seen plenty of films that contain child killing, ****, incest, etc. Somehow when they put that stuff in a game, there's an uproar. A game is rate "M" for a reason. I remember when Phantasmagoria came out, it was banned in 7 different countries. I hate the kids in fallout, THEY STEAL MY STUFF. In the European version they were invisible but still stole your stuff anyway... but since they were invisible you couldn't get it back... AAAAHHHHRG @Giniu- Gotta love The Who! I'm liking that as our hymn. @all landsharks does pantless landshark society have hymn? Something like "Nobody knows how it feels, to be a landshark, a pantless landshark, behind red eyes" ? Maybe they could do a "Directors Cut" of the game for backers that lets you wild and crazy folks do whatever you please, whereas non backers are governed by certain rules. @Doran. Geez, and people think I'M crazy for wearing lentils on the soles of my shoes!!! @Doran Paul Simon references are not big, and not clever... :P @Mats: Amen. It is a real moral dilemma. I am in a fight. Do I try and blow this guy away and risk the innocent lives around? Or do I try and get the fight away from the crowd? I love that aspect - people really tried to avoid being tagged as a child killer. It would be great if the game could tag other taboos within that game's society - so whatever is wrong within that world (not what people in our world see as wrong) I would say 150 000 is enough in KS and the rest will come from Paypal. Thrilling! Serious for a moment: I actually find *not* being able to kill kids as offensive. It's like saying killing adults is legitimate. Dried lentils should be in the game as a survivor food package. I'm going to Wasteland Wasteland In Desert Ranger Station I'm going to Wasteland Poor boys and Pilgrims with proton axes And we are going to Wasteland My traveling companion is nine years old He is the child with a rabid dog But I've reason to believe We both will be received In Wasteland @Michael Xu : The media is almost as harsh as the wasteland itself. Still i think you should be able to do those things, not that i did it alot in the previous wasteland and fallout games but i enjoyed that there was a certain feeling that there were certain taboos that you could actually break if you wanted to or by mistake as often was the case when releasing a full auto burst in a densly populated area. Just wake up... what I am doing here? Wake up only to see last hours online. 2,743,000 exactly - pretty, but not as pretty as 3,000,000! I think I won! I DESERVE MORE FREE LENTILS Not bad, I got 9999 comment :) haha HAHA ) LOL) argh just missed it. 10k! 10,000 10,000 comment! 57,500 backers! @Mats - LOL. I can already see the headline now. Kickstarter helped fund game that kill kids. 15 hours and just under $170K to 3M... we can make it. 10k comments! Now get $10 million!!! YES!!!!! $3M GO! OH GOD- YES-! And wear their skin as a mask? I want to be able to kill babies too! And eat their brains! 7 comments away from 10k! @Xu I don't know why you had to bring **** into this ... lol @Mike R - or Freddy Kruger. Hurray! Michael : No sweat, when we make it to 3m we can implement the child killing feature ourselves.. @Craig: Let's hope many US peeps start switching when they get home tonight =) @Mats: Dunno about Darkwing, only thing I heard was that is was "too scary" to be on DISNEYDAGS, but you may be correct @Karl - yeah, I don't think they will be able to let us kill kids in games anymore. Just turn on the TV and you understand why. @Michael Xu - I just want the freedom to kill kids - not to do it... unless they deserve it! I want sever punishments if you do it though! I loved the child killer tag - though I do think there should be a way to hide that side of you in the game - would be neat if you could be a serial killer ala Dexter without anyone in the game realising it. Why are still $31k people still at the $15 mark $30 has become an amazing offer! @Karl ; Things like that seem to happen all the time, wasn't the animated series Darkwing Duck banned here in sweden because some kid in Norway kicked another kid to death in a sandbox and blamed the show? Or when all we had in Carmageddon was zombies... Michael: That would be like $475k extra cash :D Only if everyone in the $15 tier raise their pledge to $30! :0 I upgraded from my donation from $15 to $30. Please make the video dev blog substantial. It was that which enticed me to upgrade. I'm especially looking forward to hearing from Michael Stackpole. His X-Wing series was one of my favs growing up. I remember when they had to take kids out of european fallout 1 because of some recent shooting that had made everyone jumpy... @Alex That's what i meant @Mike R - you wanna kill kids, eh? You child killer! All I wanna be is just a porn star. @Torsten Everyone who pledges is a hero! <3 This user's account has been deleted. @Rhandom one more reason for $pi k as goal! Just raised by $50 to try and help get to 3m and hopefully mod tools. @Floyd Why, what am I missing? I'm not taking the paypal into account, just the KS donations... +50$ ... can't afford any more. Hope, we will get the 3M! :-) I just hope the greater majority of the pledges are valid- I read a measurable percentage of double fines pledges failed to process We should Tweet other hero's. like Nathan Fillion and um...Selma Hayek! I don't need your Raspberry... I've got Rhubarb. @Cattleclysm Yeah, saw that, I spammed him a little ;) Well without Delicious Raspberry Marmalade you can keep your damn Toast. You all kiss my ass. Any guesses when KS will start showing up 404´s? Broke down during last hours of OotS drive and to my understanding had same symptoms within last hours of DF (someone confirm?). @Alex no we don't @Karl His last tweet is like 4 hours ago, let's don't lose hope :D Glad to see when a kickstarter project gets funded and has problems they tell the truth. The guys at star command have stepped up and told exactly whats going on about the money and not knowing all. <url>"What you doin' later?" And the rest is history. Hope that clears things up =) @paintinggrey From what I understand they are like the mirelurks from Fallout 3, more teeth, same amount of pants @Charles Middleton III : Good to hear you come from proper stock :) -1 for Ghandi... -100 for Wodwo!!! Can someone explain to me what is all this Landshark thing?>??? We need $4.5k in next 15 minutes to uphold the stream leading to modding tools. +1 for Hitler @Devoid- nope she moved to the US when she was 21. I used to go back to Sweden with every summer until I was 9 @Charles Now your are just making stuff up! @Karl Lol'd China Town xD oh sorry. Connecticut, a US state I guess CT is some US state? Or maybe China Town? Now you're being ridiculous, Karl ;) +1 for stream recording! @Karl @Mats. Although I live in CT, my mother is from Goteborg. Vastra Frolunda in fact. (I'm sorry if I ruined the spelling, it's been a long time since I had to spell that) ;) -2 for +3 Another +1 for stream recording. +1 for +1 +1 for free lentils for Karl and MOAR money for wasteland Yeah, the end is kinda bad for both Europe and US, would have been fun if the stream really counted down to the real end... But you can't have everything... AT LEAST I HAVE BURGERS Kinda sucks that the campaign will end during office hours here :( +1 for free lentils +1 stream recording +1 for stream recording! @Floyd Ryan I hope so, I live in the UK, so probably be a bit late for me as well @Mats YEEEEAAAAAAH! <3 +1 for stream recording! @Casey Hmmm, I'd have to say making love to a beautiful woman whom I love and loves me is one of my favorite things ever... That and lentils, of course... But RGS is probably somewhere on my list. :p Will this live stream be recorded and uploaded on youtube? Re: the "UNIQUE AND QUIRKY SKILL" available only to Kickstarters ... .... "Advanced Toaster Repair", please please please ...!!! ^_^ @Karl : Sweden here to... took the morning off work and bought a cake. Here's to the 3mil! I live in Sweden, the live stream is at 04:00 in the morning for me... BUT WE GOT BURGERS AND BEER, YEEEEAH Doubled my pledge, because $15 just wasn't enough. Oh, oh dear, it is nearly 4am and it is almost time for work. How did that happen. Good night, guys! @TB That's one of the games I want to support, just hope i'll have money by the time it is almost over. Randomly generated stuff is one of my favorite things ever, almost as much as RPGs. @Pal I think the same. It's a safe bet to start off with saying that it'll be pay once per OS, and if the engine and distribution (which isn't set in stone yet) supports multi OS downloads, I guess they might do it. Remember that this game hasn't even begun pre-production. ^___^ we can do this @Markus: I apologize for being curt with you, Markus, and in a sense I do understand this issue that you have brought up. You've given a certain amount of money and you want to be able to get the game in three versions for the price that you've put up. Fair enough. In my opinion, however, I think that this isn't a store, and the rewards that we 'earn' are thanks from the developers, not objects that we are entitled to. I also think that what you DO get as thanks is pretty nifty, since you're basically acquiring two different products (each version is something that I consider as a different product from each other) when in the first place, the developers only initially promised one. Our opinions clearly differ on this, since you view this kickstarter differently from the way that I do, and you have an issue where I don't see any, so let's settle for that. @Bryan ah nice ... thanks for the update :-) @Markus - if you don't like the "deal" that is offered here (a copy per OS), you are not obilged to support it. Anyway, in my opinion, in the end you will have the game for all three platforms per one copy. 175k left **** @Anton all the funding goes straightly to production. @Anton for that clown costume that was posted on Twitter, for sure! @Anton: Everything still gets used for expanding the game and making it better. More money means a larger, fuller game. @Anton A RPG can always be larger and have more complexity. It has been stated in the updates what the extra money is for =) There will be in my game because of custom portraits, but not sure. I keep forgetting to check my email. Wow...Kickstarter is awesome! This game is gunna rock. Another game that i hope reaches this kind of level.. <url>"sunk costs" aside). It's not entitlement if it's my money and other games are willing and able to meet my expectations... it's just some developers trying to dictate a difficult-to-justify quirk on the rewards... and goodwill is hard to put a price on. @foxtails *one of* best ? Is there any doubt ? So if, hypothetically speaking, we don't reach the $3mil. goal, what are the plans for all the funds post $2.5 mil? I mean, you need to use it for something, right? @landsharks will there now be a shark in the game or not? I didn´t read all the comments :-). So a short update on your idea would be nice :-). @Markus: Dicto Simpliciter or Overstatement: An unqualified generalization. "every conversation" "this is what everyone means when they say it" "a common notion" If a law degree would stop people from using gross logical fallacies all the time, I guess I'd prefer folks did have one. @Linux +1 on cease fire until inXile responds. looking at how paypal founds grow, we might reach $pi k exactly when there will be 3 millions on KS :) GO $PI People need to chillax!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Only feed the $pi k goal, or feed landsharks. This is one of the best teams I've seen for a hardcore PC RPG recently. I'm glad to be a part of helping this endeavor. Rock on! @Matthew Farmery- You speak true and I say thank you. we are all gathered here voluntarily for one reason, AND YOU GUYS STILL HAVE TO BE VOLITILR TOWARDS EACH OTHER?!? internets man.... The $pi k goal sounds tight. @Markus Steam was always digital distribution, back in 2003, it distributed Valve games. @alex ah thanks, good to know! @Floyd I meant some people in general, sorry. :) @Cattleclysm: How often do I have to repeat this. Ask people who are talking about "Steam" are they talking about the game distribution platform or the beta patch framework for Counterstrike? Fuck. I guess you just want to drive me nuts so I'll just stop feeding you. @Karl I did not bash him! I didn't! at least there is going to be a unix version for those that want it, but yeah lets stop the bickering please, and concentrate on getting the funding to 3 mill for modding tools I officially support a goal of $pi k Holy crap! Calm yourselves down. Markus just expresses his opinion and asks a question and everyone jumps on him. I don't even entirely agree with him but I'm at least going to show him some respect. I didn't know this game was being funded by children. @Erich Lichnock: "Steam" in every conversation here referes to the games distribution platform in it's current form unless specified otherwise. I assumed that to be a common notion so I used it accordingly. But I guess I need to have a law degree to formulate statements in such a way that people who don't like me can't nitpick them apart. @xspork: Borderline trolling? I just wanted to understand what this update actually means and if so many other people are asking about it maybe it's time they clarified it somewhere. @Floyd That might be true, but Markus had no idea about that and you can't start bashing him because of it. Carefully explain things instead of being hostile. That way the mood here would be much better and the discussions shorter. @Markus You did not say "Steam didn't have digital distribution in 2004" but you did say "Steam did not exist in 2004". +1 for $Pi k as new goal! @Alex: Cheers, mate! @Grubfisher YAY :D @Markus Napp Good lesson learned.. Stop bashing Markus, he had legitimate questions that just happens to be about stuff that people where very tired about discussing over and over again. It's not his fault, carefully explain instead of being hostile. It'll make everyone's life happier and better! @Stargazer Maybe because yesterday there was a Linux guy that wanted to sue inXile for fraud because of this issue? Well, let's don't generalize that Linux users are eager to whine, even that some are. Anyway I use Linux for more than 10 years and would be giving all I can to Wasteland 2 even if they did not supported Linux natively - just because it is THE game we all want. Calm down people and enjoy the moment! Let's not turn this cheerful, pleasant chat full of landsharks and lentilles into another quarrel ground like Shadowrun comments section lately. Anyway, I'd say we should reach at least Pi millions (well, approximately at least) I just backed the project! Woo! Go Brian Fargo! Go Chris Avellone! Go Wasteland 2! Bryan has a fantastic team put together i am very much looking forward to this. Re: Address's inXile entertainment says: We will send out a questionairre through Kickstarter as we get closer to the shipping time. Thanks! Yay Linux. But we should have a cease fire on the subject. I suggest an opinion poll or something external for further madness (On both ends of the argument) Hey! Would you just stop it? Would you just hold on a minute? Look at you guys... fighting on the Malaka-Laka board! You should be ashamed of yourselves! Back in the driveway, we were nothing! Now we've risen to the highest level, but you're throwin' it all away! If you've forgotten what BASEketball means to America, you have only to look at this board - the Malaka-Laka Balance Board of Trust. Don't you see what we have here? A game where guys with bad backs and bad knees can... get together and compete on the same field as guys that are all goosed up on steroids. But more than anything, isn't this game about gettin' together with your friends and just havin' a good time? I remember. I remember a long time ago, I didn't have anybody. You guys took me in. I guess that's why it kills me to see you like this. If we can't be friends... then the heart and soul are out of this game. Certainly out of me. I know I'll never get that back again. We have sullied the waters of the Lagoon of Peace! I'm begging you, for the love of our Caribbean brothers, dudes, stop this madness! I don't understand all the hostility towards Markus all the sudden. The man asked a legitimate question that obviously is important to him. Nothing wrong with that in my opinion. @Cattleclysm: Are you reading what I write? No. When people talk about "Steam" nowadays they talk about a games distribution platform which allows the users to redownload games. In 2004 this did not exist outside of Valve produced titles. This is what I meant by "Steam" (as in as everybody knows it) did not exist back then. Actually it was you guys who started everything. I was merely asking peoples opinions on my questions about the distribution model and OS restrictions. Guess the lesson learned here is never ask random strangers online for their opinion. @Karl You should apply to U.N. dude :P @Casey- That was SXX @markus the reason its so annoying is that your questions are kind of pointless and borderline trolling. It says specifically for the tier rewards -OR- in regards to what platform. It's clear you get a choice, not all. These are tier rewards for pledging to support a game. If you want to complain about the rewards, you need to rethink about what it means to pledge your support. It's like donating to a charity and **** because you don't like the pictures on the free address labels they send you. @Markus: Please define the parameters of your argument before beginning. You're hedging by redefining your definitions after you've been proven wrong, which--intentional or not--makes you lose credibility. Someone says Steam began earlier than you stated, you say steam didn't exist, suddenly you change your definition to "Steam in its current form." My god, man. @Markus Ah, it's because there has been a very large amount of linux whine and people are very fed up with it. Don't take it to personally, people are just a bit fed up with it general. I hope you get answers from inXile =) Who was the guy that made that backer swirly thing? Would it be possible to make it a vortex? @Markus As if you were the first... @Markus Napp : They probably havn't hammered out the distrubution for Linux yet, remember it was only made avalible through the 1.5 million mark. But i'm sure there will be more updates soon on how the game will be distributed on the different platforms. And remember your not buying the game, your funding it. Getting the actual game is a perk not a purchase and you get to choose the platform you want to play it on. @Markus I personally don't care about your concern. At all. So why do you care what I think? Wait for the devs to respond instead of begging for our attention. @Erich We are! @Kyle Walton: Who's arguing? I asked people for their opinion and they started yelling at me. @Casey I use Linux myself, I was just joking by saying that :P @Markus Also you're the one who started everything with your nonsense. Lol hipster OS. Linux is pretty good, if more games supported it I wouldn't use windows. there would be no reason to. @Markus Napp <url>"Initial release: September 12, 2003" This is what you said: "Markus Napp 9 minutes ago @Rachel Teng: Yes so? Steam didn't even exist in 2004." The Linux-guys are so tender and eager to whine.. But hey, 3million here we come! I am so glad to see this game become a reality after all these years. I played it on the C64 when it came out in Germany in 1988. Improved my english a lot, I had to look up words like "xenophobic" and "comatose"... It was the game I never forgot and it still remains my personal criterion that other RPGs have to stand up to. @Markus Arguing on the internet is like running in the special olympics.... even if you win yours still retarded... We need to hit over $10k an hour now!! @Cattleclysm: You act like a baby. Steam was officially released in 2004 (look it up) and started distributing Valve games. In it's current form as a means to distribute games not made by Valve didn't even start before 2005 so the "Steam" everybody is referring to as a distribution platform for games did factually not exist before 2005. If you're trying to school me at least get your facts right. Also what's with your aggression? I asked a few simple questions that apparently concern enough people to come up here often enough to annoy people. @cattleclyms your name has cow in it, so I was just thinking, COW-LYSM, COWLYMS, which made me think of cow ****, and i dont want to think about cow **** im at work! get out of my brain!!... Why do you do this to me? My opinion on the matter is that I don't care. I don't plan on playing on my other machines, so I will get the version that will run on my desktop. But what has this to do with issues at hand? 180,000 left???!!!!! this should be the only thing we focus on. I guess he heard our opinions. @Floyd Well they pretty much did everything so Linux doesn't get support from software developers Markus did send this stuff to inXile, though. To quote: "Regarding the last update I just sent this email to inXile. I would like to hear you guys opinion on the issues of limited downloads, single OS version restriction and distribution model. [email here]." Markus is the guy who went to the FTC about Mass Effect 3's endings. With paypal, at around $2,820,000!!! @Cattleclysm Why? @Floyd Blame Microsoft @Charles Hipster OS I'm really using trust in Linux people. Have you all become such pseudo political whiners? Whats Linux? @Karl Zylinski Indeed @xspork Steam is going to support Linux one day, they found in source codes, but I don't know when :) There has been so much whine about Linux version here it's totally killing everyones mood. Send messages to inXile, write to Fargo on twitter or something. I think everyone is kind of fed up with the whine which just leads to endless circle discussions, no one here really has any good answers. @Cattleclysm it's a good point, everything I've seen points to that fact as well...maybe even by the time this game is released. All this speculation. How is it that no one ever sends this stuff to inxile instead of here? Love how lively it is here though, impossible to keep up with stuff lol. @Markus; I simply don't see the issue. I buy PC games and don't expect them to run on Linux; and for $15 I'm happy to get a game this size/quality for one OS. Presumably you'll play on one OS; the one that has your saves. If you have both machines in the same house, then surely you'll play on the one you have the game on. What's the possible benefit? not rune again! @Markus also Steam launched in 2003. You're wrong. Dammit Ask the magical liopleurodon! <url>’t like aliens in my games... If you could describe your favorite moment in a previous game of this nature what would it be? Markus Napp has some legitimate concerns! If Steam going to support Linux on future(Which is pretty much proven they're gonna do that) then you'll get all three on future for $15 dollar pledge. Now i believe that 3kk mark will be taken! But not all projects in kickstarter are so effective <url>"donating" to portfolios. I would like to see this game get made so I'm pledging some money. @David: The problem is that I have Linux AND Windows machines and don't understand why I can only download either one if the funding covers all versions. Easy. You call it entitlement I call it illogical. @Markus - Windows is the main platform. Linux and Mac OS X were only added AFTER 1.25mill goal was reached. So they wont be all made at the same time mate. "just" $270,000 to hit $3,000,000 and I think we will get a mod kit at that point, hell yeah!!! @Markus: It could depend on how they plan to distribute it. My guess is that it might not even be 100% thought through and might change. Just support them with $30, it's a nice thing to do, and then you'll either have a version for 2 OSes, if they end up giving you the option to download it for any OS with a single copy you'll have version to give to a friend ^___^ @Markus. Pledge or don't: your choice. Bye. @Markus I use Windows and Linux both, but I don't whine like ****, I pledged 55$ to get everything digitally and help the developer during process. @Markus: We're not ragging on you because you've chosen Linux. We're questioning why, if you've chosen Linux as your paramount, you want to also put it on Mac and Windows. If you have Linux, that's fine and dandy. Play on Linux; you'll be able to. But don't expect sympathy when you come here talking about how you've 'paid for the game' and you're upset you can't use it on 'non-Linux OS'es. YOU WANT LINUX SO PLAY IT ON LINUX. @fishos actually it's $12.5k/h including paypal $25k in last 120 minutes! Guess that Karl is not the only one that will be eating lentils next weeks ;) 300% landmark passed, woohoo. @Markus You want Linux? You get Linux version. You want Windows and Mac? You get it by selecting Steam. You want all of them, pay $30 and get it all. Now, stop being fucking greedy, we're here to SUPPORT A DEVELOPER, and help an ENTIRE GENRE: If you're just going to pull 'ANGRY CUSTOMER' trick, get the fuck out of here, this isn't a place for you. In the last 2 hours the project's been raising 10,000 per hour!! The people here have to teach me how it is that they somehow know people's ages on here. (Sarcasm) @Markus: If you want all three versions, I suggest you get the physical disk from inXile. I suspect it'll have installers for all three. Markus; 'Digital Downloadable copy of game DRM free for PC or MAC OSX or Linux' What is the problem here ^ ??? You can have the system you want, whichever system you want! (and you aren't 'paying for' it; these are rewards for funding, not a simple purchase) "eight years ago" "paying" "paid for" This user's account has been deleted. @karl Awesome :D I was actually thinking of picking up some beer on my way home for it... @Cattleclysm: PS3 and and Xbox360 are two totally different hardware platforms. I can buy the same computer and install all three operating systems on it. This is not a valid point. When I bought Unreal Tournament 2004 eight years ago that was shipped with all three version of the game on the disc. The community is paying for the development of all three versions so I don't understand why you can't just leave the choice up to the user. It's not "greedy" to expect something that we all paid for to be available for all users. I find it distressing how people say "Well you and your Linux shut the fuck up, just use what everybody is using" it strongly reminds me of the state of Mac gaming not even five years ago and the way people were saying "What are you using that shitty OS for anyway". Ring a bell? My guess is that updating shipping address shouldn't be too much of a problem? Oh Charlie you're such a fluffy landshark without pants :D @Alex: I have actually wondered about that too. My suggestion is to use the 'send message' link above and ask inXile directly because I don't know when they are asking for addresses. When you find out, please let us know as well, :) @Erich; three more times by funding completion. At least. Aaaughasdkasa. @CMIII Lol :P @floyd that's why I liked the box edition, gives me a place to keep my hand drawn maps....Still have my old bard's tale and wizardry boxes stuff full of graph paper :D @xsprok: I'm gonna watch it... Even though that's like 04 in the morning here... We got beer and burgers for it! It is actually kind of worrying me because I don't want to up my pledge for the nicer stuff, then after all this has died down and i forget and then some ****-bag who rents my old apartment gets all my rad stuff! @David: LMAO. Let's put together a pot on how many times this'll repeat. On a side note, I wish my Wii games would work on my PS3. I'd have less wires everywhere. @xspork All pledgers will watch streaming party instead of F5'ing if they care about the game :P(Heavy Traffic) @Everyone!!!!- Please just watch this and relax! :-) <url>"In b4 Linux" ? Here we go again. @ markus its not that hard. it says *OR*. if you don't like it, don't pledge. case closed. also, when will they be taking the address to ship the items too. By October next year I will probably have moved... @Jason- It's the "Entitlement" generation. It's why we get games today where there are quest compasses, big pointy arrows over quest givers, and ALL content is shoved down our throats because they yell "Why can't I Max out my stats/ join every guild/ see everything on the first play through!!" @Jason If a platform supported all three OS, it would. With Steamplay, you'll get it for both Windows and MAC for 15$. Now PLEASE, let's end this pointless discussion. we're helping someone's dream here! @Cattleclysm: Ever heard of people that back these games because they don't use Mac or Windows? Okay upped mine to $165. That is my max. @Cattleclysm: you're right... sorry i'm also holding my thumbs for wasteland going higher and looking forward to the beta @Floyd Ryan: yeah, but their numbers are crawling Meh, it's DRM free. The "copies" you get nay but a token. :) It will hit the 3 mill it will :) Seriously though people expecting the game on three platforms for $15, i seriously worry about the internet generation sometimes, want everything for next to nothing. :( @Jakob that much i got! But was it there in 1988? @jakob sefors Nice! Oh good Lord, here we go again with a post like Markus Napp's. @ Markus These things are to be directed to the magic liopleurodon. @ Floyd Ryan From wasteland...of course. =) Nahhh, not again! @markus: it's steamplay :3 @Markus Ever heard of Steamplay? Regarding the last update I just sent this email to inXile. I would like to hear you guys opinion on the issues of limited downloads, single OS version restriction and distribution model. "In your latest update you mentioned that the 30$ tier will receive an additional digital copy. Now I'm just trying to figure out what that actually means for the rest of us. Does this mean that for your pledge you are allowed exactly 1 (One) download of the game? How can you ensure that I will finish this download successfully? What happens if it doesn't finish successfully? If I lose the installation files for whatever reason will I have to (re-)purchase the game for full retail price? Maybe you could clarify this in another update. There are digital distribution models out there that tie your purchases into your account (e.g. TellTale Games) and allow for unlimited re-download of purchased titles. Is something like that planned or not? I hope there will be a good solution to this issue since I would not like to rely on illegitimate copies for backup. Since the game is DRM free there will be copies spread around of all versions the second you release this to the backers. Other than bandwidth issues (which can be limited by only allowing verified backers to download) there is no reason to limit the amount of copies one can download (other than trying to sell the game to people who already bought it). Another question raised by this update is multiple OS. When I bought a retail game in the past that has several versions for different operating systems I get all three when I purchase a copy. Now you're telling me that if I pay the backing price for your game I will have to buy it for each OS seperately? This isn't mentioned anywhere else other implicitly in your latest update. I mainly run Windows and Linux on the same machines and I expected to be able to download both versions (since we paid for all of them, didn't we?) freely. If I buy a Mac in the future and own this game which has a Mac version why (other than trying to get more money out of me) would you force your partners to re-pay for the software. You are making all three versions with the funds we provided. Nobody asked me which version I paid for when I put in my pledge. Please help me understand these issues. Regards Markus" @jakob awesome :D @pedasn ? they have 17 days to go! @pedasn Don't put offtopic stuff, we're in last 17 hours. @Jakob Nice, where did this come from? Hey guy.... just a few hours to go. PLEASE ALL OF YOU, take a close look at NEKRO <url>"inXile entertainment Sunday Apr 15, 7:51pm EDT Hi Floyd, Most of the rewards are Kickstarter exclusive. If we sell a CE later, it will be not be exactly the same. If anything, it will have less items. Thanks!" Alex: Millions of millions will buy the game after release, so 57000? That's just a drop in the bucket, pal. You know what'd be awesome? If some super wealthy people decide to donate another couple of millions in the last second. You hear me super wealthy people? I'm talking to you!!! @ Erich: Exactly. @ Floyd--Did Fargo confirm this about the CE at $100 or is that speculation? They'd have to put something in the CE besides the game I'd think. If all 57,000 of us are getting the same "unique and quirky skill", don't that detract a little from the "unique" aspect? Time for me to start linking my Facebook to the project then lol Ah, still, it is MORE LIKELY at $3M and won't cut into the core game. That's still good enough for me to want to hit 3M $87,996 + $2,720,749 = $2,808,745 Almost there!! Less than 200K more! So let's make it $3.35M and beat the Schäfer! @all- Oh maybe I read it wrong. Didn't know it was a guarantee. My apologies. @Dugger- Not a promise so far as I know, but they will seriously be considering creating a mod kit. Only after the game comes out though. They want to devote all their attention to the actual game first, all other considerations second. @Dugger: You betcha! Dugger: Yep. A mod kit would be one of the best things they could possibly do for this game. It would keep Wasteland 2 alive for years longer than the game alone. @Dugger Yeah! Well, I guess it is not certain but maybe likely? " While we are not ready to commit to that feature yet, we can say that if we were to hit 3 million dollars, it would be possible to do a mod kit without cutting into the plan for the main game. " <url>"pseudo" real-time mechanic is that the game would then have to change it's design structure to accommodate a more "twitchy" game play. Turn-based strategic game play is very different and that is the sole focus. We just don't have turn-based games anymore and I don't want this one diluted to accommodate any kind of aRPG mechanics. @ Blackrose As I said... my mistake @Sole Song Er, which Blackrose are you talking to? And who is this impostor that's using my name. I haven't been keeping up on the conversation, but speaking of books... my first taste of post apocalyptic story telling was "Swan Song" by McCammon. Read it so long ago I can't even remember it... might have to read it again. <url>"Earth Abides" and "The Road". I would be willing to choose "Earth Abides" as my favorite, but they are two completely different styles of writing and were written almost 50 years a part. Yeah, damn that lack of edit. :p @Alex, don't we all! *Waves at fellow OOTSer* Caved in to peer pressure :3 Then it is alright Blackrose You are lacking g's Mr Blackrose! @Sole Song I have no idea what you just said, but I like the way you said it. I really wish I could afford the $500. Damn life outside of kickstarter DuGER! DuGER! DuGER! Kan du ikke spytte i noen dollar til Blackrose :-) @Dugger go on, treat yourself @Sole Song Looks like I'm heading for 36000. Do it Dugger! I'm already at 50. But now im tempted to make it 75. God this site is addicting This is beginning to sound like that song by Jake Holmes. Everybody sing: So close, We almost couldn't make it. So close, But it looks like we're alright. New data in 7min. yes it is so close, and judging from the speed of funding, I think we will hit 3 mill, or maybe a bit more, but can't say how much more, but the speed of funding is pretty damn good It's boosting up! Oh we will make it...we will! @Blackrose I can garantie that you havent read this... Secret Mayday :-) God it's so close. I really hope we make it 3 million here we come, seems very realistic that we will hit that figure, come on folks, let's make it happen less then 200k for 3kk...(with paypal) Damn, you actually found a book I haven't read. Looks like it could be a classic. Thanks for the tip. @Richard- Read pretty much everything?! How about this? <url>" real-time DOES alter the strategy/game-play drastically. The wonderful thing about this game and Brian's statement is he doesn't need to "expand the tent to other gamers." Make it old-school and see if it will then attract younger players. THAT is the way to "expand" the fan base :) With the Kickstarter and Paypal totals combined, we've passed $2,800,000! 3 million, here we come. Don't get me wrong I loved FO 1&2 and turn-based game play I just think allowing a pseudo real-time mode doesn't drastically alter the game and would expand the tent to other gamers. Not to mention there are those time when you want to kick it into high gear. Read em, read em, read em, read em all. But then again when one has read over 35000 books as I have you've pretty much read everything. :p Btw, Bog and his Dog movie, total classic. @Brian - Oh I know you intended it for Blitzen, I was just teasing you ;) @Will I'm stealing the list too. Which is your favorite? Thanks Charles, have some warm lentils. @Floyd- Agreed. I just gave him a quick call and passed on your message. It's getting time for Mr. Fargo's appearance. @mindx2, I just meant unfortunately for @Blitzen. I know where he's coming from, loved FO:T, but am super excited that this is turn-based only. :) F1 and F2 are my all-time favorite games, can't wait to get back to the good stuff. @Doran Oh absolutely, I love his story too! It's so cool to see his legacy carried on into the 'present' time with the tribal legends of his actions to protect them. @Erich Lichnock Please do. I have some other books in mind if you need more suggestions. @Brian I understand and respect that. I was just wondering about a mode similar to FO:T it was turn -based as well. Never played the first Wasteland(I was 3 years old) have never touched the fallout series but I'm tired of publishers pushing the community around saying what we want as end users. I love kickstarter and I threw my 15$ in the Wasteland 2 arena. @Brian - not 'unfortunately' but fortunately turn-based :) I've been on the fence since this project started but Brian Fargo's name alone got me interested. But with so much good publicity and the old YouTube videos of Wasteland 1 showing some really cool stuff for its time, along with the big collection of old Interplay games lining my shelves; in the end I had to chip in. Good luck team! :D you persuaded me to bump to the $30 with that last one, it would be more if I had the money to spare. i have to say your updates are pretty awesome, so looking forward to this @Bryan Sharkey Yeah, it was pretty awesome. One of my favorite in-class discussions was on what would we realistically be willing to do in order to survive in the post-apocalyptic world depicted in "The Road" by Cormac McCarthy. Backed this awesome project with 15$..that´s all I could afford at this time. Loved Fallout1 and Fallout 2! @Blitzen, unfortunately most of us want it to be turn-based, and that's what Fargo promised, which is why so many of us pledged. This user's account has been deleted. @Bryan Sharkey For me it was his life story. His amazing will to survive beyond what anyone could resonably expect, with no real hope or purpose to go on. And the way you uncover his history. For people who think video games cannot be art, for me this is irrefutable proof that they can. 4k for 2.8 @Will Wow! Thank you so much! I'll have plenty to feast on now. @Nick Nah, we didn't. rather around $2.65M. I don't know if it has been discussed, but I would really love a pseudo really-time mode ala Fallout Tactics style. This user's account has been deleted. @ Will nice list, thx! I raised my pledge to $55. I hope this is not in vain. Although we probably did not accumulate 3 million (currently only 2.8m including paypal), I believe that every extra dollar collected will help make the game better. @Will: Stealing your list for my own reading needs. @Will Oprisko You actually have a course dedicated to Post-Apocalyptic Fiction?! That's awesome! @Doran God, I love that guy's gear you find: Desert Ranger armor and Survivalist's Rifle. I'm actually playing through Honest Hearts right now in my latest playthrough. XD @Bernardo de Oliveira e Silva I taught a course on Post-Apocalyptic Fiction last semester and we read the following novels and short stories: NOVELS "Earth Abides" by George R. Stewart -- Explores whether or not the survivors of a global pandemic (and their offspring) would want to rebuild civilization and what benefits would result from abandoning the goal of reconstructing what was lost. "The Children of Men" by P. D. James -- Shows the breakdown of civilization when humanity is faced with the inevitable destruction of mankind because men are infertile and can no longer procreate. "A Canticle for Leibowitz" by Walter M. Miller, Jr. -- Asks the questions "How "Is Self-Annihilation from Nuclear Weapons Preventable?" "The Road" by Cormac McCarthy -- Provides a hard look at how mankind would respond when faced with a lifeless world and no hope of survival individually and as a species. SHORT STORIES "The Machine Stops" by E. M. Forster -- What would happen if humanity becomes completely dependent upon technology and it fails us? "By the Waters of Babylon" by Stephen Vincent Benét -- A young son sets off on a journey and discovers the truth behind his father's warnings about traveling to the "Dead Places" where the gods reside. "August 2026: There Will Come Soft Rains" by Ray Bradbury -- What we leave behind tells so much about how we lived. "A Boy and His Dog" by Harlan Ellison -- Looks at the crude and sophisticated methods humanity would use in order to satisfy their primal instincts. The STALKER franchise make for interesting games once you mod them... fulfills those post apoc needs, without being quite post apocalyptic. @Bernardo: There are also many movies out there: Postman, Waterworld, Mad Max Trilogy, The Road, I Am Legend. Books like Canticle for Leibowitz, Mortal Engines (Hungry Cities)... PnP RPGs like Apocalypse World, Remnants, octaNe... and the old video games most of us here know. Wind Through the Keyhole-coming out April 24th! Great more money spent this month! <url>"The Survivalist", was worth an entire game in New Vegas. I love Dark Tower. Unlike most people, I enjoyed the weirdness of the later books quite a bit. Strangely, some of my students liked FO3 more than FO:NV, but they had never played the old FO1 and 2 :( Wizard and Glass...so good. He's coming out with another book in the series too! *the first 3-4 books were the best in the series. Ah yes, the Dark Tower series was quite good. Really the 3-4 books were the best. @Bryan Sharkey Yeah. FO3 was plain boring and completely out of style of the franchise. It seemed, like it's devs never played FO1-2. NV is waaay better, even though the game engine is the same. New Vegas had this brilliant hardcore mode! That's the wasteland experience. Thanks for the suggestions folks! I did like your book Quiett! And it's available for kindle, so I think I'll go with that. @Charles I also did enjoy the Dark Tower! Almost $2,8 mil if you include paypal. ONWARDS! Yeah, Fallout New Vegas is probably your best modern post-apocalyptic game out there. I've dumped so many hours into it, way better than Fallout 3 for me. @bernardo Another couple of good books. Swans Song and The Passage. Now what's going to going take to get an Autoduel sequel/remake going? @Rebecca: What can you make with lentils that isn't lentil soup? That's my one and only exposure to lentils. how will they deliver the game to us backers? @Floyd Ryan Don't you worry, BF promised he will pledge 100k of his own money :) Seriosly though, in these closing hours the pledge rate should increase somewhat. For example, I personally pledged for DF one or two hours before it closed. Make fun of me all you want, but The Dark Tower Series from Stephen King is a damn good read in my opinion. Post Apocalyptic Alternate Universe glorious books. They are quite different from his other writings. @bernardo I wish I knew... I was looking for post apocalyptic games when the Wasteland 2 kickstarter began. now into the 790s... The jawsome linear extratolator still predicts we end up at $2.92M!!! We need MOAR! @Bernardo Lucifers Hammer is a decent end of the world book. I can't remember the author. For some reason Larry Niven sticks in my mind. Hey Bernardo, you could play Wasteland 1 for the time waiting, just download a c64 emulator ! @Bernardo : not post apocalyptic but if you like old school dungeon crawler, check this wonder <url>´ll be difficult, Bernardo. Never found anything comparable to WL 1 seaching for so long... I'm actually glad there is so much discussion of lentils on here. I remembered that I have a bag and so will not have to buy groceries for another three days. (Oh, and I raised my pledge.) Anyone has ideas on how to fulfill our post-apocalyptic graving until this game is ready? I've played fallout 1 and 2 some many times that I don't think I'll go there again for now. And even though I have never played the original Wasteland I think the interface will be too much of a chore (I grew up on the 90's, you see). So, any other games suggestions for the time been? Or maybe books? Anyone? Pebble is just so wrong ... first 21th century watch? I think they kinda missed Tokyoflash. :P Did the 3 milion update provide anything else then besides the modtools? Arrghhh, pleas hurry ... so great ! It's gonna be tough waiting for it to come out. At least right now we have a deadline that we are all watching. Once KS is done, the real wait kicks in! Strange, a silly little game and I feel an 5 year old waiting for christmas..... Yippi yeah ! Pebble will look awesome with a bluetooth ear Dongle did the same samuel :) but beside the second copy for another os, its just that 300k that we lack for the 3 million :) (paypal excluded :P Upped pledge from 16$ to 30$, the reward was just too good for me to pass up. :D Hope it helps even if in the tiniest amount. @Erich Im trying to imagine someone approaching Brian Fargo or MCA and saying "scuse me sir but it seems we have extra hundreds of thousands of dollars rolling in?? Are we going to be able to cope with the stress of expanding our operation?" :) i know what you're saying though Well I'm all spent out but to me the Pebble does look pretty nifty. @Just I don't think they'll be taking any more money, at least as part of the funding. I remember from somewhere that Brian Fargo wanted the budget finalized so he could properly plan out the content and allocate the money. He can't do that if he's taking in funding. At most, if you "donate" afterwards, I suspect it would be for pre-orders at different price and the money from that would not go into production. @Travis- it seems the pebble's cheapest pledge is $99 Wasteland 2's cheapest pledge is $15 compare the amount of backers from Wasteland 2 to The pebble. Almost 2.8 million! We only need like a million an hour to get to 3 million. I do good math, too. @Travis - I bid for both. In fact, I only found the Wasteland 2 Kickstarter BECAUSE of the Pebble Watch project. There's no reason to diss on another project. @Travis- I have a phone that does all of that... 2.7M on KS + 86k Paypal! @David True. :) @Bernardo No idea! Maybe WL2 should add a pledge level that comes with a cheapo watch. ;p @Just As far as WL2 specifically, inXile replied to one of the posters that there will be a backer only store that will have some upgrade options. They will talk more about them after the kickstarter closes. @Travis Why is everybody giving $100 to have a stupid ugly watch and instead of putting all their money on Wasteland 2?!?! What is wrong with people this days! David Emigh - Yes they can... with SCIENCE. @Just: Not via Kickstarter and probably not at all. An avenue for additional funds is actually detrimental to the pre-production stage. It benefits developers to know exactly how much money they are working with at the start so that they can allocate how to best assign that budget towards creating the game they want to make. It'd be like changing the design of a house already half-built because you found out that you can actually afford that Jacuzzi. The result is a longer construction time (and dismantle time to incorporate the new design) and a higher end expenditure. Pitfalls such as this are why working with some publishers can be very frustrating--sudden changes in direction halfway through, arbitrary movements in the shipping date, etc etc. @Travis; yes. But highest funded video game could be beaten :P @Jason Morris: I know you're kidding, but here is a fun saying owed to a former boss... One woman can make one baby in nine months, and Nine women can make nine babies in nine months, but Nine women can NOT make one baby in one month. @Just. You could probably donate to their Paypal still, but I am not sure of the team's official stand on it. Is the DF record the all-time kickstarter record too? if it is, then wasteland 2 beating it wouldn't mean much anyway, Pebble (e-paper smart watch thingy) is going to take the crown from it in a couple of days anyway. A few days in and it already has more than WL2. Wait who said yesterday that they were kicking around the idea of a backer store that might happen after the KS is done? Anyone remember that? paypal donations will also close, a bit after KS, <url>"funded"? some kinda slush fund to keep flicking a few bucks the way of the good guys? Seems shitty to just be like: "Yup thats it, no more giving worthy projects $ for you after this arbitrary date"? Will probabaly trickle another million if theres an opening Okay, I upgraded my pledge too. For one thing, I really liked what Brian said in the Q&A about being in charge of setting up a ranger base. I really like RPGs where I get to build something. Another point: I would really like this to go over 3 million, or even the DF record. @Matthew And different dimensions, too, don't forget that. and lets not forgot different timezones that people are in I wish paypal would go as fast as kickstarter. xD Some of us just want the game :P And are backing waaaaay too many projects. I wonder why are there so many people still in the $15 tier. Haven't they seen the new goodness in the $30 tier? If we get to $3 million, do we get the game next week? We've been making ~$120 a minute for the last 3 hours, and it's going to increase once people start getting back from work/school We can mod the game to leave eachother notes...kind of like a social thing!!! 15k until 2.8, if we include Paypal. Come on guys we only 4.3 million more! I do good math Hey, maybe if we hit 3 million we can then make a mod for Wasteland 2 where we can all chat together and share our experi... wait. 2700000! there it is! Notices KS has passed 2.7 million... Waits for the inevitable post about how we only need 300k to reach 3 million. :p Here comes a big number (excluding paypal :P ) I have a shed at my house. Everyone pile in! @Richard, this place will be here even after it's funded! We'll find a new home, Richard... "Sigh" I'm gonna miss this place. You say it charles. Let's make jawsome awesomeness never to forget! no moar grumpy!!! just moar money!! Have to go home. There is my linear extrapolator. Forgive Rachel... she only recently got a graphics card. Moar! What is going on here? Grumpy legion arrived? Brother None on the forum posted this about WL1 EA and inXile are in negotiations about re-releasing Wasteland so I hope it happens Just upped my pledge to the T-Shirt level. We can make 3 million!!! Regret lamentable ignorance when it comes to games. Hahaha. Still finishing DA:O, but I got tired after fifteen hours straight in Orzammar. Come on guys, we need those mod tools! KEEP IT GOING! =D Oh, yes! It IS Fallout! Oh well. @Rachel- Oh you trickster! ;) I am actually playing it right now! Great game, both 1 & 2 Was it Fallout? Erich just told me to get it, so I did. Ha haha. @Gene I think they meant Fallout @Matthew Farmery - I think that if this project had appeared before DFA's it would have made more than DFA did. WL1 is on GOG?! This reminds me that I have Wasteland 1 on GOG and that I should play it. @Mark Actually, have you had Mako shark? It's pretty f*cking awesome! Only place I've been able to find it served is in Kansas City. so what do you think this party tonight is going to be about? Are we all just going to watch the inXile get hammered for 2 hours? If that's the case, I want it to go 4 hours! Just signed up to put in my bit. After this closes don't forget all the other great crpgs on here that look exciting (Like Shadowrun ^^)! Keep it going! @Bryan - Not in any restaurant I've been to. It's been so long since I've looked in a Monster Manual that I've forgotten all about Bulettes. Also, that reminds me of another Kickstarter I told myself I'd pledge into.. brb. not sure this will break DFA record, I wasn't sure if we will hit 3mill to be honest, but now its looking very possible, still there is still time @Doran: Landsharks have a longer pedigree. At some point prior to the release of Fallout 3, Bulettes acquired the alternative name landsharks. Actually I really wanted this to break DFA's record but that seems highly unlikely its looking likely now that 3 mill is possible, including paypal, so lets do this @Doran Shark>>>>>>>>Crab I am not having fun. I AM MAD! I WANT 3 MIRRION DORRAH NOW!!! Fun for all!!! And let's get that 3 million dammit!!!! @All Landsharks - What I don't get is how these are fundamentally any different from the MIrelurks in Fallout 3. Those were also pantsless mutated humanoid sea creatures. @Just Hey, no tongue! At least not till you buy me flowers. :p Though I don't like sifting through all the Landshark and lentils references when reading the comments here I have ZERO problems with their enthusiasm for this game nor their lighthearted comments. We're ALL just having fun and eagerly await the final total early tomorrow morning! As the noisy female in the group, I will represent the sharks and air kiss back at you with my basking mouth! mwah! @Just, LMAO that was not a reply I was expecting. Let's get that 3 million, people! Ok kiss and make up *air kisses* Mwah mwah.. 3 million$! lets bankroll thi$!! Can't we all just get along? Hi everybody. Let's please not fight. I'm looking forward to an exciting final day of pledges. @Just No one is trying to force anything on anyone. Maybe your genius brain can comprehend this: We never intended to meme, nor are we now. It's just a bunch of fellow WL2 supporters having fun, and as a result a bunch of strangers became friends. That's what this was about, and still is. @just We're just having a bit of fun in the comments here. Promise, we're not actually unreasonable tools when it comes to the inserts to the game itself and have had serious discussions on the matter. Let's not fight, hey? It's always like this with landsharks, nobody ever support them... Pledge pledge pledge! 20 20 20 20 20 20 ahhhhhhhhhhh Allright, I caved, up to $ 30,-now. Well my SA cronies have sunk $2500 but even they arent trying to force the issue so blatently.. want a hand grenade? stairs in your house? no? because its pretty stupid yeah.. a group of people shouldnt try and take over and force some retarded meme's on the majority and NMA and RPG codex has as well, come on guys, just tone it down a bit please, your not the only group to add funding for stuff in game, getting a bit sick of this landshark this, landshark that, there are plenty of other backers as well I'm currently sitting at the $30 tier. The only reason I'm not upping to $55 is because I don't want the beta to spoil my experience of the main game. And no. I won't be able to resist if it's sitting right in front of me so might as well not be able to have it at all! @just Our $1000 donation says we're in your game. Deal with it... And have some lentils. :p Only 508 more comments to 10,000!!!! Okay, so I finally made an account to back this game. Didn't think I'd bother to do it for just one game but hey what can I say I'd like this game to have mods. Christ, if the end of this kickstart brings one thing, it'll hopefully lead to the atrophy and death of the "landshark". If they make their way into my game, theres gonna be a general smashing of cartilage, jaws and much rejoicing. In closing: keep out of my game. :) @Gavin He's not so interactive, he didn't even offer you some lentils. @ Richard Blackrose If it's anything like I expect it will be combination of buttons that you actually have to think about before pressing them. Then boom...headshot. ;) This user's account has been deleted. @cb I think this should happen, the Fallout games were a bit like that already. I also want the inventory to take in account the itens size, and not only weight (as in the Fallout games) @Richard Don't worry, you can mod that in when we hit $3mil! =D This user's account has been deleted. @rattrimble Wait, are you saying there will be no awesome button in WL2? That we actually have to make our own awesomeness??!! I want my money back! :p Now I want to go hunt down my Interplay anniversary disc and play the games on it... @Gavin-Well we appreciate your support completely. It's reall big of you to pledge even though this isn't your kind of game. Thank you just the same. I hope it has a great inventory system, like when you kill someone you get their stuff rather then some other games where its random what you get @ Erich Lichnock And they're thinking "If only Fargo would be smart enough to dumb it down to dog-dirt levels and port it to the consoles." Magical Sky Daddy bless Fargo for making this. May it be the start of a renaissance and return to games where you have to THINK and STRATEGIZE to make something awesome happen...instead of just "push a bu'on and something awesome hasta happen." (Dang you bioware...or whatever EA backed monstrosity that is being called bioware these days.) Sorry, I was choking on a dolphin I had for breakfast, got caught on its dorsal fin. All good now! This user's account has been deleted. @Gavin-I hope the same for you! This user's account has been deleted. To be a Landshark, or not to be...that is the lentil @Bryan Being a landshark means never having to say you're sorry, or "Ack." Multiplayer is like a box of rancid chocolates, You always know what you're going to get... Sickness then death. :p Ack, I mean $2.8mil! As well as areas that are devastated by nuclear detonation, I really hope there are in-tact areas that are dilapidated and derelict with a real sense of abandonment and loneliness. Kinda like areas of half Life 2 such as along Highway 17. The Stalker series in particular is a good example of this since the populae left due to radiation. That's much more creepy and atmospheric to me than urban ruins everywhere. With paypal we're only $25k from $2.9mil!!! Fame for each backer: <url>"yup" wasn't precise enough for you? :p Brian Fargo and Chris Avellone in twitter: <url>#16/e=1f7176 List of active polls: <url>"old-school" turn-based cRPG. A bit sad about all those "DLC exclusive content" in kickstarter projects though. Wasteland 2 looks great anyway, should we raise more than 3 millions ;-) @Martin Bennsten, @Erich Lichnock: Cool, thanks for the info. I figured he didn't have the rights, the way things work in the entertainment industries in general. Still, wishful thinking. @Brittany according to the Reddit AMA, "some publishers" have already called Brian Fargo about it :-) <url>"whatsover", in one word right guys? @rocksteady I'm really hopping for a very dark game as well. I particularly would like to see at least one big area where there is no civilization left what so ever. Just mutant monster and destruction. And of course, a couple of landsharks preying around. Good luck Rick ! @Rick-Good luck sir! I have only 22 hours to complete last art. I think - i do it. In last hours Kickstarter-company. When inXile, Obsidian and their friends be celebrate win. Wish me luck. And good nuclear speed for this. He should offer Scorpitron 2.0 papercraft patterns! Come on guys, if you're a 15$ backer see if you can't spare 30$. See if we can't get this thing to 3m in 22 hours. Definitely music would be great. Just a small clip to get us humming through the months ahead I certainly hope so, maybe a new video update with some more news. Oooh! Maybe a clip from whatever Mark Morgan is working on right now! I hope the game is going to be grimy like Fallout, and dark like STALKER.. i am hoping we can get a true dark (survival like) atmospheric sense while playing Wasteland 2. :) So does anyone think Brian and crew have any more surprise goodies in store for us today? one last hurrah to pad the coffers? @matthew the scorpion 2.0 should waste your party hundreds of times. That is one of the reason you prefer PC over NPC , cause they tend to have a annoying tendency , to waste all your precious ammo , on a rat , dog or something else easy to kill . the scorpitron V2 should indeed be feared, but probably should lock off some areas of the game that contain some good stuff or high rewards, but you should still be very well equipped to take on one @kyle yes there ae tons of melee stuff , including the famous proton axe for npc . so they don't waste all your ammo in full auto . So for wasteland 2 they will be tons of melee weapon cause ammo is rare . Range weapon was as good as the amount of ammo you could scrounge . We will make more than double what we made yesterday, no doubt about it BTW everyone, we're at twice the pledge amount earned at this hour than we were at yesterday. If this persists, we should gain double what we pulled in yesterday! Will that be enough, I wonder... Just my way of saying how much freedom you will have in the game... And I don't want that damn scorpitron to take pleasure in taking the last shot! Punching fists with shotgun shells loaded into them... no The original Wasteland and its spiritual successor Fallout games all featured melee weapons as well. Everything from brass knuckles to spiked bats, clubs, katana, sledgehammers, power fists... thats how i feel now... and i am sad :( are you implying that Kyle Walton should shoot himself? :) You can probably even shoot yourself!... Maybe I should add that idea to google moderator hey? is there any Melee weapons? bats, sticks, fists? sorry for all the questions just really interested, and not playing the other ones its like i am lost in a wasteland I'm pretty sure you can shoot anyone you want in this game. But in all reality can i walk in to a town and shoot people at random? or are civilians off limits and only "bad guys" can be shot??? Pledge upped! @Kyle- I haven't heard about **** vans, but I did hear a leak about armies of gimps on unicycles with flamethrowers and ball gags. @Kyle Walton Just want to let you know its not us speaking through your TV and Radio about **** Vans and shooting in the testicles. We only tell you that you've been bad and not to take your meds. @Kyle Walton - You will be able to shoot cute grannies in the tits and beat up pregnant women like they're piñatas @kyle last game had an achievement called childkiller, and I still feel bad about unloading my clip into all those poor women and dogs, as I raided a village. Regarding a house in the game, there's a thread (and poll) about this on the Wasteland 2 forum here: <url>"call of duty" style where my gun wont fire if its a "good guy" @Kyle Walton - There will probably be vehicles. At least we know you'll have helicopters at your disposal since that's how you'll supposedly get to California, but we don't know how it will work. Also, this is as sandbox as sandbox games can get. And what do you mean about environment limitations? i upped mine from 250 to 350 3m here we come I wonder if pantless landsharks will be a foot and a half tall and roam in packs... Having territorial battles with scaly chihuahuas play fallout 1 and 2 there great. doh my save file for fallout 1 there the other day corrupted itself :( Will there be vehicles, possibly a window less **** van (color wont matter) I never played wasteland 1, or any of the fall out series... but this seems really cool! so i am excited to try it out... I just am not sure of the limitations of the wasteland environment... is it truly sandbox style? upped mine to 30 from 15 lets hope we get 3m Accusations were flying like airborne lentils! Let's dream! @Kyle Walton - And later in the game you will be in charge of setting up another Ranger base in California, which you will probably be able to costumize by recruiting personnel, and I personally hope, build in additional facilities. Did somebody accuse us of spamming... Spawning certainly, spamming,never, unless you're talking about spam with lentils. @Kyle Walton - As far as we know, your home is Ranger Center! This user's account has been deleted. I pledged $50 because I live in the country and only have access to extremely limited satellite internet. Thanks for a boxed copy option! Do you have a house in this game? or just roam the wasteland with buckets of murder? @ Charles Middleton III Good morning to you too! I meant 1am Well crap, the event starts at 1pm my local time. :/ Is there any chance that it'll be recorded and uploaded later? @Karambini, but, but these don't update quickly enough. How can I satisfy my F5 hunger if a page only updates every five minutes or every hour? Besides, how can I look out for landsharks if I don't read the comments? <url>"Sharkey" in the game (hopefully!) XD Also, I am all for a Landshark Gun to stumble across in some diabolical lab in the wasteland... @Justin- Hold tight. We will get you up to speed as soon as we can. Just got a landshark email and am beyond lost.... Yeah forget what I said earlier and go with Paavo's opinion. That's it. @Tanglebones: Some are just trying to force a meme and being really persistent over it. Land shark has jumped the shark. It can do that, 'cos of the legs. Ah, thank you Charles. Appreciate the quick response! @Ken-They don't send anything until they confirm via email where you want everything to go. I've got a question: I've pledged $30. But I move next month... Will they send me an email asking for another address to send the Novella (unless this is digital)? I'd hate for them to send it to my old address. @Tanglebones- The Pantsless Landshark Society is a band of pledgers who have pooled their money together to pledge $1000 for a Pantsless Landshark to be in the game. Whether it's an NPC, Location or weapon, we are ensuring the continued dominance of this proud society. We all have our own pledges plus the Landshark pledge. All are welcome to our cause. And I assure you we are not ****! At least we don't think so! @ Tobias Becker: Mark Morgan has been confirmed (and has already started working on) the soundtrack for WL2. He did the soundtrack for FO1&2, and most of the music for PS:T. He's very good. Rest assured that the soundtrack is in good hands! Oh right, Diablo III is coming out next month... Yeeeeah I don't think I care much about that game anymore... ;) They already have Mark Morgan. Sorry, but he's more fitting than Clint. Brian... pls hire Clint Mansell for the soundtrack... this would be epic.... Not that there's many **** backers, of course! Most of us are wonderful people who I'd love to have over for tea some day... provided I could rent a convention centre and a few tanker trucks full of tea. So what is up with "landsharks"? I pop in here once or twice a day, and all I see recently is people saying "landshark, landshark, landshark"? Is it something the cool backers do that I'm missing out on? Or is it something the **** backers are doing to be insulting? still... hope the apocalypse won't come knocking at my door end of this month. then i'd have a problem. I just used "landshark" for a temp file name in my code. Unfortunately when I looked at it turned out I wrote "landshart" by mistake. preparedness is next to godliness... when you pledge more than you can afford. @Mats-I salute you and your survivalism skills! Very impressive. pfft lentils. i've calculated that my food will run out three days before the paycheck comes... luckily i've got a 72hour bag with MRE rations. kickstarter survivalism! I even offered everyone 1 lentil each if we got to 3 million. ... Haha oh god that is a horrible fate, but a noble sacrifice! @Erich-A guy named Karl was talking about his donation and how he put all his money into this project, so all he would be eating for the next month was Lentils. Of course the comedy crew got involved, and one thing led to another, and everything went Lentils for a long time. We even came up with the Landsharks Nemesis...The Sea Lentil! It's the polar opposite of the Landshark. It wears pants, lives in the sea/not land, and is inedible by Landsharks. A truly fearsome creature! @Erich Lichnock: Someone (sorry that I don't remember his name) commented that as a student, his pledging would leave him eating lentils for the rest of the month. I never saw the beginnings of the lentil thing. How did that one start? or Honeybadgers! Also hungry thin kids on trikes aren't fresh. I can see them if I go out of my house and look on the street. I maybe see 7 a day at least... Angry honey melons on the other hand... Not even the dreaded Sea Lentil can insta kill a Pantsless Landshark. insta kill a Landshark??!!! I think not! I think that is what you are supposed to do if you see a landshark, actually... seriously, this landshark bullshit gets old too fast. i mean i seriously understand your arousal after having commonfunded it, but spamming the comments with it wont contribute further to the funding of others. please come up with some fresh ideas like angry honeymelons or the hungry thin kid on a trike, but please spare us other backers. seriously if i see a landshark in wasteland 2 i will insta kill it before it has a chance to use its headmounted laser... There was a rumour going around yesterday that someone was talking to Brian about pitching in a six figure sum. Then the news went quiet after... OOTS has nearly 18500 comments ;) But beating 10K is fine with me, and more realistic. @Erich Lichnock - what rumour is that? I didn't hear about it Even though everyone is stretching for at least 3 mill, it deserves to be said how amazing Wasteland 2 raised at least three times the required amount for one of the biggest minimum goals for a Kickstarter game. That's huge :). What happened with the rumour of the guy pledging a six figure sum? So long ago as a little kid one of the first games I played was Star Trek 25th Anniversary with my dad on a 286. Later when I was older in high school I got my mitts on Fallout one and loved it to death. I only heard stories about wasteland from my friends. However? Given whose involved on the writing? I just couldn't say no to this. We still have 65 position of $1000 level. Nice chance to save some part of you in Wasteland history :) this is the digital congregation of all turn-based rpg gamers and we just raised 2.7mill for our favorite game developers. fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu Need almost exactly 10K per hour from here on out to hit $3M total. But will it reach 3mil? ;] Is it gonna break DFA:s amount? Up to you guys. How much must each and every backer up their pledge to break 3.3 mil? Soo.. we need 10,000 comments :D Just a little more than 24 hours now... 56,083 $2,666,669 epic... @Nick, I sent you off an email regarding landsharks. Remember, more pledges, more landsharks! There's a chance comments can hit 10,000. That's something even the Doublefine one hasn't done. Giev... Mark... Morgan... music... @Donnie, it's much better done in a Dr. Evil voice. Nick: Ok, now I'm curious. Sent you an email! 3 Million Dollars!(read in Lifestyles of the rich and famous narrator voice) This user's account has been deleted. 3... million... dollars! (read in Dr. Evil's voice) @Fishos one big circle-jerk Go go 3 million! :D For those of you anxiously awaiting the $3,000,000 dollar mark, keep in mind that Paypal donations also count towards that, and those are currently at $84,000. Upped my pledge from 15 to 65 and now to 115... I´m very sure that Brian will make a wealthy follower to Wasteland, Fallout 1-2... @Chales: So you landsharks feed on rabbits? Rabbits in exchange for information, is that it? How much XP will I get for completing this quest? This user's account has been deleted. @Shaggy-We thank you very much for your bones!! Long live Good Games!! Well added my hard earned 50 bones, I never thought i'd see the return of this type of game especially after the pile of crap the fallout series became after bethsoft took it over(okay it kinda redeemed it's self for FO VN. I'm a big time Fo1 and 2 fan and really am impressed how well this came togather so far. Good Luck Guys!!!! @Fishos--Shennanigans you say!!?? The Pantsless Landshark is only the most Jawsome and powerful group of pledgers in the history of pledgedom! The question is. how deep into the rabbit hole are you prepared to go to find out about us? Raised pledge from $30 to $115. Be very careful with my CE box! :P We made $120K yesterday. We will make around 3 times that today What's all this "pantsless landshank" shenanigan?? @Charles Middleton III - Yay, I apparently got my math right :). Thanks for confirming. Pace for the final 25 hours still needs to average about 170 dollars a minute for 3 million (counting paypal). We need $10,210 an hour to get to 3 million! Thats only $170 a minute. Here's hoping today is the big donation day!!!! closing in on the last 24 stretch. @Floyd-Thank you sir! Expect your interweb email now! @david: yes, it comes with higher tiers @charles: done&thx @David-All tiers $30 and above @Erich-Ok ready to do some work. Hey I can't grab Floyd's email address out of that forwarded email. @Floyd-Trying to get you in the loop. While Erich is busy can you shoot me an email so I can put you in the group? <email> is the portrait collection for 30 dollars only or does it come with the higher tiers? @Charles, Erich; thank you victorious landsharks and now that you mention work i remember about mine... I'm sure more will. I think more people should up from $15 to $30 @erich @floyd- I have to get ready for work so it will take me a while to get Floyd up to speed @floyd-hang tight buddy. We don't forget about our fellow landsharks! Arrhh, the Richard seduced me to join the dark side. so i cannot oppose... There are lentils to be harvested... Just upped my pledge from 15 to 30. Wanted to show my support and love the new rewards. I'll do my best. Literally woke up 2 minutes ago and have to get ready for work. Charles, can you handle this? I will forward his mail to you. Work is busy Ah good morning. I wake up and see my fellow landsharks hard at work on the pledge drive. Am I reading this correctly? Floyd might be part of our rank and file soon?! @Erich you got mail and i will do my part... @Floyd - now if you just want to help put money to the Landshark cause, you can up your pledge with InXile so we get closer to that mod kit! @Floyd: Sorry I am at work so a bit slow responding. drop me an email at <email> and I'll connect you to the mailing round robin. Be warned, you will receive about 1000 e-mails a day! @Karambini Probably you need to ask Mark Morgan if he'll at online TV :) @Karambini, I've been looking to make a Planescape: Torment comment at dakkon, but I can't beat yours. Well played. Think we'll see* Think we'll a new video update soon? Possibly with a music clip from Mark Morgan? @Erich Where's the bowl to throw in my lentils? I just threw down 115. Please keep it as close to the original as possible and focus on additional content. No social aspects please and no fancy 3d camera that allows you to rotate etc - issues with camera angles are my no1 pet peeve eg Neverwinter Nights, Age of decadence etc. A nice simple overhead or isometic camera. What's the deal/meme with "land shark" - what is this all about? last one @Lathorp @ That's because they are controlled by the great sea lentil. Thank. Probably inXile can make something like that, but on official site of game. Should be interesting. @SXX - Very nice! ;) @Floyd Ryan - Shame none of the ocean sharks are interested in WL2. Eric is a PR machine. PS: He is the only totally naked landshark. No pants, shirt, underpants no nothing. @Erich Lichnock Congrats guys! :) @dakkon - In knowing the teachings of <url>"trends" by diving total money by days. Not really sophisticated. @Markus : DDDDb It's JAWSOME. Hey landsharks. Did you manage to scrape together the $1000? (Sorry, couldn't keep up with reading all these comments). I'd love to see the landshark in Wasteland, I can't promise much (already are invested with $165), but I guess I could throw in some bucks for a good cause... @Lathorp They are including too much history into their model. It's more a local thing now, at least linear growth. Just compare with Double Fine... @Julien Holef - Yes! I don't have much money to spend but I would really love to go for the $250 tier if I could, but I just upped my pledge from $15 to $30 because it seems to be the best value @Erich: Let's ship these people some pancakes. Haha, we were talking about helping the guys produce their shirts since they are so cheap here (maybe 3 dollars each with print already, one color silk screen), but shipping will be a killer to the US anyway. Would pancakes be cheaper?? Did they really have pancakes? Looking at Kicktraq, it doesn't look good for 3 million but I think their modeling for finishing days is too conservative. The new $30 Gift pack is amazing. What I like the most is the vidéo Dev Blog. It's always interesting to have an inside look on games. @ET3D - How about iguana skewers? @deVoid Studios, DFA passed $3M because they had pancakes! We need more pancakes. Or even pizza. Anything. Might be a post apocalyptic setting, but we still need food. And drink. Drink always helps. Hey SXX! Think we'll reach 3m before it's over? Brian Fargo and Chris Avellone in twitter: <url>#16/e=1f7176 List of active polls: <url>Łukasz Cyfert - check the FAQ for those specific tiers at the end of the Project Home tab. We need 10k/hr to reach 3M, so spin the social (bleh) marketing machine folks! ;) We need $160 per minute to reach 3M... step in europe! Any idea what the miniature offerred will be like? @Mark Plain Yes if you are ordering anything which is non digital. ie tshirt, boxed @Lathorp Nah, for that you have to ask a unicorn or the magic Liopleurodon. 55$ tier has "digital map and instruction book". It's not stated that 15$ and 30$ tiers have them, but i suppose they should, does anybody know? I thought I was gonna get a candygram from a landshark once, but it was a lie... @de void A landshark is never sarcastic when he has his pants down... ;P Trolls ya say? That i eat for breakfast with marmalade! @Brandon I hate the interwebs...you can never tell if someone is being sarcastic :) @Julia Gosztyla Ziobro - WTF? Really? I don't get why Kickstarter is against Kicking in Forward. Is it because the funding money won't go through their channels or something? @de Void, Us RPG gamers encounter trolls in many of our games, we know not to feed them So the game will be 3d from a top down view, or 2d like starcraft? Got stupid questions. 1) If you are international You have to add the $15 to your pledge right? So, if you want to pledge $100 you actually have to pledge $115 correct? 2) Is international defined as outside the US or outside NA? Sorry for the idiocy of that but it often pays to be absolutely sure before the time is up. Ama landshark....I'l bite your shit in haf. HAF I SAYS! Weak you say? You bloody follower of the sea lentil! We are too weak to make it 3 mil. No one cares enough. We should just give and let the like of Double Fine define our gaming future. Yey! Go adventure games! FDF! @Scott, yes they will. If we keep the last 17h rate we end up at 2.92M. We need more lentils! Now! So bummed that projects have to remove the Kicking it Forward logo because of Kickstarter decree... Alain: Again, in the $55 version. This is so ( . Y . ) I see there is an extra digital copy in the $30 tier. Will people getting the $100 tier also get 2 digital copies? Bear in mind the $75 tier is $90 for me. That's a hell of a leap for half-a-novella, especially when I could get most of the items in digital form for $10 less. (Not that I'd actually REDUCE my funding level. Even if I had a sudden mental breakdown and decided I could live without the map and box for the sake of part 2 of the novella, I'd still kick in the $65). It's probably a little late in the day to be amending tiers wholesale, though. I was just running through Fallout 1/2 again, and I came across Chris Avellone's or "the king of the dance floor" grave. Good times. Upped my pledge because I found my brother's old C64 and wasteland plus the new 30$ tier is awesome. @Barry Yes it's included in the 55$ tier, but then the cloth map, box and instruction manual aren't in that package, but they are in higher tier packages, that's where most of the extra cost comes from. @Barry And access to the Beta Check out the FAQ, Barry. You still get the map in the 75 package come on 3 million! Wasteland 2 Kickstarter Progress <url>"all digital" package. In this day and age, I'm fine with mostly digital items. But I don't want to give up the box and map, not even for the second part of the novel. As far as I understand these software-OS things, a version of a software that runs on Windows is a different product from a version that runs on Mac, or one that runs on Linux, and all three versions incur different costs to produce. Even at work, the licenses we have from vendors for different OS are counted differently even if they are being used by the same person. So to me, it's fairly reasonable to get a copy for one device, and then have to pay for the second product for a different OS. @Tanglebones Awesome comment xD @ Teemu Pääkkönen: I bought Skyrim for my PC... shouldn't I be able to play it on my brother's PS3 as well? Developing a game for multiple platforms costs money for each platform, so it's perfectly justifiable to charge money for each platform. @Erich exactly what I think, all Linux people complain and complain instead of being grateful. @Ronald the $55 pledge includes all the digital content, besides getting to name things at $1,000+ so there isn't anything to add to make a higher all digital option. But if you want to pledge more, just select the $55, and use Manage Your Pledge to increase it. @Erich, Not getting cookies with their pledge? This is not indicative of all Linux users, but I want to ask: what is wrong with you guys? A game doesn't have Linux support and you get angry. It gets Linux support when it wasn't going to have it initially and then you complain that it isn't cross platform and you can't play it on both windows and Linux. What will you complain about if you get your cross platform? I meant Mac Os X not Linux, sorry, typo And Steam version will probably be Steamplay(Both Windows & Linux) Point is, you will probably get a digital Steam copy of the game. That means you get one copy for a single Steam account. Whether you install Steam on one or on multiple computers makes no difference, since you're still on the same account. At 30$ you can give your second copy to a different Steam account, i.e. you friends. Spoilers: all the extra portraits will be shark heads Let me repeat this one last time to all the backers: The time to to step up is now and the latest update gave us the legitimate tools for it! If you happen to have a friend who has no Amazon or Paypal account and/or is a bit short on cash just at the moment, you can up the pledge to $30 and give (sell) the second copy to him/her. So, there is no more reason for them not to back the project with a bit of your help! Teemu: It's not milking; it's a BONUS. And correct me if I'm wrong but I'm pretty sure you only need one game to get the full experience. All that aside, I just upped my pledge for the video dev blog. I was planning on pledging more anyway, so this is just an excellent cherry on the top @Micheal Brooks same here :( but it's still better than nothing :D Milking money from those who use multiple platforms is a vile move. I, for example, want to play the game on both my Linux and Windows PCs. If I was only using, say, Windows on my PCs, everything would be OK, but now I have to pay double the price, just because I happen to run several different operating systems? This, in my opinion, is just plain wrong. @Zigballistic I agree. I really like the Dev Blog + MCA Novella additions as well. @Ziv Shamir Do it, I just increased my pledge too ;) So if you want to go all digital, pledge at 55$ is the highest? Would be cool with some 75$ pledge thats all digital. @Chris Even that is pretty amazing! At work, every little thing is blocked. Surprising that Kickstarter got through the network, really! Doubling the character portraits sold me. Increasing how I could customize my ranger team in a non game changing way that is also unique to those that back the game was a great way to get me to increase my pledge. :D @karl all good points. I see what you mean... @bodrog your spamming the comments here and on banner saga about tortured hearts. Its all you comment on. Stop. I was considering them, but if they employ sock puppets they don't deserve support. I'm now considering to rise my pledged,hm.... 3 million,we are so close... @David Silva *salute* @Rachel Teng - I said I could play them at work, not whilst I should be working :) I suppose I should have said work equipment--which is Mac. My only regret is I could only afford to pledge $150. i would also like to see a "Programmers Blog" with updates about things currently implented, problems faced and solved, nice programming tricks and work-in-progress screenshots. David will be safe when the end comes! @bodrog: I am likely to pledge something to that later. My office network blocks Amazon. @David Silva I salute you sir! *salute* just backed 500 big ones gimme that wastelaNd survival kit :D Just a reminder: together with paypal, the missing amount would cover another game, entirely: <url>"off", weird looks, crashes and broken game events. If the programmers do not end up implement something or implement something wrong, it will be wrong, no matter how good the design is. Like I said before, I think that inXile will do just fine, but I just wanted to express my one and only fear for this project and I hope that we'll get some insight into what the programmers do during the development (it be very educational for me :D) Just upped my pledge to $30. Good luck hitting $3 million guys! @karl the best crpgs ever have come from this team. Programmers implement game designs, and these are the best game designers in the business. @Robert: Thanks for all that info! My sister is also looking to buy a new gaming laptop (for Guild Wars 2, haha) but I will now ask her to hold off until June/July instead of getting one now. @robert Thanks! I just got my hands on a old Dell Precision 490 shoved a couple quad core Xeons in it and a EVGA GTS450 superclocked (It runs most anything in 720p quite well), and it reignited my passion for gaming, now it has me looking for a new laptop. @Michael: Let's just blame the publisher Bethesda for that one, right? ;) @Karl - Hunted: Demon Forge was kind of crappy. So... fingers crossed. No offense to the team who worked on that game. @Robert Ellis - Thanks for the info on "Ivy Bridge" types of processors. Will watch for those :). @brandon the situation with the laptops for gaming is this... Ivy bridge is the new chipset from Intel, and its coming with some cool technologies that will make faster, cheaper, lighter, and longer battery life ultrabooks. It should drop the prices on current generation laptops considerably, as they will have to compete with some badass hardware coming out. Laptops are Bottlenecks by discrete graphic cards, so sandy bridge in gaming laptops with beefy sandy bridge processors like i7s should be great for gaming. You should be able to get deep discounts in June when the ultrabooks get announced. I don't have specific models for you though... Here's a video of Tim Cains Post Mortem on Fallout: <url>"right". But I trust the rest of the team enough to give them far more money than I afford... @Robert E - You're quite right on that one. I've backed Shadowrun as well. But we do have Brian Fargo... Brian "M@other F#cking" Fargo after all. Although, I have to admit, I have not been waiting 24 years for Wasteland. In fact, I never played the original Wasteland :o But, I'm big big fan of Fallout 1 and 2. TIM CAIN WHY AREN'T YOU HERE!?!?! @Michael: LOL, well now it's Gabriel Singh! Goodnight, landsharks, well it's time to go, Goodnight, landsharks, well it's time to go, I hate to leave you, but I really must say, Goodnight, landsharks, goodnight. The only one I miss on the Wasteland 2 staff is the ELITE NINJA HAXXOR PROGRAMMER Tim Cain, who by himself programmed the whole game engine for Fallout 1 & 2. He's a nerd hero! @Cattleclysm - True but I don't get any of the backer-only updates if there's any changes which might intrigue me to invest further. @natasqi: They meant that there is no real multi player, but you could control 2 rangers per person or discuss the tactical combat. It's the kind of game where that actually works. @Natasqi - what he means is two people at one computer, but only one person actually controlling the game, the other just experiencing it with the forst, and contibuting ideas on what to do next. @Karl and Erich - oh well. @Erich - LOL.. It's Gabriel Knight! Shadowrun returns looks interesting, and I'm backing it, but not close to how much I'm backing wl2. I don't trust that team like I do inxile and pals. Plus havnt been waiting 24 years for a Shadowrun sequel. This place really should have a real chat... Hope the live stream has a chat! @Erick @Michael. Thanks for the quick answers but I remain confused. Do you mean two people playing at one computer (i.e. two people at one console?) so not able to LAN etc? @Mathew: I was reading my course book on shader programming like 7 hours ago and took a "quick break" to check up on kickstarter... @Valvar - Shadowrun for the SNES and Genesis. Now, those you can PIRATE! Sorry, bad sorry. Just ignore me. @Michael: Don't quote me on this, but I think the co-op play option was already axed earlier on. It's also very unpopular on the forums. Also, for the longest time, I thought the guy in your avatar was an Indian man wearing a turban... @Erich: That's how we played the original back in the day and would get in fights about what to have our Rangers do and fight for the keyboard. A lot more interaction they old school way ;) I'll be glad when this is over its distracting me from my studies. I'm sure I failed an exam because of this place. @Michael: From what Fargo's said the will be no MP at all, what so ever. The focus is 100% a great single player experience. @robert could you provide some model numbers of these nice gaming laptops, i'm in the market, AND EVERYONE TELL ANY RPG FAN TO GET THEIR DUFF IN HERE AND PLEDGE!!! @Natasqi - multi-player, yeah, there's gonna be some death matches and capture the map. Oh, you don't mean that typr. Maybe there'll be some Baldur's Gate type of multi-player, yes? @Vavlar There are already two older 2D adaptions of Shadowrun, play them :) @Natasqi: Hi! This is a single player game. However, if you want to play with a friend, all you'll need is an extra stool or chair. :) @Lathorp You could just star the project. Oh mighty Fargo/Avellone you have my 30$! I feel like I should have backed the shadowrun game, but I am honestly not sure about a 2d adaptation of a PnP RPG. Oh, you probably meant the updates, not sure if those get emailed out by watching a project. <url>"V" name. Six thousand goddamned posts about him, by him, are enough! :p Rachel just knows that she can just bother me to show her the videos over lunch or something. Ok, how about this. A homage to my favourite line in Fallout: New Vegas: War, war never changes.... but sharks change through the currents they swim... and the roads they now walk. Think I kind of butchered those lyrics ... Haha, I understand where Valvar is coming from, even if yeah, I don't agree with it. But I expect I must be a really easygoing person when it comes to rewards. All I really want is the game itself. And Landsharks. Dundun dundun. I WILL EAT LENTILS FOR LUNCH. Absolutely nothing ... say it again now ... good God ya'll ;)~ I hope the videos will be subtitled (in english obvjusly), or with my poor english I can't appreciate to the maximun. >_< God damnit @Wodwo! Hahaha. I was hoping we'd at LEAST avoid Godwin's Law! You've gone and ruined it! @Erich +1 Needs more land sharks to filter out the serious talks. @Erich ... what is it good for? Hitler /argument Now that was f**king brilliant, Erich. Haha, alcarays comment made my day. Especially meetings with the Bobs. War never changes, JJ @Cattleclysm Hear, hear! Dunno. The videos sound too much like project meetings to me. I'd rather die than go back to having project meetings. No worries Valvar, everyone benefits from debate its how one affects change ... well that or war ... @Valvar Just shut up and do what you want to do. You won't gain anything by announcing whole kickstarter that you're gonna pirate the development videos. What you're doing is bloody disgraceful. Brian raising money here for his dream and you're complaining because you're so butthurt about Mass Effect 3. For fuck sake, get some sense. So where is the Sharkotron 2.0 concept art? @Valvar There's no 'might' in your previous post... And if your argument is you only pirate things that you feel 'entitled to', well, that's laughable. As soon as I saw the new $30 rewards, I increased my pledge from $15. I love my videogame soundtracks! :) @Richard: Wow ... right to the point. huzzah. this is a good pic... "Half Man, Half Shark; Equals One Complete Gentleman" What are these pants you speak of? Are they related to lentils? And sorry for stirring things up again. I will leave now, sorry. @valvar you will benefit from backers who up their pledge. They get some more rewards, everyone gets a better game from their additional development monies. More money = more wasteland 2. We would all love your support... But if you plan to cancel do it, as posting here is for backers, so put up or shut up. @Justinian: I never said I would pirate a game. I said I might pirate development videos which I felt entitled to. @Rhandom Welcome! Did you remember to take off your pants? @JJ I'm sure it has eaten a lot of lentils in its time! @Rhandom Welcome! @Karl: AKA you can never make everyone happy. ;) Well, and not having any more money when they announce it ^_^. Valvar backed down. Leave him alone guys. I can understand his position even if I don't agree with it intellectually. We already lost a long-time commenter, Jayce, to this unfortunate spat, so let it be. Ah, finally found my shark pic :) @Rachel: They are close ... the whale shark is mottled color so that is what tipped me off to the basking ... the mouth is very distinctive ... good for eating lots o' sea lentils at one time I know, let's spend the last 32 hours just with posts debating with Valvar. Good times. :p We never stopped. :p @Rhandom: They do look a lot alike! I thought this was a whale shark at first, too! I have a dream and in it something eats you ... and I get Wasteland 2 =)~ Well yeah, stop bashing and putting words into the poor dudes mouth. I kind of understand that people can feel frustration when additions to the $30 tier suddenly pop up. Making such a fuzz about it is stretching it though, the intentions are very good - people wanted vblogs and better $30 rewards. There is always someone in a big group of people that will feel let down by change. Oh Lord, sharkboys are at it again :) @Valvar, the least you can be is honest. Your comment from 25 min ago: "That is all good and all, but the cause, in my opinion, doesn't feel so great when I feel extorted. Of course I can just "stop feeling extorted" and "stop being entitled and greedy", but that's not the way things work. I guess I'll just support $15 and then pirate the stuff that I "feel entitled" to. I would rather not (believe me or not) but I just don't feel like these guys are working towards a "great cause" or anything like it. They have the goal to make a great game, not save dying children or donate the money to any other charity." @Valvar: Your expectations are much greater than mine when it comes to what we backers should get dollar for dollar. If I pay for a game, I expect one copy of it. That could be one physical copy, or one DRM copy that can be downloaded ad infinitum but playable by one person at one time. And on a single platform. If I wanted the same game on anothe rplatform, I expect to pay for it again. @Rachel- I swim corrected! At least I had the fact that whale sharks eat plankton as well right! Fansharks to be accurate. @Rhandom: Although Whale Sharks and real big too and also eat only plankton. @Karl no thanks. Although I will enjoy some toast. @Valvar - Thank you for staying as a $15 backer. I know you don't think of this as a cause but as a grumpy old cRPG gamer who hasn't had this type of game made in a looooooong time it is to me. Your support is appreciated. @Valvar - See, we're fanboys... or gals. We don't pay to get; we pay to have a dream. Period. I respect your decision, however. With only 30 some hours left, it's crunch time, boys and girls... or sharks. @Rhandom: Nope! This one specifically is a basking shark. <url>"felt entitled" to the game on all platforms and felt that having development videos as "incentives to pay money" did not go very well with me. @Jared It won't cost Valvar more when it comes out as he's already indicated his intention to pirate the 'extras'. I'm willing to bet he's gunna pirate the game too. Hey backers, the time to to step up is now and the latest update gave us the legitimate tools for it! If you happen to have a friend who has no Amazon on Paypal account and/or is a bit short on cash just at the moment, you can up the pledge to $30 and give (sell) the second copy to him/her. So, there is no more reason for them not to back the project with a bit of your help! Besides pants wearing sea lentils are the weakest ... @Rachel - I thought that was the Whale Shark Went for a shower, came back, entire conversation has disappeared. *sigh* @Rachel: But you're a BF Shark ... get cred for sheer size! @Valvar - Thank you sir or m'am. $15 is $15! The ultimate goal here is the game. If you are prepared to pay more, you still don't get anything game-changing or story-changing that other pledgers lower down are getting. All you get is bonuses, like any other more-expensive collectors edition of a game. DLC DOES add content, it's in the name. If you don't buy it, you don't ge tit, but your friends who bought it will get it. So your friends experience of the game will be a bit deeper than yours. Suck it up, you never paid for it. If that DLC is somethign that, without it, prevents you from finishing the core game, then yes that is bad. If its somethign that the majority thinks is not integral to the core gaming experience and just quite simply more good stuff on top of that completed experience, like additional side quests or customizations, then its all well and good. If you think that content IS integral then your perspective is greatly skewed compared to the majority. Again, suck it up, you never paid for it, they did. But these rewards in the various tiers, they're not integral to the experience of - let's say it again - the game (the whole point of this kickstarter). Your comparisons and analogies are out of context. @Shirley Technically, if I have the basking shark, I might be the weakest of the lot. I can only eat plankton!! @Valvar: Storyline DLC is not the same as Development Vlog. False Analogy: <url>"essential" to the game?! @Valvar: Please accept that you made an assumption without basis (one cannot compare the DFA campaign to the WL2 campaign because they were made by essentially different people and thus can not be expected to comply to similar 'rules') and that your assumption was unfortunately wrong. I'm sorry you feel upset by it, but it was never stated that everyone would receive a development video, or even that we would get a development video at all. It is a bonus feature that costs money which would otherwise go to pure development, and if you wish to partake, you can join the tier that receives it to help offset the cost of its creation. If you're unsure about the project in general, it's probably a good idea to back out anyway. Just in terms of: for all you know the game could tank hard. If you're here more to buy the game than back the project, you may as well wait until it's been released and you can see gameplay footage and all that before committing. - The way I view Kickstarter (and how it's been worded on other games, not so much here) is that you pledge an amount of money to the project, and in return they give you a gift of the game for free (or other rewards). Rather than using Kickstarter sort of as a pre-order shop. - The only downside to backing out and waiting is that you wont get the unique and quirky skill, and it'll probably cost more money on release. (But that'll go down eventually). - As for the web-series, I'm almost positive somebody will upload that to youtube instantly... >.< Pledging more money to the project just sort of ensures you're one of the first to see it, as it's a gift to you specifically. There is a huge difference. That was a part of the game. A video blog is not. Nice. "Sigh" Another fellow Landshark who hasn't quite grasped the whole shark persona. We eat nice and assholes. Er, that didn't come out quite the way I though it would. :p All right, I'll compare it to the Mass Effect 3 DLC. I am not exactly sure how essential the $10 dlc was, as I never actually bought the game (I did not feel like supporting EA), but as I heard it it added to the story and a lot of people who did feel that it was essentially simply did not buy it because they felt extorted. Does this make any sense to you at all? I guess the difference is that EA is "an evil big publisher" and these people are "nice guys working for a greater cause". And eat some lentils, they're good for you! @Valvar Show some empathy then and think of the intentions rather than how you perceive the result. Thinking that way almost always leads to nicer, more thought through and clearer thoughts. Lentils rock! @Valvar I do not think that extortion is the correct word for it, but I think I am starting to get a picture of your complaints. As far as I understand it, you feel slighted because as a 15-dollar pledger, you don't get additions that the 30-dollar tier one got lately. But again, I think you are missing out on the point that the 30-dollar rewards were only upgraded lately to make it more attractive to the rest of the 15-dollar pledgers -- a response to popular demand by the backers, who suggested it as a way of reaching the 3M goal. The original set gave back less than this, and it's a bit strange to want more after being given more, if you understand what I mean? You pledged 15 worth, and you get the original 15 worth. If you're envious of what the perks the 30-dollar ones get, then get it. @JJ: Too much lentil in the intestine? I can understand that the INTENTION was not for it to be a form of exclusion, but the result often varies from the intention. I can't stay away for 20 minutes. valvar I thought you were cancelling your pledge. Quit talking about all the things you clearly dont deserve and pack your shit. End of story. Oh and O'doyle rules! @Valvar I guess you have your own definition of essential, but how are a couple of videos essential? I thought the game was the essential thing here. The videos didn't even exist before today. And by the way, how can the videos be so essential if watching them "can go bother itself"? @Richard and Erich: that is because the suffer from olfactory non-perceptible flatulence, maybe? @Valvar Essential features? How many games offer this kind of thing? Its usually only a 100 dollar collectors edition. . . if at all. @Richard: Now, now, be nice. When it comes to matters like who receives what based on who has given what, tempers will always flare. Some folks, based on past experiences, may have believed they were always going to get X feature regardless, and when it is properly clarified, they'll feel scandalised. The problem was that these were never promised features or rewards. False assumptions were made. Best not to take anything for granted until it is written in stone, eh? I never did state that they were "rightfully mine". I only hinted that I felt that way. Please do not put words into my mouth. Backing this project is not just about buying a copy of the game, its about trying to revive the cRPG from its long decline. Big business doesn't support us anymore, they think our market is dead. They are the fossils, not us! They added the additional content to the $30+ Tiers to give us all more tangible result for our DONATIONS. We are not investing in the company, that would mean we'd be getting stock. We can donate as little as $1 if we wanted to. Some of the Backers can afford the Uber-High tiers. A lot cant. That doesn't mean that any of use are not important, though. The new bonus added was not meant as a form of exclusion. Just something to drive those with the means but not the desire, to donate more. And there was much rejoicing ... opps maybe not ... @Karl - LOL. Me too, sir! @Valar: Why are development vlogs "rightfully" yours? Have inXile stated in terms and conditions, which you had to agree to before confirming your pledge, that you would be entitled to these vlogs? If not, then I really don't see what your problem is. I am not complaining about the sum, I am complaining about what I count as essential features only being available if you back double the minimum. I guess I would be more okay with it if the minimum was $30 and it included those essential features. @Valvar - but WHY should it be available to all backers? Because YOU want it, right? Where are the "rules" for this crowd funding thing? I'm pledging my hard-earned money because I believe Brian can help bring about a new cRPG renaissance and more turn-based, party-based, not aiming for the lowest common denominator PC only games. Believe me I can't wait to actual be able to play W2 and I am glad Brian & Co. are giving me one as a "thank you" for supporting this idea. I also pledged $250. And that's why I'll be eating only lentils this month! :D @Erich Assholes never smell their own shit. Oh, edit feature, where art thou... I don't want to start throw around figures, but I've pledge $250 to Wasteland 2. I don't know whether the game will be good or not (although I trust Brian Fargo). You look at the rewards in that tier, they are mainly memorabilia, nothing really solid enough that you can say is worth that much money. So, if anyone is complaining about a mere $15 and feel that he/she is being "rip-off," Well... maybe this is not the right project for your money. Thank you Jesus, don't let the door hit you on the way out! @JJ: Yeah... I think it is important to be aware of logical fallacies and self-aware of enough of one's own rhetorical patterns before engaging in an internet argument. Yes, I guess it is. Actually, I will just cancel my pledge and if the game is good at release I will buy it then. Watching the web series can go bother itself. @Valvar "A great cause" must of course be put in perspective. And by the way, this is a role playing game, they are expensive and take quite a while to make, much longer and much more expensive than the average indie game. This kickstarter thing really has opened a new kind of indie development, with large budgets like the big publishers games, but without the publishers, and that is radically different to the indie games on you talk about. @Valvar 'I feel extorted! If you don't give me what I wan't I'll just steal it and not give you what you want for it anyways!' Isn't that trying to extort them? @Cameron I am sceptical when it is things like the sountrack, digital artbook etc. When it is physical items I am fully okay with it, even if they are things I "want". I often buy collector's editions of games (at least when I can afford them) so money is not the problem here. What I am not okay with is that something that should rightfully be available to all backers "costs double". Those are small-budget indie games though... Puzzle games, platform adventures, etc... This project has $2.6million dollars behind it, and a professional team with past experience. Or did I just pick up on the wrong thing, sorry the posts are coming so fast I haven't been able to go find the start of this conversations. >.< @Cameron Sills: 'Sup Amo @Steven Yeah. I think pleding for something, not knowing how it will turn out is quite fun, it's like signing up for a lottery with quite good odds or something. Makes it the wait for the final product more exciting! :) @Michael What games cost on the iPad is not relevant. Most indie games cost between $5 and $15, take a look at Steam or Gog.com if you don't believe me. In the Humble Bundles (which is the thing I find most similar to kickstarter out there currently) you pay what you want and get everything anyway. @Erich: Them theres a lot of fallacies ... : \ @valvar So what your saying is that your completely fine with the fact that they need to drive donations by giving rewards to encourage X amount of money. But your not okay when its something that you want at more then the minimum you want to pay? @Karl That is all good and all, but the cause, in my opinion, doesn't feel so great when I feel extorted. Of course I can just "stop feeling extorted" and "stop being entitled and greedy", but that's not the way things work. I guess I'll just support $15 and then pirate the stuff that I "feel entitled" to. I would rather not (believe me or not) but I just don't feel like these guys are working towards a "great cause" or anything like it. They have the goal to make a great game, not save dying children or donate the money to any other charity. @Matthew Egglestone You have no way of knowing that this game will be good. It will not be done for a while. It might be good, I hope it is. Essential reading: <url>"cut" from the game in regards to content. So, no there is NO DLC... and "bugs as features"? How is this even relevant? and yes, if you are uncomfortable with the tiers rewards (which are just "thanks you" for wanting to show these types of games are still wanted) bother you then retract your pledge. @Valvar Each to their own I guess. I'm backing the game not because I want all kinds of extra swag, but because I'm trying to help fund a GOOD game, which are few and far between in the current industry. It's a personal choice. If you feel like your missing out then pledge more so your not ;) @Cameron: Their minimum was $15, and that was "buying" the game. If it was not about buying the game then barely anyone would back the project, deal with it. You could of course back less than $15, but they did not enter that into their calculations. @Valvar It was a bit hard to not take what you commented as unoffensive when you started off talking about a little add-on as 'retarded'. I agree that it would be cool if all backers got to see the development blog videos, but these things are just perks that come with pledging a bit more than others and not an essential part of the game, so I'm not about to quibble it. Or call it retarded. I mean, I'm not going to be able to see these videos, since I only pledged in 15 with my account (and another 60+ with the Landsharks), but that's okey. @Avidgamer: That's right! If you have a friend who wanted to but hasn't pledged in yet, and you're down to the $15 mark, you can up your pledge to $30 and they can pay you back when the Kickstarter is over! Conversely, you can do the same thing, up your pledge by $15 at any level, and give the extra, surprising, and very welcome ADDITIONAL copy of the game everyone at $30 and above received AS A BONUS to them and let them pay you back later on, :). InXile, thank you for that extra copy. For the Chris Avellone novella. For the extra portraits. For all these things you didn't have to give us. I had already pledged and I thought I knew what I was getting, but you added more without forcing me to choose or making me pay more. Thank you. I've upped my pledge by another $10 as thanks :) @Valvar: With neutral eyes, this game will most likely be sold at 30-40 per platform when it releases. At $15 a copy, that's effectively half-off. There are 6x as many people in the $15 dollar pool vs the $30 dollar pool. They wanted to drive up funding, so they're giving the ~24k backers at $30+ a second copy of the game. The inital post for this game a month ago was PC only. As the new versions were added, they were listed in the rewards tier as either-or for version selection. They never said it was going to be a universal all-in-one copy that works on everything. Also, there is a clearly defined "Cancel Pledge" option in the "Manage Your Pledge" menu. Once you cancel, you will lose your privilege to comment. @Valvar - 4 web videos are nothing. I'm sure that you'll be able to read what they are exactly about on the forums. The $30 reward tier is offering a lot more than just web videos. So, I'm not sure why you are so fixate on that. @Matthew The thing is that I don't find these reward tiers to be fair at all, though. I found the Doublefine reward tiers to be way more fair. They still had good incentives in higher tiers, but you didn't feel like you were missing out. Or look at gog.com. @Valvar Double Fine still had a minimum tier for the videos. It wasn't as high as inXile, which is still fairly low compared to the cost of purchasing a game after its been developed, but it was still there. @Jayce: /salute You sound just like IGN. "Well if you didn't like the game, you should just UNBUY it". "The bugs in the game are features, not faults. Stop acting entitled". "You don't have to buy the DLC that completes the story if you don't want to". @Valvar Very valid point. I personally disagree that they are acting like publishers. They are offering incentives to pledge higher amounts, but these incentives are fair IMHO. If your pledging the minimum amount why should you be invited to the private party, and get showered in gifts? Nothing in life is free, but that doesn't mean generosity can't be rewarding. Do you think this game would be half as popular if they didn't' offer incentives? Course not, many people today are self centered. I'm not saying what they are doing is no better than a 1 day DLC, I'm saying they are doing it for a better reason than just profit. @Hazmat, most PC games are sold at 50 dollars. 60 is only a price EA and Activision use. If you happen to have a friend that has no Amazon on Paypal account and/or is a bit short on cash just at the moment, you can up the pledge to $30 and give (sell) the second copy to him/her. So there is no more reason for them not to back the project with a bit of your help! @Jayce Wait! We're not done entertaining yet. We're gonna keep being silly right down to the last second. Don't let a few Debbie Downers harsh your mellow. Ignore them and have some lentils. You are pledging to support the creation of the game NOT the game itself! You are NOT an investor but a donator to a cause or idea. Yes, it is nice that one of the "rewards" is the game itself BUT you are NOT pre-ordering the game or entitled to any other tier "reward". You are supporting these types of games being made and if you don't like the "reward" for supporting the idea of the game wait until they sell it at retail. Then you show your support ,or lack of, by how you spend your purchasing power. It's that simple. Let's celebrate our 2.7M and cheer on for 3M without fighting, guys. We've hit 300% funding, so let's be happy. The game, which will be $60 at release, is being sold to you for $15 right now. Regardless of future discounting, that is a ridiculous deal. I'm confident that Mr. Barker down there was just trolling. @Jayce: May the lentils be with you! @Valvar Day 1 DLC is slicing out a part of the game and taking money for it afterwards. Giving away 4 short documentaries about the game as a token of gratitude is not a part of the game and does not take away any part of the experience. Without reward tiers I don't think kickstarter would work at all by the way, because that's how people in general work. And like said before the videos weren't announced before and I'm pretty sure the transparency will be about the same even without the videos, they're just something extra. I gotta get out of these comments for the rest of the drive I think. Sad because I've been so excited about this whole process, just one too many mini-dramas by folks here for me to continue to enjoy myself. Oh well, it's been fun. I'll look forward to the event tomorrow night instead. To the landsharks, I salute you -- you've been all the inane entertainment a guy could ask for (not that I ever would have). : ) Good luck in your quest. You people are worse than the Bioware fans. However great something is, there is always room for criticism. You can at least try to discuss things rather than going on the heavy offensive. I can see that you have reason to dislike you because I am not supporting these "glorious saviours of gaming", but come on guys. Look at it with neutral eyes. Actually, it sounds like a great deal, now that I think about it. Now, now, let's behave and not tease. I think majority of the backers do the best they can at giving what they are able to to this project. I wish I can give $10K and it'll be great if I can party with Brian Fargo and company, but I simply can't do it because that's like 10 mortgage payments for me. Do I pay attention to the reward tier? Sure, but like I said, I would prefer to go party at inXile. So, please just do the best you can without complaining about the rewards as much :-) That sounds like a fair deal to me... @Valvar Day 1 DLC seriously? This is like Godwin's Law in gaming speak now. @Chris Your work must be really cool if you can play videogames while being paid for your time. No, I did not feel as if something was promised and that I did not get it. I just felt like I was being forced to back double the amount I was backing if I wanted to take part of the development process and play the game on two operating systems rather than one. I don't know what would lead anyone to believe that there was ever a web series promised to all backers. Sad we are at the point that someone is feeling "ripped off" by the idea of exclusive bonus content for a pledge drive. I won't disparage it but really hard for me to wrap my brain around. @Matthew Entitlement. It all comes down to entitlement. Someone once said "people only complain about greed when it comes in the way for their own greed". This may of course be true; I may be a greedy person who is acting entitled. I do think that the business-model is a wonderful one, and that getting rid of publishers is a great thing. But if these people act just like publishers, then I don't feel very good about it. How is this better than day-1 DLC? If it truly was only about supporting the project there would be no "reward tiers", just a "pledge amount". I must say that the Doublefine way of handling things was way more appealing than this one. Over 2.7m with PayPal included! Yeah!! Only 300k till the 3m mark with 33 hours to go... I only pledged $1.00. Where's my shrine!!!!!??? This is no fair, why don't they just give me everything? I'm backing the project I deserve it. I'm pulling my funding. I felt it was necessary to anounce this to everyone before I take these actions . Also, a digital DRM free version of the game, I believe, means you can download it multiple times... for yourself anyways. If you want to share it with the world... well, we all have a name for that. @Valvar They never mentioned videos before. Also this is less 'paying' for it and supporting it. The more you give though the more you get that you might have to pay for after, or access to things that no one else would as a thank you. I think everyone getting upset about not having access to something they want at the minimum amount/only getting one version of the game should be glad they can get it so cheap. How much will people pay for that one version of the game without that extra content? More then you would be if you helped to fund its development. @Valvar This project, if successful, could free gamers from the **** of major label publishers. The better the end product the more likely this is to happen. The more money you pledge the better it will be. Try to look past your sense of self-entitlement and think of the bigger picture :) variation between $50 and $75 is not inspiring. @Valvar I don't understand what you mean with "I thought there would be a video series for ALL backers, not just the ones who paid a certain amount.". The video series was announced today because people wanted to have it for the $30 tier, to make it more appealing, to make the project get more money, to make a better game! Your decision though, but I think you're overreacting when inXile is only doing something a majority of the fans wanted, that's what I really think respect for the fans is all about. @Valvar - Well, reward tiers aren't everything. You're not BUYING the game. You're supporting the cause. But what can I say. It is your money, so... @Richard this pleases me :) @Valvar: I'm sure the development process will be transparent even without the 4 vblogs (4 vblogs over 1,5 years really isn't that much). There weren't actually any vblogs announced before today, so the transparency has only increased with this announcement. See it as a fun insight into the company on top of the normal transparency. @Chris I guess some kind of announcement from inXile about whether or not a Steam version with Steamplay is happening or not is in place, try squeezing it out from Fargo on Twitter: <url>"features" does not go very well with me. I understand that you want different reward tiers, but this is a bit too far for me. ...Kinda wishing the $15 backers would up their pledge. If all pledged $30 instead of $15 the game would have approx. $478,000 more to play with. AND DON'T CALL ME SHIRLEY! Yes Shirley! I mean Sir!! yes...sir... I will personally eat anyone who deviates a micro-fraction from the Pantsless Landshark orthodoxy. AM I MAKING MYSELF CLEAR!!!! Ummmm ... I said nothing!! You can't prove anything. My account was hacked ... @Karl - I just need to win the Lotto, then I'll definitely try to do my part for the world Wasteland. Until then, when I'm counting the rest of you. Hold on a sec, let me go buy some scratch offs... @JJ- I got yelled at by Richard the last time I brought up factions. Watch out or he will yell again! @Bernardo: Maybe an associated society ... we shall have to see ;) $30.0 tier and up should have access to the beta, just saying. Wait... it's Mac OR PC? I was totally expecting more of a steam-play setup.... Man, that's going to ruin my ability to play wasteland at home and at work. Unless I pony up more money... I feel kind of extorted... Opps ... scratch that reverse it ... My bad, *"should not fully know what their money is being used for?" @JJ Wow! Just saw the image on google! It looks badass! Is it so late for us to be the Pantless Liopleurodon Society? Sea Lentils are friends not food!! So... Let's have at least $2,9 mil here and $100k on paypal by the end of the kickstarter! Go go go, spread the word! :D @Bernardo: No apologies are neccessary! I think having dev blogs exclusive to $30+ backers is a bit retarded. Normally, you want to make money post-production and have them available to everyone. I can understand if you want it to be backer-exclusive, but making people feel obligated to pay extra just to see how the development goes along seems a bit unrealistic, as well as not very transparent. So people who backed LESS than $30 should not take part of the development process? They should should not fully know how their money is being used for? It is/was a kind of sea living dinosaur Well DF ended a while ago, and the forums are still up. I wonder how long before they pull them Okay, Charles, you sold me. Death to Sea Lentils! @Ryan You sound like a perfect recruit for the Landsharks. Just change your avatar to a shark like the rest of us and you're in. @JJ I apologise for my little knowledge of the English language, but what the hell is a liopleurodon? I'm sure I have never heard of them in my language classes... @Bernardo ... I agree I am prepping for withdrawls already ... :( I'm wondering, is this comment board still be available after the kickstarter ends? I've been checking this a couple dozen times a day for the last month or so. I wouldn't know what do during my working hours! @Charles: LOL What is even more impressive is it wears pants without having legs ... be afraid be very afraid ... Now that is a polar opposite: It wears pants It's in the sea It's not edible by Landsharks It's like Samuel L Jackson in Unbreakable!! According to Kicktraq, we just surpassed the impressive single-day haul for pledges that came in when the the Chris Avallone/Obsidian stretch goal was announced. 33 hours left! 11 people pledge $10k NOW! Thanks! @Wodwo: Interesting point ... I think we should consult the magical liopleurodon $2.6 million now. Holy. Flurking. Schnitt... I'm just overwhelmed by all of this. What a long, strange trip this has been. @Charles If you're talking about a Sea Lentil that wears pants, then maybe. I'm still waiting for the lightning strike from the mention of the "S" word ... Are you considered to be "going commando" if you also aren't wearing pants? Pants are for the weak. yes their flatulence is olfactory perceptible. @richard- Well the landshark has to have a nemesis, a polar opposite in terms of credo and morality. I vote for the Sea Lentil to be that opposition! and stinking dolphins ... but only cuz they stink ... maybe its cuz the lentils? @JJ Hmm for me this was the reason to take the pants off. Duck and cover everyone ... stop drop and roll ... ear **** ... Ahhhhhhh Et tu, Charles? Landsharks fear nothing in the sea, or on the land... Except pants. may the wrath of a thousand lentils be upon you! @Bernardo ... uh oh ... you said it and they are watching ... :)~ Blasphemy Bernardo!!!! Too bad Wasteland 2 won't have a social feature, I would love to share the game with other landsharks... Oh, wait, did I just said "social feature" when there is only 33 hours to go on kickstarter? S**t. May the shark gods help us... @Richard: That would explain the olfactory non-perceptible flatulence issue. Hey it took me a week to get past Fish are friends not food ... baby steps to carnivorism ... baby steps ... LOL Hmm. Perhaps if there are kill-able landsharks their primary loot will be a sack of lentils... Beware the dreaded Sea Lentil, even the mighty shark fears that killer! @Floyd: Oh boy ... and being pantsless makes it even worse ... @Ryan: Maybe we can talk with Monsanto and cross our genetic material with the megalomaniacal lentil and LentilSharks rule the world and soups and chili ... and incidentally it may solves the olfactory non-perceptible flatulence problem, @JJ Still having a problem with the shark thing. Sharks don't eat lentils, they eat people and unicorns who eat lentils. Sharks do like raspberry marmalade, though, cause it looks a little like blood. @Charles not until Oct 2013...^^ Well in 33 hours most of the folks will never hear of lentils or landsharks again...or will they??!! @Rachel: Yes you choose wisely by basking shark brethren ... you are most fortunate ; ) @JJ May the good name rest in peace, hahahaha. No it't trans-species and even applies to unicorns. And unicorns have the most advanced olfactory perception! @Rachel: We took and evolutionary leap or more likely regression on the boards tonight ... LOL. Darwin would be so proud ... I think ... @JJ It's very fortunate that my shark is all mouth and no nose. Beware! lentils are one of the many branches of the Legume family... Should they ever unite under a singular leadership, the soups and chili of the world will be doomed... DOOMED! @Joe Wow, I haven't seen that old EA logo in a long time. Brings back memories of my old c-64. @Floyd: I did not know that, is the olfactory non-perceptible fltulanece trans-genus species or only confined to the Landsharks? This is critical to know if I am in mixed company after eating lentils. A very delayed comment for Marc somethingorotherthatIcan'trememberandamtoolazytoscrolldown: Macs use the same hardware as your typical PC. Everything else you said was correct, but as far as the main components go, they're the same. @Joe-How many lentils is it going to take for that to be mine? I am just waiting for an announcement: "We shall henceforth be called the Lentilsharks." <url>| @Floyd: Aww. But I like lentils. I guess I'll go drown my sorrows in rice and beans. @Erich: I try to limit my GOG.com purchases to stuff that is either run in DOSBox or which will probably only ever get a Linux version if someone reverse-engineers the engine. For the rest, I use Desura. (Think GOG.com but with an optional Steam-like client for Windows and Linux rather than the GOG.com Downloader. Mac client support is planned but not ready. Just watch out for games which build in their own DRM because Desura doesn't add any.) I really hate when lentils watch me ... especially when they are hanging with raspberry marmalade ... gives me the willies @Erich ... I stand corrected ... speaking of eating ... I'm hungry ... anyone have any lentils? @JJ We shall, and that solves all our problems. Oh ingenious Magical Liopleurodon, thank you! Folks I have a new found fear of Lentils <url>"I've got a feeling.. a lentil's watching me!" @Erich Lentils? Charles that's it! It could simply scan our computers and adapt the OS version! @ Floyd: We shall henceforth direct all further queries on license managment and DRM to the Magical Liopleurodon. They're always watching us... You want to know about magical licence management you ask a unicorn...I mean, duh! Sheesh- threads like this make me truly hope Mr. Fargo and company don;t listen to us too closely. @Amanda: Poor Charlie .... but it is obvious one of them has been eating raspberry marmalade ... =) @all- I think all our problems would be solved if this was on Origin! ;) @JJ Maybe it knows something about the magical licence management stephan complained about? *goes to look up liopleurodon*....... *goes to look up magical liopleurodon*...... finds this... <url>~ you had to choose between a Candy Mountain or a Candy Cave. Candy Restrictions Management. Sorry @Floyd: I'm gonna have to ask the magical liopleurodon ... Stephan, didn't you want to contemplate? Ahh you're such a second class citizen, no lentils for you, not even some DRM's! @Stephan: I'm hoping for a GOG release, actually! That would be ideal for me as this is one of those games I'd rather not use Steam to own. Wait! I wasn't promised a Candy Mountain Candy Cave. You all suck!!! Guys, we have to support this RPG too. They are overshadowed by the big ones. <url>"Red-Platform-Boots-large.jpg" hahahaha. You made my day! <url>"one-license-pr-OS-use" is in itself a form of DRM, and an un-ethical way to raise more money. The underlying information for the "different products" (Win, Mac & Linux) are >99.99% similar. I already bought the content, and now you want to extort extra money from me by introducing a extra layer of licenses? Sure, make me able to legally give one copy of the game to one of my friends (great idea,) but don't tell me what OS I have license to run the game upon! @Erich: Actually, I was referring to proper server-side record-keeping so you can't just spoof your User-Agent string to download alternate platforms, but let's end things here. As I mentioned when I replied to you on the other comments thread, now that I've realized how much I let myself get carried away, I'm just going to step back and stop stirring things up. If we can get 70k more in pledges today, we'll be halfway towards 3M! @Karl No @Alec No @Floyd No No Lentil soup for any of you! :p Just scroll down to my earlier post, the answer is there. just after the Update 13, there were 32629 $15 backers, and 4797 $30 - a total of 54837 backers. as of this, there are 31953 $15s, 5600 $30, and 55221 total @Stephan: I'm sorry, mate, but that.... still doesn't make much sense. It's actually not that much more complicated to not present download links for all three platforms--all you have to do is set the browser to detect the OS and it'll be done. Now, while I would prefer a three choice system like Humble Bundle (allows me to put smaller games on my work laptop, a Mac, and all the games on my main PC, which runs Windows), I also would prefer that you take this to developers directly instead of making a spectacle of yourself. I understand that you're worried, but picking fights with everyone else who talks to you sideways won't help. Please go above, click 'send message,' and see what InXile has to say. Trust me, they don't bite. @Scott: About 4700 or something I think! @Floyd There is never enough lentils to go around! :( @Scott I think I saw it at 5100ish @Scott about 4750+-50 @Rune By the way, DRM is often implemented as limitations on the same executable of the game, that is, the game executable is the same but you're forced be online with an specific account or install specific third party applications that handle the DRM. Compiling executables for different platforms is a whole other story. It requires different compilers, different versions of libraries and the resulting binary is often totally different between patforms. Those are actually different programs and I see no problem in selling them as different products. That combined with what I wrote in my last comment pretty much sums up that having to choose OS for your particular product is in no way DRM. I played the original Wasteland when I was but a young man. It was hard. I died. Many many many times. For a long time, I thought it sucked. Not because it was a broken game or there was some flaw in its programming but because it just wasn't as easy as the games I was used to at the time. Years later I spotted the original Fallout on sale and decided to give it a try. It rocked! I thought it was awesome! I realized then that somehow in the years between those titles I had grown to appreciate what a rare gem I had dismissed as worthless in my youth. I have grown more in the years since that time. (mostly sideways) But it warms my cold black heart to see the chance that games like this can be made once more. May you sell enough to make the "old school" RPG comeback a reality. Things are like things are because there are not enough lentils for everyone. All we have are these DRM but only the digitally restricted ones. Face it!!!!111 You know that life is not a pony-yard??? anyone know approx how many $30 pledges there were prior to the new update? They could make the game in Adobe Air... *shudders* Ugh... that thought will give me some nightmares... :s @Stephan-It didn't help. Go away and think about it a massive amount more Bumped to 30 as well. Killer deal, thank you Inexile. In case it helps, I've been thinking on it a bit more and, fundamentally, the problem is that I can't see any benefit to inXile taking the approach they are. Porting is a sunk cost, Steam users get cross-platform portability free, and Linux or non-Steam users less principled than I am will, undoubtedly, be easily able to pledge for one copy to satisfy their sense of morals and then pirate the other two platforms... so what do they gain from this aside from making Linux users and people who hate DRM feel like they're being discriminated against? It's actually MORE complicated to make a system that doesn't simply present download links for all three platforms to every user each time someone logs in. @Rune Sorry, but you do not seem to know what DRM is. DRM is to somehow in the code of the game or using external applications limit when or how you can play a particular installation of the game. This could for example be forcing you to be online or forcing the game files to be in a specific location on the hard drive. For Wasteland 2 you will have to choose which version of the game you want, just like you have to do with many other programs, and after you've chosen that version you can do whatever you want with the game. You can copy it, you can move it and you don't have to be online to play it. That means the game is DRM free since there are no actual limitations on what you do with your own game. By the way, it's Digital Rights Management, not Digital Restrictions Management. See I told you HBS is trying to confuse us. First they say DRM Free, which I assume they will send you free Delicious Raspberry Marmalade. Then they tell you its only for PC or MAC OSX or Linux. You know there are probably more Mainframes running JCL then all of the others combined. I don't understand why there wont be a commandline version of this game. I can guarentee I will not be pledging the $5 million I have under my mattress. What the heck, just bumped it up to $30.00 If somebody want to support my little idea you can sign here: <url>"Delicious Raspberry Marmalade" Since is not Im cancelling my pledge. The hell with you HBS! @Charles: I stand corrected :) @Jason-I'm sorry but you are wrong. Everyone knows it stands for Digital Robot Mercenaries. Please stop trying to misinform the masses. :-) I'm sorry but my OCD/needforeveryonetobeinformed just kicked in. DRM does not stand for "Digital Restrictions Management" The official meaning is "Digital Rights Management" You may proceed with your arguments. I wish the PayPal side was escalating as quickly. It's most likely because Lentils are a KS exclusive I just make it for inXile, probably they could something like that on official game site. For all backers or for some tiers like $30+. It's more comparable to be able to play your version of your Xbox game only on your black xboxes and not your vanilla Xboxes. No, but right now not everybody imported. :) Probably i make something with comments as well, but right now sizes at static version are random. @Rachel-I have accomplished all those tasks. I have found that I pretty much can cram a DS cartridge anywhere I'd like! ;) Oh you meant making it work in another system. Well now I feel like a fool sxx, very cool. @SXX: is that cloiud for most commenting backers? nice SXX @Richard Hah, who am i to oppose my true destiny? @therealwonko don't be such a wonko! Have a good night guys! Windows are for people that don't game in garages. But yeah that spinning names thing is cool. ^_^ I think something like that on official site could be interesting for addition for some backers. @SXX-holy crap! Thats awesome!!! Good job This may have been covered but ill post anyway, after all is said and done with the kickstarter deadline what mite happen to the leftover special items that don't get claimed by backers? What do you think about that guys? <url>#wasteland2kickstarter with a link back to the kickstarter page. unless a miracle happens and the twitters fill up with tweets by the time i get back from a group meeting (about 3 or 4 hours) I'll call this one a failed attempt on my part and use the extra $100 to buy socks or something. That's like saying being unable to play your DS cartridge in a PlayStation or a Wii or an XBOX is DRM. Isn't that too broad? Floyd, you have the makings of a fine pantsless landshark. Care to come over to the dark side. We have lentils o'plenty. Not going to lie, i'm only a windows user to play games. Yeah, almost got me. ;) Damn I can't repel arguments of that magnitude! @charles No! Ok, new extrapolation yields 2.979M lentils. Keep going! No cure for that..^^ @Floyd-Just remember, my CE will be more unique than yours! I don't know how but it will! :) @Floyd Ryan: Right, you don't say? @Karl Z.: Restricting you to a Operating System through different licensing schemes for the executables is not DRM how? Restricting the users choice of Operating System *through magic licensing tricks* _is_ Digital Restrictions Management! I got an answer from inxile regarding the Kickstarter-exclusiveness of the CE: "Most of the rewards are Kickstarter exclusive. If we sell a CE later, it will be not be exactly the same. If anything, it will have less items." So, unique item, here i come! @Stephan " I have a bad habit of trying obsessively to get others to see things from my point of view." I see a career in politics in your future, young man. ;) :p I sent my uncle a text who is a big pc gammer out in pennsy, hopefully he gives a 50 . Awwww man... I've pledged to too many projects already, but this $30 offer sounds too good! Decisions, decisions... aw hell I'll probably just end up pledging $30 so might as well just do it now and get it over with hey? :p You have $15 more of MY AXE. @Casey Rossi They still have time :) Inform others then, it may help. @Nick: I just think that they used phrasing too prone to misinterpretation. That's my only complaint. @Karl: It's sort of the same reason I don't buy DRMed music. I recognize that I can't know the future and I'm not willing to actively make decisions that increase my chances of being sorry later. Yes, I'm not my brother who just de-funded his pledge because he runs Windows Vista now but plans to switch in a few years when Windows 8 and its "only ideal for tablets" Metro UI becomes the only practical choice, but better cautious than burned. @Emaze: If I had actual disposable income, maybe I could afford to be a fan rather than seeing everything as investing in my future. I do apologize for souring the mood though. I have a bad habit of trying obsessively to get others to see things from my point of view. I'm finish to make my idea, It's just awesome guys :) Right now just need to do some fixes and upload it somewhere. @Rune It isn't. Having you choose which version to buy is not any form of DRM at all. It's like saying that having to choose platform of a program in a store is DRM, and that is just not correct. @Rune Dude, there nothing magic about compilers. And you got the 'R' wrong. Just relax and take a lentil from charles. CM III = Mad Genius Lulz. I like the lentil gun = "Pea Shooter" @Rune nope, you have to adapt the code to make it compatible with the OS. I think. Correct me if I'm wrong please. How big will the novellas (part 1, part 2 and the one by Chris Avellone) be? Are we talking about a few pages or rather a book? @bodrog. I want to help them hella badly, but all these other projects sucked up my money first. I'm sure there are many others like me, that after all these insanely cool games, merely out of cash. Restricting the users choice of Operating System *through magic licensing tricks* _is_ Digital Restrictions Management! @bodrog777 I've seen it, I wasn't impressed. Feels to "ironic" and self-referential for my tastes... we are getting about 2 new backers per minute... Glad they finally made the $30 tier more enticing! Made two or three comments about this, especially about a possible developers video diary for the $30 tier. And while I know on a rational level that hundreds of other idiots made the same suggestion and I had absolutely nothing to do with their decision, deep down in a tiny, bubbly section of my soul I will take all the credit and no one can stop me ;) Now let's reach the $3 millions! These peeps have no publicity. We'll have to help them: <url>"Digital Downloadable copy of game DRM free for PC and MAC OSX and Linux" then it would be a one copy works for all situation. And that's not the description.Though,i can see how it can be pulled to other meanings if one wants to. They need to have lentil ammo in the game. A literal pea shooter!!! @ Charles linear extrapolation of las 8 hours yields about 2.975M. Happiness is a warm gun... And some warm lentils. Emaze makes me happy too @cyprien :D @Karl Always. :p Aww yeah nothing would make mr happier than some lentils with my happiness. That would make me happy to be happy.........happy My god enough of the platform complaints! Don't get bogged down in the technicalities of the rewards, it shows how crappy a fan you are (of the genre/project etc.) and how much of a soulless consumer you are. I am still still in disbelief and excited as hell to support this historical project that allows me to revisit a world similar to fallout, my all time favourite games from my childhood. And I get two novellas, a game, a soundtrack and developer videos for $55!! Thats just throwing money back at us, considering how much value for money that is if you bought em all individually! Be quiet and give em more money! Go inXile! On to 3 million! @Karl: No, he is just one of those "entitled" gamer who make a political thing out of everything. <url>"you misunderstood" or "we changed our mind" from inXile within the next 36 hours, I'll be perfectly happy to just cancel my pledge and put Wasteland 2 right below Terraria on my list of DRMed or expensive games to wait out. This user's account has been deleted. And lovers gonna love Haters gonna hate @Mathew: With what end? I understand that it's frustrating and maybe a bit of a backtrack technologically to pay once for every OS version, but $15 for a new, large and complete game is so damn cheap that you really shouldn't complain.... Sure, for a $30-$50 game I could have sympathised, but not for a $15 game. we had this discussion at the begining of the Kicker. @Stephan i won't discuss semantics. But I don't think you got the whole kickstarter stuff. We are not entitled to anything. There is no contract. We donate we don't buy. Yey! Ding! 2.6 mil! Almost... :) @Bevel - it is, of course, your deecision. The main reason I am backing the game, is so that it comes out at all- been waiting too long for a return th this world. @Floyd: Exactly. Especially with the physical copies. It's just so much cheaper to just include all the versions on one disc rather than running multiple separate lines for each version. The decision just doesn't make sense from a business perspective. @Rhandom: In that case, it has just become apparent to me that it is more worth my while to wait like I usually do on these things, and purchase a license which is not so restrictive. Thanks for all of your input. @Floyd Ryan: In other words, the obvious use of the casual comparative conjunction "or" that means "download for one platform" rather than the similar but distinct one "or" that means "play on one platform at a time". Given the examples I've listed and how much they shape peoples expectations, I'm actually starting to worry that inXile COULD be vulnerable to fraud litigation. (Not from me, but there's always SOMEONE out there with too much money and not enough sense... especially in America.) From the logistics point it will be much easier to provide one download website with all versions instead of managing the preferences of 55k+ backers on an individual basis. Especially if most backer get several licences. I think within the next hours there will be clarification on this one. @Bevel - By the wording of the systems, yes. If you Pledge $15, you get one copy for one of the 3 OSes listed. If you were to pledge $30, you would then have 2 rewarded copies, and each one would be tied to whatever OS you chose for each one. Since the new $30 tier announcement: Aprox 500 down on the $15 and aprox 700 up on the $30. This user's account has been deleted. I love the new $30 reward :) @Rhandom Will I or will I not have to pay again if I want a license which allows me to play it on a different platform than the one I select for my Kickstarter reward? Dear Brian and inXile, Thank you so much for giving us the chance to fund your dreams -This is an awesome way to show the industry that we the gamers actually know what we want, without some marketing hack peering into the depths of his expense account to decide that another lame a$$ FPS or RTS is the best way to go. Please give us an easter egg of doomed studio marketing guys to torment in the Wasteland... We've been suffering too. Looking at the shelf behind you during your videos, I realized that your games formed the foundation of my video gaming life from the Commodore 64 until today. I can't wait to explore your new vision for the Wasteland. Congratulations! Now the hard part begins! @Bryan Nick brother ain't an official PLS unless he comes across with the clams, er, chum, er, lentils. ;) :p How will we get the second part of the novella if I stick to the $50 pledge? @ Stephan PLEDGE $15 OR MORE 32267 BACKERS Digital Downloadable copy of game DRM free for PC or MAC OSX or Linux. This low price only available for those who helped fund. Also your party will start with a unique and quirky skill. (It won't affect game balance.) Who's running around with a Mac, PC, and/or a Linux box and wants to play the same game on all of them? Unless you're handing out the game to other people, I don't see why this is such a big deal. This user's account has been deleted. @xspork: gotcha. We good :) What I believe will happen is that questionairres will be go out to every pledger to see what format they want their game(s) for. @Pikiou actually I have PC/Mac versions of the games I buy, and a number of the ones I aqcuire (indie titles mostly) also have Linux versions. So yes... enough for me to become vocal about it. I'm not removing my pledge, I'm just stating that I don't understand their reasoning. @xspork: Please DO show me where it makes it clear that I have to choose at purchase time rather than at reinstall time. I just re-read "carefully enough" and I still can't find a clear statement of that important detail. @Bevel - it is not one platform per purchase, it is as a reward for your pledge and support. While steamplay may happen for this game (no reason why not, really), that will be a purchase. You will be subject to using steam to play it, and to manage it in the future- not necessarily a bad thing, but in that case, it will be limited you your Steam account. It just seems that most of the comments have come out since they made the $30 tier and it became blindingly apparent that you don't get all platforms with one copy. I didn't mean to single you out, but I still believe that it is news to some people who pledged the $15 tier and didn't realize what the DRM-free statement entailed. It never struck me as odd because I don't really play games on multiple platforms, so it doesn't appear any different to me either way. @Jason because you have a linux/mac version of all the games you buy? Sure thing... I Sure see lots of games available for mac and linux nowadays. Haha... So now shut up and give your money. ( I hope I don't sound too much like an ass ) @Jason Ferron- Did you see my post 2 above and 2 below your previous posts? WHile I am not in the "loop" so to speak, of the company- what I posted is still valid, as long as inXiles definition of DRM is standard. That whole one platform per-purchase thing has me bummed about supporting this now. I assumed, like many people probably did, that this would work like Steam, the Humble Bundles and Desura. I'm actually kind of shocked. Why take a step backwards like this? It isn't common practice to buy it once and get it on all platforms. If that was true then Mac and Linux users wouldn't have had to buy specific versions of the game. Valve was trying to change that however on their distribution platform. The bonus game is no different than what other companies have been doing to boost pre-orders. The 2 or 4 packs and so on. @xspork I'm annoyed by the fact that you assumed that we failed to read the description. My confusion comes from WHY they are doing it, not that I was suddenly blindsided by the news. Yes that's how it was back in the day, however now it's not like that. The regular practice is that if you buy the game, you get it on all platforms. That's how it's done now. It doesn't personally affect me either unless they're planning on wasting the resources making specific PC, Mac, and Linux physical copies of the game as I will be getting two boxed copies, but I still find the idea confusing. The only way to entice some of us is to have some actual in-game benefit to the higher levels of funding. I don't care about real-world swag (always throwing that stuff out, no space), and stuff like beta access doesn't really do it for me either (rather spend my limited time on released games). The only level you have where you get something in-game is the new $30 level, and for me extra portraits aren't that interesting. I funded Shadowrun Returns at a much higher level because they offered something useful in-game (Doc Wagon Card). If you can do that, you'll get more money from me at least! Just upped my pledge from $15 to $55. The extra rewards at $30 swayed me somewhat, so that was a good idea. Hopefully you will get a lot more people pledging more in the last 37 hours! Good luck inXile! Another Land Shark in the family, eh Nick? =D @jan My first take on it was closer to the predecessor to Freelancer, which was Star Lancer.. but I'm jonesing for a good space combat sim.. to go along with all these other awesome projects.. just need to keep spreading the word. But I'm stoked for Wasteland 2, and Shadowrun Returns, and that Banner Saga.. but my heart says we need another Space Sim too. <url>"Virtual worlds", IE The world of Fallout and alike. Good job, and good luck. This user's account has been deleted. DRM-free to me means that I can download and install it as many times as I want---on a single platform. I remember buying windows versions of games, and then having buy Linux versions of Loki ports back in the day....I never thought of this practice as 'unfair' or 'misleading' The fact that my copy of the game would be for PC, Mac, or Linux was something I understood from the beginning because it specifically says "PC *OR* MAC OSX *OR* Linux" I'm not sure why people are getting worked up about it, its not like they are changing anything. It's not inXiles fault that you failed to read the description thoroughly before pledging. In any case I could care less about the extra copy or the DRM, I'm in it for the cloth map and box :D never even heard of the original wasteland, granted i﻿ was born in 1986 though so this could be why...lol but i have heard of fallout1,2, metro 2033 if this game is as good as i hope it will put those to shame, graphically, and story wise hopefully. either way you just earned another backer! good luck inXile entertainment! Bryan Sharkey: I could think of it that way, but it wouldn't help. I dislike the idea of special editions. :) Doesn't matter, just make the game good and I don't care for anything else. It's been a long time since I really played through a game I honestly enjoyed. (I mean the first time I played through it, the other 150+ times I finished Fallout 2 don't count right?) This could be it. William: Damn, I would love to see that game on Mac. Looks nice. Reminds me of Freelancer. kickstarter is a drug for gamers. updating this site over and over again and the money just keeps coming in after the last update..... this is just great brian. now everyone.... please help two other projects: LEISURE SUIT LARRY IN THE LAND OF THE LOUNGE LIZARDS still needs funding and will get better the more they surpass the goal. I really wanna see him again in good shape. <url>"Can install to more than one computer"? For all we know the Steam version might even support SteamPlay. There is at least one steam game that also distributes the linux binaries in one of the folders. I agree this could use clarification. I am sure we will be given a choice on inXile website or survey which platform we want and be sent keys specific for that. @Jason The key thing I think is the copies provided via the backer system will not be tied to any DRM, meaning- you can play them forever even if Steam dies or changes their policies on multiple installs- whereas after release, the copies you may buy via steam will be beholden to Steams EULAs. You can get two pc versions. Read the email :3 This user's account has been deleted. I am rather confused by the whole one copy per platform approach. I will likely not alter my pledge but I would like to have some clarification as to why they're making us have to use up one of our copies per platform. I've never seen anyone else do that. The video dev blog is enough to get me to upgrade! ...and in case you misunderstood my earlier message, update #13 says that $30 gets you "An extra digital download of the game in any format. Many people wanted to be able to get a Mac AND a PC version, or PC and Linux, or even an extra PC version for a friend. Now you can. " If that isn't an indication that they want to charge you once per platform, it's the most confusingly pointless way to say "install on two computers at once" that I've ever seen. You have my 30$!!!!!!!!! The statistics at <url>"Space Combat Sim" by Escape Hatch Entertainment. <url>"Digital Downloadable copy of game DRM free for PC or MAC OSX or Linux." So you it is your own fault if you didn't read it. Alleging that inxile has tricked you is way out of line... @Stephan Sokolow: I think I might join you... Maybe I'll just wait until it's out on GoG. Stephan: They ARE offering DRM free versions as well. Which means (if you have such a strong opinion about it) that you can install all versions on as many operating systems as you want even if you don't have official permission to do it... so I don't see the problem. Give $55 all your love! And I'm listening to Give Me All Your Love from The World Ends with You OST. Best thing Square-Enix has done in the past 10 years. $51k in last seven hours. Seen the new $30 pledge, did it, then decided for the $100. I cannot wait :-) @Fishos: Unfortunately, I'm a Linux user and a Desura user. I have strong opinions on DRM and I don't and never will use Steam. I also have strong opinions on being nickel and dime'd just for wanting to not be locked into a specific platform choice. As sympathetic as I am to inXile's ideas, I'm not willing to be penalized by having to pay two or three times as much just to get platform freedom on a game and, given how many games I have backlogged, I'm perfectly willing to go to whatever lengths are necessary (credit card stop payment included) to ensure I don't get tricked into paying for less than I was lead to believe. This is insane! So many $15 pledges are going big! As of 5:46, $15 has fallen to 32492 and $30 to 4927. At 5:43 pm EDST $15 tier - 32,521 $30 tier - 4,907 (up 224 in 20 minutes) BAM!!! Upgrading to $55. This is SICK! A contest or a lottery is against Kickstarter's rules. They're not allowed to offer it. Ok, for another money making scheme how about a contest.... Something special in game or ???. One entry per pledge tier ($15 gets you one entry, $30 two, etc). Could add to the amusement =) Stephan: You also get a copy on steam, which works both on Mac and Windows. You can choose the additional copy to be on Linux. In reply to Update #13: Wait... "PC or MAC OSX or Linux" means I have to choose which platform I want up front and can't just have one license for the resources and download alternate OS versions all I want? (Like Desura or Steam or Humble Bundles or iD Software games have always allowed) I'm not sure I want to fund something like that. I guess I'll spend the last day and a half deciding whether to ask for my money back. Woah! Tryi hitting refresh on this page a few times, and see the money & backers tick up. It's lookimh lively, folks! Upgraded to $30. Thanks to realize we LINUX game players exist. PS. I am also Spanish, Thanks for the translation although Linux is way more important to me and it is what is making me support this project. Wish I had more to give but can't justify going above 100 for a shirt or a poster, unfortunately. Can't wait though, its going to be such an awesome game! @ David G, I also noticed some new pledges coming in ,directly to the $30s ! Wonder where it goes @David keep going! That's interesting. AWESOME!!! The $30 pledge upgrade is just what this project needed. Will surely pass $3 million now! At 5:33 pm EDST: $15 tier - 32,594 backers $30 tier - 4,828 backers (up 145 in ten minutes) Boom! Upgraded my pledge to the new $30 level. This is EXACTLY what I was looking for! Shut up and take my money! Upgraded my pledge. Let's get those mod tools and beyond! Dev blog made me bump up $30 tier - 4683 Backers @ 5:22pm EDST Mashable article could be big. We're talking almost 900000 FB likes alone. That might bring in a slew of new pledges. That development blog made my day =) Although I was already on $30. Awesome looking scorpion though! Jesus, $30 is really surging! I'm so glad for inXile :D Story up on Mashable about Wasteland 2 and other retro games making a comeback thanks to Kickstarter. <url>"Of course, all backers who are in at higher levels will also get all of these added items too." Mod tools! make it happen :) It's working, the $15's are going down as the $30's are going up plus! New update! All you need is love. I'm confused. If the game is going to be distributed on Steam, which is a cross platform system (Linux excluded), then why do we need separate digital versions for each platform? Do we have to choose what platform we want the game for? I think that's ridiculous. Found a mention of this in Shadowrun KS project and couldn't let it happen without me. Mmm, old-school games... Now, where is a KS project for a "Free time expander"? So I actually will have some to play the game :) In the best of all possible worlds, we gent lentils at $15. Everything is possible in this best of all possible worlds. Errr new stuff at the $30 tier. They should release an update so everyone gets an email about the new tiers. I think $3 million is a distinct possibility. Assuming that Paypal pledges reach 100k at the end AND the Brian Fargo puts in 100k (which he obviously doesn't need to since the original goal of 900k has been reached), the kickstarter pledges only have to reach $2.8 M. I think that the last 24 or even 12 hours will be the biggest boosts, so it's definitely possible. @Karambini The everything at the $30 tier is given to the higher tiers, so yes the $55 tier will have the portraits, they just haven't updated everything yet. @Karambini You always get the stuff from the previous tier. They really need to update those tiers fast, or they'll start losing money instead. He, she, they, it's been a long time since I've played the TH mods. Whatever the sex or group theTH mods rocked, but 300K is too much to ask obviously cause things ain't looking good over there. I'm really split between the $30 tier and the $55 one... We don't get the portraits at $55? It's a bit late... I'll check it out in depth tomorrow... @richard, he? @Lukasz The extra can come in any platform you want. @bodrog777 Dude, that's the 5th time at least you've pitched for them, here. I have great respect for TH, I played both 1 and 2, but I think he overreached with the amount and it's obvious he's going to fall way short and fail. He needs to regroup and come up with a more realistic amount for his second try. (which he said he will do) interesting note... there will only be roughly 2 thousand shirts made. wearable rare item. Does "early playable Beta" in 55$ tier meen there will be"regular" beta later? @ Richard - it should but I'm not if it means extra for a different platform, also for the same platform like 2 copies for PC, but i suppose it shouldn't matter which platform is your second choice? Someone needs to update the google doc. Btw where is it? Let's help out these guys too: <url>"Extra Digital Downloadable copy of game DRM free for PC or MAC OSX or Linux +" answers your question. @Bryan Yeah, they should also make the reward tiers more uniform, so they always begin with "Previous reward +". Right now there are like 4 different variants of specifying "previous reward". Does the 30$ tier give you 2 copies of a game now? See posts below. lol, they're going to need to update the $50 and $55 tiers now to better show what that pledger is getting, not to mention updating the FAQ to reflect the new additions. XD Will people at the $50 tier get access to the awesome stuff at the $30 tier? Amazing new $30 tier! Even though i'm just poor student, I raised my pledge. You're bastard, Fargo :( I wish I can pledge $10k and have a party with the InXile team, but then my bubble bursted after I reach into my empty pockets. Larry Laffer and the Shadowrunners have taken their fair share :-( $30 tier has been updated, and everyone gets access to the vision document! That's how I go about my life even outside of KS...Confused and grinning like an idiot. Don't worry, confusion is the rule here... Along with having fun. :p @richard First time using kickstart, so i'm not so inform on how things work here. Yeah, I'm thinking previous rewards apply is a, duh. Still no lentils, though. :( I think it is safe to say that all tiers, excluding $15, will get the content is now described in the $30 tier. @Dugger Yes whatever they add to the $30 tier will be received by all higher tier pledgers. Best to just wait for the update, but there are not going to do anything to make people lower their pledges. That's why they are looking at wholly digital bonuses, so they can distribute them widely without adding a lot of cost that would defeat the purpose. okay, ill stick to my donation then. Im really interested in the video vlogs for some reason lol $50 includes things from $30. I guess they just haven't had time to update $50 text yet. Lukasz, it appears so, but nothing wrong with pledging a tad more. ;^) $30 and above get all those goodies Do the people at tier 50 get the benefits on tier 30 also? if not, I think i might just downgrade. Am I correct 55$ all digital package gets also everything that will be added to 30$ tier? What do you kids say, SWEET! hey check out the $30 pledge tier now on the right! New $30 tier up! Coool! Hmm, at the current rate ($4.5k/h) we will end up at 2.8-2.9M. @Wodwo whew! ok. didn't want you to miss out. And I bet that backer store brings in even more $$ than the campaign does. Add access to beta in $50 box version reward tier. @Richard Ah, I just meant the people that actually matter (especially those you mentioned). The rest of the world is going to hell in a handbasket anyway. :P It would be sweet if soundtrack turned out to be in .flac format (lossless). @Richard Blackrose Actually, the world may notice, but it takes a lot to get it's attention. Remember the Queen of the Ants in Neal Stephenson's "Diamond Age"? "There's only zero of you," said the Queen of the Ants. In ant arithmetic, there are only two numbers: Zero, which means anything less than a million, and Some. (It's on the bottom of page 155, books.google.com) Fan bases *do* get noticed, but only if they're huge. This fan base is "Zero", not "Some". @Cathy I love you for offering, but I've got money coming in... just not in the next 39 hours. With the news that there will be a backer store, I plan to put in significantly more than the $15 for the DDC. I'm sure we can convince Mr. Fargo to release the mod kit even if we don't reach the goal right now. The community wants it and given time, they'll fund it, I'm sure. :) Pledged $30 for a Linux version ! It's a shame we won't achieve $3,000,000. I hoped for nice mod tools. But we're already over $2,500,000, perhaps we could have half-a**ed tools at least ? Paypal's at 79000. Only 11 k to 100. this is getting better by the minute So do you guys think we will reach 3 million? I am getting rather nervous that the money won't reach that high. I really want that mod kit... Boston sucks That is aller.. How many novellas does it take to screw in a light bulb. Go Red Sox. That is all... @Charles NY, NY, it's a hell of a town. how many nano-novellas are in one novella? Doesn't 3 novellas equal a whole novel? :p @Richard-If you downgrade, I will drive to you and show you how tough us Connecticut boys are! Whats your address? Oh nice! 3 novellas in total, excellent! Er, I don't wish to be the bearer of bad news, Wodwo, but the world doesn't give a shit. Just saying. :p It's enough that we're showing Brian and other potential Golden Age RPG Devs (I'm looking at you, Mr. Planescape spiritual successor, Avellone) that Wasteland 2 has a healthy (lucrative) fan base. @Charles That $30 tier is looking sweeter and sweeter I may have to downgrade to it. ;) :p From Brian "Good news Chris Avellone just agreed to write a Wasteland novella for the $30 tier! We'll add that to the list" Also, we must show the world that these games still have a healthy fan base! :D @MeatheadMilitia I do! The Fallout 1 box is still without equal. @wodwo Thanks! (from the other board) sigh. Are you seriously not even getting the ddc? ok, give me your id... @Lukasz Welcomes! It shouldn't discourage people from pledging now, though. If you have money now, pledge it... no info has been released on exactly what the "upgrade options" in the backer only store will be. They might not be as good. ;) Nope. Who here still has their ORIGINAL Fallout, Fallout 2, Fallout Tactics CD's and Manuals? Or am I the only one? o_O :D Nah, it just encourage us to pledge more later. :p @Wodwo - very important information, thanks for sharing. And to Brian Fargo - great idea, i just hope it won't discourage people to pledge more now ;) I'll do that project anyway as example, but probably inXile agree to make its something special :) I'll try to code prototype example, so everyone can vote for my idea. @Charles You'll get a better game that way. ;) @Wodwo-That's great!! Unfortunately it will probably give me more time to contemplate and inevitably up my pledge...sigh. @Richard Blackrose <url>"Greetings to the creators of awesomeness. I know you're busy so I'll keep it short. I'm flat broke, but scrounged up change to pledge $1 to Wasteland 2. I would like to increase my pledge at a later date, but Kickstarter does not allow that. Would it be a possibility through PayPal? Thanks so much for being awesome! -Wodwo" Reply: "We will have a bakcker only store that will have some upgrade options. We will talk more about them after the kickstarter closes..." So... WOOT! :D As I mentioned before, I would like beta access at lower level than $55, but I don't think this'll happen I'm need some time to make example pages, probably inXile can easy do that. Nice reason to upgrade pledge and shouldn't be hard to make it. Throw in some lentils and you can count me in. To paraphrase Warhol, everyone should get at least 1.5 seconds of fame. Probably unlimited twitter-like page with lot and lot of names which change sorting every day. So anybody can be on first page sometimes. @SXX-That's a really good idea! I'm on board. What do you think about that idea? :) I have other idea for $30 tier, inXile can create "Wall of Names" on game website, It's shouldn't b hard. If you give $30 pledge you can submit your name, photo and small story to special page where you can say something about yourself or why do you want to be backer of this game. And all people can get some glory and say their opinion about future of Wasteland 2. $30 tier can allow you to be part of game development history. Many days ago I had suggested decoder rings. Now is the perfect time to implement them as a reward. LOL @Bryan And more importantly, no pants. I raised my support from 30$ to 55$... hoping we'll reach the 3M$ goal to have a mod kit... @David If that happened I would be MOST pleased as I'm sitting at the $250 tier with no T-shirt. Free Lentils for all at the $30 tier and above. I'm sold!!! Ladies and gentlemen, Elvis has entered the building. :p @Brian Fargo, maybe if hail-mary tier changes are being made a new one could be introduced at $200 pledge level. It would combine both of the $150 options, so one would receive a T-shirt, the coin, the poster, the boxed copy AND an un-signed collectors edition. A little bit late, but i just put my first pledge on kickstarter :D I´m sooo looking forward to what Brian Fargo and all the guys will achieve with Wasteland 2 ... Loved the first Wasteland (and Fallout 1 & 2 of course) and i was sad that all these brilliant RPGs faded away ... i´m so glad to see them resurrected through Wasteland 2 & Shadowrun Returns ... i hope many will follow in the future ! Good times =) @Karl Zylinski It's ok, I didn't mean the $15 reward should be changed. I was giving my understanding of why many people are not pledging more than $15. And yes, you are a student, but you are a games programming student. ;-) So you are willing to eat lentils in exchange for new games. Personally, I think it's great that you are so enthusiastic about Wasteland 2. @SXX It would, but if a lot of those $15 pledgers bumped up their pledges, that's a lot of extra money, definitely some profit to be reaped. Brian's latest tweet: "I'll let the poll run another hour or so and then incorporate results into KS and an update. I could not imagine developing any other way." Hmmmm, strange though, nothing about lentils. :p @Bryan Sharkey Probably documentary cost money so it's not a good idea right now. Karl: Hope you don't have any roommates or so. ;) LOL. Wasn't that a movie with Barbara Streisand? ;) And cheap! Lentils are very healthy. @Cathy I think you misunderstood. I didn't mean they should change $15 in any way. Just change $30 to motivate people who got enough money to switch from $15 to $30, this is being discussed here: <url>"I heard a 4 part making of documentary and an extra copy of the game might be added to $30. Would that make you pledge $30 instead of $15?" Short answer: Hell, yes! :) And since it looks like that will happen, I have now changed from $15->$30. @fredletamanoir read update 8 But it was worth it. [[following my last post]... and even without such modding/level/mission editors tools, if the format/specifications are made public, the community could be available to develop editor tools and then... mods... Well that took forever! <url>"official" statement about modding. On the portal forum, I found some posts about a 3M$ goal to develop such tools, but I am still searching for the original post/announcement... But perhaps I am missing something... Any news on this.? $30 needs some love to make people jump from $15 to $30. I heard a 4 part making of documentary and an extra copy of the game might be added to $30. Would that make you pledge $30 instead of $15? "What would entice you to up your pledge?" What would entice me is here already, Novella part 2. I'm at $50 (+$15) level, don't want to go to $55 level because I want the box and I feel I can't go to $75 due to me be backing a few other projects. I don't care for soundtracks or beta access, so paying an extra $25 only for Novella part 2 is a bit too much for me. I guess I'm cheap Just backed the project. Wanted to express my support for creative ideas and artistic freedom. Projects like these deserve support, if only to show the publishers that projects like these can be a success. I have sadly never played most of the games made by the creators, besides their modern interpretations (Fallout 3, New Vegas) but respect the heritage and am very exited about Wasteland 2. Can't respond on Twitter, but in response to Brian's question: "What would entice you to up your pledge?"... Well, some kind of dev diary/video access would make me do it. (As would the ability to import my own ranger portraits into my game :) ) Cathy = Smart <3 @Stargazer, Fishos The rewards are definitely an expense item of the project, but they are just that: an expense item. We are not investing in exchange for royalties. We have no claim on the copyright. Heck, inXile is under no legal obligation whatsoever to the backers, it's a gentleman's handshake. So the rewards are a one-time hit for inXile. It's not a marriage, it's more like... ok, it's not a marriage. I don't think we need to quibble about $5 more or less on the rewards. It's still a good deal for the game maker. Let me just add that I would be keen for a vision document. I have actually been considering upping my pledge just for the heck of it (I'm not interested in soundtracks or anything physical due to shipping costs), however a design bible of sorts would definitely be relative to my interests! This user's account has been deleted. @Charles: Put the text on that picture of the guy with the fin on his head. @Steve-now that's got a meme written all over it! "I upped my pledge, now up yours!" Valid points, but cloth maps... I'm drooling already. @Fishos: But I like being able to hold things... Stargazer - Yes! That's why it's best for all to go for the $55 reward and not the $50. Don't be a materialist and you'll end up getting a lot more! vehilel= vehicle Promoting Wasteland 2 and how you can be involved " <url>" Heh, this is the one I meant. :) The big draw on the resources are going to be the rewards. Double Fine released some interesting numbers on this for their backers, and nearly $500,000 went into manufacturing and shipping the rewards for that project. I think we can expect similar numbers here as well. However, InXile could still get more resources available for the game, since they are not doing a documentary. It will be interesting to see the final numbers once the fundraiser ends. I think Kickstarter is a valid idea, and the pursuit of proffit is noble. Kickstarter provides a vehilel for small independent projects to gain funding. That being said if there is an option that can maximise how much I can donate I'll choose that method. If not I'll continue to support the project through Kickstrarter. Paypal is provided as aN option that saves 5 percent. why not use it? Paypal is benificial to the development of Wasteland. Besides I'm sure a fraction of 2,560,872 dollars won't affect the KS profit margin. Promoting Wasteland 2 and how you can be involved. " <url>" These percentages are quite low compared to a the cut of a traditional publisher, and inXile keeps complete control of both artistic direction and copyrights. The publisher normally takes the risk on the venture (which we are collectively doing) and guides publicity and distribution (which inXile can manage directly). Basically, a game maker must pay some percentages just to run a huge project. But this process reduces the overhead costs. For follow-up games, add-ons, etc, inExile can contact us directly and further reduce their costs. Y'all did get the part where inExile gets our mailing address, email address, shoe size, etc when they deliver the rewards, right? You don't think they're just going to throw away that list, do you? And that's a *good thing*, because now they can offer us more content at a lower cost by contacting us (mostly via email, as the majority of backers are not receiving material goods). @Stekhnovskii Artem: Welcome aboard! I'd love to see an example of what an Avellone design packet looks like... PLEDGED ****! I never pledge, but Brian moved my heart. I agree the $30 reward isn't nearly attractive enough. They need to make it more attractive and a lot of people will up their pledge. @Justinian Hobor, that's a good point. It still feels like Kickstarter is cutting a pretty large chunk to themselves, but hopefully that will go into developing this site further. I'm sure they've spent a lot of money setting this up, and it's projects like these that return that investment. Amazon takes 5% + $0.05 from pledges under $10, 2.9% + $0.30 for pledges $10 and up, down to $1.9% + $0.30, which is probably the case here (over $100,000 made in a single month). See <url>"What fees does Kickstarter charge? Kickstarter collects a 5% fee from the project’s funding total if and only if a project is successfully funded. Amazon (our payments processor) also charges credit card processing fees that generally work out to 3-5%." As a person that has always been cynical of the internet and all the crappy things that can happen to a person on it, I'm real proud to be a part of this! From meeting great people who I now consider friends, to seeing how awesome people are willing to lend others a little bit of money to help out, this is a real eye opener for me. I now see that the good in people is not dead, and that we may have a chance yet! Thank you to everyone for making me a less irritable person! Mathew Barker, if it wasn't for kickstarter, wasteland 2 would have never seen the light. Support the game and (as Brian Fargo is doing with kicking it forward) support kickstarter too. Sure, 5% is ok. But 15% would be too much in my opinion. Of course KS should get it's share! @Jason: Hear, hear! Kickstarter taking their share is only fair, and I'm certain that Mr Fargo took that into consideration when laying out the project/funding goals. I hear a lot of talk about going to paypal because of KS and Amazon taking a cut, but I shall be keeping my pledge in place because if it were not for Kickstarter this would not be possible in the first place. I have no problem with supporting this project AND the wonderful site that made this amazing project possible. It's completely fair and I want to see KS help many others get their dreams off the ground and I'm plenty fine with a percentage going to them. I'm pretty sure it's 5 percent for KS and between 3 and 5 for Amazon. @just jase yeah WOW, that Ruin vid is awesome! Definitely matches the background of the Scorpitron concept art! @Great and Glorious Goose ; ) That was the idea. @ET3D: So you claim that 15% goes to KS and amazon? I cannot imagine that's true... Following up on my previous message, Amazon + Kickstarter will take $0.15 off a $1 pledge, so it's not too bad. Still I might just leave the Kickstarter altogether. I'm sure inXile will make sure PayPal backers get any relevant update. Nice shark, Banker lady, very bankerish. :p @Erich Thanks! I have warm fuzzies now! I like warm fuzzies! Keep fighting the good fight! @Wodwo You're a sweet guy! If you change your mind about any of these, though, feel free to contact Erich. He has my accounts and is more often online than I am. Sorry if someones already linked this but Holy Shit <url>#!/search/realtime/%23wasteland2kickstarter%20kickstarter.com Let everyone you post that hashtag to that therealwonko will pledge an additional $100 if 50 people use that hashtag to promote Wasteland 2's Kickstarter page! The goal is to "beat" DF, not to get 3M! So, $775k to go... @Vadrick yes with #Wasteland2Kickstarter with their link. I think we will hit the 3 million, come on guys lets get it there! We need to move some of those 32000+ backers from 15 or more to 30 or more! Suuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuurge! I'd like to hope it's everyone posting links, tweets, etc. we are doing well, so 3mill may still happen Whatever happened in the last hour needs to keep happening. $13,000 in one hour! Upped another $25 Upped another $15 46 more tweets and I up my pledge $100 dollars YEAH everyone $10 more!! upped to $260. @Mike Romatowski make one ;') or get someone you know with an account to do it for you. or for best value do both! heh. good point tho I need to share this info on my FB account as well! I shared the link on facebook to the Kickstarter page - no twitter account Brian Fargo Did mention he liked the idea of getting the hash tag to trend... 49 to go... Well done! My upping was $50 as well. @Mike just upped my too (by 50$)... :-) Ok upped mine to $150. If everyone backed $10 more we'd make it to 3 million. If i can get 50 people to tweet #wasteland2kickstarter with a link back to the kickstarter I'll up my pledge to $150 @that guy Why not just make an additional kickstarter account and pledge another $15? Or simlply make a few $15 paypal pledges as these do not add up unless you choose the upgrade option. @Jason-Ah thanks for that. I definitely wasn't excluding anyone from saving the day. I was unaware, but now I know. Thinking about leaving $1, but then that $1 will go mostly to Amazon. I'll have to take a look at Amazon's terms, but right now it feels like I might not end up paying less fees, which is the point of the exercise. Sure I'll add $1 which will mean a little more money goes to the project, but splitting the pledge that way might not be beneficial. @Totalbiscuit also helped get the word out about Takedown. He's has a large number of followers and is quite fond of indie titles. Eep sorry I meant paypal@inxile-entertainment.com !! And just a tip for those who want to donate Inxile directly through Paypal: Sign into Paypal and send your payment to <email> (that way you can even send money in a currency other than USD) @Fishos, the maximum they're offering for PayPal is $500. And PayPal still takes its cut, which is like Amazon's cut, so it's just the 5% from Kickstarter which is saved. Still, 5% of $500 is $25 which can't be sneezed at. We need Notch to give a plug to WL@ like he did for Takedown. He saved that game from not getting it's funding! Notch we need you buddy! If all those who pledged $10,000 will do it through Paypal instead, Inxile will get an extra $11,000. How about a last minute $35 or $40 tier that has two digital copies. I'd love one for my linux box at home and one for my work laptop!!!! I'm sure there are plenty of people who would hop on two digital copies so they could give one as a gift... I'd easily jump from my $15 pledge to that! @ET3D correct me if i'm wrong but i think you can pledge $1 on kickstarter and have access to everythin backers have access to. ET3D: Just leave a $1 pledge here and enjoy both worlds. @ET3D: Leave a dollar here so you can post. I'm thinking of removing my Kickstarter pledge and paying with PayPal. That way more money will go to the project (Kickstarter won't take its cut). On the other hand, I will no longer be able to post here and will lose access to potential backer only updates. Tough decision. The amount earned today via Kickstarter is already twice more than it normally is at this hour. This is promising; whatever you guys are doing, keep doing it, but harder! I agree on the rewards for 30. magic has to happen to hit 3 million. Need new rewards for the 30$! Recent Tweet from Brian: Brian Fargo‏@BrianFargoReply And at 3 million I will buy a REALLY scary clown costume to frighten @ChrisAvellone and video it! Let's not forget some outstanding fan art from fellow backer Rick: <url>"I personally hate monsters that scale up with my level. I want the satisfaction of mowing through the enemies that use to harass me. Having the difficulty curve to steep at the start is a different issue than scaling. I am for having monsters increase in difficulty on triggers like night time but that is still not scaling." - Brian Fargo +1 my friend...+1 indeed. @Stargazer: Good call and I hope your right!! JJ: I think it is more that people don't want to wait for being charged. They had rather wait with pledging until the final hours of the last day and give whatever they can afford then. Can't say I blame them; the western world is becoming ever more economically unpredictable; folks just want to make sure they don't promise more than they can give. And only 46hours left! Nice to see my brethren chumming it up ... hmmm 2.6M and counting ... maybe folks are just waiting to make a dramatic finish Morning all! 2.5 mill way awesome! We have to help the small fries too: <url>´s Engine is the id Tech 2, most famously known for Quake and other first person shooter. So, relax... :-) <url>"first person shooter", which most modern rpgs really are. @Mind; always good to see another face who came here because of OOTS :P Though it got a much more positive response to backer exclusives. I think GD has a lot of promise, have you checked out the recent Occultist Class video that was recently released? if not, you should <url>"top down" means is that the camera is locked at those angles. Even that Uniengine example we saw in the valley could easily become an isometric turn based RPG, the only thing it really showcases is what it is capable graphically. Gameplay wise, it's much more flexible. @SLP2000 Game Engines such as Unigine and Unreal (UDK) are not limited to any specific usage. Both are "Universal" engines which are adaptable to many different forms from FPS to the “cavalier oblique” style of Fallout. @David - You almost had me there David with the DLC comment! :) @SPL2000 it's just an engine, just cause it can do nice 3D worlds doesn't mean it cannot do isometric. Or you could convince some of the other awesome projects I'm funding to delay themselves a month or so. That would help. *Considers quicky emptying bank account* @SLP: see the forum polls. Under 2 days! That should see a spike. I'm on $15 at the moment; you might convince me to up to 30 with telling us just how much depth is 'more depth', in terms of hours. Or backer only launch day DLC :P :P :P I kid. Any 3D engine can simulate topdown and isometric angles. Lock camera at an angle - Done! @Svetlovska - and how the hell is this isometric? This is modern engine for FPP rpgs (or with a view behind characters) while Wasteland 2 is supposed to be isometric rpg ("no first person shooter" as stated on the main page of the project). If they use some modern-style engine I'll ask for a refund. Just updated my donation to 50 bucks. I would really love to see this get to 3 million. :( @ Nile - Here's a link to the 'might be the engine for W2' Unigine demo on YouTube. Very pretty... <url>"poll area" at the wasteland 2 forum. So if you pledge more than the absolute minimum amount then you aren't just buying the game you also get a (small) say in the games development. Unigine Engine Looks To Wasteland 2 <url>"Exclusive content = landshark content? Will people be okay then?" Not at all. We need landshark to to make its (teeth)mark upon the world. Well i think 3000000 will be taken in last hours! But some indie developers still needs help: <url>~I'm afraid that the box will be broken in the shipping to China..And 2 years, so long for waiting.... Mainly joking, Erich. I'm really glad it's not here. I'm overjoyed how far we've all gotten. I went from totally unexcited about gaming this year to pumped. What I want us to figure out is how to get the better mod kit. Also, on a serious note, can we keep the exclusive content discussion off of this board? I don't need all my KS comment boards to be about it today. @Conan: I don't want exclusive content! Exclusive content = landshark content? Will people be okay then? Kick them forward! <url>"Sigh" I worry about you, JJ. You haven't really gotten the whole, "I'm a badass landshark that eats everything on the planet," down, yet. @Erick Kaiser Your thinking may have been small, but I'm liking that ginormous confidence. Well their only food when I'm hungry ... ;) Me always hungry though ... What happened to Fish are friends not food? Pots of Pentunia's are the exception ... but only for short periods of time ;) Actually we pretty much don't like anybody, or anything who isn't a landshark. ;) It's a shark thing, :p Don't want to be BFF's with any potential food source. Landsharks don't like scorpitrons .... especially scorpitron 2's. <url>"I will not accept if nominated and will not serve if ... as "If drafted, I will not run; if nominated, I will not accept; if elected, I will not serve." :p Hey, what's with the 83, I thought we were in the 70 plus range. @Richard: Any takers yet? ;) @Richard Blackrose: Damn my small thinking. I have full confidence that we will pull this off. I nominate Blackrose for the task! Conversely, if we can get just one person to up their pledge a half million dollars we be right there, problem solved. :p Technically already up $83 from my main pledge! @adam I'm right there with you, though I have to say, my hope is that Fargo kickstarts a real Bard's Tale sequel. Master's of Orion is really high on my list too, I miss those kinds of games. Then again, I could make a list of long-lost great games that really could use a modern sequel. Upped by $9. HOPE WE MAKE IT! @ AshenPheonix After all this kickstarter awesomeness its awesome just to be able to dream of another Planescape game and it actually be a real possibility. So much can be done in that universe by those writers. It doesnt even have to be a direct sequal to Planescape: Torment. Just make Planescape: ?????? and I will be throwing in at least $250 again. Ok, just upped mine $9 If everyone just upped their pledge by $9 we'll be there. I'll go first. It's dangerous to go alone. Take this! <url>"0-day backers only stuff unacceptable". As well I don't understand why updates like that happen in Friday (mean no update until Monday)... very very strange. Anyway you lose latest Shadowrun update which bring biggest problem than Linux support. Idea about pre-order bonus mission seems like something worse, really, like 0-day DLC. aww. i n00b, sorry. @Rune Wrong tab :p But I allow you to put your pledge here, Shadowrun still have more time than Wasteland ^_^ Oh that's great! If GNU/Linux support is truly promised for Shadowrun Returns, you can count on my support! Yeah, I won't support any more KS projects until I get some support for my Home Pong console. Retro revolution, baby! :p @ Richard Blackrose I'm still hoping. I won't support any more KS projects until I start getting some support for my Turbografx 16. Get with the times developers! @Rune, come on, you have a nice cryogenic camera, don't you? SR guys promised to make Linux version after they release the game for Mac and Windows. Moreover, to do so they got their game engine developers to change their roadmap for the framework and add Linux support. There is always a chance that they'll toss it later, but so far they promised to support Linux. See their updates for details. @Rune, they are supporting linux now. @Mathew Damn, I was hoping since part of the count didn't count to claim the KS money, too. :p They are supporting Linux now. Go put your money where your mouth is. I would like to donate to Shadowrun Returns. But their refusal to support GNU/Linux is a no-go for me. Convince them to suport Linux, and you will have my support! "Cant-afford-to-suppport-GNU/Linux" is laughable! @Richard Blackrose Exactly, Paypal is already part of the sunk costs,( even though it hasn't been spent yet). and the money going to rewards and everything else not concerned with development of the game (selling and administrative expences). as far as I'm concerned all of that doesn't count as well, but I don't want to do the math to exclude these costs so it's easier just to exclude Paypal. Paypal will never get that high. At this point it would need to be 250000 to cover the ten percent total KS and Amazon costs, so part of that is coming from here... Hmmm, so according to your logic the Kickstarter total can't count as part of the count either because part of the KS count is going for reward costs, too. :P if Paypal gets that high Paypal doesn't count because it is the income that will cover the 10 percent taken by Amazon and KS and it wil be used to account for some of the rewards costs while the amount in the Kickstarter account will be used for the game budget. That is why no one considers Paypal as part of the count. LOL, Kitcktraq has the Pebble watch trending towards $32.5 million! Anyway, happy to see WL2 surpass $2.5M in Kickstarter. @Karl Zylinski Waiting for: See what Brian Fargo and Chris Avellone is doing with all your (their) money | 18+ only photo :-p Ooops. lag. You should have some special paypal account to get so big money transfer, sure that is impossible for now :p The paypal-part does not count since that's just Fargo's toilet paper stash! Yay, 2,500,000! Y @SXX Does that mean I can have the $74000 on paypal since it doesn't count officially? ;) :p Everything is okay, we slowly moving to our goals :) Sadly, there seems to have been some dips the last few minutes... Right now we officially going for $3M goal! Whhhoooooo!!! Congrats 2.5 Mil!! I heard a rumor the for an additional $15 Million you can choose a night on the town with either Brian Fargo or Chris Avellone. I also heard the will deliver the "Girlfriend Experience". Ouff! Someone just pledged quite the sum! : O Grats on $2,5 mil! <3 It's starting to move now peeps!!! Brian (or should it be Brain? ;p) Fargo together with Mr. Chris Avellone, how much more could one ask for? (Black Isle almost back together, what a dream) A little dream I personally have - for more than that - is that one of the 2K+ backers puts into the game a little figurine of a hand "flipping the bird" with a text saying: You find a small statue of a closed hand with the middle finger extended and the engraved text: "Sit on this", you get an urgent feeling you need to find someone truely deserving it; a publisher. Unfortunately I don't have the money needed to give the publishers this kind of "salute" as I've been unemployed for four years, but I'm giving the 65$ needed for the boxed copy with international shipping. (which equals about two weeks of food for me, it still feels like money well spent, even if I've never played the original I've played through its spiritual successors a lot of times) Give me post-apocalyptic mayhem please, everyday mayhem I can create on my bllody own, the PA version I need geniouses like you to make. :) Hey, folks, we'll have to help these guys. The more non-standard RPGs, the better. :) <url>"Sigh" :D Found my Torment (before it was called that) vision doc. @ChrisAvellone <url>#16/e=1f7176 List of active polls: <url>"Live streaming party Monday night at 12am EST. Nolan Bushnell among others will be with us." -Fargo on Twitter The time that this ends is a little unfortunate, I don't many people will be excitedly watching the the time with their wallets out to pledge more that early in the morning. :/ How often do you get a team this awesome doing a game without having to consider "commercial" interests? I hope everyone considering pledging does it so that we all can enjoy an even greater game! @Karl thanks for the link, thats an amazing picture. Andrée's Scorpitron is on deviantART's front page: <url>"popular" if it does not show up) less than 10k for the next milestone :-D And with Paypal it's already passed. But even with a big boost in the last 24 hours i doubt there will be more than 2.7 or 2.8 mil. Still a good result. @Robert You had me at, landshark. :p You have no idea how excited i am for this!! Big box companies have made games so casual that i never thought a game like fallout will ever be made again. With PC as a priority without console market influence... and here we have it... THANK YOU BRIAN and all the supporters!! :) Mod support means more sales. Means more WL2. Means more community involvement. Means more indie developers getting their start working on great mods. Maybe even kickstarters for mods. Mod support guarantees landsharks :D Go get em JJ FDF Oh, and do not pass go, but DO collect the two hundred dollars for the cause. :p That's my Landshark bro. My advice, skip implore go straight to crap beating out of. :p I am out for awhile to sternly implore people to pledge and if I am not back shortly it's because I moved on to beat the crap and am confined ... later!! @Erin: I hope there is no *splat* in my near future ... =) @deVoid: FDF ... is that a new slogan for a battle cry ... ;)~ @Richard: A nano second is better than a femtosecond ... its said when friendships are measured in fractions of seconds ... and especially when that exclaim ... "Not again ..." @Jason But you didn't remember :D and that's what counts. WL is betah! @Cristian $72,436 :D your gray hairs are shining through mate Don't hold back, now. Say how you really feel. :p The games industry is big enough for people to enjoy all kinds of games. I've pledged for this, and if i had remembered i would have pledged for DF's game also. You know what...FUCK DOUBLE FINE! Call me when they make a genre defining game that in 20 years from now will make mature women go all squishy down there! We did it and I don't care if they got more money. OUR WASTELAND WILL BE BETTER! WL2 will not be what we expect but they will make a gazillion from it AND THEN they will make WL3 that will make us all release sperm uncontrollably. Anybody knows how much does the pay pal pledges amount to right now? Hey, JJ never said he wanted a BFF, just a friend, if only for a nanosecond. :p @JJ, to which the pot of petunias would say, "Oh no, not again." ;) ... and wear it on my head ... =) Anyway, current trending puts us at ~2.7M ... so just 1/2 the surge that DF got would put us over 3M. It's within sight and might not even have to engage the infinite improbability drive ... although I could use the Pot of Petunia's for a friend. =)~ shuuuunnnnnn the non-believers ... ;) "Whats Going On" Marvin Gayle: <url>#wasteland2kickstarter go go go 3 million would be awesome to achieve! @Chris McC - What? I'm not sure what your questioning. The Scorpion is from the original Wasteland so it's in-game lore. The reddit thing I wasn't a fan of at first since I don't like it's format but at the end I ended up enjoying the q&A. It also gets more media attention which generates more pledges. @Joe will it run on a modern PC? Pandering to Reddit and that stupid Scorpion really makes me question what the fuck is going on here. Yeah but 50+ hours of boring, repetitive, dull game play does not equate to a good cRPG. Also, an edit button would be VERY helpful :) We're thinking about starting a KickStarter, for an edit function on KickStarter. :p gamebryo rather, man an edit would rule I mean, you can say what you want about it but even the harshest critics spent 50+ hours involved. By any other standard that in itself would = a good game; the engine was a leap forward via gamebro and the critical reception is like 90-95%... In my head i fantasise about an Obsidian version ala NV but lets not get ahead of ourselves Just found a working copy of wasteland on ebay SWEET Love that they posted that shot of the greenery taking over the city! Love that it won't just be an empty desert. That was "hiking simulator" @just jase yeah - Skyrim was an empty, lifeless shell of a game. It was a hicking simulator... NOT a cRPG as Wasteland 2 is defined :) What amazes me is that the average pledge per backer has remained very steady throughout the Kickstarter campaign. It's now hovering a touch above $47 per backer and I remember it hovering a touch over $50 per backer within a couple of days of the campaign's launch. To have it only trend down by $3 per backer is astonishing. Bravo to us and our credit cards! @Karambini International baby! No pot to steal! :) @just jase yeah - I'll put a pot on your head and steal your boxed copy of WL2! Any1 saying Skyrim is a failure is idiotic.. im sorry, whatever way you look at it I can only imagine by the end-game we being able to have our very own scorpitron 2.0, defending Ranger base in California from something even more threatening! Dead Island promised to be so good. Pebble is close to overtaking us! Under 10k in it! Well now I can't stop wondering who's building giant robotic scorpions dripping with miniguns. This game cannot happen soon enough. @M. farmery, Skyrim was one of those games I ended up hating after playing 100+ hours of it. Up until that point, it was the F-ing bees knees. skyrim, and Batman AC, I hope skyrim would have been a good game, but it was a major flop in my eyes, and as for Batman AC, I thought AA had a far better story and was better, and the PC version was pushed back for no reasons, and even then DirextX11 support was broken, as they did nothing on it. so another major disappointment @max, My biggest mainstream disappointment of recent memory was Bioshock 2. What the heck was that? I really, really liked number one but ... I mean talk about reusing assets. Anyways... anybody else got a disappointing purchase they would like to share? @Dan Grimes @Matthew Farmery Yeah, will probably go for it. If only I could get a refund for all the crap mainstream games I've had the displeasure of playing the last few years, I swear I'd pour it all into this too. the other thing is, if your going to up the pledge, I would advise do it early, DFA nearly brought KS to its knees, so I would do it now, rather then wait and be disappointed in not getting the order processed. @Max, international shipping is a bummer but I think you know, deep in your heart - or relatively shallowly in your heart- that you want a boxed copy. (I also had to shell out the extra fifteen for international shipping.) @Max go on, treat yourself!! I'm tempted to go full insane and up from 55 to the 100 collectors edition tier. Might due so on "Nuclear Monday" during the last 24 hours countdown. Sure would be nice to have a physical copy. :) If you mean here, yes, if you mean in total with paypal we passed 2.5 a while ago. So close to 2.5. Love the new wallpaper! I thought I would kick in another $50. Hope some more people deciede to do the same. But still, the amount of money that has already been raised is a great achievement. Good show everyone. Faith in humanity +1 restored. @uli there is a open source engine called "fife engine" (for isomeric view). You can see a movie here from "ZeroProject" which used that engine: <url>#!/binstream/statuses/190841646269743106 A little chum for chummy ... windows ... got it!! I love me some morning chum. :p Oh, and JJ, windows. +++++ Most likely been posted but no harm again....looks like the news is spreading fast <url>#agreed 69 hours left! A nude channel with a well oiled MCA needs to appear here now, available only for new arrivals that pledge and for those existing members who donate 10 dollars more! We'll get the half mil easy! Love that Scorpitron concept, not least because the overgrown city environment is *exactly* what I pictured for the 'lush postapocalyptic' look that was suggested. Excellent! Bits of that, bits of the old-school wasteland... It will really get some variety into the game :-) @fashi0n-Remember though, you can only play this game if you pledge $5000.00 or more, so you should just go and change that pledge right now. And make 10 of your friends do the same thing... @Nick Kaufer WHY IS THERE A SHARK WITH A LASER ON ITS HEAD.... WHERE ARE ITS LEGS... This user's account has been deleted. Video games is where dreams come true fashi0n... Where dreams come true... Hi, What is video game? @andris.opdal The international friendly all digital package includes "premiere access to an early playable beta on steam." Pldeged! to bad THE INTERNATIONAL FRIENDLY ALL DIGITAL PACKAGE! dont have beta :/ but pledged 10$ extra for good measure. @Casper As it has been said before, there's 70k$ from paypal pledges, so we're at 2,54m$. Damn, 70 hours to go and we're still at 2.4 million. Hopefully we can at least hit 2.6... Anyway they wouldn't build own engine, they evaluating two engines and one of them is Unigine: <url>"special tools for modding" at all. We can create our own additional tools, but if game will not support mods properly its mean lot of problems with scripting and other content replacing. looks good doesn't it? I wonder if there will be a chance of poster designs? as that as a poster without the wasteland logo, would look way cooler then the other, so I hope there is a choice, but if there isn't then fair enough Wow who build the "Scorpitron 2.0" (<url>´m sure we could then build something on our own (as community). I´m very sure I´m not the only person with some skilled c++ knowledge to build something. But building a own engine is very hard work, a editor it VERY easy compared to a game engine. Hopefully i will still be able to use pugilism to kill a scorpatron :D ... that was what i allways built my chars skill up to I do believe Wasteland 2 got more money now than DFA had at this time of its campaign, or at least roughly the same amount. I think this could in a new record if we get a similar "thermonuclear" surge the last day. We'll know for sure in two days. ;-) well fingers crossed for 3mil, if there was a lot of last minute pledging, like DFA, then yes possible, hope it happens, then again I wasn't expecting DFA to reach 3 mill, let alone 3.4 with pledges direct to the devs (at least a couple of $50,000 pledger's I think. still anything is possible, don't think it will reach DFA funding level, but again who knows, keep it up people Just $465,324 left before $3M and modding support. I don't really sure that we can take first position on Kickstarter, but we have all chances for $3M. To the people who thinks we didn't hit 2.5M People: We did hit 2.5 Million like HOURS ago, there is 70k from paypal, combine with Kickstarter, It is almost 2,540 Million! Let's just focus on 3M for now. @Matthew Yep, that means chances are higher. We will hit 3M. Takedown went from hopeless to funded in last 5 hours. Double Fine gained more than 800k in last day I believe. @Cattleclysm still a few days yet, last day push would be when the timer reaches 24 hours Last day push people, last day push. Don't lose hope. @Praudmur Mod support doesn't mean some editor only. It's probably mean some special things for modding and mod managing. E.g Bethesda games have native modding support which help to manage big amount of mods and detect conflicts of different resources. inXile can release their tools anyway, but modding need some extra work on engine. Good luck! I can not wait :)) Im not sure it will reach 3mill, but 2.5 mill has been reached, so there will be a couple more designers to the team, but who they are is unclear, maybe another update to say who they will be is in order? but well done everyone, as this is going to be one epic, awesome game 2.5 is 100%! but i think it will not reach 3. I think they will release editor anyway. I supported this project and also <url>#11's video as Brian gives the most details on the game there. =) @bryan Thanks, i only really backed this because i loved Brian's older games. Did not really other checking updates/comments because I trust these guys to do a great job. Just wondered since someone asked me the same question. Thanks again Probably there will be other distribution system like Desura, but inXile not confirm anything, but Steam. @Reuben Parker Yes. It's Steam key or DRM-free version if you want to. @Ronald Brian has mentioned that your starting party of 4 Rangers will be completely custom made. Will the digital copies be steam keys or something? This user's account has been deleted. Correct me if im wrong, but are the initial members of your party going to be premade or will you be able to customize them as you see fit? Wouldnt change my support, but I know a few people who are interested and asked me this question. @Philipp, thanks! come on 3 million! Well the next three days should certainly be exciting... @Matthew Actually with paypal (about $71k) we're currently standing at around $2,530,000! @Klayhamn isometric (like fallout) Isometric Man this thing just keeps going, almost 2.5 million. Nice one. Love that scorpion concept art. can anyone please tell me whether this is going to be top-down (and look like a bunch of circles running around a map) or isometric (like fallout)? Backed too. Please mr. Fargo, hire Josh Sawyer from Obsidian Entertainment too (if you can): his knowledge in game mechanics and weapon's balance would be fundamental for your project. Backed! Good luck. That's it, I'm done. Just reupped from $100 I couldn't afford to $250 I really, really can't afford. Every night is pasta night for the next month now. But - when will I ever get a chance to do something like this again? Other games/settings interest me, sure - but it was FO1 & 2 I completely inhabited, and on the strength of them, bought an xbox just to play FO3. I'd kick myself if I missed owning a piece of history here. Anyway, I *like* pasta. @Peter You can download a highres wallpaper on the inXile page I saw it already last night, but the Scorpitron is absolutely awesome! Bring me a wallpaper already! First- Wasteland 2, then a true Bard's Tale IV ?! I am going to pull out the real C64 hardware and heat up a 1541 playing my original Wasteland again! The team needs to dress up and stand in the hot sun like the photo in the original game box/album! Pledged 100. I think this is a great project. Can kid killing make it in to the game? Of course, with heavy in game punishments :) I'm gonna buy the boxed copy and figure my old computer won't be able to run it but now I have till Oct next year with motivation to buy at least a slightly better computer or upgrade (seven year old system). @Alfred A. Pledge 50 and get a beautiful boxed copy :) @Alfred A. on March 13 "Pledged $15 for this, would go up to 30 for a mac version!" Well you better pledge another $15 because there IS going to be a PC/MAC/Linux versions :) Wow. The reddit convo is so big. I've got your back :) Here is to games that make you think. Hopefully we see that 2 day rush that Double Fine saw, $3mil for that mod kit post-release... Wow, we're at 2.52. I hadn't checked in a few days. That's darn impressive. @Bryan I agree, very exciting! @Matthew Considering that we'll be going into California, I wouldn't be surprised if that's L.A. or other major city. Very exciting! Next stop... Freespace 3!!! 'god that would be awesome... In the concept art ther is a scorpion tank in a deserted city. Does this mean that Wasteland is going to have ruined environments as well as wasteland environments? Привет Habrahabr! Да здравствует Fallout! RusFans with you! @Michael Hoger She's already said that if this campaign falls short, they're not giving up, and will start another one. @bodrog777 Interesting project.The pitch video was god awful, but not anyone is blessed with charisma and a great screen presence. I still pledged, because I've read the interview on <url>#16/e=1f7176 List of active polls: <url>#!/BrianFargo Can we get a sample of what the Poster will look like? Onwards 3 Million! Hopefully last day boost will be more than enough Hurray! 2.5m$! \o/ Woot! :) Congrats! <url>"before" image. I'm gonna beat this thing like it owes me money and then I want the "after" image. Only 2.5M done though, still 3M to go :P Little more push and we're done! pretty exciting stuff 1.1k until 2.5 Million! This user's account has been deleted. Am i the first person to suggest a separate Kickstarter for mod kit/tools? Perhaps once you have the engine figured out so you would have some vague idea of a budget? or a week or month after release? @Richard You are half right ... or maybe completely ... ummm Hold on there are four horsemen at my door ... be right back ;) UAU! Scorpitron 2.0.This is the game!!! I already have it as my desktop wallpaperl!!! Go see the Scorpitron 2.0 at Facebook! Looks pretty good. This is the game that I have been waiting for! Thank you Brian and thank you to everyone invested in this. I know that I am emotionally invested and cannot wait to see this project get under way. I hope we hit that 3 Mil mark! Er, one too many, now's, in that last post. :p E-mail sent. So from random silly musing about Tim Cain sans pants to now we're now a recognized cause. I'm pretty sure the bible says this one of the signs of the coming Apocalypse. :p This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Society???!!! I leave you kids alone for two and half days and now it's a society???!! How did we go from a division to a society? What, we're going to have a yearly cotillion, now? :p This user's account has been deleted. @Richard Charlie has been holding a seat for you at Pantsless Landshark Society! You missed lots ... that might be a good thing though ... LOL Hey, serious going for the brass ring RL shit came up. You know what John Lennon said, "Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans." Your back .... =)) So, I hear people have been looking for me. :P When you talk about landsharks I can't help but think about this <url>~8K to 2.5M ... =)) This user's account has been deleted. Formed add hoc several nights ago on this very board and was commented on by inXile and has since become a movement. We have a 1k pledge so far and the more we get we can try to increase and go for more. If your interested join the Mutant thread <url>… Express your support and if you want to join PM Sharkey or EcoGuy your email and we will get you on the list. P.S. Also, you can get a Shark avatar and how your support ....!!! Thats awesome, hope it makes it into the game, just read Brians comment about it on reddit. @ET3D join us on the thread at <url>–]ChrisAvellone 2 points 12 minutes ago Respect +1 My Pants -1 2nd half of the reddit AMA became quite interesting. @Doran :D I know. So you in? @JJ haha indeed :) Well theres always the goldfish gang..or whatever they were called... (i have goldfish memory cause i can't even remember what i posted a few days ago!) @deVoid Studios Sorry man, I couldn't resist @Doran That wasn't funny man :| @just jase yeah - We are my friend. We ALL want the best for this game in hopes that it brings back a "dead" form of cRPGs that we have been missing for many, many years! Argh i am talking about reddit not WL2.. but i think we're on the same page :) @just jase yeah - Your words, not mine :) ... and yes, I agree that W2 will get more pledges no matter the format that it is being "advertised" on. We're all in this together, trendy and non-trendy alike ;) @deVoid Studios I'll join if Todd Howard is a member Dude it is nothing to do with trendy or popular.. think: useful.. hopefully it will get a few more pledges @ Regular Backers : You still have time to join an OFFICIALLY RECOGNIZED MOVEMENT! Yes Brian Fargo himself said on reddit and I quote "Just got the headsup on the Pantsless Landshark Society and I am a firm believer in your cause!" Join Landsharks today and help fund our pooled pledge. We are at 1k and counting. @just jase yeah - Eh, just not interested in "trendy" or "popular'. Heck, that's the reason we have Kickstarter Wasteland 2 to begin with!! Brian's vision wasn't "trendy" or "popular' enough with the "switched-on" general gaming public that the big boy publishers want ;) This user's account has been deleted. @JJ Lol man. @mindx2 Its actually a pretty good medium for checking out flash in the pan, world events, current memes, generally 'trending' topics, whatevers popular. It has a huge audience with a pretty switched-on userbase.. Whether a particular AMA works or not, the site generally does @Jason: Sorry bout the Tuna Kings as well but we can adopt "Fish are friends not food" and join forces ... LOL Thank you, Brian Fargo, and every at inXile who will be working on the game! This is a genre I've really been missing, and it's brilliant that the designers of two of my favoirte RPGs Fallout and Planescape will be the ones bringing it back. Very pleased to be able to pay in advance for something I would've bought anyway. Godspeed! @just jase yeah - Don't have facebook, myspace, twitter or any other "social" cra... "stuff" and ONLY signed up for this reddit thing in case I wanted to post a question. Overall, I now know for sure that reddit is NOT for me :) I actually found the whole thing rather boring and uninteresting except for how some publishers were NOW interesting in W2!! Go Lanksharks ... I am proud to be a member and even prouder now ... =)) @Jason-Tuna Kings should be a part of WL3!!! That'll keep everyone wanting another game. LOL..good job Tuna kings didn't make it, for shame dude, for shame. We are officially recognized by Brian himself!!! [+]BrianFargoCEO inXile Entertainment[S] 5 points6 points7 points 17 minutes ago (1 child) [–]BrianFargoCEO inXile Entertainment[S] 5 points6 points7 points 17 minutes ago Just got the headsup on the Pantsless Landshark Society and I am a firm believer in your cause! Woah calm down guys, didn't think it was a problem having an opinion on reddit...its not that big a deal. "Dads with Computers".. if you're clueless about Reddit you're about 2 years behind the times jesus christ, 1st world problems For those complaining about Reddit's format just go to Brian and Chris' profile for all their answers. Click context below each comment to get... context. <url>"...Top down view in 2012? Come on. They have until October next year to deliver isometric graphics. This is _not_ unreasonable..." (c) Okey. You say 2012 year behind the window. Calculate with me? If developers chose 3D-isometric view with posibility rotate camera. Model can be made with all various sides. I think you agree with me - if they want do it isometric - they must do it it's good. Because poor isometric game - it's a bad. One model (non NPC) made in one day (low-poly, UVW, textures). It's a good speed for skilled artist. But this model can have a polish. Take a two days on 3D-model (it's not a creature, non NPC, non car and other serious model) We remember - 6 month's inXile take on pre-production (vision, documents, art & etc) and only one year on development. You must remember two things. It's a OPEN and giant world, and - developers MUST TEST this giant world (but non in last day, much earlier). Now we got to the mathematics. In one year 365 days. 48 weeks. Let's substract from this weekends. Each week have a two day on the rest. In month we have 8 days on weekends. Multiply the number of days on 12 months = 96 days on the rest. From one year. 365 days - 96 days = 269 days. And its... no all. There are a lot of problems. The human factor. Disease. Even some unaccounted holiday. Hangovers. Disaster. Let's take on it - 29 days. Or 19. What we have? 250 work days in year. Calculate again? We remember one designer made one model in two days, and it's model is not difficult. What designer can made in one year? 125 easy models. If this man be work as robot. Sounds good. BUT. You really must want to know how it's working. Made the model is not conveyor. People made mistakes. And real "chain" looks as: - designer recieve concept or photo-references - designer made model - made textures (either he, or any other specialist) - model goes for approval - model come back for fixes - model goes for approval (I briefly described. Thus - the model made by two days, but it takes time 3. That maybe? Could be). Calculate again? In the past we have 125 models. We now have in a year ~ 83 models. Funny yea? On the approval-operation we "lost" 42 models in one year. I'm not a kidding. By the way. We know what models need import in game-engine, testing and configure the model. You think it's made in 5 minutes? No... Why am I getting at? To produce the required number of models - you need not one, not two or ten people. All models must be properly configured. All models must have a common stylistic decision. I'm talking about simple prop-models (exept cars, unique buildings and unique constructions). Want to calculate the time for NPC models? The development of texture environment? Shaders. Models for the inventory. Interfaces. Each game - hell work. With lots of resources. Does anyone know how many people in the team inXile? Because if inXile have ten or twenty designers... it's not much for big-open-isometric world. If inXile do not want enlarge people in the team - There is only one way - freelancers. Approval with freelancer - time multiply on two. Brian Fargo, Chris Avellone, Mark Morgan - it's a titanic people. Like the old gods. But no gods make a lot of work. Not only. For this work needs many people. Each game - it's a team. Remember - how long made Fallout 3? Long time. You can see in game many unique models? No. Many non-clone objects? No. But Fallout 3 it's titanic work. many talented people work on him. The new Wasteland require many much easy objects. Non like Fallout 3. but these objects should be more than Fallout 3. Much More. Because it is a three-dimensional isometry. Do not even 2D, where developer can "cheat". And it 3D-isometry must be f**king cool. Because otherwise - it is better not to start doing. P.S. I VERY love isometry. Like crazy. Like You. But one year on development no much time. I afraid about the quality of this isometry. P.P.S. Sorry for this text madness. I was hoping you could offer the shirt at a lower pledge. I've pledged $50, and would gladly go up to $75 for a shirt. At $150, just to get the shirt is $100 too seep for me. I think the shirt is really cool, but don't necessarily want all the extra stuff at the higher pledge levels. Anyone agree? Link looks like <url>Чувак, не подкачай! Русские с тобой! Правда мы попросим еще для локализации Фаргус собрать! Uh oh is there chum in the water .... sharks are out ... anyone see Blackrose? Glad to have you guys aboard! Am so glad payday came around before this one ended. Happy to throw some money at the cause. Thanks to the Dev's for making the game, and thanks to all of you fellow pledgers! I pledged the basic $15. It's all I could afford (wish I could do more). I cannot wait to see this game! @Charles: I'm bummed I'm gonna miss it ... I hope they share the highlights in the Updates section =)) Forget about Christmas... Christmas is NOW! Sorry about misunderstanding, but there still needs to be more munnay! Spend guys, spend, or it'll be over before you know it :) 4.5 hours from now. @Charles: Isn't 12pm Pacific time in 6 hours? @Charles Middleton III Thanks for the valuable info! Im torn between getting the T-shirt with my signed copy or getting another boxed copy with the coin and poster. Oh and make to create an account so you all can upvote! It's free they usually last a couple hours so that lots of questions can be asked and answered. 12 PM Pacific time. 1.5 hours from now. go to Reddit.com around that time and search AMA Brian Fargo. It will most be likely be front page news, meaning that its popular so you might be able to find it there. REMEMBER! Reddit works on upvoting and downvoting articles. We all should be upvoting it! That will keep it front page news for much longer! Any idea how long the AMA will last? At what time will the AMA start? Does anyone know? Is there any way for me to participate? Teach me Reddit; I am a dinosaur. @Flashman115-Be warned! Reddit can become very addicting. Use it wisely, or get suck in! :-) ATTN EVERYONE: start tweeting #wasteland2kickstarter and link back to the kickstarter. we have 3 days left and it would be awesome to hit 3 million! @ Charles Middlleton III: Thank you for the information. Always nice to learn something new. @ Fishos: To Kickstarter, but not to Kicking it Forward. Some people still think that 5% of the funding will go to the Kicking it Forward initiative; it won't. Kickstarter, the protocol this is running on, will of course take a cut because they are providing a service. 5% to Kickstarter itself is nothing when you realize that this game wouldn't even be getting made if not for it. In my eyes, it is just part of development costs. It's supposed to start in 2 hours. I really don't see how this game can be made to mobile without changing pretty much everything. Ask Me Anything from Reddit.com. It's where the public can literally ask Brian and Chris anything. The two will then answer as many questions as they can, as long they are not stupid or irrelevant. Reddit is very popular so it might bring in a lot more supporters! Could please somebody explain what "AMA" stands for? Thx! I really hope the AMA brings in a lot more awareness to this. It be great to see the coffers start pouring in cash! Looks like we picked up nearly 1,000 new backers since yesterday. Good to see this is still growing. Brian Fargo and Chris Avellone in twitter: <url>#16/e=1f7176 List of active polls: <url>"%5 profit of FINISHED PRODUCT" which means they'll donate once they release the game and gathered the profits from customers. err sorry I meant Kicking it Forward!!! Our money doesn't go towards kickstarter at all. After the game is published and inXile starts making profit, then Brian and team will be giving 5% of their money to another project. Not ours. Finally got around to pledging. I hope you'll babysit my $90 well Mr Fargo! Care for them, nurture them. Make them grow into a new interplay or black isle. ;) Come on, guys, we need at least 2.6-somethting million so they have 2.5 after donating those 5% to kickstarter! Don't you want a 2.5 million game? :) I'm in for a hundred myself, keep em coming! @Roman Grazhdan - Thank you, didn't notice Trending towards 2.7 Million, it will probably hit 3 Million. Do you know why? Because some people doesn't like giving order then getting charged 1 month/week/day later. On april last 24 hours, mainstream gaming media will announce that's it's people's last change for mod tools, then we will probably pass 3 Million. Don't be disappointed. I am disappointed we`re not going to hit the 3mil modkit mark but I`m at least glad we`ll be hitting at least 2.5mil By the diferential in the charts it will probably ending in 2,7-2,8mi... Well, I'm just happy about the game, Mod tools or not. Karambini, <url>#10. :3 Oh my... The pledges seem to be picking up some speed :) Well how could I not back this up after what Fallout and Fallout 2 did to my childhood (hint: MADE IT A LOT BETTER)? So...yeah. Shut up and take my money. @Alex Laird Use <url>"steal" the logo my work from the logo Westwood Studios. I answer them: - it's not a plagiarism. It's a love. Tribute. Tribute of respect. And promise. Promise to save traditions. Respect traditions of game-development. In general ... If I misunderstood you, and hurt, too - forgive me for it. ) Just done payment :) I am sure with legends working on this project its one of my best investments of life!!! @Dominic. I suppose I just wish that they were just gonna include it in my current pledge award. Right now, it's a little to big a step up for just getting the T-shirt. eh, No matter. The game's what's important. Brian Fargo and Chris Avellone in twitter: <url>#16/e=1f7176 List of active polls: <url>"assault rifle". Variety really helps immerse you in the game. @Luke: I'm fairly certain it's just one unique skill for all of the backers. DFA got $600,000 in their last two days. It isn't beyond reason, but they got lots of national media making a big deal about DFA. Wasteland 2 is now a repeat story and won't get as much press, though it is getting some media attention. And the problem with spending a bunch of money on one project is that you don't have it to give on other projects. I'm now finding about 5 more Kickstarter projects I'd love to throw money at, but I can't because I have it to other projects like this, Shadowruns, Leisure Suit Larry, etc. So with 50,438 backers (thus far) are there going to be 50,438 unique and quirky skills, or is it one quirky skill that is unique to the 50,438 backers? Just backed this project! I can't wait to experience this classic rpg when it comes out. Great artwork and vision for the game. :) Looks like only $48k to go to reach $2.5mil with paypal included! It's gonna be cutting it close for that $3mil... It is a shame my student loan doesn't come in time! I really want to up my $15 to $150! Outcast 2? Shut up and take my money! Samuel, you're a smart cookie. Dare I guess you enjoy playing games that require a brain? Ok looks like I'll be passing on the shirt at the $250 level. Would much rather have the large boxed opy of the game, poster for SURE and what ever else. Every game I buy is in a box, just something with having a physical copy of the game vs digital. Two other games that I would definitely pledge their sequels are Star Control 2 and Outcast (1999). @Samuel Dantas I have pledged to Shadowrun as well. I hope it will be just as amazing as Wasteland 2. ie7/firefox 3.6.28. I'm at work, so i'm not allowed to upgrade :( @Vadrick That would be Bard's Tale? justin, Firefox 11 and IE 9.0.6 here and it's fine. What browser version you have? does anyone else have problems reading the FAQs. I click the question and then the project home page just refreshes. (ON-TOPIC) Really excited for Wasteland 2. I'm in for $100 (maybe more). If I had to choose three sequels from my favorite games of my youth, two of them have been mentioned in the last five posts. It's a great time to be someone that likes games that require a brain. As for the third one, all I can say is that it involves a lute. Hint Hint, inXile. @Michael It's not trolling. It's almost like Kicking it Forward. =) @Samuel Dantas, not to troll on a Wasteland 2 page, but I have pledged to that one as well. caught* =D @Vadrick Great idea! I just did that (irony got and ignored) =). Already pledged, Samuel. Now as penance for spamming, go post a plug for Wasteland 2 on their comments. (Irony intended.) @SXX, yes, nothing guaranteed, and I would doubt that there would be very many, if any, premium boxes under any circumstance. If anyone wants one of those, they really need to pledge now. Any original Shadowrun (real cyberpunk) fans here? <url>"or", better to send same question to inXile because they could fix this moment. You get them all. For Steam you will get steamplay version which should allow you to download both supported platforms. so do i get pc or mac or linux version, or i get them all? Adventure gamers, please consider Jane Jensen's Kickstarter <url>"Project Home" Project Home, bottom of page. Also, does the miniature still come with the $150 poster version? Where's the FAQ? I'm sorry. I must be blind. I see the new update, but I don't see the FAQ it's referring to. Hi, I'm at the 250 level and CRAVE all 4 different shirts AND my numbered coin/poster/ combo. How can i satiate the über nerd within? :)) @rick I think we just nuked the language barrier. Sorry if I offended you..that was not my intent. Maybe I should have said that the hanging guy reminds me of the dead island logo and looks like it was added to the pic as an after thought. Maybe a guy posting on a website his own drawings should have thicker skin. I guess we'll never know, cause i'm too nice of a guy to argue with you. :) my facebook---> <url>#!/greg00jackson? my job--> (19Delta) <url>"Legend of Kyrandia" made by Westwood Studios Ok, 50 $ variant is enough for me. Now i need to support Time machine kickstarter project. Rick that jester in the backround is BAD ASS!! Great job! T-shirt idea: How about this? Have a T-shirt design as a backer-only *additional* add-in option to *any* of the existing packages, available for an additional $25 at *any* backer price point, from $15 dollars up. At that price, it should be significantly better than self-financing. For example, extensive internet research consisting of, um, googling 'custom T shirt', chucks up Zazzle - <url>£9.65 - $15 US, more or less - on a minimum order size of just *one* shirt! . Realising at least $10 *extra* dollars for game development on every T shirt 'add-on' sold. If only 2 in every ten backers goes for this, it raises at least another $100,000 for the project *from existing backers* - not to mention whatever comes in from the fence sitters towards the closing hours. And since there is a year at least from order to delivery, and the precise number of orders will be known, it should be feasible for the company to negotiate a much better best-price bulk order realising even more for development. This way, every backer who wants a T shirt gets one - which has some 'exclusivity', as *only* backers are eligible to buy this design - but it throws open the offer to the entire Wasteland backer community If it is felt that there is still a need for a higher echelon of shirt exclusivity beyond 'Backer', then there is always the option of different designs in limited quantities at higher price points, and/or signed shirts. This opens the possibility of raising a few more dollars from many people at the lower tiers, who just can't afford the bump to higher levels, bnut might stretch to 25$ for a exclusive Tee (I know I would) - and a lot of people donating just a little more each is better than a few donating a bit more on top of their already committed larger investments. Doesn't this make sense? @scout I recommended thinking before talking. ) It's a good way be nice and wise. @scout When someone hanged by other person - he does not think that this is similar to the logo "Dead Island". Even less thought about it persone who is hanging. Even less thinking about it millions of people killed by the hands holy Inquisition. "Shit i'm hanging like logo" (thinks of deadman). Do not do it from that crap. ) @Rick didn't like it at first but it's growing on me(crazy feeling from it almost like original twisted metal). whats with the copied "dead island logo"/ hanging guy though? @Floyd awesome post! Floyd Ryan 26 minutes ago @VAT2: All right, inxile does NOT declare the pedge amount as value of shipped goods. Form the forums: by Ranger Fin » March 22nd, 2012, 12:57 pm This international shipping is new to us too. Last time we shipped physical goods internationally we were at Interplay and we had distribution offices in every major territory. Now our distribution department is Brian and I, sitting in Newport. Oh, the joys of being a small developer... Or plans are developing, so nothing is set in stone. Feel free to help us solve this. What we were thinking is that our invoice and customs forms have very little to do with the amount of money actually pledged. It is based on the value we put on the item shipped. For example, if you pledged $50 for the Box version, you get a list of stuff. Boxed version, digital version, digital soundtrack, digital art book, and the Novella. The only thing we are shipping you is the Boxed game. We would put a customs value of $25 on that. The other $25 is for the digital items you will download. No where on our forms will the other items or your $50 spent be used. We think this is fair, and legal, if someone has a better solution, let us know. by Ranger Fin » March 22nd, 2012, 1:07 pm To continue that thought, even if you pledged $1000, I am still only shipping you less than $100 in actual goods. We would put the actual goods estimated cost on the custom forms. No where on those forms does it ask us how much you paid... <url>#p13345 This should be sticky! Especially, as the new $55 reward led to some confusion. You don't want people to stick with the digital download due to misbelief. @Michal Špondr Better upgrade your pledge and then laptop (if required) :) This is the game for which I'll upgrade my 5-year-old laptop. :-) turn down the money begging it just sounds so greedy I see some heretics here... @Rick It's awesome! I wonder if it will be possible to do some sort of real time action point or turn based combat, like Fallout Tactics. Man its nice to be able to just keep moving without dealing with turns. For Chris Avellone from friends with a best regards <url>» March 22nd, 2012, 12:57 pm This international shipping is new to us too. Last time we shipped physical goods internationally we were at Interplay and we had distribution offices in every major territory. Now our distribution department is Brian and I, sitting in Newport. Oh, the joys of being a small developer... Or plans are developing, so nothing is set in stone. Feel free to help us solve this. What we were thinking is that our invoice and customs forms have very little to do with the amount of money actually pledged. It is based on the value we put on the item shipped. For example, if you pledged $50 for the Box version, you get a list of stuff. Boxed version, digital version, digital soundtrack, digital art book, and the Novella. The only thing we are shipping you is the Boxed game. We would put a customs value of $25 on that. The other $25 is for the digital items you will download. No where on our forms will the other items or your $50 spent be used. We think this is fair, and legal, if someone has a better solution, let us know. by Ranger Fin » March 22nd, 2012, 1:07 pm To continue that thought, even if you pledged $1000, I am still only shipping you less than $100 in actual goods. We would put the actual goods estimated cost on the custom forms. No where on those forms does it ask us how much you paid... <url>#p13345 This should be sticky! Especially, as the new $55 reward led to some confusion. You don't want people to stick with the digital download due to misbelief. @Brian, forget the t-shirt. I understand that one doesnt get the extra boxed copy "The $100 reward + a limited edition numbered collectible coin, a WASTELAND 2 POSTER and one large boxed copy. " it clearly states 100 dollar reward which gets the collecters edition and says plus one lage boxed copy. @Bill, this spreadsheet should help clarify: <url>"<url>" thanks Roman. @Lea, unfortunately you have to pick one or the other. The t-shirt or the coin, the poster and an extra regular copy of the game. @Mathias, that has changed. Now you only get the regular boxed copy of the game if you select the poster and coin option for your 150 tier prize. If you select the shirt you'll get the signed CE and two digital copies. @Floyd here's the discussion at W2 boards: <url>ö you have to choose @jason sorry I just reread your comment. no, I don't think you get that game that many times just the item rewards. With the $250 reward, you get the autographed CE, a regular boxed copy and 2 digital copies along with the novellas and other goodies. You just wont receive 2 collectors editions. Hope that makes sense. This was the answer i got at the beginning of funding. hmm so what if I want both the T-shirt and the coin ($250) pledge? @Floyd, they've already confirmed that VAT will still be a problem. That's why they added the International friendly $55 dollar digital-only option. Unfortunately if you want the signed CE (and who wouldn't) it'll cost you the price, shipping and whatever duty your country has. @lea I think they will ask you in an email what you want at the $150.00 level the t-shirt or the limited edition coin. Can somebody clarify about VAT? The pledge is not a contract, isn't it? I mean there is no guaranteed delivery, it is based on trust. So the shipments will formally count as gifts and not be subject to taxation? Before I increase my pledge to $100 or beyond, i want to make sure that there will be no additional 20% surprise. E.g. for the $250 this would mean to pay about $320 with shipment and tax in the end, so shipment and tax alone would be more than a new full priced videogame. An official response would be VERY HELPFUL for me and few others of the 50.000 backers that consider increasing their pledges in the final days/hours. @scout inXile clarified it though, at the 150 USD level (Which is what I was wondering about personally) you do get three copies if you go with the 150 pledge that doesn't give you a t-shirt. <url>#p25884 @scout and @jason ferron, you guys are correct, just check the spreadsheet @Roman just linked to. It was what many of us believe to be accurate regarding the tier levels. Still waiting for confirmation from inXile though. Thanks for deleting the table, it was a neat thing to do. :3 The backup copy is here: <url>"previous reward game" meaning if you purchase at the $100.00 level you are not getting the game nine times, you ARE in fact getting the game only twice, one boxed and one digital. From what I can read and understand I will also get access to a early playable beta, the novelas, digital sountracks, concept art, etc ITEMS of previous tiers all the way down to $50.00 p @50.00 p the thing changes and does not include previous reward. @ jason Ferron I believe you and I are correct. @Ivan, they've said that the poster will most likely be the art they have posted on the home page, the one with the half-dozen or so Desert Rangers. No word on cover art for the box yet. Any ideas what the poster will be of or what it would depict? Should we expect the Poster will be the same image as that on the cover of the game box? Jason Ferron. The premium box replaces the standard box but also comes with a digital copy of the game They have TWO rewards that you can select at the $150 level. Take your pick from one of them. @Lea, yeah it says in inXile's decription that the collector's edition contains the map and booklet along with its other stuff, it was just too much to write in the cell. You should assume that all large boxed copies and all collector's editions come with the map and booklet. And yes, T/F is true/false regarding whether it will be in your package. Again though, we're still waiting on confirmation from inXile whether or not this is 100% accurate. Yes, Google Docs does not allow standalone + and -, so I sticked with good old Boolean data type. :) @ Brian Sfinas - thanks for the update I am assuming that T/F stand for true and false... I will also assume that the collectors box will also comes with a cloth map and instruction manual (like the large retails boxed version). This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. @Lea, this spreadsheet created by @Roman has what many of us believe to be an accurate portrayal of what you get at each tier: <url>"The $100 reward + a limited edition numbered collectible coin, a WASTELAND 2 POSTER and one large boxed copy. (Please add $15 for international shipping)" Does this mean that one gets both the CE and a regular large boxed copy with the 150 USD pledge? It does say the $100 reward + one large boxed copy after all. @scout pics or it didn't happen lol, on second thoughts better not!! hope your boss doesn't see you! This probably shouldn't go here, but I couldn't stop myself from sharing it :P <url>"The collector's edition replaces the regular boxed copy, but you still get a digital copy of the game". It doesn't appear that you get 2 digital copies until you hit the 250 level, so I think the spreadsheet is correct, but it would still be great if someone from inXile can confirm that this is accurate. @Karimbini - It's cool, every bit helps! :) @Brian Sfinas - Slight misunderstanding there, my apologies :) I'd really love to go for the $250 tier as well, but I'm afraid I can't give any more... @Brian Sfinas: There is a error in the spread sheet which says no extra digital copy for $100 but here it says for $100: "[... ] but also comes with a digital copy of the game." Also it says "... which of course contains map and instruction book." and in the spread it says no for "cloth map and manual" @Matthew: I pledged 100$ and will receive non-signed COLLECTOR'S EDITION PREMIUM BOXED VERSION which I will open - Would I receive signed edition (250$) I would still open it because I need to see with my own eyes whats in there; I would only not open it when there were two COLLECTOR'S EDITION PREMIUM BOXED VERSIONs Oh I meant "steal" as in "amazing price", it's an American expression. I love all the guys signing this thing. I'd probably pay much more if they had said it was much more. @Conner_36, it should be there now if it wasn't before. yeah, even without the extra 500 slots for the $250, there was a lot of signed copies to sign, now its even more, I really wonder how long it will take the devs to process all those copies, its a lot, maybe too many for my liking @ Brian Sfinas - It's supposed to be for collectors. After the game is released, who knows how much people will pay to have one of those signed copies? I'd say $50 extra is a good deal, and fans are contributing to making the game better so you're not just paying for the signatures. @Justin Wells Right, madness! Those poor people's hands and wrists. @Brittany Dudas Right, madness! The spread sheet needs to reflect the lack of t-shirt when you choose the second 150 tier. Paying 50 dollar for Brian Fargo and Chris Avellone's signatures is a steal in my opinion. Also if no one has seen this, @Roman Grazhdan made this to explain the tiers: <url>#16/e=1f7176 List of active polls: <url>"leaving the collectors edition sealed up": Well, I won't - I want to see and touch what is inside - it contains map and instruction book; I will make space in my glass cabinet and present it adequately. @ Jayce Guess not everyone has the same 1337 reading skills as you, huh? Your grammar on the other hand leads a lot to be desired. Before acting all smug, you should know than many here are not native English speakers for one and the tiers are definitely confusing. Sure you can assume to know what the tiers contain but it's not always clear, and if one is going to spent hundreds of dollars on a game then wanting to remove every vestige of confusion about what each tier contains is certainly valid. I won't if there is still a chance of the large box edition, Im not too bothered with the T shirt myself, already getting one with the DFA award, so I have no real need for another, I don't want to open the sealed signed collectors edition, and people might to get the map, I would like a cloth map from a box, but yes its costing them money for the T shirt and stuff, to me, I would have kept stuff as it was and not bother with the T shirt, ever since the T shirt thing, its been nothing but confusion, and this is bad Here's how I parsed it: <url>"signed Collectors edition, a regular large boxed copy of the game and 2 digital copies", they removed the large collectors boxed and made it optional if you take the coin and poster. That happened, which makes sense, but they never said "If you want the tee shirt instead of the coin, you don't get your regular boxed edition anymore". Also if it's costing them money and as a result costing us more content of the game it's not really a "silly" discussion. People are confused, they should offer clarity, just because you figured it out doesn't mean everyone else has. I don't think anyone feels entitled to anything other than what we were told we would get, which seems pretty reasonable. The fact that there are people that want to know so that they can add more money to their pledge and you're saying that it's a reading comprehension fail makes you seem like you're really only concerned with yourself. Crowd sourcing is a community endeavor, not just a Jayce endeavor. Man, I'd really love a T-shirt too, but I don't know about pledging an extra $50 just to get it. :( Would love an update showcasing the medal of honor collectible. Even just a mock-up. Really I just want to know what size it'd be. I want to find someway to use it to make a belt like the rangers in the concept art. I realize it probably won't be that large but I can mount it on a larger buckle as long as it's not too small. Also if I ever see anyone with a higher level medal than lv1 I WILL salute. @ Matthew , you got a point there,and I agree for all the issues you refer to ! Theoretically you could also have 2 accounts. One at the $100 level and one at the $50 level. I almost did that instead of the $150 level because you end up with more stuff. They didn't remove anything from an already pledged tier, they just gave the option to choose. If you want a boxed copy with your signed collector's edition, get the poster and coin and boxed copy. Most of the other confusions seem pretty clear to me. I guess I hope they clarify the lists also just to end this silly discussion. Sorry if I seemed harsh this just reminds me of the reading comprehension fail around the word "social" a couple weeks ago. Also you are ignoring all the people wanting the shirt at a lower tier, added to their existing pledge, etc. and selectively mentioning the comments that support your interpretation of the "confusion". As soon as something is opened for fan input a lot of entitlement gets into the mix, which is to be expected but doesn't mean I dig it. ;) No hard feelings and I want it sorted out asap to avoid the drama. I still hope that the $250 tier still has the large box copy, as in the beginning it did, while having to choose between the poster / coin or the T shirt, Im fine with that, I still stick with the coin and poster, I think it would be too much to ask if you get everything. but I will be very unhappy if that tier loses out on the large box edition, as I did send a message to ask if we did, and the answer was yes, I think they changed too much stuff around. I would like to see a update that makes it crystal clear on what everyone gets on every tier, like I said, if we lose out on the large box edition on the $250 tier, I will drop my pledge to something lower, as I also want to get at the map and other things, the map would be really be useful, again no point breaking the wrapping if the devs sign the box itself, and I hope they do, not on the wrapping itself, otherwise hardly any point getting the signed edition in the first place. an update to this would also be good, on where they are going to sign. right now, Im confused, not angry or gready @Mariusz, great idea. Hope they do it. I asked inXile to just put a bulletpoint list of everything you get at each tier. That way you'd see exactly what is in without all the confusing 'previous reward' stuff which is contradicted on some tiers anyway. It would be the simplest way, simpler than even graphics. @Jayce, I don't think it's really that. I'm sure we all wish we got everything, but if you read most of the complaints people are having it's because they've been unclear about what you get for what. If I'm spending 250 dollars for the signed collectors edition, but I don't get a regular boxed copy, that means I never get to see the map because I'm obviously going to leave my box sealed. I also really want to be in the beta, but it's not really clear if every level above 75 gets access to it. Plus there's the fact that originally the 250 level it said you'd get the signed CE, the regular boxed version and 2 digital copies and now they changed it so you don't get the regular box anymore unless you select the poster and coin, which isn't cool if they are indeed removing things you get from tiers you've pledged to. I don't think anyone's mad, or even really frustrated, just confused. And I know I'd sure hate it if this confusion led to people reducing their pledges or not pledging because of the confusion. OMG... I had to choose between the T-Shirt and a poster C'MON... :( I'm already at the $150.00 level. But I could say that if the the clarity on the tiers has been pretty piss-poor this whole time. Personally, if the $250 had the advantages of BOTH the $150 (instead of just one of them) I would up my backing in a heartbeat. I suspect they kind of screwed up on the wording of the old $150 tier -- with the extra standard copy of the game; and are now 'stuck' with it. But, by making the T-shirt tier NOT have the extra physical copy it seems punitive. T-shirt for the poster and coin seems like a reasonable tradeoff to me; but not for the extra physical copy of the game as well. And I bet a lot of the people on the old $150 tier are expecting to get the CE and the other physical copy (as well as the digital copy and other lower tier rewards); so inXile REALLY needs to make sure the rewards are crystal clear ASAP to avoid a lot of anger from the backers if things don't proceed as expected. @wickedinsane They are overcomplicating things, seriously. At $250 you get the signed collector's edition plus that level's extra swag, 2 instead of 1 digital download, and everything lower /except/ that you have to choose /either/ the t-shirt OR poster/coin/non-CE box copy. I can see where some folks might be a little confused but the intent is pretty clear and I think there is mostly a lot of "I wish you got it all" going around. Which is fine, but it may not change anything else. Hope this is OK...Lots of old school gamers in here that might be sympathetic - if anyone is looking to back any more cool projects bringing back some old genres, there's two that need your help: Nekro (dungeon keeper influence): <url>´s great. I might kill my salary for it when we get closer to the deadline. It would be really hard, but I cant help feeling we are really making a difference in the gaming community here. @Nigel, haha good point. Yes, then I think your visual representation idea is a great one and I hope someone from inXile is reading all these posts. They normally do but it's also like 5 am in Cali. @Erich, it probably won't be worth a whole lot of money at any point in the future, after all they had to go to kickstarter because this franchise is only valuable to people like us, but on the other hand, if this thing blows up and sells a bunch of copies at 60 bucks when the game releases and they end up making RPGs for another ten years, who knows. The Skyrim soundtrack signed by the composer is going for over 100 on ebay right now and that's just the soundtrack. But I, like you, and probably everyone else getting the signed CE, am just going to keep it in a safe place where other fans who come over can admire it. @ziffin - Think of it not it terms of purchasing something...but instead of contributing $50 more and getting a free t-shirt :p Going from $100.00 to $150.00 pledge gets you a $50.00 T-shirt?? @ Erich, I will surely frame it in plexiglass and nail it to my living room wall! For all to see !! I hear you guys on that. If I get both, I likely won't open the Collector's, although I question its long term value as anything other than sentiment. Since it's signed, I'll likely frame it or something. For each tier, show us what we'll be getting exactly - none of that "+ previous reward" nonsense. @Brian - True but having a drawing of an empty box with the words "CE" in it is pretty self explanatory :p Plus to @Matthew's point, we don't even know if they'll sign them before they're vacuum sealed. If they're just signing the cellophane wrapping over the edition then opening it up really would make it worthless. "Check out this cellophane I have signed by Fargo and Avellone..." So, if we don't get the regular boxed version of the game as well we basically can never look at the map or anything because opening it would ruin it. I'm kind of with @Matthew on this one. I don't want to open my collector's box for any reason. I already have a place picked out for it on my shelf of nerd collectibles. But on the other hand I really want the map up on my wall when I play (I've been doing that for as long as games have come with physical maps). I don't want to drop my pledge, I just want them to clarify. I really like @Nigel's suggestion about pictures showing what you get at what tier, however I don't think any of this stuff is actually made yet. They really should clarify the levels and what you get at each one, though. Plus they said before that the 250 level got the signed CE plus a regular boxed edition so it would kind of be lame if they just took away something from the pledge level. I'm not mad or even frustrated really, I totally trust these guys to be fair, it would just be nice if it was clarified on the website so that others can see what they're getting. As I said before, if someone was confused and didn't pledge as much as normal or someone dropped their pledge because of this confusion it would really suck. well I don't want to open it, not if its signed, otherwise you may as well go for one of the lower rewards instead An opened collector's box wouldn't be worthless! It'd be full of joy and landsharks. yeah the wording in the tier levels on $250 and below does seem very confusing, now do we still get a large boxed copy of the game still? I don't want to open up the signed collectors box, (would be worthless then) does seem to be very confusing now, they should do another update to clear things up. as Im not sure myself what the $250 entitles people too. I still hope it includes the large box, otherwise I may drop my pledge, and I don't really want to do that Why can't I edit my damn post! And add arrows to explain the mutually exclusive tiers. I suggest that they create a visual diagram (pictures, etc) of what you'll get at each tier. Pretty sure this will go a long way to helping people decide what they want. Pretty please InXile ;) @ Brian , you get the extra box anyway. Both 150$ tiers include the 100$ pledge. It would be nice though to be able to get all if someone wants to ( both T-shirt and coin,poster ). @Erich - I agree buddy, haha. @Nigel, yeah that's the other thing. The coin and poster tier says you get the regular boxed edition too, but the tee shirt tier doesn't. As you pointed out in your other post, they should probably clarify it a bit. I've emailed them and they've been very prompt and cool about answering my questions but I'm worried that since it's not clearly stated on the website that other people might not be pledging as much as they normally would. The three most confusing things imo are the tiers at which you get the signed collectors edition + regular boxed edition + digital copies of the game, the 150 dollar tier definition related to the regular boxed edition and the nature of the "premium box replaces regular box" sentence. If it is indeed that the collectors edition replaces the regular edition only at levels 50 and 75 they should just say that. Or they should list all prizes you get at each level instead of using the "previous tier" nomenclature. @Brian: Oh, you're right. However, it looks like we can still get that extra box if we pick the coin/poster set, but not the t-shirt... This has all become very confusing. Bad thing is that unfortunately you have to choose between the t-shirt and the coll. coin-poster ! @Brian Sfinas I see.... so if you want the standard box.....you can't have the t-shirt? @ Ilias - I feel the same way. Brian and MCA's autograph on the collector's edition is just too amazing to pass up. :) @ Brian , you got it right :) And yes, I know what you mean. I also pledge for the $250 level. Best money that I ever spend ! @Brian Sfinas - Yes, that doesn't seem fair. InXile should at least make an announcement on this. I would suggest giving just one digital download copy and return the regular box, so 1 CE + 1 digital copy + 1 standard box. @Erich, it definitely used to say "signed collectors edition, one regular large boxed copies and 2 digital copies", Now it looks like the regular boxed copy has been moved to the lower tier. The most confusing part is at the 100 dollar level, where it says "the premium boxed copy replaces the regular boxed copy", but at the 250 dollar level it would seem as though you'd get a premium boxed copy, a regular boxed copy (as Ilias suggested) and 2 digital copies. It wouldn't really make sense to send just the signed collectors edition and deny those who spent 250 dollars things like the map, which I'm pretty sure everyone's going to want to have on the wall by their computer while they're playing. @Ilias - Hey thanks, I think I just figured it out, the wording kind of confused me. So, for the 250 level, you get 1 150 level pledge (tee or coin + regular version of game), which includes the 100 dollar pledge (name in credits), which includes the 75 dollar pledge (early access to the beta and part 2 of the novella), which includes the 50 dollar pledge (part 1 of the novella), correct? I'm asking because the things that seem really valuable (access to beta, name in credits, regular version of game to open and signed collectors edition) are kind of far apart in the tiers. I'd hate to pay 250 bucks and then not get early access to the beta, know what I mean? <url>#16/e=1f7176 List of active polls: <url>… Add your ideas and vote: <url>#16/e=1f7176 List of active polls: <url>… Modding in Wasteland 2: <url>"One $150 reward +" part includes where the $150 says "The $100 reward +" Never played the original, but loved Fallout 1 and 2 and Avellone's work, so kicked in $30. Aye, I did! We'll catch you up to speed via email! Did you get it? I have been a fan of Fargo's work dating back to his games that were released on the C64. I'm glad inXile has chosen to release on Linux. I missed the days when I could buy games that came with extras like a cloth map. Here. Are there pms on here or shall I just blurt it out? I was warned to make a copy of the original disk before I played it, but I was out of floppies, and I was pretty poor back in those days. So I played wasteland without making a copy. Needless to say, I only played through it once. Just make an interesting game and I will be happy. Just tweeted Devoid, now just need to figure out where we put Blackrose... @ Bryan bump that for Devoid and Blackrose as well!! @Casey, you still around, the Landshark conglomerate is requesting communications? Casey Rossi, do you want to help out your fellow landsharks? We have a plan and will be putting it into motion soon...shoot us your email and we'll include you on what's going on! I have the $250 tier, but I do not want to trade a coin, a large boxed copy, and poster for a T-shirt. That trade-off doesn't seem right. I would trade the poster for the T-shirt though. Jason Ferron Amazon and Kick starter take 5% each before the funds are transfered to the Project creator. than to manufacture all of the rewards, the fufulment which is the cost of packing sorting, postage and so on. shipping the cost to ship the packages have to be deducted from the projects total funding. the remaining amount is the profit left for the project. There might be costs such as taxes and other overhead not included in the calculation, but this is the majorityof the costs DFA has to pay before the start of their project. I should have stated DFA final net earnings is $2,232,465 after all expenses and not final tally... Ouch ... that puts things in perspective ... umm ... wonder if we can opt out of certain rewards ... hmmm? @Minh: Um... did you make a typo somewhere on there? I'm not following your math from the DFA final tally to where you start your math. DFA Final Tally: $2,232,465 $3,446,371 - (5% Amazon + 5% Kickstarter) = $3,099,660 $3,099,660 - ($246,375 Manufacturing + $35,840 Fufillment + $191,016 Shipping) = $2,626,429 $2,626,429 - ($393,964 Documentary) = $2,232,465 Yeah, I'd make my own tshirt lol. But then again a land shark tshirt sounds good about now. Too bad all these kickstarters ate my money lol. I love this whole experience. The next year and a half will be just that much more exciting following Wasteland 2's development. another 50 for a t-shirt? doublefine added theirs for free to their 100 dollar tier... Now with added t-shirt!!! Any chance of getting a t-shirt in addition to the earlier $150 reward? Preferably for under $200? Does anyone know the final number DFA had (after paying Kickstarter, Amazon, and for Backer rewards) to make thier game with? Bumped up to get a T-shirt. What the heck. Fan funding is a fascinating new phenomenon in the world of compute game development, and, as a game dev myself, I'd love to see it succeed and find out where it leads next. Just under $120,000 to go to reach $2.5 million... I'm sure this project will hit that goal at this point, and I wouldn't be that surprised if it topped $3 mil in the final days' push. This user's account has been deleted. Dammit, I warned him about going pantless around landsharks!!! It was the Tuna that got him! Maybe a landshark got 'em .... *attempts to summon Richard Blackrose* That does seems odd. I want the coin and poster along with the large box anyway, but it doesn't seem right for people who want the T Shirt to give up the large boxed copy. @richard blackrose- your presence is requested in email format. Please reply to me at <email>. ASAP!! Feel abit dumb asking this as its probably been said and im confused. If ive pledged for the $100 reward whats other tiers below that do i get or do i just get the 100 and the 75? The two $150 rewards are mutually exclusive. You pick ONE of them. Just look at the description for the $250 rewards description. You pick ONE of two rewards. So you either pick the T shirt OR the extra boxed copy+collectible coin+poster Seems a bit odd to trade away so many things for a T shirt. I would have preferred a choice between the poster and T shirt Alright, thank you. I wonder how large that box is? Heh, this is fun. Just backed for $115 :) I'm backing you up guys! :) Because I don't want to spend another $100 to get a t-shirt, will there ever be an alternate way for us backers to get the backer-only t-shirt. Also, I'm hoping we'll be able to see all four T-shirt designs soon. I'll most likely stick with the large box copy option, but it'd be nice to see all our choices. I don't know. Fallout: Tactics was awesome. You could put a time bomb on a dog and run it up next to the enemy before it went off. That's how I understood it. As long as we choose the $150 option with the poster I think. The $250 includes a large box copy, right?Just wanted to make sure. I think I saw this somewhere on here before. I upped my pledge from 15 to 150 just for that t-shirt. Can't wait to see this project take shape! Also, will Ron Perlmen do voice acting for you again? Please make that happen! Would it be impossible to make SubCom like zoom? I just love that. Excellent, thanks for the t-shirt addition, pledge upped! Thanks for adding more $250 rewards! Increased my pledge accordingly. people worried about this will be like fallout tactics , should not worry much . truth is with there creative writers and designers , the story elements is already in very good hands, it will be a multipath tree choices like fallout 2 , that I can already envision. the combat system is difficult for them to decide , if they can do the complexity of jagged alliance , just scale back a option called unrealistic mode , that has PC take less damage , do more damage etc , people who just love the story option can blaze trough it . side news from this update that looks very positive is that base construction ala xcom is being tought about too :) , gives another element for people who cannot stand combat to dig into . overall this project looking fabulous . Just upped my way from $115 to $165 (Curse you international shipping). That was an awesome update. Gave me a much better feel of what I'm getting, and I'm liking what I'm hearing. Since they added more $250 I upped my pledge from $150. Gah. Sorry been out all day ... great news ... Landsharks unite ... =)) Switched to the $150 award from the $100 award so I get the collectors box and the large box. Woo hoo! @Nick Mk, email sent to include you! Thank you SO MUCH for the digital-only package. I wanted that added material, but don't want the added bulk of the (sure to be awesome) box. I was about to e-mail asking for the digital version right before you announced it! Here's hoping we might get lucky enough to hit that $3 Million mark and get the world editor tools that were mentioned. This user's account has been deleted. @Landsharks- Night for real, fellow enthusiasts! I look forward to seeing the e-mail spam when I wake up :) @Nick-Charlie, Erich, and myself are now emailing each other on the landshark agenda. Give us your email or simply use one of ours from below to join in! Wish I could pledge a bit more, I was hoping to manage the standard boxed copy but I'm just not going to make it. Hopefully there'll be a way to acquire a boxed copy later on. @cj pledge 55 to get into the beta so you won't have to wait as long ;) This user's account has been deleted. @ Mike Yes. Whatever your pledge level + $15 for shipping to Canada. @Mike I think yes (Canada is large country), but probably it's better to send this question by "send message" option. I'm in Canada and considering upping to the $100 tier, would I have to add $15 shipping for a total of $115? Just raised my donation to $150. C'mon everyone, lets get this to 3 million! Ok now that there are more $250 spots open I expect to see them GONE by the end of this. Damn, I felt special being one of the 1000 in the $250 group ahhh well the more the better for the ovel all success of this kickstarter. Will we be getting T-shirts as well? Is it only me who is worried about if tis games gamplay will be like Fallout: tactics. It freaks me out. So happy to see funding on this project going well - let's keep going to send the right message about classic style RPG's! Just raised my pledge to $150 to get the T-shirt, couldn't resist. Made an account just to back this and I plan on backing Shadowrun Returns as well! Great to see some GOOD games coming out now. I'm off to bed, but I'll e-mail you both to begin with to start the round-robin! You'll know it's me because it's from <email> (sadly not nautical) I'll throw my email out there too so we can get on the same page: <email> (also nautical based, lol) cool, I upped my pledge to 250. thanks for adding more slots. I step away from the computer for a couple hours and crazy awesome news comes out of the woodwork!!! @erich-best..news..ever! Well I guess someone's got to get the ball rolling with outside kickstarter communication. My email is <email> (also nautical based!!) In double fine i got a T-Shirt for 100 and in Shadow Run Returns they give a T-Shirt at 60, I already put 100 down for Wasteland 2, going 50 more is a little hard for me and personally i hoped that we all got T-shirts for 100. Not saying this is bad...but it might be better for the people who are at below 100 to get a T-Shirt at 70-80 and up. 150...is quite a lot for just a T-Shirt.... the land sharks need a statue. ;) Pledged, and now for the long painful wait until the end of 2013 :( @Erich Lichnock I've missed a lot of comments and I'm really not aware of this landshark thing, but it looks like it's getting quite big! Could you pool the money to the landshark pledge doing a quick 4 days kickstarter?! I don't know how that would work... But if you find a really simple way I would give you a few bucks to help! This user's account has been deleted. Brislin : I think most of us are already pledgning as much as we can afford... and in some cases more. Luckily i have the fridge pretty well stocked so i'll survive until the next paycheck when the money leaves my account :) Who can I Paypal to join the Landshark cause? If 40,000 backers give another 30$, this will be a bigger hit than Tim Schaffers game! @Erich- That's awesome that they're actually open-minded about the land sharks! I say we should flesh out a side quest story that possibly takes place in a dune desert. A land shark hunter named Sharkey (hehe) has a crew of other misfits on an obsessive quest in catching the grand-daddy land shark of all, BRUCE (Jaws reference). The rangers can join Sharkey in this mythical and psychotic quest where they eventually have an epic boss battle with Bruce and his smaller land shark brethren. Idk, sounds crazy enough to me, lol. the original game is held by EA, and they now have a thing against steam, so I don't see the game ever coming to steam, if and I mean if, there is demand, EA might get it on GOG, but I don't really like EA, they might not bother completely What would be wonderful to see is, after Wasteland 2 is released, or even right before, at $2-5 version of the original put up on Steam so that those of us who never played the original can finally play it. It'd also be nice to help kick in just a little more legacy cash towards this project like that. @Landsharks: We have our reply from InXile! <url>"Includes previous reward", which is now the t-shirt and all lower levels. @Karimi, I bet if you emailed them and told them you'll donate an addition 100 bucks for a gift copy they'd do it. Or you could just create another account and get the 100 dollar option as well as your 250. $2.3 million raised against a target of $900,000...that's my faith in humanity restored! ADD A 350 dollar reward and I will up my donation to that !!!!! Maybe it can be previous gifts + 1 gift copy or some other cool prize ? Ive asked a couple, unfortunately they have had just as bad luck as me recently by being made redundant and some are just bums. And the worse part is the few that do work atm dont like rpg games! They only like rts and fps :(. RPG is the best though, im alone in my real world haha. so $65 pledged, if we all pledged that we would be over $3.1 million!. OMG, I was hoping the poster would be that image!!! One question though, will it have the Wasteland 2 logo on it or not? Personally I'd prefer it without the logo... @lee perring force your friends to pledge. LOL Its annoying, if this was done about a month or two ago i would already have done the $100+ but ive been reduced hours at work (business going down) so money is tight. Damn i want a HUGE game to come from this. if double fine can do it then so can inXile! 138k left until 2.5M goal 638k left until 3M goal lets do this! @lee perring I know how you feel! doubled my pledge... cant afford anymore but keep pledging guys we can hit 3mill!. Thanks for opening the $250 level back up. Just upped my pledge. @Eric Myhrén makes much more sense! be sure to clog the twitter tubes with #wasteland2kickstarter and link back so more people can join us. One of us, one of us, one of us... @therealwonko because I'd have to pledge $115 since I'm an international backer, hence why I pledged $90 ($75 + $15). @TechnoSphere Double Fine had about 2/3 of what was pledged after subtracting rewards/amazon/kickstarter/kicking it back. I'd assume inXile will end up with something similar. @Eric Myhren why not just go the full Monty and pledge 100 dollar to get the next lv rewards? I'm looking forward to this so much, and after trying out the first Fallout, I just had to increase my pledge from $30 to $90. I wonder how much will be left after kickstarter - amazon - rewards. @Endrin welcome ! Just pledged. Looking forward to this game! =D Another 6-digit milestone achieved! in other news, Brian Fargo do you really think you can make me nearly triple my pledge just for a t-shirt? *looks longingly at the t-shirt* I kinda hate you now. LOL yeah forgot paypal, this is going to be interesting if we can reach 3 mill or not, 2.5 mill is certainly seems very likely now, 3 mill not so sure on, but anything is possible we just doubled our #wasteland2kickstarter tweets to 4! LOL Wow, big surge coming in off this update. Oh no - I couldn't resist upping my pledge to £250. The thought of being deprived of an autographed copy was more than I could stand! 2.3M + 60k from Paypal!!! Floyd, probably Newport Beach where Faran Brygo's cousin, Brian Fagro, has a casino. 2.3M yeah !!! well so far we have 1 #wasteland2kickstarter tweet... other than my own... California is a pretty big place. I wonder where they will drop us... I think it'll fall down to what you collect more of. I wear only polo shirts, so a T-shirt won't do me much good. On the other hand, I collect posters and frame them carefully, so the poster makes total sense for me to choose. Hopefully there won't be too many people who collect both, eh? Haha. that seems logical, like I said, I think I will stick with the coain and poster, but also yes would be nice to see what the poster looks like Dammit. A choice between $150 rewards drives me nuts now...... awwww.... Transcription: "At reward levels higher than $150, when it comes to the previous rewards, you will be able to pick one of the $150 rewards. So you will get your choice of the T-shirt package or the poster package for the $150 reward." Either-or, but not both. Any word on what the poster will be like? @Erich, they said it was just for the 150 dollar tier though, right? It doesn't apply to the other unique items, so at a higher level you'll still get both pieces of the graphic novel and the soundtrack, right? This user's account has been deleted. Well, I'll be tripling my pledge now to get the T-shirt and... $2.5 million seems awfully close now :-) If one player productions was going to do a documentary with them like Double Fine I'd up my bid to $100 in that case, I will probably go for the coin and poster over the T shirt InXile clarified on the updates that the $150 level prizes are an either-or deal. So all of us above $150 also will be made to choose between the T-Shirt and the Coin/Poster packages. As nice as T-shirts are, I'm totally going for the coin, but I do want to know what the poster will look like... This user's account has been deleted. @Matthew Farmery - yeah they did. I highly recommend as many people jump on that as soon as possible. Fargo + Avellone signed collectors edition is sooooo cool. I really want mod tools. Come on 3 million $! MORE $250 SLOTS EVERYONE! @Bastian: Cheers! I'll keep that tab open and show it to the other Landsharks later. We're also waiting for a reply from InXile to see what they have to say on the matters relating to landshark representation... :) I'm a sucker for a good update video. I just pledged. looks like they have increased the number of slots for the $250 level to 1500 I have been hoping for a T-shirt as an award level perk. I have my prized Black Isle and Baldur's Gate T-shirts from the Baldur's Gate release party and this one will be worn with as much pride. Brian, I can say that I have bought most of the games you have on your wall, and I have never been disappointed. I was even an investor in Interplay, so knock this one out of the park! @Landsharks: Read you try to collect money for some ingame sharks ;-). Why didn´t use use some of the online fundraising websites to collect the money? For example that here <url>#wasteland2kickstarter twitter go! I'm in at the $1000 level. A good friend of mine who loved Wasteland and Fallout/F2 passed away recently, and I am hopeful this will permit me to pay tribute to him in some small way through a customized NPC. God, I love the Internet. Damn, wish I could get the T-shirt with my $250 dollar pledge... I pledged 150 already. Do I have to pick between the shirt and the poster/coin? God, I hope not. Quirky NPCs! I am most pleased :) I AM LITERALLY SO HAPPY YOU ARE DOING THIS. I WAS SO ANTICIPATING FALLOUT 3 AND WAS a DISAPPOINTMENT !!!! SO SO SO SO HAPPY YOU ARE MAKING THIS AND MAKING IT TOP DOWN. top down games and games like this had MAGIC.....real game magic. Thank you tripled the pledge man. Hot damn! Obsidian is involved? This deal is getting better all the time. FO: NV was in so many ways a true sequel to FO2, it'll be great to see what Chris and his team bring to this. New Update YAY! @Rick: Nice, as usual ;) Today me write one good man who loved two things - Wasteland 2 and Rammstein. He like my last comix - <url>#wasteland2kickstarter still want to see this trend @landshark Ok im in. "Send me a message on **** @devoidstudios when you want to "Shatup and take mah manee" .. waiting update 11 ... :D Well I messaged them yesterday about the AMA on Reddit. They were kind enough to respond. Someone more eloquent than I should definitely send that message along! Tell them 88 people have voted on the subject so far! @Max Cavaro, an landshark announcement should help. @Rick Like the artwork This user's account has been deleted. We need some spicy news/updates to give pledges a boost! @Landsharks: Maybe what we should do is nominate one of us to send InXile a message via the Kickstarter here. Ask about what landshark representation we could get at the different levels--$1000, $2000, $2500--and then begin a pool akin to NMA's bar one. Not much time left to go, but I think we could put something together. @erich-haha thanks for reminding me. I forgot the timeline. Legendary tales always take on a life of their own and sometimes the details get a little blurry. It all began with a dream of Tim Cain without pants.... @devoid-the landshark movement all started a couple days ago when Bryan Sharkey linked s video of a land shark gun in I believe a game called Armed and Dangerous. It was a thing of beauty. As the conversation progressed a few of us started talking about how awesome it would be to have a random encounter in WL2 with such a beast. We decided to form a loose knit league of landshark supporters to attempt to get it into the game. I created a free survey for people to vote on it. We then started to change our avatars to show our support. As for the pantsless part, that was just goofy talk that just took on a life of its own and became a requirement for the landshark. All told this is a truly epic tale! @Tobias Becker I'm not offense. If I take offense at every one who do not like me or my art-style... (laugh). It's boring. In life there are plenty of things to be done. Offense - a waste of time. @dirty johnny-good strategy thank you! @nick-we will have to see what everyone else thinks about this. Too bad there isn't a messaging feature that I have found so we could tell everyone to be on at a specified time. I could be wrong though. Everyone who compares my work with the works of Andree Wallin. Believe me - we a two different artist, with a different skills, vision, art-style & etc. I know how to do my job. And I'm doing. I am not undermining the professionalism Andree. He is talented professional artist. But i have my emotion, feelings. My skills, my experience. And i just doing my pictures how i want. Me absolutely don't care - what think about me people who don't like what i do it. And it was good. If all the artists painted in the same style - it would be boring. It is unlikely that you would have like ten hundred women looks as photorealistic clones, or a hundred clone culinary dishes. Oh a video with MCA would be lovely. He's so dreamy. This user's account has been deleted. You could just l donate to one person via paypal. Who ever is going to organize can set up a landshark themed email address, and post it here. Then you'd just start a rolling group email where you track individual donations. Looks like you'll need at least a 1000, altbhough the 2000 and 2500 tiers would let you write some backstory... Whats this landshark thing? Can in be in it? @nick- I'll gladly pay $10 if you cover the rest of my share! So with Chris Avellone meeting the inXile team yesterday and Brian posting a Tweet about an upcoming video. Here's hoping its a duet! Bring on the captains of industry! This user's account has been deleted. @nick-you mean $100 a piece right? I thought we were doing the $1000 pledge. I'll gladly give up my portion of the loot. Getting the landshark movement immortalized is good enough for me. Rick art is good, no denying, but letting apart the enthusiasm that one of the pledgers has talent (@Rick), Andree is on another level you can not compare them Rick's art kinda reminds me of Borderlands artstyle, and some of them even Team Fortress 2. While I think he is very talented, to me Andree's concept art is excepcional and I can only hope that inXile can recreate that detail, look and feel as close as possible! This user's account has been deleted. Hell guys... Rick´s Artworks are nice... for me a little to comic-like, but nice work at all... but dont compare his work with Andree Wallins Wallpaper... that sucks. Andree is a real pro and you can see so much detail in his work - also the atmosphere he composes feels very good. I love his work and you should watch out his work in the upcomming movie "Oblivion" next year. So InExile - you´ve done everything right with Andree! @ Rick No offense - I think you know what I mean. We have Erich,nick,JJ,Richard,Casey, myself and of course Bryan Sharkey. Am I missing anyone? @erich- I like it but how would we pool our money together for it? By the way for any landshark supporters the poll is still running! <url>#16/e=1f7176 List of active polls: <url>~ @JJ You could construct a fallout shelter deep underground, make it airtight, and put that baby in there. That way it'll last well into any actual post-apocalyptic wasteland and teach others how to survive! Well if we can't get Tim we need someone else equally important. I vote Abe Vigoda. I think I am going to bronze my signed box ... umm wait ... that would cover the signatures ... hmmm? I messaged InXile if they thought there'd be any chance of Tim Cain being approached to help work on the project. They said they were pretty sure only Chris Avellone would be joining in from Obsidian as they're pretty busy themselves. @TrueStoryGuy, I don't think Tim Cain and Brian Fargo get along, IIRC. Tim Cain getting announced to join development would indeed help raise the amount of money pledged. >that feel when dev kits aren't happening ; _; We're past 48,000 backers! We're averaging about 1,000 a day / 42 per hour / or a new backer about every 100 seconds. $15 = $429,360 $30 = $124,350 $50 = $323,350 $55 = $61,765 $75 = $70,500 $100 = $445,200 $150 = $98,550 $250 = $250,000 $500 = $65,000 $1000 = $124,000 $2000 = $2,000 $2,500 = $20,000 $5,000 = $40,000 $10,000 = $110,000 Since I'm getting a Banner Saga poster signed also, I wouldn't mind that. As it stands, I'm going to frame my box to protect it from the humidity here, haha. lol, somebody should request that they get their $1k NPC tattooed with the devs' names all over their body XD I'm thinking it would much more awesomelier if they sign everything in the package Hm, I was just thinking. Would anyone else prefer having the team sign your poster than the game box? For me, I could definitely frame the poster and keep those signatures preserved better that way, while the box will most likely get some wear over time. It'd be nice if we could get an option for that. =) My life is almost complete. now where is that Darklands 2 kickstarter!!!! I remember wandering the wastelands in Fallout 1 and after sometime I ran into the TARDIS it had the sounds and vanished and left a motion detecter as an easter egg. I hope that kind of stuff is in Wasteland2. Oh the horror... Anathema, thy name is pants! I'm gonna have nightmares tonight. ... and I certainly don't want it going to negative 3Mil ... that would be bad ... the only thing worse would be pants spontaneously appearing on all the Landsharks ... Wasteland 2 tweet from Chris: "1st visit to inXile today and 1st design talks. Felt great talking to the crew and getting the "welcome aboard" handshake from @BrianFargo." :D .... well ok .... one could always use another friend but I will take one for the team in the interest of the greater good of all pantless land sharks ... with lasers. See, now Mathew's a man who understand the dangers of the improbability drive. And JJ, I'm sure it will, but let's not try to find out, okay. ;) Yeah baby! Love that 80 percent. correction. 60% want a laser in their landshark but a total of 82% want the landshark altogether. 67 surveys so far! 60% are all for the pantless landshark and 80% want both the shark and the elite division! The surveymaster has spoken! or the funding to instantly drop to negative 3 million. I wonder if it will be my friend? Well I think it looks spiffy. And, er, lets not be so hasty with firing up the ole infinite improbability drive. I don't really relish the possibility of turning into a flower pot. :p Thanks Richard. Don't quite have the editting tools of most by I deputized little ole' jabber with the Ranger Star ... ;) @Sean: Nice I rocked the C64 as well. Spent countless night getting swarmed in AD&D Pool of Radiance nuking my own group with fireballs. It was all hard core back then ... friendly fire wasn't ... ;) I agree. Right now we need to average over 100K a day to make 3Mil. Still might be possible better get Zaphod Beeblebrox to fire up the infinite impropability drive ... Good Evening ... Very nice, JJ. There's a lot of pantsless land shark love on this board. I can smell the chum in the air. On a serious note I think we need to hit 2.5 before the AMA to have any shot at 3 mil. Good morning pantless land sharks! I see we aree now above 2.3m! I'm in! Never played Wasteland but did play The Bard's Tale and was an Infocom fan. Had a C64 in that bygone era. Bought a copy of 'The Ultimate RPG Archives' on EBay to check the game out. Feeling nostalgic. I voted as well ... when will Charles share the results? @JJ <url>"extras" or count to the total with the ones here ! @ Steven , actually they are going to sign 1765 copies, plus the ones from the Paypal option . @Steven I agree with you, and you're far from the first to say that. Tell you what, why don't you put that question to Brian Friday morning on their Reddit Ask Me Anything. I would like to up my pledge to 250, add more slots. If you can sign 1000 copies, you can also sign 1500 copies. Give 'em hell out there, Charles. See you on the flip side. ok folks. I must leave you all for while. PLSRD'ers make to sure the word continues to spread!<url>"Ah yeah, tap tap tappa, eh? WOW!" I feel like I will be screamed at for spamming. Trying to keep it somewhat spaced out. Yeah Charles, it might help, just a wee bit, if you kept that link in all your posts... Just saying :p <url>Ça va? @Mitchell Unless I'm wrong, (and that's always possible) the 55 is a VAT free version of the 75, so the answer is no, 50 don't get you access. Yo, just a pants wearing dude, As the famous John Paul Pantless Land Shark Jones once said, "We have not yet begun to bite! :p Does the $50 dollar pledge not get access to the Steam beta? Is it only the $55 all digital pack? At what point do we let the land-shark pantless circle-jerkers take over this project? its early days guys, 18 god damn months... save your memes Ah reading the previous posts it makes more sense now..lol @Richard, i didn't understand that Tweet, perhaps you could enlighten me :) Brian clarifying: "Yes that is an AMA on Reddit. Should be interesting." @Charles "They will come up with the ideas first, then at some point in the future I'll come up with the very same idea! It's perfect!" I, myself, will come up with a completely different idea, because I prefer to walk the path less traveled. :p Antti, you can still pledge $500, it comes with two digital copies. is there a way to buy more than one digital copys without making another account? I would love to give this game as a gift for a couple of my friends when it is finished. @Bryan Ask me anything Ask Me Anything. Reddit.com, celebs and heroes occasionally go on and let the reddit crowd ask them anything they'd like. Each time they usually get thousands of views and thousands more questions. They should totally hire me on as an idea guy. They will come up with the ideas first, then at some point in the future I'll come up with the very same idea! It's perfect! I fail, what does AMA stand for? =P That's why they get paid the big bucks. "A" for effort, though, Charles. Boo yeah!!!! Damn I thought I might have come up with a good idea for them, they were already getting the ball rolling on it I guess! Brian's latest tweet: "@Chrisavellone and myself will be doing an AMA this Friday morning for those interested." come on 3 mil Shameless auto promotion? Nevertheless, it piqued my curiosity. Does anybody know the Zero-Projekt? Its based on FIFE a open source gaming engine. Here is the Homepage from the project: <url>#p/u Here is the latest one: <url>"follow this"-button. You can make it send you an alarm when there are two days to go on a project. It's handy if you happen to find the project but aren't instantly sure you can commit dollars to it, want to think for few days or just don't have a credit card handy. So, you ask Kickstarter to send you an email in case you forget to do it later. Currently I'm doing this on Banner Saga, I'm 50/50 should I put money on it, so I'm thinking on it and Kickstarter makes sure I don't go over the time limit by accident :) Of course, not everybody will end up funding, but many do. And when everybody who's on edge makes the decision in a matter of hours, the jump is really big (on average, of course). 39 more surveys and my pledge shall be upped! @Richard-Ah sorry for the menagerie of aquatic wildlife. I wanted to cater to all. Plus having some factions might be good! You're right though, we must be officially recognized first! @David Love the slogan, but where's your solidarity shark avatar? Wow, I leave for a few hours and the board gets flooded with all kinds of aquatic life. Focus fellow PLSRD'ers, no talk of other fish until we get officially recognized. First rule of a campaign, don't dilute the message. This user's account has been deleted. @David-That..was..beautiful!! ;) There are two kinds of people: sheep and sharks. Sharks are winners, and they don't look back because they have no necks. Necks are for sheep. You know, what they should do for the $250 tier is lower the $500 tier to 200 (can't see that going all the way to 500), then add 300 onto the $250 tier for a total of 1300 pledges max. If those 300 sell, that's $75k! Yeah I've already ordered a Landshark bedset, it was special order so I can't change it now! Landsharks forever! @Erich Nah, it's still Land Shark, the Sand Sharks are just duking it out with the Desert Dolphins and Wasteland Whales in an epic turf war. Oh, and I'm off to bed. Hopefully a video to wake up to. Keep me updated later on landshark (I guess sandshark now?) news guys! Well here is what I'll do. I currently have 48 surveys. If I can get 100 surveys today, then you have my guarantee that I will up to $265. I know its not a huge up, but it's all I can afford, and really every little bit helps! I'm counting on you all to make it happen. 100 surveys and I will up! <url>"I will provide a sample of the music but ONLY if Mark approves. He won't allow me to release anything until he makes several passes at it" I'm pretty sure it's too early to have any mention of pantsless landsharks. My survey has stalled at 48 surveys completed. I'm sure they will need a bigger database than that to make any decisions! This user's account has been deleted. Brian's Last Twitter Feed: " I'll be shooting a video today giving more information on Wasteland 2. Also heard the first pass of music from Mark Morgan..great stuff." I would love to have some kind of turf war in the game. @Jason Darby Same here, man :) I even don't know what I'm trying to see :)) sea anemone enemies! Must admit though my productivity has really had a nose dive since joining kickstarter... must stop looking at these pages every 2 minutes. Must get some work done.... ah who am i kidding another F5. If someone else wants to moderate a survey about what factions should be included, by all means go for it! The more factions the better! Don't forget the Blowfish Bastards! I like the sound of a turf war...Was hoping for Tuna Kings or maybe Goldfish Psychos'.... cause they sound mean! LOL, I totally support those 3 factions and demand they be in the game! @Jason-I had a bad feeling that something like this would happen! Maybe we should spice things up. Have opposing factions. The Land Sharks vs. the Desert Dolphins or the Wasteland Whales! Then we could have turf wars! This user's account has been deleted. Oh man, I will totally request that my NPC is a member of the Land Shark Brigade, so hopefully I do make the cut for the NPC selection! XD I think the guy who withdrew his funding was a whale lover and wasn't happy about all the shark love... @Nick-The momentum of the Land Shark Project makes me so want to up my pledge. Time to trade in that 401k! Maybe I could up my pledge from $250 to $265. Seriously thats all I can swing! AW, I spoke too soon, we lost a $1k pledge just now Q_Q This user's account has been deleted. Alright, looks like we have our first $2k pledger as well! AND the $1k pledges are now at a healthy 125, nice! @Charles Done and DONE! I suppose this is where I should also recommend Land Shark beer as the premier drink of the Elite Pantless Land Shark Division. Nothing satisfies more when hunting Land Sharks, than Land Shark beer! Btw, the beer is fantastic if you haven't tried it before: <url>"26% don't :-(" @all-Just giving a small taste of the survey so far: 74% want a Land Shark 26% don't-:-( 56% want both an elite division as well as the land shark, the other 44% is torn between one or the other! <url>" floppy drive anymore. This user's account has been deleted. not so smart now, huh? This user's account has been deleted. @Michael- Why? Women like sharks too! Discovery Channel taught me this and more during Shark Week. @Alastor- it depends on how much they want to pull from the old game, but watching an LP couldn't hurt. (It'd be fun, even!) This user's account has been deleted. "And now my pantless land shark brothers (too much testosterone in here, we need some pantless sisters)" If you want to attract more females, I'm afraid you will also have to add Desertdolphins. Should I need to play or watch a playthrough of Wasteland 1 before the second game ? This user's account has been deleted. And now my pantless land shark brothers (too much testosterone in here, we need some pantless sisters) RL calls. See you in a few, keep fighting the good fight! No pants plus land sharks equals big bucks. Also, now that the landshark discussion is back, the pledges have been going up too! Dude, why is that amazing? We, the elite founding members of the Land Shark Division of the Desert Rangers, ARE amazing. :p It's amazing that we all have such different landshark icons. ok survey has been fixed. <url>"breathe of wastelands". Someone thinks what I'm "flows" after last art of Andrée Wallin. And crying, curled in the darkest part of my apartment. This is not the case. Today I'll be back. And not one. Russian do not surrender. Never. This user's account has been deleted. Okay, so as a NY'er I know there's only one way to expand this movement... Coercion! :p So, the rule here is if you want to sit with the cool kids you gotta have a shark as your avatar. Otherwise we ignore you. ;) :P As long as we give them a chuckle, job well done! I know I'm a grinning idiot everytime I come here! I can just see the inXile crew when they wake up in a couple of hours checking this board and going, "those lunatics are at again!" :p Where is Bryan Sharkey when we need him!!! Whoa, a legendary roseshark. Beware its thorns. My shark can seduce women, cause what woman doesn't like getting roses. That Rose sure is deadly! Hahaha, I love it! We shall become The Brotherhood of the Travelling Pantsless Land Sharks. BTPLS for short. They should totally make a movie out of this! My shark can go into people's bathrooms. @Erich-You know it! Google Images for the win! @Richard-You should be supporting the movement too! Plus this Land Shark has a frickin laser on it's frickin head. We totally omitted that possibility for WL2! If only! I want to be at $2000 writing for what will essentially be MY Easter Egg. Baw! ... and is that the pantsless landshark I see? I actually meant this: <url>~ 22 000 saying the number were from DFA forum (but I didn't ever hesitate to check). Also, this download option looks nice, I think I could switch to it and leave these miserable fifteen shipping bucks for developers to spend on making the game. It's XXI century after all, who needs disks these days. That was a sad drop... :( @Ziv yeah I've seen a few projects drop at times, looks like its the norm on Kickstarter. just dropped by 3K :-( @Dzermin Cosovic From the looks of things have been going, it seems like the game will be isometric and 3D Maybe a silly question but I read that the game would be top-down... did you mean isometric then? I can't see a real top-down 2D view as being better than an isometric approach.. @Karambini I've worked near in game industry, manage online casino development and sometimes we make some offline games for embedded systems and mobiles. Dream to work in normal gamedev, but doesn't have enough capital to do that. @deVoid Studios Don't be late for next scene my little girl :p Everyone wants to be paid. @deVoid Studios I hope he pledged $1000 so we can recruit him for Ranger Center! Since I live in Japan I went for the international friendly option. I wonder if there are going to be achievements on the Steam version...? Everyone loves to live as they like and do things they like. SXX discography @Karambini SXX is a porn star. @SXX what is your work? @SXX Seriously. I've needed so much friend counselling to keep from throwing $2,500 at every project. The dichotomy between being able to pay and needing that money for other important things... Like grad school, haha. @alcaray I love only my family and my awesome work, money it's just way to live as I like and doing things which I like. Everybody loves money. @Ziv Shamir Only 700k to go for 3.0 and properly mods support! I want up my pledge so much, but can't... We need some anti-kickstarter psychology like its did for gambling ^_^ neat,only 200k to go for 2.5 :D $2.3 million with Paypal and climbing I'm gonna go out on a limb and say "Fuck EA!". Bioware loves users and games, OTOH. EA hates users and games: EA loves money. So they would learn nothing. Exactly what the fans want might be difficult; the forum shows a bit of divide on that issue. A developer giving us a good game from a genre big developers don't want to support any longer, though... That would be more accurate to say. The lesson I think to be learned here is that people want variety, not a whole lot of "WoW-killers" and games designed to attract the "CoD crowd." Also that pants are optional. I'm happy to have a dev giving us exactly what the fans want, Bioware/EA could learn from this. Some Linux users here could be interested in this project which is also seems like something interesting for me: <url>#16/e=1f7176 List of active polls: <url>× $40 = $800,000 I pretty sure 3M its not a problem right now because we'll have lot and lot of backers in last few days. I see the fun's over for this evening so bonsoir fellow Mouseketeers. I shall dream of lovely pantless women dancing with Land Sharks. I'd go for a goodnight group hug, but there's that no pants thing and it could get awkward. Oh, and for the record, inXile said I was funny and Charles was the funny looking one. :p @TrueStoryGuy Fargo need to announce Tim Cain as part of team to get $3,000,000+. I'm more optimistic here and I sure that is project will get this 3M. I don't see it hitting 3M, but I think it'll get to 2.75M. @Jesse Beall, I believe there should be a Mod kit no matter what, We have went way farther that Brian and folks thought we would. It has already been proven that the game will be a success. I can't afford to go from the $250 level to the $500. I'm at my max pledge UNLESS I win the lottery that is. @Charles, my only problem with your no pants idea is that you seem to think this is a change from the norm. Pantlessness should be the default. We'll almost definitely hit 2.5mil right? Sidenote just replayed Fallout 1 (I can't replay Wasteland I don't have a computer with a floppy drive an ymore), thanks to gog, it was a lot shorter than I remembered, I got the water chip in 32 days game time, and in 3 days real time I'm about to finish up. Mind you it's probably because I remembered everything I needed to do, still fun though. Closing in on 47,000 backers. @Alex: Yeah, there are still a lot of people out there who refuse to buy a game until they see an LP of it or at least a demo. They won't buy on faith. I think word of mouth will definitely help the game make sales post-release. Just look at Dragon Age: Origins, that game started off as a moderate hit, but as word of mouth was passed around on how great the game was, it became a much bigger hit than Bioware predicted. @Alex I'm not convinced of that, I've seen alot of people on message boards who aren't willing to kickstart, and will only pay once a finished product is produced. I think there's some potential for sales, how many I don't know. The only thought I have is it might not make a lot of sales after development, because everyone who is even remotely interested in playing this game has already bought a copy by backing it. Given what I've seen from NMA, and other Fallout related sites, I think the mod kit will be what turns this from a great game into a cult game- Presuming, of course, that it's as good as the All-Star cast of developers indicate it could be. Fan made-mods can add a lot to a game.... which means that the collectible gifts can become my retirement plan! Shadowrun Returns is a game in which the mod kit is part of the core concept. Wasteland's original scope is that of a single player game which tells a story and allows the player to live that story. Different scopes. That said, I'm hoping we reach $3M and that the last day phenomenon/press coverage will be similar to DFA's $1M in a day achievement. Having waited twenty years for this game, I want it to be given every chance to be great. With another week to go, I think we can get VERY close to $3million. If not I'm sure the guys would still consider getting a mod kit put together well after the game's release, the demand is definitely there and hopefully the sales will be awesome! What are the chances that this will hit 3M? I really, really want that mod kit. Shadowrun Returns is already getting one, and that hasn't even hit 1M. I didn't know Macho Man Randy Savage was in the Desert Rangers. Ya know what would be sweet to have for a box, a Tin boxed version. This way you can open it, enjoy the goodies and the close it back up unlike a paperboard box. After we reached the 2.1 goal I'm just smiling every time I watch it go up and thinking "ooh, there goes a little more awesome content and polish" :D Ok folks. I go to brave the land shark infested real world for the night. May all you pants be off, and you pledges be swollen!! Sigh I have to work on my signoff We're closing in on 2.3m if you include PayPal... Yeah!!! Who the heck is tending to the flock of land sharks? lol, I must admit the murder of land sharks does sound better, MAKE IT SO! Also, Sand Sharks are real! <url>"Man, the guys on the Wasteland 2 Kickstarter board are NUTS!" "There's a Wasteland 2 Kickstarter?! SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY!!!" WIN I can't stop laughing. The best part is the dawning realization of how many people are just checking in for today and wondering what hell is wrong with us. Now that's comedy! lol, my god looking back at what's been said these past few hours, I think we've stepped into the Twilight Zone. Tonight's episode..."Pantless Sharks" @_@ Hmmm... Haven't checked the comments in a day. Now it's all about pants-less landsharks. I guess I'll have to up my pledge. Erich you missed it! InXile said I was funny and Richard was funny looking! It was great! And now my pantless friends I must leave for a while and watch the second episode of the Game of Thrones with my wife because having read the books she needs me to explain what the hell is going on. :p I really thank the Linux support, that's the main reason I decided to pledge. Keep the good work! Well we don't want to scare the bejesus out of anyone before they enter the forum. They'll find out soon enough about the oddities that lie within. In the mean time make it a cool inviting name to lure them in. Then we corner them and get all their lunch money! I went to sleep and woke up and somehow the conversation is still about people without pants... You guys are the best, haha! I'm gettin' misty eyed over here fella's .... Er, Charles, shouldn't we call it Pantless Alley? @mindx2 Welcome to the pantless side. Mu ha ha ha ha! I just stood up and saluted my dog! He looks a little like Churchill!! Well spoken my friend!!! @Bryan Don't be afraid of the land sharks, Bryan we shall fight on the seas and oceans, we shall fight with growing confidence and growing strength in the air, we shall defend our Island, whatever the cost may be, we shall fight on the beaches, we shall fight on the landing grounds, we shall fight in the fields and in the streets, we shall fight in the hills; WE WILL FIGHT THEM WITHOUT PANTS; we shall never surrender, and even if, which I do not for a moment believe, this forum or a large part of it were subjugated and starving, then our Empire beyond the seas, armed and guarded by the Wasteland true believers, would carry on the struggle, until, in God’s good time, the New Wasteland 2, with all its power and might, steps forth to the rescue and the liberation of the old.” @Richard - Setting up over there might not be such a bad idea considering all the Biodrones, Bethesda fanboys who seem to want Fallout 4 the FPS romance simulator :) !!!! We could call it Land Shark Alley! @mindx Jealous much, cause inXile didn't say you were funny. ;) Actually, not a room, we were thinking of getting a forum together on the inXile board. :p WHOA, I am not going in a room with pantless guys, DIDN'T I TELL YOU ABOUT THE LAND SHARKS?!!! @Charles, Richard & Bryan - Why don't you guys go get a room or something!! ;) That's the main problem with gaming forums that I've found over the years... They insist on talking about the game. Boooooring. :p Though unlike us, I'm pretty sure they all had their pants on. @daniel- I'm right there with ya. Talking about the game is awesome, but sometimes just acting like a moron (I'm speaking about myself only) can be damn fun too. Maybe we can set up An Idiots Room on the inXile forums. If no one else goes in hell I'll be there! With no pants on :P It sure has been/is fun watching the Backers and the Pledges go up all these past days. WHAT am I gonna do after it's over besides waiting for my $250 items to arrive. Oh noooooooo. It's a scientific fact that Land Sharks are drawn to pantless-ness, so if you do go pantless, ALWAYS use protection! <url>"I'm torn." I'm confused, I thought you were an elitist. Make up your mind, guy. :p You're right, Charles! No pants ' we reach 3 million plus!... Er, unless anybody here is going commando, then righteous cause, or not, you might want to think about putting your pants on. :p And leave the pants off!!!! Now that I'm making my final stand I will do it pantsless!!! I'm torn. I got the picture before it had the silly logo, but they now have the 1080 one. You know what? You're right I deny nothing. Herve is a **** and the current interplay doesn't even pale in its former glory. I only regret that i have one bank account to give to inXile- Nathan Hale I just realized, if they've been here the whole time... OMG, everybody put your pants on! He was under duress as he had just barely escaped from Sharkey's Theme Park ... Man up Charles, take one for the team. I was framed!!! I was just following orders!!!! Kilroy was here... @Charles: Easy Gunpowder that also means they read other things .... but it does help you maintain plausible deniability, it was all in jest ... or was it? ;) Mommy why is that bus being driven over me? ruh roo raggy ... Look at that! InXile thinks I'm funny!!!! Oh and some of you too :P Er, you read all of them????!! ... Charles made me do it! :p Oh, and maybe a psychotic theme park manager who kills all who enters his domain via amusement rides. =P Mutant sand sharks, giant sandworms, land sharks, street sharks....... We're going to need a bigger game. :p @deVoid Studios lol, just make sure you have a successful park first and then save the game before you get all sadistic on your paying customers, otherwise people/victims will stop coming to your park! XP If you're feeling particularly evil, stick a tourist on top of a single raised land square and give him nothing but pavement to walk and watch as he withers to nothing! >=D I came up with a variety of creative ways to vent my rage at the game, lol. @ Bryan Sharkey I played RollerCoaster Tycoon for years. Never have I seen a more disturbing outburst of rage?! Truly inspirational post. I might just fire up that game and give this whole Theme Park of Death thing a try. Ok, if Fallout can have Mirelurk Kings, Wasteland 2 deserves some of these bad boys for aqua environments: <url>"What's a sand shark, Walter?" "Donny, you're out of your element, SHUT THE F*CK UP!" @The Dude ( Why do I suddenly feel like I'm in the Big Lebowski ;) ) I am always serious about mutant sand sharks. :P Seriously though, how funny would it be if they put mutant "sand sharks" in the desert for you to stumble across? XD @Richard only if you call me "The Dude" @Bryan Dude, may I call you, dude, that landshark gun was awesome squared. :p I want me one of those. Mutated sharks, possibly on roller blades? Lolol LOL, well I am a $1k pledger, so feel free to hunt down "Sharkey" in the game (hopefully!) XD Also, I am all for a Landshark Gun to stumble across in some diabolical lab in the wasteland: <url>"Not to sound like an elitist" All faiths are welcome here. ;) "i remeber this one time in the Sims 3, i had a pool party and i removed the ladders and every died! it was kinda like 2012 ...." Pfft, that's nothing. One time I grew bored with my theme park in Roller Coaster Tycoon that I decided to place water holes at the exits of each my rides, killing everyone who got off. After that I made an empty pool, placed all the tourists in it, then raised the water level...I did spare my cleaning crew as I would need them to clean up the mess, lol. That'll teach those littering bastards who wouldn't buy my $20 food! @Sole Song Er, I sure hope gründer with the two dots is different cause in the urban dictionary "grunder" without them dots is another kettle of fish entirely. Oh vey, is it another kettle of fish, I wouldn't even post the link. :p Bah, hate to double post. Not to sound like an elitist, but I figured there wouldn't be that many people interested in wasteland that were 2012 believers ^_^ Yeah, but I found it to be a good read nonetheless. So we are 20k short of 2.3kk. It looks like 2.5kk is within reach. I is so excite! @Casey You know my tongue was firmly planted in my cheek, 2012-wise, right? :p That u in grunder should have been written vith two dots on top, I dont remember the code for doing that @Kyle A grunder is a person, man or woman who start a new buisness of some sort What Kyle said. @Kyle "i remeber this one time in the Sims 3, i had a pool party and i removed the ladders and every died! it was kinda like 2012 ...." Oh the humanity. You poor bastard, you must be emotionally scared for life. @Charles Viva la Revolucion! 7 minutes left of the download then I am gone... take care all... sleep tight Blackrose... all :-) @richard. 2012 phenomenon is for the lulz. Read this thoroughly if you want a good read on Mayan stuffs. <url>"Speaking of Bethesda and Fallout, it would be good to see Todd Howard promote Wasteland 2 and drop 10K on it. Would be the classy thing to do." Fuck Bethesda and fuck Todd too. He can stick that 10k where sun doesn't shine. The guy is a complete moron, just watch any one of his interviews. Granted he makes a good living making shit for the masses but KFC does that equally well too. Their mediocre shit has plagued the genre for far too long. Anytime they make yet another ES remake and throw metric-shit-ton of cash at their PR department all of the sudden media praises them for yet another "truly epic and unforgettable adventure". BG was an epic adventure. Half Life was an epic adventure. Fallout was an epic adventure. Portal had orders of magnitude of character and soul in 4 hours of game play than Oblivion ever did in 100+ hours. All Bethesda had ever done is constant rehashing of ES that was a so so adventure "way back when". Now it's just mainstream bullshit through and through. ...deep breath... I feel much better now. Out of couriosety... what is LARP (ists) (ing) @Richard Blackrose The Mayan's thought that the world, the cosmos was made anew every 6500 year, and I have not noticed any of those happenings... so I dont think we will go under in december 2112 :-) There it goes ! Do what now? So i just Pledged! I hear this game is going to be like the sims! Im super excited!!! I understand. Sins of the father, you were doomed before you were born. @Sole Song "I am waiting for 2,222,222... what should happen there, I have forgutten..." Isn't that when the Mayan calendar predicted the world would end? Both my Pappy and Grandpappy were third degree LARPists. Momma said she wasn't gonna raise no LARPist, guess I can't change the inevitable. Oh, and I would have used a fireball, myself. :p Well there are always exceptions to every rule. Any history of LARPing in your family? That might explain your rapid fall from grace. It's not always the case that MMO's lead to LARPing. I remember playing PilotWings, next thing I know I'm using Lightning attacks on an Elven Warrior at the local park! You people are forgetting MMO's biggest evil, it's a gateway drug to much darker pursuits. First you're playing WoW, then the next thing you know you're cosplaying at Comic-Con and finally you fall into the ultimate degradation and you become a member of the most despised community on the planet... Yes, I'm talking about LARPers. :p Nancy Reagan said it best, just say no to MMO's. I am waiting for 2,222,222... what should happen there, I have forgutten... @ Doran That's hilarious. That's how I felt when playing City of Heroes. The whole street has more superheroes that citizens =) @Charles Middleton Sorry, I just can't get into MMOs. Sharing a game like that is just not my style. I tried the Old Republic. They tell you you're an important padawan that can change the universe. Then you start and see 10 other important padawans also changing the universe. Just doesn't work for me at all. @Charles KILL!!!!!!!!!!! Where's my damn persuaders. Oh, and never in a million bleeping years! :p So what do you guys think, $3Mil possible? @Alex Laird: Very interesting breakdown. Curious how the first 4 tiers go up in price but down in total donations :) I really hated Morrowind - just an awful game in almost every respect - so i doubt I would like Oblivion (or Fallout 3) at all. Arena and Daggerfall just seem awesome though - and they're free! - I'll play both of them eventually. @Doran "Todd Howard has any respect for the history of cRPGs" See, that's where you run into trouble. ;) So here is a question for all of you. Was anyone planning on playing the Fallout MMORPG if it had ever come out? This is just a curiousity, please don't kill me for asking. Regardless of what you think of the Bethesda games, my point is that if Todd Howard has any respect for the history of cRPGs, especially the franchise he's now running (Fallout), he should be heavily promoting Wasteland 2. I prefer Vegas also. For Me F3 was a lot of corridor game. NV for me had feeling of old fallout . It wasnt ideal, but it was good. If they needed to move it to FPS . i could go with NV if they put a little more work into that Fallout 3 was a pretty good post- apoc open world game... HOWEVER, as "Fallout THREE," the supposed direct continuation of the Fallout franchise it was an ABOMINATION UNTO THE LORD!!!! FONV worked much better on both levels, both as a game and as a non-abomination. :p Independence all the way ;) Between Fallout 3 and New Vegas, I preferred NV. It just felt like it had a lot of tie-ins with games of old. Thank Chris Avellone and team for that! You know what, I think I want a Desert Rangers belt buckle instead of the medal now... :P Thanks to the wallpapers for that! @Matthew, cannot agree with your comments on Fallout3, I loved that game, played it for at least 40 hours. I think it was because there hadn't been such a fallout/apocalyptic game setting in open world before? I loved it... not so much NV.. though i might go back to it. Though i have to admit i am a big fan of apocalyptic/end of world type games such as Dead Island etc. Think they make for good survival game stories.. :Thats why i am looking forward to WL2. To be very honest, I thought Oblivion was the beginning of their decline. To me, Morrowind was the last decent game put out by Bethesda. Morrowind is always on my hard drive, I couldn't play Oblivion, Skyrim, or Fallout 3 for more than about 8 hours each before I put them back on the shelf. Morrowind has seen hundreds of hours and I still play it. Sure it's not perfect, but it had a certain something about it. @Matthew: Glad you said it. Skyrim was dulles-ville, the combat was anticlimactic. By the time you got done FedExing to everywhere and hell, you'd think you'd at least be rewarded by having some good fighting. I'm also not impressed by any of the recent Bethesda's game, I wasn't keen on Oblivion, it wasn't fun, the main story was short and extremely repetitive and dull, some of the side quests were OK, but for the most part, I really didn't like it, as for skyrim, that was more FPS then a RPG, magic was dull, crafting was OP and dull, main story was pretty dull. also the quest length for many of the quests were short. in general it was a buggy, memory leak galore game that held very little attraction to me. Fallout 3 was pretty bad too. overall not good, and many games are getting duller and duller Yeah it's amazing that I could go back now and run through Fallout 1 and 2 (even Tactics) without thinking about the game being outdated. The story and gameplay is what makes great games timeless. The Fallout games and the other Interplay games (Planescape, BG, ID) are really the only games that I have played over and over throughout the last 15 years. I just had an interesting look at how the different donator levels compare in terms of there contribution; $15 = 413,760 $30 = 121,050 $50 = 316,050 $55 = 55,000 $75 = 69,525 $100 = 435,700 $150 = 93,450 $250 = 250,000 $500 = 63,000 $1,000 = 120,000 $2,500 = 20,000 $5,000 = 40,000 $10,000 = 110,000 I have to agree that Bethesda's games tend to be a snooze. Oblivion was fun, but everything after that is just simply the same game over again imho. I'll likely not buy another Bethesda game personally. @Scot yes i would also prefer an old school feel, the idea that old school gaming design techniques are no longer wanted is wrong imho. This is one of the reasons why we are seeing success of many kick-starter projects, and games like X-com being remade in a style to the old games (just with a few new techniques thrown in for good measure). I doubt anyone here is expecting/wanting W2 trying to compete with Crysis as far looks are conserned. @Scott-I'm with ya. Devoting to core game experience is all that matters to me. I'll be just fine without 1080p cutscenes and graphics rivalling the mass market games out there. Ugh...I'd love WL2 having a old school feel personally over a major upgrade. But that's just me. The new X-Com coming out in the fall looks pretty good. I love the return of turn based games!! Personally I'd love WL2 hav Fuck Bethesda. They consistently make boring games. I will probably never buy anything else from them since they consistently take things in a simplictic and boring direction. Where as Blizzard not only takes things in the wrong direction, they do so badly. Kickstarter, Mojang, and inXile are my hope for the future. Independance FTW! Speaking of Bethesda and Fallout, it would be good to see Todd Howard promote Wasteland 2 and drop 10K on it. Would be the classy thing to do. Is there a vague idea on minimum specs? Bethesda likes their FPS, but they were hardly the first person doing it. Hasn't Bethesda always done the FPS RPG, even before everyone else doing it now? I think it's a stylistic choice because it has always been their thing. and the saing goes "don't fix whats not broken" And Fallout 4 where you play the verging ranger unit is a good idea for the fourth instalment of Fallout. @richard-Good man! my tally so far is getting 4 other backers on board. I have yet to use my managers position at my company to threaten others to back. I'll start doing that with 5 days left. Sorry, my bad. Lost my head there for a moment. Will go out right now (without pants, of course) and "persuade" two extra people to back WL2. @Richard-Without pants...duh! What kind of question is that? Please this is a serious forum, keep all questions serious in nature. :P Or maybe release a simple FAQ of what's he's promised/announced/discussed about the game, so far...Just saying. @Charles "So if 46,000 people ask questions and the whole interaction with each backer is one minute long, thats only a 766 hour conference." With or without pants? Just upped my backing to $150 because this is so awesome. Now my only request is that as the scope and scale of the game grows with the budget, inXile takes the time to get this game right and feels the right amount of release date pressure. @Charles Middleton III: Pfft, that's it? If it's only going to be 766 hours we should give everyone at least 2 mintues. Brian should set up a conference call with all the backers. Allow everyone to ask one question to him. So if 46,000 people ask questions and the whole interaction with each backer is one minute long, thats only a 766 hour conference. I for one don't find this to be an unreasonable request to ask Brian. Is Wasteland 2 going to have turn based combat as in Fallout 1 & 2? I really hope so. I hate the fact that they turned F3 and FNV into first person shooters. Its one of the hard parts of the Kickstarter model.. but in a week or so, apart from the odd update or forum interaction, we're all gonna have to take a big breath and a step away and leave them the time and peace to make our baby.. gonna be difficult man :) While I liked F3 and F:NV myself, I am glad to see a project like Wasteland 2. I hope, that Fallout would also return back to roots at some point. Great tweet from teh Codex to Brian. "Imagine if Bethesda bought InXile... <url>" "For Wasteland 2, the PC is the root of the product. The Fallout series, at least for now, is focused more at a console group, and for me, there's a major difference. There's a lot of people that loved Fallout 1 and 2, and Fallout 3 just isn't what they want. To me, Wasteland 2 is for those people," he said. All I can say in response is: "I'm as corny as Kansas in August, High as a flag on the Fourth of July! If you'll excuse an expression I use, I'm in love, I'm in love, I'm in love, I'm in love, I'm in love with a wonderful guy!" :P @Charles: As always sir you bring me back to reality. As a side note, I think we all could make use of some of Richard's persuasion devices, maybe added as a new pledging tier? Today would make a great day for an update. For no other reason than we all want an update. So give us an update! I don't care who, the update doesn't even have to come from inXile! Estimated Delivery: Oct 2013 I believe that is the ETA, isn't it ? You should give us an ETA on how many years this project is going to take so I can figure out how long I have to update my computer. XD @JJ-Something tells me that current Interplay stockholders do not seem like shrewd business people. Considering they are still holding on to stock in a once great now joke of a company, they probably won't back something that has a great chance of success like this! I'm just guessing though. I will give it my best shot..speaking of shot, I might need to borrow some of Richard's persuasion devices. :) I can't leave the house today without a new update, where's #11!! This user's account has been deleted. @just: We are hoping for a big surge that another Project - DoubleFine - had in the last days of the pledging. They received around 1Mil in the last few days. Don't know how or why it happened but the backers here are hoping for something similar. It seems we should make 2.5M but the 3 M mark is not impossible but how probable is hard to say. @ just jase yeah It's those fence-sitters who finally decide to back the project, seeing the last moments of possibility of it ticking away. I personally donated to Double Fine when two hours were left of the kickstarter. Kind of a psychological thing. @Charles: How about getting all the stockholders of Interplay to pledge? You think you can make that happen? If not how about just the board at the 10K tier? ;) @ Richard: I say custom embroidered kevlar vests that have been "weathered" aka Wasteland style ... where does the last day burst come from, just out of curiosity? id love it to happen but counting on it seems a bit strange. Where do all the new backers come out of the woodwork? <url>"Find someone and force them by any means necessary to back this!" I have plenty of extra guns if anyone needs to borrow one. Back or die makes for a pretty convincing argument. For people who like old-style computer rpg, you just try Age of Decadence by <url>"Combat system based on WL1 - but in isometric style like in Fallout 1 & 2, maybe inspired by Fallout Tactics and Jagged Alliance 2". This is the type of statements Brian uses so far and it appeals both to those that want to keep as much as possible of Wasteland 1 intact, and to isometric fan base of Fallout, and the bare mention of FOT and JA2 gets the combat tacticians going =) But this is guessing only. A bottomless Tim Cain wearing a nun's hat vloging... I'd pay good money NOT to see that. :p @Charles .... Yes no to vlogs. Wouldn't mind seeing another vlog from the project here though. @Erich-As long as he doesn't Vlog, then I fully support any decision he makes...Only if he gets on board with WL2. Otherwise it's ankle high skirts and nun-hats for him! @Chris-Charles: Put it this way... as long as he's working on the game, I'm not going to judge him for choosing not to. @Erich-Hopefully if Tim Cain isn't wearing as T-Shirt he will at least have the decency to wear pants! :) Just a plug for a very awesome looking project. <url>"big boxes"? :) Hopefully Brian has one more rabbit to pull out of his hat, like the tees everyone here seems to lust after, or even better at least as far as I'm concerned, Tim Cain officially joining the project. Or maybe the best of both worlds, Tim Cain joining the project wearing a t-shirt. :p Just got a coworker to back this! What a sucker...I mean what a fantastic guy he is! :) JJ: Don't forget that DFA made over a million dollars in its final day. It really didn't look like it was going to hit $3M either, but it did. And then some. There are a lot of fence-sitters out there, many of them won't come down before they absolutely have to. ;-) Right now it has to average ~$30,100 a day to reach 2.5Mil. I agree the daily average might drop in the coming days but the predicted boost the last couple days should make up for this. The bigger question is the 3Mil mark. That is a long way away. Not so sure we wil lhit that. Kicktraq right now is averaging the donations to 80k per day, but for the last few days the numbers have been 40, 80, 60, 45, 40. Looking at the per hour view, I'd predict a 35k for today, and maybe a 30k for tomorrow unless something changes. This makes it more important for us to push Wasteland 2 since levelling out at 30k/day will only boost us 215k, still short of 2.5m! @TheChosenOne - Don't forget the surge of pledges that comes in from the last days of the project. Kicktraq doesn't account for that. It simply multiplies the average daily pledges with the remaining days of the project. I could be wrong but I'm gonna bet that it's gonna hit 3mil before it closes. For 3 mil we need some big updates/publicity; <url>´m currently at 50 bucks....if you open up some more 250 slots, I´m definitely in! Currently we have about +1k backers every day...this is easily gonna break 50k backers I want 2.5m, guys! Push this out there and give what you can! I'm looking into the feasibility of putting in more myself... I'm thinking about 47,000+ backers by the end but hope I'm proven wrong and it breaks 50,000. Nice we are at 2.25kk. If BF and the team pull some nice PR stunt we might hit 2.5 :) Personally upped it as much as I could. Will probably wake up one morning next week with my hungry 5 month old baby girl gnawing on my limb or something. But hey...what kind of father would I be if I didn't invest in her gaming future. We need to weed out all that console crap and pave way for the real games :D I've put in early w/ the 100$ option (after graduating dollars each few days). You need to think for this last weej of additional backing options. I don't want to be a something in a game, but I want more reasons to give you money. Preorder expansion content, offer shirts, exclusive loot... people paid $100 extra for SWTOR digitial, worthlessm'crap'. Give me a 10-20-50 dollar excuse to increase funding. No more platfoms! Just give us your dream, your idea, and lots of dollars of content. Credits with a search function, haha. @Raymond - it might be like that old Simpsons episodes where Bart's working on Krusty's show, and he tries to prove it to his friends by pausing the credits. Unfortunately the credits are speeding by so quickly, that even paused the words are too blurry to make out his name properly. Uhh...Backer not Backet Yeah I'm still hoping that they add Tshirts to one of the pledges. Or if they offer Tshirts sold in some online store at another site. A contest for the best Backet TShirt would be cool too. 6000+ People to thank in the credits. That might take a while :D if you donate $500 you will automatically get the $250... I DEMAND YOU OPEN MORE SLOTS FOR THE $250 TIER! .... I hear theme music in the background and smell someone lighting up a cigar ... ;) I love it when a plan comes together. Don't you worry. I've always dreamed big in multiple ways. My motto has always been, " Go big, then go home" best of both worlds I'd say. I'm liking what I'm reading ... but Charles you have other duties you cannot get sidetracked ... or maybe it's a ruse .... hmmmm It could be the theme song for Wastecon. And the only way to get there would be using the decoder ring on the map. This is all coming together. If were going for 80's music, why not Wastelands by Midge Ure... now i'm showing my age :( I betcha we could probably get it for a decoder ring. @quiett- not such a great idea?? Tis a fantastic idea! My vote goes to spending the money to use 'Wasteland' from Billy Idol as the opening theme song. Ok, so it's not such a great idea, but that tune always made me think back to playing Wasteland. Maybe if we get to 3 million Brian can create a convention for us! He could call it Wastecon. He'd probably have to call the cops beforehand to explain what it's about. I see legal problems otherwise. Dead man walking. :p @jj crap I'm neither of those things! @Richard: In the wasteland only the strong and resourceful survive ... =)) @JJ Dude, that is so Dr. Evil. ... but you need the ring to decode the map .... ;) Ok ok I yield. Box Map and manual for all. But decoder ring just for us!! Listen I'm fine with t-shirts but honestly I would double my pledge right now if all backers got decoder rings!!! I actually hope the box, manual, and cloth map becomes available outside of Kickstarter. It would be nice if that kind of packaging became the standard again. @Charles "the greedy part of me hope that just backers get the map and manual" Fight it Charles, don't give into the dark side of the force. Or .... "I got rabies in Highpool" @Richard - I'd go for "You're Life Has Ended in the Wasteland." Can't tell you how many times I saw that ! @quang- the greedy part of me hope that just backers get the map and manual, but I couldn't tell you for sure one way or another. Make mine say " i learned to swim at Highpool" @Richard or "I contributed to Wasteland 2 and one of the many thing I got was this lousy t-shirt" Man, you guys (and gals) seem to really, REALLY, want those tees. I'd like mine to say, "I contributed to Wasteland 2 and all I got was this lousy t-shirt.: :p Can anyone tell me if the boxed copy with the manual will be released or is it just for backers ? @ pseudonicus - Very cool! Thanks for posting. I think $3M is realistic, and with a media blitz, and a last-minute perk like a t-shirt, I think this could squeak past Double Fine Adventures. For anyone who hasn't seen this: <url>"Van Buren" should have been People need to realize that Brian has NOT promised a mod kit at 3m. He is very wary of promising this since they don't even know which engine they'll be using. He only said it's a possibility, not a foregone certainty. I never played Wasteland but I've played the whole Fallout series etc. I know the universes are different but is it wrong to assume/hope this will be what Fallout 3 should have been? Or am I the only one? "Fallout" by Alter Bridge. Not gonna lie, it'd be kinda kickass if you guys made a trailer for Wasteland 2 with this song. Never played the original, but it seems like a fitting song. Can't wait to play ^_^ Gotta get to 3 mil for a modkit!! :D Doing some math and making an educated guess, we will reach 3 mill with a few tousend dollars to spare. Sombody better? :-) Did someone say X-Com? The latest video for the Shadowrun game project mentioned having X-Com style combat. <url>"Just wanted to express my admiration for the addition of Linux support. I only support Linux ..." +1 Not played the first Wasteland but played the Fallout series I just had to back this project. Cannot wait to see the final game :) If there was a pledge amount for a hardback concept art book, I would happily increase my funding of the game. I think alot of people would want that over a digital version of the art book. Im sure some fans will do a co-op mod @Michal: As a programmer let me tell you that even that seemingly simple feature would require a fair amount of time and resources. It's more than simply allowing someone to see the screen and click on it. Especially with a turn based game, it's hard to make co-op work well (from a player's perspective). You don't want co-op to just feel tacked on. I just don't feel it'd be worth the trade off of resources that they could be using to expand and polish the game. This user's account has been deleted. I also never played the first one but this just seems too cool to not back. I signed up just to pledge for Wasteland 2! One love. @Mugurel - the rest of those fans might not know yet, might not be in a financial position to back the product, or might be waiting for more info/waiting for actual release. Kickstarter requires us to place a lot of faith in the developers, and not everyone will want to do that. That is why it falls to us to let others know and to share our confidence with them so that they feel like they can make pledges too. Like Brian said, we are the marketing and PR of Wasteland 2. C'mon Brian - if you want to see a vast stream of money comming your way - add a co-op feature! It can be a fairly simple one, just like the good old Baldurs Gate - you have to travel as a team and you cannot leave one screen - but you can play with your friends! It's easy and really makes sense! I feel sad a little bit, I always thought that there are a lot of peope who love the old school crpgs. From millions and millions of people I expected at least two hundred thousands backers for a game like this, with, Brian, Chris and etc in charge. 50.000 is way to short @ Phill Thanks, i had just used the orginal image. Didn't realize how much of it had been clipped off until I saw those wallpapers. $50K in Paypal so over $2.2M mark....c'mon $2.5M!!! It's leaning towards isometric. Is the game going to be text based like the original, isometric (like fallout1/2/tactics and Project Zomboid) or some crazy 3rd peson 3D shizzle? hey guys I found a cool board game on here called undead escape, looks fun but it needs backers. I'd add another 25 to 50 bucks for a big ol poster of that new concept art. Stunning!!! This user's account has been deleted. Never played the original, but I need a game like this. Oh, more than 2.1m, so Avellone should be part of project. Then take my money, please! I was a designer on the original Wasteland when I 17 years-old. The password to set off the nuke was my name and my fellow designer Tom's spelled backwards. I never thought I would see this again. You go Brian! I love your style! Just pledged my $55! Funny that this project would come up as I was playing through Fallout and Fallout 2 for the first time. Can't wait to play the Beta! Wasteland brings back fond memories of my senior year of high school (I borrowed a friend's Commodore 64 to play it because the concept was so cool). The book that came with the game was a brilliant solution to memory limitations at the time (and yes...I was one of those guys who read ahead and got a good laugh when I realized the Mars storyline was bogus). Good memories...looking forward to Wasteland 2 - in for $150! So, um, hmm. I'MA FIHREN MAH... Oops forgot to roll for initiative..... crap. Wow! Tim Schafer really kicked this whole kickstarter thing into high gear didn't he. Well, I'd love to see a return to Wasteland so I'm backing it :) I was working that day in 87 I think when a colleague put a floppy in the drive and started SQ1. We were soon 4 peoples standing around and gaped :-) @Sean Shute No official word but likely more than the initial Kickstarter support tier, especially if the game keeps expanding its scope with additional kickstarter support. Alright, with paypal we've broken $2.2million!!! That shot of the rangers says it all! gonna be one awesome ride to release in 2013! thanks phill for the 1080 work! Anyone know or have any idea what the price will be at launch? @alcaray It's Atari, they do refuse to let anyone touch it. They also own the Masters Of Orion rights as well, which they keep locked in a vault. But there is a ray of hope, they also own X-com, and they've licensed that out to two companies, one of them is even turn based! So there's a chance we may yet see them revived! A new Lands of Lore game would be cool, but like the first one!! That's a very good game, very nice story... Oh well i would really really love a new Tie Fighter vs X-wing...where you could play as a "real" simulator or more like a arcade type (like they are)...At least there wouldn't be large floating blocks in space titled as "cargos", "vessels" etc :D Man I really have spent a very good time playing these games. Tie fighter is a real must-have... The first video game I played when I was a kid I thought was super fun. In a moment of nostalga I decided to downloadd it and playit again. it wasn't as fun anymore, maybe my videogame taste was under developed at that age, or perhaps I got spoiled by more modern video games produced today. I realised that some videogames are sometimes best left in the past and you should look forward to the new games. I won't ever play the original Wasteland again because I don't want to tarnish the memories I have of it. Wastland 2 I hope rocks because I won't be playing Wasteland otherwise. I want to remember the original Wastteland as the kid who had a blast playing it, and not be boared by it now. so If Wasteland the first came out again I don't think I would ever play it. I'm really kind of a strategy guy. I want to see a Master of Magic 2. But I think uhh... I forget is it Sega (activision?) who owns it now? Anyhow, they won't do anything with it and won't let anyone else do anything with the franchise. I've made that concept art into 1920 x 1080 wallpapers if anyone wants them, one with the logo too: I made a size to fit my monitor. Fuck that woman on the right, and her damn gun, and the damn lighting changes. I also made one with the logo: <url>ækkelund Nekro indeed looks pretty fancy, but theirs pitch is not so awesome, sadly. Still hopes that they will get some media attention, at this point they are looking pretty promising. Already baked them yesterday :) @Odd Ball, I'm pretty sure they wouldn't get the donation if that happened. Thanks for the answer every one @Richard: You only get Beta Access at $55 and above. I flipping loved this game. You've made a middle-aged gamer girl very happy. You acces the beta only with the 55$ or higher pledges. @richard - Pretty sure it is only $55 tier or $75 tier and above that get beta access Does every one get access to the Beta? or are there limitations? What happens if backers cancel their credit cards before or on the last day or a dispute is put in by someone's parents :), does InXile still get the pledged amount? PS - I hope no one does cancle their card! Only aprox 9k to 2.2 million. I am so excited to be a backer for this project. I am a gigantic fan of Wasteland and Fallout and am jazzed to see this style of gaming making a come back. Rock on! Gary McBride <url>"Way of the Wicked" -- Be the Bad Guy! With such a large amount of box copies already set to be produced (e.g. 16,000 printed manuals and counting), I don't think production costs will be a major issue, thanks to economies of scale. As more and more people pledge $50 and up (excluding the $55 tier), the per unit costs of manufacturing these boxes will decline even further. There's also a project called "Nekro", reminiscent of Diablo/Dungeon Keeper/Myth the Fallen Lords, that needs pledges. Here: <url>’s Chris Avellone on Wasteland 2: <url>"multiplayer" that was talked about was the note feature . Linux and Mac support hasn't changed since they hit $1.5Million. I'm also concerned with the cross platform compatibility. I primarily use Windows but also tend to boot into Linux for days at a time for my work. It'd be nice if I the disc included the different versions (I'm big on physical media). It'd be nice if I could just install the game once and then access it from either OS (I dual boot) @Rodney Lelah DRM free usually mean you can buy game once and play it everywhere. I don't think there should be any problem with save files. But you need to understand that is Wasteland 2 will not have any mobile version. Only PC versions on LInux, Mac and Windows. New Interview with Chris Avellone over at RPS: www.rockpapershotgun.com/2012/04/07/interview-obsidians-chris-avellone-on-wasteland-2/ There's no DRM, so why would you think you can't install it on more than one OS? Or did you really mean portable save files between OSes? Any chance of being able to install the game on more than one O/S? I'd love to be able to play the game on my Windows PC then transfer the save file over to either my MacBook or iPad and continue on during my daily commute Hopefully I'm not the only one looking at this feature now that Wasteland 2 is going to be on multiple O/Ss. Brian please make this happen. Just an idea... what about paralell prosessing... an example. Say some capable and interestet person(s) in the Linux comunity got what was done for the PC win platform and transported that to the Linux platform. It could be a continous prosess from the start. In that way al would get more game for the money or bucks as you say in english :-) Congrats on making 2.1 mill to bring in the extra people! Lets hope the $ will keep rising! :) Here's my pitch... GRANDMA MUTATED NINJAS! And... Nah just joking, I don't have any ideas but you'll have my support no matter what. Still have my memories of descent and cyberia, anyway... I hope we'll have set the foundation for the return of good old RPG games with this. Good luck. @Fishos Please no spoilers then ;-) I was playing Wasteland 2 in my dreams all night. I literally can't wait for this game. @Mark, Linux support was promised for the 1,5 Mio. tier. Not doing it would be akin to not hiring Chris Avallone now. Also a lot of people stated here in the comments that they want a linux port. So they know it is an importantant feature @Mark you've posted the same thing across 3 or 4 other projects... i don't think you need to do that really do you? This user's account has been deleted. @Mark ??? This user's account has been deleted. Also @Mark, i don't think you need to go to lots of projects spamming the same message. @Mark, did you not read the rewards? It states that its coming out on PC, MAC and Linux This user's account has been deleted. While I do think they'll hit $2.5M, I'm crossing my fingers until it actually happens. Would never turn down more scope or atmosphere, especially if it means a bigger music budget. Really regret not hearing about this until now though, would totally have pledged the $250 for an autographed copy. If you guys ever feel like adding some more prizes to that level, I'd definitely up my pledge :) Congratulations for the $2.1M !! :) @Ben Henson Accurate compared to what? Ok, we established more funds are raised at the beginning and at the end. And this is bad, because... ? @Jason Darby They do have a 3m stretch goal. That's the inclusion of modding tools. @Bjarne Ustad I don't think anything's confirmed. There have been periods where pledged amounts dropped due to someone canceling on a large amount. Still, here's hoping for the best. Hopefully, they can release the modding tools at a later date even if we dont hit 3m. $2,5M is pretty much guaranteed, even if there are no more updates or announcements I think $2.5 is a distinct possibility now :) I think inXile should consider doing another stretch goal, very impressed with the way another project i am going to sponsor shortly has done it, in a nice fancy simple to understand diagram. It's clear and concise. Upped my pledge from 15$ to 55, hope it'll go beyond 2,5M at least. Would've loved a boxed copy, but don't wanna wait it shipped to France, and early beta rocks ;) An iOS or even Android version for tablets would be very cool, plus it would help these guys make money since it is in the tablets where the money for these games is nowadays. Would increase the chances of a Wasteland 3 in the future. @Ben Henson "all they are doing is taking the amount already raised and filling in the remaining days with the daily average so far." Agreed - the projection is simplistic and needs improving, but to call the site useless is rather harsh. It provides a faster and IMHO easier way to view projects and includes a pledge graph (not as good as Adam's but available for every project). @Update 6: I think Wasteland 2 should be a singleplayer game without any multiplayer features, because a very good singleplayer game is much better than an average single- and multiplayer game. Brian Fargo and Chris Avellone in twitter: <url>#16/e=1f7176 List of active polls: <url>"middle man", the publishers) for both gamers and game creators: passion. We can and we probably will, last week of kickstarter(especially last day) tend to be explosive I'd really like to see this project reach 3 mil and above. CAN WE DO IT? :D I think the website predicts future funding, if it remains constant throughout its funding period. We all know growth of a Kickstarter project doesn't grow consistently. If Wasteland doesn't make 3 million there is no way Shadowrun will make 5 million. @Darren Hupke Thanks for that link - a far useful way of browsing projects than Kickstarter itself. It's projecting that Shadowrun Returns will exceed $5 million though, hot diggety! I signed up just for this! Best of luck with the project, we are all waiting with baited breath. Should this game be made available in Desura? I don't myself use it, but some people do. Darren, I believe $3M is a stretch, but it us up to us. We really need to get the word out. We're still hearing from people here that they've just heard about the project, yet it's been going on for weeks. We need to step it up and get the word out. Erich, what can I say. Us Americans do like our dinner. As expected, after dinner in the States the pledges have picked up again. Have you seen this? This website generates predictions for where the project will end, looking good if things go as good as it says it might here: <url>"worthy" project. Please consider contributing to an appropriate discussion thread like <url>"A proud $250 supporter" here. Inspired by our hero, I wanted to start my own Kickstarter project. But guess what: im European, and its closed to US citizens only. (sad face) Oh well, its off topic, ill carry onward. I too feel like we should hit the next mile stone at 2.5. Its definitely been an exiting ride so far. I wish I had more to donate. I just read about this in a Cracked.com article regarding what kickstarter is and their top projects. When I saw Wasteland 2 was the last item on the list I knew I had to pledge. This will pass 2.6 mil no doubt... Thanks for the international pack option - really appreciate the beta inclusion :) @Jason haha, the average does seem to have dropped by 500$ per hour, but I think PAX East might influence the numbers soon. Good evening without Paypal. 21!!!!!!!! @Erich No excuses! Give 'em yer money! :P @Bryan: Wait... so normal people don't sit on their computers on Friday night? *sigh* I need a life. And it is a Friday night, most people probably aren't home right now or even on a computer. <url>"This message is for backers only", what kind of things are behind those closed doors? I'm just curous because I can't wait to find out for Wasteland! Chris Avellone just thanked everyone for hitting the 2.1 Million mark. Good job guys. i am so happy that i could contribute to this project. There is no traditional publisher with this project. And Obsidian is not a publisher. Obsidian is licensing some tools to inXile for this project, and one Obsidian employee (Chris Avellone) will help with writing. Chris Avellone worked on FO2 and was the lead designer on Planescape: Torment @Joe, no Obsidian are just providing design/technical tools support as far as i have read. They may do it themselves. Or they may get other people to help out. I am just guessing here the same as everyone else, but most of the tasks can easily be done by someone in -house. *be obsidian i mean @Jason so would that obsidian? @Jason-I definitely didn't see the bigger picture there. I hope inXile is taking care of all that, and not getting one of the big guys involved. @charles, we are funding it, but technically publishers also do all the leg work for getting the game distributed, e.g into boxes, onto steam, tested, into stores. @Richard-Just sneak me in a Wasteland Survival Kit. I'm sure it will have everything I need to break out. Oh and put it in a cake....I love cake! @Joe-That's a good question. I know that the digital content will be delivered via Steam. As far as the boxed sets, I'm assuming Inxile will outsource that to some Media Distribution company(No clue who). Technically I think we are the publishers because we are funding this project. I think inXile are self publishing, because that was the whole point, that no games publisher would help fund/publish it. whos publishing it inXile? @JJ I keep saying that about the 250's. @Dan What, you got something against colored endings, buddy. ;) Gonna be a long day for Bioware at PAX East, today, I'm thinking. @Charles Connecticut, eh? Well since I'm a NY'er I guess I can come visit you in jail. Maybe smuggle in a file inside one them signed collector editions. @Dan-I for one can be pretty sure that won't be a problem. My only wish for the project is please do not end the game like Mass Effect 3. Pretty please. We need to average ~35K a day to make 2.5M and ~83K a day for 3M. Seems like 2.5 is pretty achievable. 3 Mil might be a strecth but who knows what the surge in the last couple days will bring. The 250 slots are sold out they should open up more in that slot ;) I can see the headlines now "Connecticut man arrested on charges of conspiracy to commit" It would be very cool if we/this started a roumor on the net that a Kickstarter community is pledging for a hit man on Herve..... lol So close, hopefully be at $2.1 in the next 5 or so hours...yay cool :) @Kim: I agree, and we can make Charles the Chairman as he stepped up first for more immediate action. =) @JJ-Touche! It's a working catchphrase, but I like the ring of "They may take our LAN, but they'll never take our Freespace!" 1600k? Seems possible with THIS crowd on Kickstarter. ;) Or voluntarily elected ... huh? ;) @Richard-I only say I'm elected to help my court case. If I go around saying that I volunteered, they will never let me out of prison! I'll meet you halfway. I was elected to volunteer! @Richard: I like the paraphrase @Kim We tried that back in the day, it didn't work. :p @Charles Elected? You volunteered, you crazy hero, you. As the bible almost says: "Greater love hath no man than this, that a man lay down his freedom for his fellow gamers. (I paraphrase :p ) So 124.34 Miilion shares in Interplay, so majority holder would need 6.217million +1 shares. It is currently trading at 0.026 cents so all be equal and staying the same it would cost 1,616,420.026 +commission to be teh big dawg at Interplay. @ Bryan: 2.5 Mil here we come. For the first time ever I get to say that I'm fomenting insurrection! Check that off the bucket list. @Charles: LOL what did he mean by splitting up party members around the map? It would most likely be more though because as the shares get purchased the price would likely go up ... I have no idea how it really would work. My math is based in the total number of shares diveded by 2 times the current share price plus one dollar to be a majority holder ... =) I'm on board! Apparently I've already been elected as Hitman for the venture, so what do I have to lose?! If all of us send our daily feces to him in the mail, im shore he'd get the point. Let's start a KS project for a hostile takeover ... ;) I am not sure if my math is right but in order to be a majority holder in Interplay it would cost roughly 1,865,101 dollars. @Richard-Haha, they will be so appreciative...eternally confused for why I went to prison, but appreciative nonetheless. ALRIGHT! 2.125 million, huzzah!!! (including $42k from paypal) @Erich-That is going to take someone much smarter than I to figure out. Anyone with stock savvy out there? @Erich Never happen, Herve will never give up Interplay. That's why we're starting a new KS to support Charles' family when he goes to jail for, er, permanently fixing this problem. :p How many $0.03 shares would we need to buy to achieve Interplay takeover? @ Erich You da man! @Joe Yes, with some modern (non-social :p) paint. And as someone who is old, a gamer and went to school it's about damn time. :p , @Joe-Essentially yes. They want to take what we loved about Old School games and bring it into the 21st century in such a way that doesn't alienate the core group at all. Bring back the games we loved, in other words. They also don't want to alienate new players either, but the focus is to set right a ship that in my opinion has been sinking for years now. @Richard: Yeah, I have Droog's, the HD Maps, and the Resolution fixes installed! @Charles so this will basically be a game for old school gamers? @ Charles Middleton III 2, wrote: "Interplay's Tagline was By Gamers For Gamers. We takeover, what taglne could ever be more true!!" Yes!! LOL! "By Gamers For Gamers: We Takeover!" I love it. That would be mindblowingly awesome. I would personally invest a lot in it. God bless you, Charles, you are a true hero for our times. @Richard-I'm willing to serve time to make it happen! :) @David Every rig is different. Just because it doesn't work on mine, (the only Golden Age game that doesn't, all the rest work fine), doesn't mean it won't work on yours. @Joe-Skyrim supposedly cost more than $100 million to make. AAA games blow all their money on marketing, voice actors of hollywood caliber and standard bureacratic waste. Wasteland 2 is trying to avoid all that waste by just being a game that caters to a smaller crowd. With focus on gameplay and not cinematics or having James Earl Jones voice a minor character in the game, they can accomplish a massive amount with comparatively less money. To my knowledge, the money that we put in is the only money that will be used for this project. It's a labor of love, profit is not the goal. I'm afraid the only way we'll get Interplay from Herve is when we pry it from his cold, dead hands... Hmmmm, not a bad idea, actually. :p Whoa you guys are starting to scare me. Arcanum is one of my all time faves. If I can't play it on my Window 7 x64 machine (my only computer) I will go in mourning. Arcanum did work fine on the same comp when it was still Vista x32, so I'm still hopeful it will still work. @JJ-Interplay's Tagline was By Gamers For Gamers. We takeover, what taglne could ever be more true!! @Charles; a hostile takeover ... let CRPG fans unite ... I like it LOL So. How about that update with Tim Cain and some Desert Ranger artwork? ;D so whats the typical budget of a AAA game like a Skyrim and is what we pledge all thats going into the game or are InXile and Obsidian going to contribute financially as well? Nope, not steam, tried both GOG digital and the HC of the game I've had for a long time and nothing works on my 7 rig. Are you using Droog's Unofficial Arcanum Patch for your vanilla run? He fixes a ton of shit, without changing the game like the other two. Well Interplay is still Publicly Traded at a whopping 3 Cents per share. Let's just buy up all the stocks, and take majority control from that devil Herve Caen. Then we can get the name and company back to it's rightful heir. Hopefully their advice works for you :) @David Ngo-@JJ-Appreciate the help! @Richard: Ah, I haven't yet. I was going to finish it vanilla first to remember how the game went before really going to town with the available mods. Got Arcanum during last week's sale on GOG. And if you tried everything in the FAQ, it might be how Steam handles the game. I bought Thief from Steam and have never been able to get it to work, which was irksome. However, my Gamersgate copy worked perfectly. You know....The one sad thing about all this is with Interplay effectively being pieced back together for Wasteland 2 (more or less), it's too bad they aren't going to be able to use the name and signature/planet logo. After all...how awesome would it have been to have had an old school Wasteland sequel made by 5/7ths of Interplay/Black Isle, then to boot it up to an "old school" Interplay splash screen/logo. At least the team's still there even if it doesn't have the added nostalgia factor of the name. Ya, the original version of Fallout is banned in Europe so the children were removed from the game. So the digital versions are the European version rather than the orignal version so that the game can legally be sold to as many people as possible. @Erich I've tried all the tricks recommended in the FAQ and nothing seems to work. It's the only one I can't get to work. Fortunately, I have an older rig with XP and I play it on that. Btw, did you ever play it through with Rroyo's W.I.P. 6.0, (after playing it through with Car Arcanum, of course). I had no idea the digital versions of Fallout were censored. Last time I played it, I had the physical version... @Charles purchased the box trilogy from off Amazon. I a little more pricey but using the patches for graphics from the following FO1: <url>"uniqueness" for those who first grabbed them. @Richard sorry im having a bad day Pokemon is awesome and everything, but I hope Brian Fargo and company go in a different direction for Wasteland 2. @Joe, sorry I thought you were joking. How about Fallout, Wasteland's spiritual, if not direct, successor. And if you haven't played it, GOG.com has it for free for the next 24 hours. And who told my ass was smart, I was trying to keep that a secret. @Richard-Tim Cain would make this beyond it's current level of umeasurable awesomeness. @Richard Blackrose ok smart ass what can i compare it to than Diablo no Mass Effect no its turn based top down and you know what else it turned based top down Pokemon Seriously, if they could get Tim Cain involved in this, (hey, a guy can dream, can't he) and add his sig to the box (sue me, I'm greedy :p) I'm betting they could sell a 1000 more of those $250 signed babies. We should start betting on exactly what time Kickstarter will hit $2.1 Million. All those who participate will pick an exact time they think we will hit. All those who are incorrect must then up their pledge to $1000.00. The winner receives only bragging rights. It's perfect! Who's in??!! It's okay, Charles, to err is human and to forgive divine and I'm nothing if not divine. :p And the equivalent in pesos will do just fine. @Charles Middleton III They sign all on the same paper, take a copy and put it digitaly in the boxes pdf files... cleen and easy, I would do it like that :-) Does it have to be Dollars? I could try to get enough Pesos to do this correctly. I feel just terrible about not doing it correctly the first time. I have let you down. @ Joe Pokeman? Nah, think pong. :p I said 3 million, not a lousy 100. :p Dude if you don't follow the instructions on the label, I can't help you. ;) Finally my dreams come true :) While waiting for Wasteland2... I did hear about esperanto, not lojban before today... "Lojban is a carefully constructed spoken language designed in the hope of removing a large portion of the ambiguity from human communication. It was made well-known by a Scientific American article and references in science fiction Lojban has been built over five decades by dozens of workers and hundreds of supporters." I write poems nowadays and I need ambiguity :-) I just wrapped a $100 bill around my aching knee, and nothing happened. Guess I need a kickstarter project to get enough funds for said instant cure. :) Not to worry, Just place 3 million dollars on the affected appendages and voilà instant cure. so its what games can we compare it to in terms of gameplay pokemon? I never played the 1st game As long as the entire team does not suffer from "Wristfallingoffitus" from all the signatures. @Benamin Penney-I apologize for my outdated and completely inadequate Language preferences. To make up for it I have learned Lojban, and I pose this question to you. "ma stuzi lo vimku'a ?" :) At $250 a pop I'm thinking it's a good kind of tired. :p @Richard Blackrose They will be very tied to signing all these boxes. @SXX Speaking about old, perhaps I am getting there... I meant 8086, the first 16 bit prosessor... and a lot of interesting things happend in the 90es too, if you look around it always does. The interesting new thing now is Kickstart :-) @Charles Middleton III Esperanto is so 19th century. The new troll is Lojban. <url>"simple user" have some very simple interface. Wow, I go to sleep and I miss pages and pages of teh drama. Steam sucks, no you suck, our resident artist giving his final farewell artistically speaking and most importantly MCA now officially on board. I might have to think about taking uppers like in the old days so I don't miss this shit. ;) :p So the next intermediate goal get 2.1 on KS without the PP money. Btw, I think when we get to 2.5 they should throw in Tim Cain. :p Thanks to all for clarifying the International fees. My condolences to those living in Brazil and The Philippines @Jason Darby Very strange, I bought some hardware from China with £200 cost on package and doesn't pay any taxes. Forget all those Operating Systems, you are hearing it here first! IBM OS/2 is the wave of the future! Get on board early! ;) @Juho Salo Right now Linux desktop isn't even different For "simple user" Linux PC it's 100% same with Windows PC: <url>£15... but that was a couple of years ago, so perhaps it was VAT? But i definitely paid for something :D @Sole Song @Juho Salo How Linux is Built: <url>"proto-laptops" already existed before Microsoft. It is true that in the later years Microsoft has developed hardware as well, but mostly it hasn't really stuck. Or when did you last use your wristwatch-computer check how much food you had in the fridge-computer? Linux has a lot of good things going for it. It's the preferred operating system of choice for running large computer constellations (such as the Facebook-servers). For end-users like you or me (who can't code), there isn't much to go for it, other than knowledge that you aren't on the mercy of a company that you don't really like. @Jason Darby In the UK you can buy something up to £600 without any taxes. It depends on the cost of the items, I've ordered stuff from Valve before and it was strange to get a import duty charge. There are different import duty costs depending on which country you're from - UK - <url>"InXile's response: The Doomsday Survival kit will be an actual survival kit full of items such as flashlight, water, foil blanket, first aid kit, etc… all in a Wasteland 2 themed Bag." So for those folks who have to worry about VAT and Duty costs, at any given level, how much extra approximately would you have to pay for physical product?I know you already have to include $15.00 extra for International shipping, I'm just curious how much more you would have to pay. Best guess... @Charles - The only info I have found so far is this: <url>ård This is not spam, but a honest question... tell me what is the god and bad with windows contra Linux. Like I see it, Microsoft and dos-windows is the main reason that you and I have a fantastic PC in ouer lap or on ouer table for a handful of dollars comparativly to what was the trend was in the time before in the data stoneage with IBM and Apple... expencive and closed systems... I can se one use for Linux... to hinder windows and other to grow fat or lazy :-) #Justin Favero Totally agree with u. Next up, 2.5m for a larger wasteland and more story content! Hopefully, we can get 3m at the end so that mod tools will be released :) @Justin - Apparently there is to be another small update today with "Awesomeness" included... Maybe MCA should now put his sig on everything ;) The $250 pledge has now been sold out!! Yeah!!! I know having MCA's sig help that tier a lot. As if it were something bad. I'd never bother to back W2 unless I learned about Double Fine Adventure first. Anyway, 'Kicking It Forward' logo indirectly links to a slew of other projects, so shall we remove it? Links to other games are pretty relevant, especially when someone asks about other projects to back. @AstralWanderer Settle down. You just indirectly linked to a slew of other projects. Tme to eagerly await the next update then. :) Yeah but wanting to see WL KS reach $2.1.. thats when i will be happy :) @Justin there is more than 40K on paypal, yes we reached 2.1 million hours ago @AstralWanderer: thanks for the list at gog. That's something to think of. $2.1M reached? That is once PayPal is added. Ah. Sorry. It was a sort of response to 'what else do I back' - scroll down to 'other games' section and see for yourself (or just check my profile:) All Russian-speaking users can join my attempt to cover what's going on here at <url>"must-donate" varies in meaning from person to person. 6 :) Only 7 autographed 250$ editions left. Somebody, please make a list of kickstarter must-donate game projects. Like: WL2, Larry, Banner Saga, Shadowrun. What else? Happy to support you guys :) pledged for OSX version anyone checked this out yet? <url>"normal" life. Woot :D @David Yup <url>"heavy rain" style, If Chris is awake now, he is probably popping a champagne @Cattleclysm I haven't heard anything about a 3rd game, sadly. It would be perfect for Kickstarter, now that you mention it. @Cattleclysm Before you point out 'those aren't technically point and click' I've got a better example, the Sam and Max episodic games are traditional point and click and very modern, so point and click has been marketable if falling to a smaller and smaller slice of the pie to this day. I expect that to change a bit after DFA and LSL cums again drop. @Sean Any news on Syberia III? T_T For this to match DFA's $3.3 million, we'd need to see pledges exceeding $100,000/day. I just can't see that happening unless someone here notches up a lottery win. $2.5 million (the next target) does seem possible if the recent increase in pledge rates holds up. @Ziv Shamir I did not say Adventure. I said Point and Click Adventure. Please read it before replying to me. The same way there are still RPGs but cRPGs are dead. @Cattleclysm Yeah I realize Syberia II dropped in 2004 but at least there was still a major release for traditional adventure games in the 2000's. There's also the indie effort Penumbra Overture, small budget but still an impressive game on the whole. crpgs on the other hand, I can't think of any. @Cttleclysm adventures games never "died" nor they close to death,there is still great title incoming and some whole companies doing mostly those kind of games. @Sean I view the issue more like the opensource case. It doesn't matter how much we raise anymore because without the publisher middle-man we (the gamers) control the development. As long as we are willing to pay, we will get the games we want. Just as there will always be Linux in the world as long as anyone cares enough to install it... @Rick Don't think we ignored you pal, people probably didn't see your post because of our discussion spam, sorry about that. Anyway, we'll be there to support you and your work @Sean Point & Click Adventure games are pretty much dead. just as much as cRPGs, hell maybe even more(Considering few cRPG titles came out in recent years) Sorry for postig that but because of all the OT Steam and Witcher 2 discussions I couldn't see anyone else noticed ;). This will be great1!!! @Balder Lingegård Yeah, still need to get the KS up to 2.1 mil though, paypal is nice but I want to see a bigger number than DF's kickstarter when this closes out. This game is even more important than DFA because the genre has suffered even worse neglect, and I hope the money reflects that in the end. Nothing negative about DFA, just the adventure game genre still gets some action in the 21st century whereas crpgs don't. Congrats on $2.1M (kickstart + paypal) !!!! Obsidian is officially in! ^_^ v Welcome aboard Chris Avellone !! Counting paypal, we've hit 2.1M$!!! @Zolishoru Also there is no limit to offline mode, you can stay offline as much as you can. @deVoid Studios Oh I can bash the lot of them just as easily. I wouldn't be as adamant though, I draw the line on "Steam is not DRM", which started the arguement. With Chris Avellone on board, I'm hoping for some really memorable recruit-able party members to fight alongside my team of Desert Rangers. I've loved the NPCs in just about every game he's been involved in! @Zolishoru Steam version of Witcher 2 don't have DRM(if you don't count Steam that is), Ubisoft games on Steam have DRM(Ubisoft 3rd party DRM), few other publishers use DRM(Securom etc); but Witcher 2 never had DRM on Steam, it was just Gog.com version with steam and steam achievements. And those pictures of PIPBOY for every character statistic are awesome. Just run the fallout from gog, iddn't play it in a long time :) The interface is little outdated, but character creation, perks etc. is still great, I hope W2 will have at least this good or better character creation and development. GOOD JOB GUYS! We did it! Keep it going, lets see how far we can take this. @Zolishoru I'm still done talking about the DRM arguement, but in answer to your question, it's indefinite for now anyway. I blacklist it with my hosts file, I left it off for over 2 years at one point. @Sean Dude just relax. It's fine to like / dislike something. You don't have to convince everyone that you are the only one in the room who is right. That's how religions started...and we all know nothing good came from that. Now let's bash MS, Apple and consoles. @Pedro: I meant people I can personally point this page at, haha. I used to know a lot of PC gamers, but now most of my friends are console gamers xD @Cattleclysm The gog.com version NEVER had DRM, only the retail(DVD) version had (which I own). Regarding the steam version DRM: I have no idea, and I will never had. One question regarding the steam offline mode: for how long you can use without net connection? 14 days? 30 days? @Erich: but DF's *adventure* fans are mostly PC gamers as well, so it balances out. :) Chris Avellone is a better topic than Steam. @Cattleclysm It's a patch, the disks had DRM, which broke the game for those stupid enough to buy it from somewhere other than parent site gog.com. Including Steam. Keep living in fucking denial, I'm done. @vamp1r0 I've made my point, I'm done talking about this. @Cattleclysm Yes, some people find it much easier to swear than to check links, read posts and do research. Those of us who *do* check things won't every have to put up with nonsense like <url>"A little over a week after its release, The Witcher 2 is getting its first patch, and with it all versions of the game will now be DRM free." It says All versions. Your link, your fail. @Cattleclysm and others steam-talkers: Guys, maybe if you wanna chat about witcher, steam and kittens you will find some other place than just flooding this thread? If you didn't pay attention, we've secured Avallone just now, you know. @Cattleclysm Yes it did. You're wrong. More evidence: <url>"A little over a week after its release, The Witcher 2 is getting its first patch, and with it all versions of the game will now be DRM free." 'All version' @Sean Steam version didn't have DRM(only steam), gog.com version did. It was gog.com version who had problems, that's why even people who hate steam, bought steam version. Stop commenting on pure instict, you're childish. I wouldn't mind beating Double Fine! Sadly, most of the people I know nowadays are console players, not PC gamers. Realizing that made me feel sad, haha @Pedro I'm trying to reach my old pals who owned commodore 64 and tell them about Wasteland 2, that's all I can do since I already doubled my pledge twice :D @Cattleclysm Again, when questioned I cite my sources. <url>"neutral side". Even if Steam doesn't support "bad guys" directly they defenetly not against them (because they give them DRM options). Damn do I love Post-Apocalyptic games. Rather than pour out a diatribe on the second-most-restrictive-DRM-system that some seem to love here, I'll just point to a detailed post I made some time ago about the problems with Steam: <url>#post16810028 I've said before, that I do *hope* InXile offer another distribution channel for their beta, but as long as the final product is available DRM-free, that's what matters. Further discussion would be better done in InXile's forums rather than junking up this thread. OK, Chris and Obsidian is in, bring the beer keg people! and girls... Upped to collectors edition. I think we just hit 2.1 mil boys. In case anybody didn't see yet, gog.com offers free Fallout(works in XP/Vista/WIN7) for a short period of time, go get yours while you still can <url>"Send Message" link above to ask InXile. I asked them a question earlier and they responded really quickly! @ilya feldshteyn I've seen its somewhere that is multiple accounts is the way, but you need to check kickstarter rules anyway. @ilya, make multiple Kickstarter accounts is about the only way to do it, methinks. @Sean Again you're incorrect, I was able to play my games when my ISP cut my internet for maintance. Steam isn't always on DRM, you can go offline mode anytime you want. Valve does not save info unless you want to make buying faster, and you can delete it anytime you want. Valve also does not force Credit Card, if you're so fired up about it, you could just use Paypal and call it a day. Also ESA is just an organization, just because you're member of it doesn't mean you're evil. @Erich Lichnock $1746 to go I think? Not sure if more paypal has come in. Is there a way to make multiple pledges? I want to do another 15 $ pledge as a gift, do I have to make a whole new account? I am f5ing so hard until Chris Avellone is confirmed on the project! -I meant publishers, Valve is both so pardon the confusion. We're at $2,098,769. Almost there. @Cattleclysm I'd say they both came from the same IRC, and there was probably information sharing from the forum hack that lead to the subsequent attack, but that is of course speculation. Either way I've had Steam since 2007 and to this day refuse to give it my cc info, because its always been a joke and always will be. Every time I purchase a boxed retail game and am forced to log into my steam account every time I want to install or play it I get pissed. With that, ESA backing, almost always on DRM, the fucking spam it feeds you and adverts (another deadly sin for payware) Valve and steam are firmly on my shitlist. As are most major developers. Thanks for international digital package @ to all my new friends and observes People - Thank You very much! For all what you say for me. For all feedback's messages and warm words in my adress. For Your support. I heard Andrée Wallin almost finish his first art. My job is done. While Wasteland 2 have no art - i draw pictures with my sense of wastelands. "Tommorow" you will see official art and official point of view on Wasteland 2. And... it's great. I'm not say good bye, because i want finish some works who today be in progress (poster and arts). And i absolutely sure what i can't stop drawing. My heart always open for wastelands and for You. Maybe arts from me come to you less than i'm publish art today. With a slow speed of publication. I will not forget you people. ) And i promiss draw for You and others wasteland lovers in future. P.S. If you want look some of my works or similiar works in game Wasteland 2 - write about it's for Brian Fargo. It was he who makes the decisions. ) P.P.S. When Kickstarter-company is ended i start special site on the net like portfolio. On this site you can see only a post-nuclear worlds. All pices of waste, rusty, wastelands and etc, i bring in that place. For you (laugh). In month i allways will publish at least one or two works. P.P.P.S. Another thank you. I want you all to embrace. See ya! 3k away! @Sean I did not say they're unrelated, I've just said they're to separate attacks to two seperate places. Forum attack came earlier, Steam attack came later. Even methods of attacks are different. Gentleman/Ladies please, can you rather be happy that its 3k away from $2.1mil! @Michael Casavant Congrats! Nice to see that is other projects backers comes to Wasteland 2 too. 42,000 backers! Go to sleep, keep its going everybode. We need to get $3,000,000! Who will be the 42,000th backer! @Cattleclysm I am always serious. If they were unrelated why did they happen near simultaneously? @Sean They're not hosted in same place. It was different attack as Gabe said in it's open letter. Forum & Steam attack was different. Stop posting nonsense, you're too emotional to be taken serious. @Cattleclysm I realize they came out against it, but money talks and bullshit walks, and they haven't fired the ESA. @Cattleclysm But why were they hosted on the same network in the first place? It says in those articles, they initially hacked the forum, which I now understand is what you meant by SPUF, I never used their horrible little forum apparently for good reason. They hacked the forum, escalated across their network to the shit housed in the application platform, and the prized cc info. HOW DOES THAT HAPPEN IF YOU KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT NETWORK SECURITY? @Sean <url>"may" be stolen. The day attack actually happened, Gabe sent every steam user an open letter to immediately change passwords to make things sure. @Cattleclysm Because they have membership in the ESA, which initially lobbied in favor of SOPA and PIPA and ACTA and all these other laws that result in psycho cops kicking down innocent people's doors and shoving their ass to the floor just for the hell of it. That's the connection. They should have dropped support for the ESA, then they would have my respect. @Alec Alley I'm not of some anti-Steam man, but I don't like lie. If somebody says that is Steam is NOT DRM its lie ^_^ @Cattleclysm Game could be official distributed over torrent. Its never will have 0 peer because one of seeds will be a developer server. WoW uses torrent for updates for example. @Sean Also how Megaupload is related to this? Sure, it's against the laws, but that guy probably deserved more for all that scamming he's done since dotcom bubble. @Cattleclysm I don't know what the fuck SPUF is but I cite my sources. <url>"It just does what it does to prevent piracy." Yeah, and I'm sure hauling Kim Dotcom's fat ass to prison was in the name of preventing piracy. Fuck that, fuck Valve and everyone else who buys in to the ESA to keep lobbying up on beating the shit out of people in foreign nations and hauling them to prison for innovating in the field of mass dissemination of information. @Cattleclysm You can never lose your DRM-free copy of game because you can download it from torrent and this version will be fully legal. @Erich All steam does is locking bought game to your account, is that really a negative factor? It's huge positive factor for me, that means I can never lose my bought copy. @Cattleclysm I did the same thing! Left the MMOs to return to the more satisfying single player (and later sharing stories with your friends) experience! It's just an option to save card info* soz typo @GDuff Yeah, lily's just too detailed/intense for me (besides the fact that I think he talks too much). I'd much rather experience things for myself. (Plus, he skipped some part of the actual playing mechanics, which I was struggling with and hoping to find answers for) But he certainly has a great Let's Play if you're into a player who actually roleplays throughout the game in character(s), which is rare to see on the various YouTube Let's Play that I've seen. Quick and fun is more my thing, doesn't hurt that I really like Matt Chat's videos. =D @Sean Don't believe everything you see on SPUF, there are trolls everywhere. Personally my credit card isn't tied to my steam account, you can never tie your credit card in fact, it is just an option. If you're so eager to want a download platform go to: Amazon.com and see if you miss steam or not. Also, SPUF & Steam accounts are completely seperate. @SXX Haha, I understand that. The Steam conversation keeps returning, though! I find the whole thing inconsequential; since we can ostensibly pick our own distribution in the end, I say live and let live. Personally, I'll be getting a copy separate of Steam since I agree with you about how Steam is a form of (soft) DRM. Almost there to (Kickstarter) 2.1m! @SSX I wouldn't say Steam is DRM, it just does what it does to secure against piracy and used games it's just your digital game library, and I'd keep my library inside Steam as much as possible, because it's superior platform service no matter where you look at it. Been using since 2003, I've no regrets. @Jayce Pentad Played WoW for long time(Since Beta), left during Wrath 3.2 patch, then immediately started replaying my good ol' Baldur's Gate collection, then I made a promise to myself, since that day I'm no longer in MMO business, it's waste of time & money really @Cattleclysm I would MUCH prefer steam just act as a download platform rather than the DRM, account-linked-to-a-credit-card bullshit. Also hacking the steam forums allowed someone access to hashed credit card info wtf? How could they let that awful forum sit on the same network as their application client? Valve must have no clue what they're doing to allow this to happen, it's even more pathetic and preventable than Sony's much deserved ass kicking. @Erich Lichnock We all happy to see $2.1 mil and new tiers! I just don't like when people saying wrong things. ^_^ Guild Wars 2 will drag you back :-) Nice, I was a Troll Priest for years, left for good during Wrath. No more MMOs for me for now! Old school RPGs maybe instead? :D @Cattleclysm Steam is DRM, that is fact. I don't care about release with DRM as long as I can get my own DRM free copy. To quote the FAQ: The digital copies will be made available through Steam and other DRM free digital distribution methods. KEYWORDS: "and other DRM free digital distribution methods." Can we stop talking about Steam now? @SSX You can play without patches, actually. It just starts attempting to patch the second the program is installed. You can even install mods or 3rd party patches by dumping the modified files in the application's steam directory. @Cattleclysm UBI would put DRM on just about anything. They would have the manuals attached to DRM servers and the disks disintegrate if the original purchaser attempted to resell them, in gross violation of Ubisoft's intellectual property rights. This is only because they don't have the clout the movie industry has with the democrats and thus can't send US stormtroopers to your house to shoot your children in their beds for running a torrent site. These companies are dinosaurs and have no business existing in a high tech economy. What's DRM? Can I get my copy on 5 1/4 inch floppies? @Jayce I used to play Tauren Warrior YEARS ago, long before Cataclysm shit, that's where the nick comes from. guys,no one forcing you to use steam with this game,its optinal with wasteland 2,fighting about DRM defenation wont do any good,lets go back to the topic, we almost at 2.1 :-) Is a Cattleclysm like a Hell Bovine expansion for WoW? ICWATUDIDTHAR Dream is STM. @ All those claiming Steam is DRM Would YOU prefer steam not to add games to your account but only act as downloader? Seriously people. Get lost. $3564 to Obsidian Status! @silver - pretty sure i didn't link a youtube walk through, HOWEVER- the lily walk through is far superior (and way more tedious and detailed) than MattChat. <url>"You need to support Wasteland 2..." or, "But just think, your very own NPC in the world...!" After some serious discussion with my better half, she gave her blessing. Just upped my pledge, and damn does it feel good! Let's get this done! Just finished watching the 1st Double-fine video, and am filled with regret over not pledging more. I assuaged said regret by upping my Wasteland 2 pledge to $150.00. 8.3k until Chris and Obsidian, heheh awesome! Upped my pledge for second time "This paragraph can be reached from no place in the whole adventure. We know who you are, and we will get you for reading this paragraph. Expect it most when you expect it least." I'm still waiting. @Kevin - <url>"zany" shenanigans later on. So, I haven't played the original in nearly 25 years. Is there any place to purchase the original? While I still have my Commodore 64, I'm going to guess that those floppies did not survive the test of time. I checked gog.com, but they don't have it. If they don't have it, I'm at a loss. I haven't felt this impatient for something since I was a kid. On Christmas Eve. Only 11k to MCA! Can't wait @Erich Lichnock Yep, exactly. I think that those developing major retro projects now (and you know they're out there) should wait for the current batch to close funding or risk not getting funded because of over saturation of the relatively niche kickstarter market. @Sean, I hear you about funding all the different games out there. A part of me wishes some of the developers would stagger their campaigns just so I could get a pay check between pledges! Right now, the sheer amount of money to be spent in April alone on all of these is what holds me back from other projects. I'm stuck at $150 and have been for awhile. I'd like to go to $250 but autographed copies don't make for that big of a difference and now I've got to throw $100 or more at a Leisure Suit Larry game. Oh, man, I do want Novella part 2 but I also want those physical goods, and I can't move to the $75 (+$15) tier :( Ah...I can taste the 2.1 million now... @TrueStoryGuy Adding Chris Avellone's signature.. who could resist? Upgraded to the $55 level! Thanks for adding that, I had wanted the stuff in the $75 pledge (I enjoy Stackpole's writing quite a bit I, Jedi is a great book. Thanks for this new level, I'm thrilled to have MCA on board too, this is turning into a dream team of guys making the kind of game that I thought we'd never see again outside of our dreams. Haha, hear, hear. If it's gravy that means Chris is officially on board, then it's the best f***ing gravy in the whole damn universe. :p @Richard: It's still more impressive when the Kickstarter reflects 2.1M. Paypal is just gravy, haha. There's $40k on paypal, so only 18k to go! @T.J. Paypal total is at 40k. You can check it here: <url>"I donated for DEVELOPMENT not cardboard!" If you don't want anything but the game you can donate any amount and only accept the lowest level pledge reward, after all -- then the maximum percentage of your own donation goes toward development. Or accept no reward at all and just donate -- purchase the game when it comes out to get a copy! : ) If you only want to support development and don't care about the rewards, choose the $15 reward and change the amount to any higher value (e.g. $200). Simple. Um, novellas? Art books?? This is not what I donated for..I donated for DEVELOPMENT which is what every dime is supposed to go towards. When I start seeing devs talking about that same tie-in garbage that every other title has that *nobody* buys, I get really antsy. @Richard Blackrose Hm... perhaps your tongue is sharper then your teeth :-) not so old that old age has set in I see @Stefan Rotenberg and anyone else with the same concerns - see this post from InXile in a thread on this subject over on the Wasteland 2 forum - <url>#p13345 Basically what has been said so far is that they can't ship as gifts because this can cause legal issues with some countries but what they are probably going to do is only put the customs value of the actual physical products sent on the package. Yep, I think the Cracked article that was posted today definitely helped. It's had 205,559 views as of a moment ago... gotta love it! Wow, I dont know what just happen, but rate speed up drastically. it money will keep flowing in at this rate I almost can see how DFA is left behind in our rear mirror! @Erich, Stefan You should write a letter to inXile via kickstarter about this issue, they are answering to everyone and this could help others too if inXile would make some official statement about this situation. @Ryan: I completely agree about a sequel to Anachronox. I wanna see what happens to Sly after the final battle!!! Almost at 2.1 Million for Obsidian! Keep it up guys! Really looking forward to this! @cropper Simcity is already funded and in the final stages of development/production so you won't see it on kickstarter but you will see it in stores this year (I think). As I live in the Philippines, what Stefan says holds true for me as well. I did not think of it that way before, but he is correct -- these are gifts, not products. The money spent is for development, not products, something else this Kickstarter idea changes entirely. What interesting times we live in. Update #9 has made me realize a few things I'm concerned about. I live in Brazil and I've chosen the $150 package (+$15 for shipping) . I would like to say, though, that I am not BUYING $150 worth of products. My $150 are for FUNDING the game. My rewards for doing so are exactly that: rewards. I ask you not to ship my goods as if they were products I BOUGHT, for that would inccur in (in my case) a 60+% tax over the $165 I've already paid. Rather, I ask you, please, to ship my rewards as GIFTS, or a similar tax-free label. Thank you. @Kenneth I hop they have some cool plans for the final hours.. except that will be at 6am for me :/ Dear god (Odin, FSM, Zeus...I dont care which) May Kickstarter revive more classic and awesome RPGs like Anachronox, Arcanum, Legacy of the Ancients, etc. Amen Burnt sacrifice to follow. @cropper, the good news is that EA have announced SimCity 5. . The bad news is that *EA* have announced SimCity 5. now we just need a Simcity kickstarter project and my life will be complete. Any plans on live streaming the final hours of this, as Double Fine did? You should. @Sole Song As a great man, (Santa Claus), once said in a great movie, (Miracle On 34th Street, the original, not the remake), as old as my tongue and a little bit older than my teeth. :p What game would I like to give a kick to a new life... Elite and Ja2 for shure. Ja2w is on my PC ready all the time, can play it again and again. If Elite had been windows OPS, it would have been on my pc too. We need to finish the summoning spell... Almost there I think I see Chris coming from the portal! This kickstart thing can be used for many prosject, we havent seen it real potantial yet. Yesterday I pledged for a kickstart to give old SF books a new life in this digital age. More exotic ideas will pop up. I cant speak for everybody, but the last panel of this CAD comic pretty much sums up my feelings. <url>™ because I seen link in comments. Its really hard to read information about each project because kickstarter doesn't have useful filters or search When better version of kickstarter out I sure we'll get something like "releated projects" or "recommended projects" here. @Aaron I'm pretty sure the surge was mostly due to this article posted today: <url>"If" you count papypal? Of course you count paypal. So there is only aprox 30000 to 2.1, not 70000. The magic number for Chris here will be right around 2,060000. 70.000 left to go for Chris! And even less if you count in the Paypal backers! YES! I wonder how many people are coming from supporting Shadowrun to support Wasteland 2? Huge boost here the last couple days. I'm betting the update helped, and being close to/hitting 2 million and shooting for 2.1 are all helping. But, I've seen a lot of people saying they have just joined kickstarter for Shadowrun. So how bout it, is anyone here because they came for Shadowrun, and are now backing Wasteland 2 as well? Hei! 10 houer ago it was 1,982 and I guessed that 2 mill would be passed in 3-6 houer. Now, 10 houer later it is 2,029, so I was right. Fun to be right from time to time... wight up the wrongs :-) @Anton Read the Kickstarter community guidelines. <url>"I'm" forgot??? God I hate not being able to edit. :p @Kemikai (I hope :p) Oh, thank God, I thought I was having an acid flashback. I see colors, I see colors... Er, no, wait, I'm okay, I'm forgot I was just looking at the ME 3 endings. ;) :p This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. @Richard Blackrose: Shhh, I changed it as soon as I realized my name would be made public. I like my anonymity. ;] I realy Love to see Obsidian :-) " Perhaps KickStarter should create a KickStarter project for site changes!" lol :p @Nathan Grass, spam from my Lsl1 remake post :), "@Robert Tatum , with the 5% KickStarter is earning of these big projects they should add, editor, polls, spam filters, report function, insert videos, etc :) Perhaps KickStarter should create a KickStarter project for site changes!" @Anton - Spamming multiple other projects is not cool. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Er, I mean, @ Kemikal. I could swear the post said Greta a second ago. Never should have taken all that acid back in the day. :p @Greta That's not your cynicism talking, that's Satan whispering in your ear, er, or EA, same thing. :p Might just be my cynicism talking but... imagine the irony if this game turns out to be a total flop. Playing Fallout now cause it's free on gog.com. CAN'T WAIT!! Proud to have backed this... Upped to $50. I can't resist a box :) DF had almost 90 000 backers, Wasteland 2 now have little over 40 000 thats almost half the numbers DF got @Mike Thanks for the warning! Cracked readers run to support :). Me included. <url>~ a day for 11 days. That's pretty much impossible, though 2.5m is considerable. Although Wasteland 2 will have no DRM, I think you guys COULD release a mod kit post-release. You're going to be selling this game, so you will get additional funds after it has been released. I know it technically doesn't make "business sense" to commit to a mod kit after the game has been released - but it would help build more momentum, to show your followers that not only can you deliver a quality game through kickstarter, but you can deliver a full and complex, complete quality product as well. This would make future projects more successful. Anyway, it's something to think about. I'm not so sure Wasteland 2 will need a modding kit, the base game might be great enough not to warrant it. Often, RPG players request modding tools in order to fix mistakes made by developers (looking at you Bethesda) or to make deeper gameplay experiences (like how NWN2 did it). Looking forward to more updates. Please keep us informed on developments. Always nice to hear what's going on. So we have about $52,000 to go until we reach 2.1m... yeah! PayPal passes 39000. 2 mill ans still climbing! Brian Fargo and Chris Avellone in twitter: <url>#16/e=1f7176 List of active polls: <url>"Fallout for FREE for everyone for next 48 hours" <url>"award" shipped to Sweden . I am sure you will get Avellone and Obsidian on the project :) Oh fuck yeah! I bet we'll finish close to 3 million. I believe in last days surge. About 2,040,000 all in so far. I think with the paypal stuff mentioned before this puts us pretty much at 2.1 doesn't it? 2 001 010 - Yeah!Yeah!Yeah!Yeah! Lookin' good!! congrats on 2 mil guys. $2.1 mil here we come! @Jason Darby Original is available on Abandonia.com Just upped my donation to $1K, I think I was the one to take it over $2MM :) Look at that. We're already up to 2.04. Nice. 62k to 2.1 mil and officially welcoming Chris into the fold. I never played the original, so i do hope somehow there is a chance that it becomes available on gog etc.. would be cool. I did watch a video of it on youtube, and it looked great. Yay! 2m$! \o/ Hooray and congratulations on $2 million! :fuckyea: $2. million, yay! *+ paypal donations on top of course* OMG $2M .... nice Congratulations for hitting the $2 Mill!!! 2 mill :-) 2M!!! woot! there it is! Technically we're already past the 2 million mark with the paypal donations taken into account, but yeah - still waiting for it to hit that fairly arbitrary milestone :) I'm also watching! ^^ Good thing this is a work computer, so when I break F5 I wont be upset. @rockbender Yeah, me too :) How many other folks are watching it creep closer to $2 million right now? So close!!! I know Paypal already has us over 2 mil, but its still fun to see it change here! I'm in, Can't wait to see what happens, Fallout 3 and NEw Vegas is my fav, I wont lie, But I want to see a updated version of the original dream. Good luck guys Upped the pledge to $250... we're getting closer and closer to $2 million! well,with good push,it can be around 500k per day towards the end,near the end of DF project,,most people didn't though it will add another million in the last few days,I hope semilier thing will happen here. @Ziv, haha, yeah I see what you mean. $2.5 would be cool also. But i wonder how much it will increase towards the end of the project. @Jason,2.1? it's less fun now,we are pretty much their,the 2.5-3 goal sound more of a meat challenge. C'mon $2.1, all these amazingly talented people working on a game without publisher interferance? Yes please! I cannot imagine the awesome that will result. @Ray, i did check your comments first, you also spammed the FTL comments ;) Anyway, lets get back to talking about wasteland!!!! $2.1 without paypal by End of Play Sunday? @Jason Precisely. Deadlines are important, :). News just in....Ahmed hakbud son of a multi billionaire sheikh who has been in a coma since 1988 soon after completing the first wasteland has come out of his coma. The family have tried everything to pull him out of the coma which nothing seemed to worked but what seems to have worked this time his that a tv that was in is room ...he recalls an article about kickstarter and wasteland 2 that brought him round and out of his coma...... his farther is overjoyed and has offered to back the program with a pledge of $8,000,000 ..How goods that... come on,2.1 by tomorrow :-) @Jason Is one post a spam now? Could I have been more polite? Is this not a community? I'm a Wasteland 2 supporter as well. I know we've already hit it, but getting 2 mil natural is still nice! @Cattleclysm Well, the line was always there @ $3M, but I made it more obvious :-) <url>"only" 2.5-2.7 Ok, had to go from $100 to $250 before it sells out. :) Brian quite likely has enough savings to live off of until this game hits the market and he can live off that money. It's pretty standard for start ups to operate that way. Didn't Brian's first video state something about personally not taking any income from the Kickstarter money? @Erich, why are you concerned where he gets paid from? I don't see that as an issue. Basically everyone who pledges $15 or more gets the game, which would in all likelihood cost more than that new. So people start complaining that its above the goal, but what they seem to forget is that *US* the game players are getting something a lot cheaper than we would normally, by investing early. If people keep funding they want the game for $15, they are getting bargin. Happy to give Brian. On the odd chance you read this, thank you for defining what great gaming is. You're a legend sir and glad you're bringing back something we can all root for! PS: Need a SDLC PM? :) There seems to be a spike in the pledges. I wonder if this has anything to do with it: <url>#1, but the whole article is a fun read. This user's account has been deleted. The one problem with funding staying open is that Brian Fargo needs to draw a salary from somewhere. It'll have to come from everyone after us since none of what we've put in so far is going to him. So close now :) nearly 2.0 million and its just quite a lot in the last hour. I read that inXile have already done a years worth of work on the game before the kickstarter came along - would love to know some more detail about what has already been done? PayPal can still be open Funding should stay open because as more news info about the game's production go's out there original wasteland peeps that missed to back then get the opportunity to back it... Yes i stated this before that the news of this needs to get out there....peeps out there that still don't know about this that played the original and would love to back this...... Devon, welcome aboard. I think you highlight a real problem that's keeping us from $3M+. People still don't know about it. Upped my pledge to $250. Having the autographs is going to be awesome, but helping reach $2.1 Million and beyond is much more worth it for me. Now to help pay for my pledge, does anyone know how much I can sell my blood for?!! ;) Tell your friends, Devon! Just found out about this. Do want. October 2013 can't come soon enough. I think we might get some official design pics soon. Brian Fargo tweeted, that they are doing official design pics of the rangers already. Brian needs to post an update worth getting excited about. ART. MUSIC/ VIDEO. While I liked F3 myself, it is true that the game world was full of missed opportunities. As a whole the game would have benefitted from more polishing. The pledged money... last I was in, for a houer ago, it was 1,976,xxx, now 1,982,xxx... 6000 in an houer and it is easter holyday. Good... let us guess 2 mill in 3-6 houers :-) @Rick Yes!! That is really awesome! Hmm, should I change my desktop wallpaper from the one with the man and the dog walking on the blue desert to this? Thanks for posting all these great and inspirational pictures :] When i saw first concepts Fallout 3... i'm dreamed about Rivet-City. Real giant aircraft carrier. Big city... full of stories and details. In the game he was smaller. Much less of my dreams. But i allways remember my dreams about cities on the water. My city is compact. But... i hope on feelings. Always. Exploration and Feelings. <url>ørealpene? <email> @Konstantin Zhukov @Cattleclysm @Stargazer and all who give me force. ) Oh... so much praise for me. I'm spoiled (laugh). I made today another one sketch. No guns, no firefight - only emotion and feelings of wastelands. Give me 3 or 4 hours and i finish that. ) I have long time ago must start draw environments, but draw too many people. It is necessary to correct the situation. ) And... than You. To all of you. @Rick Nice sketch. Might fit nicely into WL2 setting. @Rick You're brilliant pal, your art looks amazing, don't let negative feedback of some odd guy let you down, crushing majority appreciates what you do Rick: I for one have absolutely loved the art you have made. You are a very talented man. In fact, I wouldn't mind of InXile had you make the official poster for Wasteland 2. :-) @all I see in the net many feedbacks about my work. Some people told - "good", some - "bad". People. It's not a Wasteland 2. It's a vision of Wasteland 2 by one man. Just a painter. Painter who look at wastelands by myself. To my taste. Brian Fargo know how be look Wasteland 2. Don't worry about that. <url>`s good that money will go directly to developers and not all this "developing machine" that`s feeding us with repetitive games. BIG THANK YOU ! @Matthew W Reynolds: Agreed, kickstarter for PS:T successor is a must. @Rick: Thanks for the update. I hope it goes well but either way you have a great attitude about it. Personally for me no matter what the final product looks like I will be filtering it through a lot of what you shared here! Thanks again. @Randy Warren Yes. People who's i know told me about "leak process". I mean that art went to the net and uses like official art in the interview, presentation and on different fan-sites. It's good for me. But i have no progress in case inXile. I have no news, no comments about art from the official representatives. It's a bad for me (laugh) But i'm not lost hope. I think it's a like a job. While Kickstarter Company continue work - i paint and create other stuff what be people looks at that as funny entertainment. After that... i think i go back to my real work and be waiting news from the inXile or Brian Fargo. If i have no news - it's a life, and sometimes life looks like shit. Another words - shit happens (smile). If have a good news - i must be glad. And off course i tell about that on my FB page and in my blog. Nice Donnie! If everyone does that, the average amount donated will go up to $50 and we will have another $40,000.. :P added $1 so now its 251. we are pretty much on the safe road for 2.1 million,2.5-3 is what I'm more hoping now Wow! Getting close now. Once they finish this game they can get another kick starter project going for a sequel to Planescape: Torment... A guy can dream can't he... @Rick, I am seeing some of your images popping up on game boards that are talking about this project. Looks like good exposure. Any conversations yet with InXile about using any of your work or ideas? just $100,000 more for Chris to join in @Raith_Sienar Whoa calm down - it's very likely that they'll be using Obsidian's tools to create the game. Do you really want more of Obsidian's code released into the wild? :) @SiriusTexra No problem. No offence. ) I listen many different opinions about my works. Do you have an opinion. I own. And by the way, this is not the Zbrush. It's Mudbox. Zbrush and Mudbox have a different renders. People who working with that tools see the difference immediately. But you do not know about that, so do not worry. Just if you want to engage in dialogue as it is necessary to know at least two programs of sculpting. ) As you know Fallout isometric too. But have a "speaking heads". More over content like this may used in presentation scenes and etc, if this content may be used in big scenes, art, posters, stilization art & etc.. I know that many players like a steel aunts with a silicone boobs . Pumped peppers as mans & etc. But I'm not one of those players. I am interested in the different characters. Thick, thin, fat, and not very good, beautiful and ugly. And... thank You for feedback. ) Very constructive. Ah it's like the Eighties are coming back thanks to Wasteland 2: Electric Boogaloo @Joshua Thank you for helping us get the game we want, even if it might not be your cup of tea. It's great to see Kick It Forward get so much support. Rick no offense, but your art, for both this merchant and the ranger look the same. Those zbrush models look almost alike, like as if you just re sculpted the same basemesh. They're also fairly uninspired and derivative. Fat dude without a fat neck with a bauble nose, some stubble and a cap. I hope for the games sake your not doing any character stuff, and I mean that in a constructive way. Study characters and facial features a bit more and come back, to be honest. Not everyone has to be the same 40 year old double chin guy with over the top mountains of skin fold on their heads. But then again, the games isometric so face details probably a dead end. You should really be focusing your time on the whole character and it's silhouette, not just a head. That I think would impress people more and also be more useful to the games mission. @Randy Warren I try make a steps in this direction. Made colorit characters. With a story and emotions. I was too young to play the original Wasteland, and I admit that the game itself may not be my cup of tea (though I have no doubt that the finished product will be excellent), but I really wanted to show my support for the inspired Kick it Forward idea, especially since I have seen other projects beginning to use it. Best of luck on reaching the goals and I look forward to playing the game. @Randy Warren I like last games of ID Software "Rage". And i very like character-artist on this project. He made a beautiful models. By the way he too russian. Him models with a good m-m-m... i don't know how say that. With a good emotional style. Interesting. Realistc. No plastic muscle. Real people with real problems. And i think it's a good way to made interesting characters. @Randy Warren Another one character. Like a merchant Character research - Merchant - Main model <url>"Went to this "hole" and make this". I give directions by myself (laugh). At this night i say me... You must make a cool ranger. Move out. And... i'm going down do it. ) @Raith_Seinar Pulling what? They never once promised mod tools. What are they pulling, saying that they are probably looking to do mod tools but if they read a certain goal they "promise" it? Mod tools released for consumer use are different animals than what the developers themselves use. You need to take a deep breath and consider what the word "entitlement" means in regards to people who complain about things they thing they are owed. Are you guys SERIOUSLY trying to pull this bullshit that you need 3,000,000 for fucking Mod tools? How about you just release THE FUCKING TOOLS YOU MADE THE GAME WITH? @Randy Warren Good morning Randy! ) I have a some skills. If you interested may look on my portfolio - <url>"specialist". In Russia people know as "universal". It's a nickname for these people. Who may support work on the different directions. If in work process happened "hole" CEO or something like CEO throw us on the problem of this segment. Only two things i dont do it. Rigging and 3D-animation. But... it's a question of time. Guns, characters, vehicles, interfaces, concept, art's, little games - all you need. All in one. Like in TV-advertise. I would totally be up for some T-shirtage. 1. It'd be cool. 2. I'm down for any extra incentive to help us get to 3M! Woot! I'm a backer now... Come on Brian... Put my faith back in gaming! Really hope it makes the 3million mark @Rick: Wonderful as always! Did not know you did 3d modeling too!!! @Darren & @JohnWest. Totally agree, would love to see a t-shirt option in maybe the $75 tier!! @Darren You're right, a t-shirt tier would give this project a big boost. I think alot of us would pay more for one. I think they should add it to the $75 tier; it's a bit anaemic at the moment. $100k to Obsidian status, then onward and upward! Awesome! We broke through 40k backers and $2m pledged! Let's see how far we can take this thing! Kickstarter+PayPal=$2,000,034 at this moment I jumped on board. Woulda given more but no T-Shirt option :( Hello guys. It's me again. ) I'm take some time on the models. Want present for You ranger character research. Character research - Ranger - Main model <url>"But it's so much nicer when that big number rolls over on here!" Can't argue with that :D, but 2 mil is 2 mil even if it ain't all represented on the big board and... BOOM, there it is, TWO MILLION! Next stop 2.1. Had to up my pledge. Brian Fargo would do the same for us if WE changed the face of storytelling in video games! I'd rather not have Wasteland re-released by EA since I believe our best response to EA's continuing **** is to withhold capital. As much as I love that old game, I want none of that love translated into dirty money for EA. Probably going to back Shadowrun as well now but don't forget about the Leisure Suit Larry remake, it also needs some love <url>"on kickstarter" actually, but I got distracted. If you include Paypal, at the current average of $49 per backer we only need 2068 more backers, or 102,232 to hit 2.1 million. So we're about $100k off, if we don't make it, maybe Mr. Fargo will pitch in the rest, like he said he would if the game didn't reach $900k. To reiterate when the KS total hits 1,963, plus a couple of hundred, with the almost 37000 in PP money we'll be at 2 million. @ Aaron What are you talking about, we're only a little more than 2000 dollars away from 2 million. Sheesh, everybody forgets the paypal money. :p If everybody donates just $1 more dollar, we will be at $2 million and have a $50 average! 40,000 backers!!! @Alex Bayne Thanks for posting about the Shadowrun Returns kickstarter project... try and stop me laying down money for that! I do agree, there is a reason why kickstarter works, i think people are tried of getting, boring, unimaginative companies who milk their boring franchies year after year. Seriously EA, the morons who ruined Red Alert? lets take away basebuilding and resource harvesting WTF?. THe morons that have the Dungeon keeper licens and does squat with it ?. No no no. lets try not to get big dumb companies involved. :) 40K good buddy! 39,999 backers and counting.. @JJ As much as I would like to see a re-release of Wasteland, I would argue no reward or incentive is worth getting EA involved in any part of this. That would be handing them credit and positive press that they absolutely do not deserve considering the way they have treated their customers over these last couple decades. EA is the boil-infested sewer leech of the gaming world and I want to use Kickstarter to smash their greedy asses into the dirt, not to give them a long-lost chance at redemption. They've got a LOT more work to do before they earn that opportunity. @JJ Both succinct and accurate. :P On a happier note we're only a little more than 3k away from 2 mil and are about to pass 40k in backers. :D Rat Bastards EA doesn't give a rat's ass about good will. They were just voted the worst company in America on The Consumerist yearly poll (250K voting) <url>"may," gave me. :p The video that Mr Fargo made its incredible. It exactly how i felt in the last 7 years. Cant wait for the game, good luck and bring back the classic creativity and innovation of PC Gaming. @Nigel, MAC and LINUX promised at 1.5 Million. @Alex Lard I meant last day push, not the total Sooo PC and MAC the only confirmed platforms at the moment? @Eric Jiardina thy for the link. I am one of the gamer that dont bys EA Games anymore. Masseffekt Series are the only games i brougt in the past year' from EA. and to be honest i think ther is a change with all this kickstarter games, the gamers kick back :-)! Funding usually skyrockets at near the end of the Kickstarter. $2.5M is almost a certainty and $3M is still possible. Of course, new announcements about the project can also increase the rate of growth, like the latest announcement just did, and the Chris Avellone announcement did a few days ago. @Cattleclysm 3.3Mil I think How high was Double Fine push in last day? Maybe we can compare We'll I've raised my pledge, not because of the latest update, Just been something that has been on the back of my head since day one, now my mind is at ease... But regarding the update, it would be nice to hit the 3 mil. mark, but some how seems unlikely, And i'm sure Brian knows it, he's just putting it out there, on the slim chance... BUT I do hope we make the 2.5 mil mark... @Richard Well, i'm pretty sure Brian will come out with some kind of surprise in the final days. Maybe some concept art? If the media push it, everything should be possible, even beyond 3 mil. Less than 14k to 2 mil. hopefully,a good push in the last days :-),I want another 3 million project now I desperately want this to hit 3 mil I'm very excited- the computer RPG is something I really miss. The humor found in fallout and baldur's gate is just... lacking from games today @Konstantin I have to disagree, 2.5 seems well within the realm of possibility... On the other hand, 3 million may be pushing it. 2.5M for more team members 3M for mod tools <url>"Jackie Doesn't want to trade" "...fine, red mist" and "rips a clip". If you do that I'll be happy. come on people, we need to reach those 2.1 millions asap ! @mindx2, i would think there will be many many more projects coming online over the next week or two, so probably it won't thin out any time soon. But i suppose it doesn't matter, as long as there is a will be the users to pay for them, as soon as there are too many then they won't get funded, so its important for companies to ensure they spread themselves out a bit and not all now try and jump on the bandwagon. I also wish they would have spread these project out. But most of these are projects I really want so my backed projects will soon be up to 7. I will be really mad if ANY of these project throw in the towel. But I will be happy if at least one of these dead genres comes back under the Kickstarter/Customer Funded models. @Jason Darby - Yeah, I thought that as well. However, once this initial influx of developers has finished their Kickstarter the field should thin out while everyone is making the actual games :) While I only donated $15 I expect my persona to be used as one of the main protagonists. At the moment Wasteland is the only game i am going to pledge money for, for the moment. Way too many projects now jumping up onto Kickstarter. Some of which i am not convinced about the numbers they have given and the timeframes for development. I think they should try and spread them out a bit, but i think everyone is rushing to get their project online before there are tens/hundreds of them and they dilute the funding process. So for me, Wasteland 2 is it for now. others i will be interested in will have to wait until i have the funds, or until its something that really looks like the real deal. There is other interesting project which just started: <url>#16/e=1f7176 List of active polls: <url>"BIG PUBLISHERS" who apparently find that kind of games unprofitable ! It's been more than 2 years since I last bought a game ,and at this point publishers have lost only by me ,more than 900$ in total from the games I back already! If we count how many each and every one of us backs in total, that's a HUGE amount, and I think it could make publishers became "a little anxious". You know,as I sit here with my Ron Paul shirt on,I can't help but compare the devotion and sensibility of this project and its roots in good old fashioned American Knowhow.Ron Paul reminds me of What John Henry Eden could have been ,were he not a preprogrammed robot like so many of the other hacks out there today.And the 3 dog,fighting the good fight ...reminds of of Alex Jones,because he fights the good fight every day,deep from the center of a D.C hellhole.They both remind me of how awesome this game is gonna be,I'm sad my mother got sick at the same time as my dad,or I would be upping from my $250 pledge right now. Yes, but at the same time it feels like people are trying to feed off from Nostalgia. Which is apparently a very profitable force. I also do not like cross project kickbegging that seems to go on. Feels weird. I feel that right now everybody wants a slice of the cake, but then again every project has different needs and deadlines. So next time they ask for a kickstarter they will fall more evenly thru the year since everyone has a different cycle of development. For example: DFA is a year, Wasteland 2, a year and a half. Larry is 6 months... It´s just that now everybody is hungry to make games and these old developers from yore deserve the chance. These guys are not infinite and once they get to work on something, Kickstarter will be a lonelier place for a while. But I don´t think is a fad, because I know drug dealers are not a fad either. Everybody needs their fix and us gamers were starving for games like these for more than a decade. People trying to "milk us" before "the hype dies" is the sure way to kill the hype fast. :p @ Stargazer, I agree with you.Plus I think that projects multiply at this point, because developers already had the idea ready, but didn't know if people want such games back. Thanks to publishers that fill us up to the neck with crap.Seeing that WASTELAND 2,DFA and many more projects getting backed, they realize that creating a new old goodie school game is not so crazy after all. Peoples Vote! Marc: I'm not so sure. There are a lot of gamers out there, some more capable than others, some more interested in this, others more into that. A project over here can have a knock-on effect on a project over there. I actually think we can do this. i mean, we can't all finance every single project on this website, but we can pick the ones we are interested in, and help spread the word about the rest. I do agree that some spacing could be nice. Especially for us heavy backers. Time will tell if this works out. ^.^ Mike, I tink so to Kickstarter is hot right now, that may be why everyone is jumping in. Just on one gaming site, I am seeing Kickstarter projects being covered every couple days for the last few weeks. It may be that people are hoping to get in and get their funding now before the hype dies down as it most likely will. @Marc Holmes, you are right. By jumping into the "Kickstarter Bandwagon" at the same time can only lead to less money for them. I am loving that every one trying to make a high quality games Wasteland, FTL, doublefine, Banner Saga, Shadow Run, Larry, etc but seriously thats all in the last 2 months cant Devs spread there games out other wise how are we suppose to back them!! Kickstarter is realy addictive. after being initiated by wasteland 2 and backing the banner saga i am realy tempted by shadowrun... :) Be sure and check out the Shadowrun RPG for PC that just hit Kickstarter! They're kicking back too. My two favorite things from my youth coming back. Wasteland and Shadowrun :) I never felt so excited spending money on something that doesn't exist yet! A Linux release? OK! Here's my money! <url>"Traditionally, the Poo has been delivered on its little red pillow. But this year, we'll give EA three different color options for its pillow, though in the end it's still the same old Poo." :p Now back to our regularly scheduled programming. @ catt thx Dangit, people, stop posting great Kickstarter projects! J/K - keep them coming! <url>"guiding" for the top projects Stop posting links, going to have no money left for eating if this continues=). <url>´s that seems to have found a new life on Kickstarter=). Thanks for the feedback! I think I will go the Paypal route for future contributions. Are those funds being included on the Kickstarter number for pledges? I just made a pledge to both Shadow Run and LSL. I hope to find another job soon before the wife finds out :-p @Ross Jensen I think you could also donate several time using the paypal website. @Ross, most projects let you pledge any amount and message the project founders and tell them you want any combination of rewards. A Lets' Play video series on the original Wasteland, for those who are too young to remember, or those who just want a refresher course: <url>"Hi, my name is, (your name goes here), and it's been three days since I've pledged a KickStarter project." :p Backing up the Shadowrun KS project at <url>"Bad but can live with it" (which doesn't include Steamworks) to "OMFGBBQ". Please take a look at Shadowrun Returns Kickstarter Project Jordan Weisman, the creator of Shadowrun, is back and Shadowrun Returns (for Apple & Android tablets and PCs) is the game that Shadowrun fans have been waiting for a long time. A graphically rich 2D turn-based single player game with deep story interaction, meaningful character development, and highly-contextual tactical combat, Shadowrun Returns is not only going to make some old geeks (like us) very happy but it will introduce new players to a dynamic gaming universe that is beloved around the world. <url>"hate" it, as long as I have the choice to use it, or not. And about this cloud-future, maybe we are here, funding Wasteland, to change a little bit what big publishers define as "future". @Matthew Farmery Sorry, but there *is* something that we can do about locked-down content (next-gen consoles, Steam, Origin, etc) and that is to boycott it. Steam itself being "activate-on-play" is the second most restrictive DRM system (only the always-connected DRM of Ubisoft and Activision/Blizzard is more constraining) but the most dangerous part is that your Steam collection is completely at Valve's mercy, they can whip it away from you in an instant (and there are tens of thousands of cases reported of them doing so). This *also* means they can screw over existing subscribers by imposing an annual or even monthly fee - $5/month across 35 million accounts means nearly $1.7 *billion* extra income per year, assuming that "only" 80% accept. Provision for this has been made in Steam's EULA, section 4B. This being a DRM-free release was a key aspect for my support (and ditto with other KS projects) - while I have spent lots with GOG (and other DRM-free vendors), having W2 DRM-free from the source is best in my view. I do hope InXile offer the beta outside of Steam, but as long as the final product is DRM-free, I'm not too bothered. I never had a problem with steam or its resources, there is an article about the next gen consoles, which will be online only, and you will only be able to buy games direct from the online store <url>"... but make sure the wife does not catch you!!!..." © (laugh) It's all right. Thank you. I conveyed Your's greetings. Birthday behind. And... now i need to sleep. But after that... i continue my work! What you think about new "Highwayman"? (Today i work on design of post-nuclear car for desert rangers. My design based on Plymouth Fury 1959-th year. At this moment i finish only 35-40% of model. Hard work when need to make auto design quick). Nice job Rick but make sure the wife does not catch you!!! Rick, very cool. Been very impressed with everything you've posted. "Chris and Brian", the new and hot western! <url>"gamers game fanboys hate" if you have a problem with Steam stop using it. Hopefully Easter weekend (Current & previously Christian countrys) does not decrease the funding to much or make one rescind or lower their bid due to finances being spent over the 4 day break. Long live the old school gamer! When I want to play single-player Total War Shogun 2 Steam insists I log on. After the game launches, if I try to log off of Steam it tells me I must first exit my game. Piece of bloated crap. I don't need it. This is awesome...1.9 million! You guys are going to hit 2.8 - 3 million no problem at this rate!! I just pledged :) I really hope this hits $2.1 million so the Obsidian guys can help out! Okay, less than $200k to go guys. I think at this rate, without major slowdowns we'll be there. I'm thinking in the $2.7-2.8 area when the time runs out. i aint rich enough to get my name in the game. allthough i have been a gamer for almost 30 years (started around the vic 20 ;) and loved every second of it, and Brian Fargo and his team´s games have taken most of that time. So if someone can bring me back to my childhood for 1-2 days it will be him and it will be worth every cent i really couldent spare :) raised to 90$ Just read the posted interview and I have to say I'm appalled, yet not surprised, at some of the things the publishers pull. Here's hoping the game hits $2.1 million and the Obsidian guys can help out with the story. Increased my pledge by another $20 up to the boxed copy tier. Oh, and if someone can confirm for me that the $500 bug out bag will include a tin lunchbox, I am so buying it for my lunchbox collection. Steam is a good guy by comparison to certain publishers and their draconian DRM. But only if you don't live in Europe. Personally, I like GOG and Gamersgate more, but I don't have an aversion to Steam. @Ray Hirsch I am with you. I don't understand why people praise Steam as being the "good guy" out of all of the DRM schemes available. Their client is bloated and looks out of place on a desktop and verification of local caches is buggy, leading to (in my experience) Steam re-downloading the same files over and over. What a steaming pile. I just don't understand why people tolerate it. The best DRM is no DRM. What does Steam offer that you couldn't do through a web-based store? Upped from 15 tp 75. Need those books. Better be good, Stackpole! I want it. Just a matter of budgeting for it... I definitely sure there will be 98 people who want it. Wow. Seems like game will have lot of NPCs :) @Ray Hirsch Agreed, I avoid Steam and boycott Steamworks games, but that's a topic best discussed elsewhere. This will be DRM free though, it's stated in the $15 reward description. @Adam Rauh Congratulations - looking forward to wasting...whoops I mean meeting...you in the game. So looking forward to this. I still have this game (running through DosBox) on my computer. Such good memories! Just.. please please please DON'T release it through Steam! I absolutely hate the way Steam works... tracking every time you play a game, how long you were playing, etc. They have no reason whatsoever to know that information. Plus, if you haven't fired up the client for a while, you lose half an hour (minimum) to updates that you can't really stop if it's for the game you want to play. A horrible gateway. If I didn't love HalfLife 2 and Portal so much, I'd dump Steam off my computer so fast. Why... $1000 tier doubled and freaking Al Lowe and Jane Jensen, all conspiring against my wallet. Nostalgia, why must you torment me so. I would definitely kick my $250 to $500 if we could see a BIG OL' signed poster and/or a Wasteland 2 T-shirt. Gotta decorate the homestead and celebrate my geekdom on the streets! Man ,I love the new tier,just wish I could give more,I might still make $500 though....We'll see..I could just quit drinking I suppose.,,who needs to gain weight?I still am fat enough anyways. ONWARDS to $4 mil @tom snail-Mutations could exist in a Wasteland,be cool to see it as a mechanic in the game lol, yep saw they doubled the $1k rewards, fastest money has ever flown out of my pocket XD BioWare's loss is your gain. Wish you guys the best. $2,000 is definitely new. It seems a little to close to the 2500 to me though... or was the $2,000 one always there? I may need to get some sleep. :) Sweet, they double the number of $1,000 pledges and added a new $2,000 one. @Zero Hey, back of the line, buddy. There's plenty of guys here ready to have Chris' babies... In a manly way, of course. @Adam Rauh check the 1000 slots again... I used to be an Officer Administrator, then I took a kickstarter in the knee. @ Alan Murphy Simulators ain't my thing. I wish him well, though. Now would you look at that, the rewards have changed. *giggles insanely* now that's a kung fu kick. I'm going to do it. 1000. Go support a great developer. <url>"This project critically hit me in the left leg, smashing my knee into the next town!" Awesome!! Bring back good old gaming fun, Mr. Fargo and team! wow,they should consider increse the 1000$ pledges @AstralWanderer The odds are that it is the same pledge. Someone snapped it up then realized they couldn't follow through... Another $1,000 pledge has been freed up...who else is up for a Meson Cannon takedown? @Adam They always forget paypal. :p @Kyle He's probably including the paypal donations as part of that number. ok guys ... you got me ... I want to play the beta. So I raised my pledge to $75 :D @Kyle Haight Paypal :) Er, looks more like 83.5k to 2 million to me. A little more than 50k to 2 mil. Gonna love seeing that two, cause one is the loneliest number. Boo, looks like someone just beat me to the 1K. Guess I'll have to stay vigilant in case one opens up again :( Soooo excited for this game!! Downgraded my Diablo 3 CE to a regular edition just so I could support this project. Nooo... So close to paying off my debts ..! :D @Alex Laird: I'd imagine they all would go there :) Well lets hope the Mayans are wrong otherwise its WASTELAND IN REAL TIME REALITY 2012 @Chris But which of you would have gone to the party? would have all ended in tears... Wish I could have gotten a number of my friends together to pitch in for the $10,000 tier. Imagine 50 people giving $200 apiece in a group funding. wish I could have that $1000 tier, but its too expensive for me, but its a nice reward, probably one of the best on offer @Jayce Pentad Go for it! We're all behind you - with our Meson Cannons.... @Rob Crane - The idea of including psychics abilities is an interesting one. One thing I liked about Fountain of Dreams was the inclusion of mutations and their effects. Each mutation gained had advantages and disadvantages. Somebody quick, snatch up that open $1000 pledge level so I'm not tempted again! Sometimes being psychic is both a blessing and a curse.Could you work psychics into the game I wonder.Or telekinetics? @Ivan Kharlamov thanks. Its good to know that I was heard and that likely it will come up as a bullet point in a round table discussion at inXile. That is as much as any fan could ask for. @ all Keep + @destraht, thanks for good news! @Jakob Faldt your comment(s) [are] meaningless. I received a personal email from inXile thanking me for for my contribution to the discussion, quoting an entire post of mine and referencing it as a consideration. The conversation will play out regardless of haters like yourself. @Konstantin Zhukov You may find Drakensang and Drakensang 2: The River of Time of interest as they use the same system (The Dark Eye) and gameworld as Realms of Arkania (both games are third-person 3D RPGs with a party size of 4, plus one summons). Sadly the developer (Radon Labs) went bankrupt after the second game (though they did release a hard-to-get, if you want a physical copy, expansion Phileasson's Secret). Re voiceovers: I'd join with those who favour the BG/Planescape system of having the first sentence voiced as being the best option - you have something to help imagine the character concerned, while not having the costs (and frustrations) of full voice-over. My copy never crashes,but then I play on my xbox. @Ryan Hendry: I'm also playing FO:NV at the moment and was getting the same frequent crashes as you, however i've fixed it! Not sure exactly what did the trick but here are all the things I tried: (1) Reduce AA and shadows (2) Repair install .net framework 4 (3) uninstall all codec packs and reinstall k-lite codec pack (4) remove all files and folders from desktop and replace with shortcuts (fixes the crash on exiting the game). (5) verify integrity of game cache in steam. Still have it broadcasting on my game system.If you use the right settings you can broadcast the apocalypse..hahahaha.Doom for all.Fun for everyone. The news needs to get out more much more there will be still original wasteland players 1 being me that will not know about this happening yet ...and would love to back it.......GET THE NEWS OUT........ I know it is.I know it.I have seen the future,and there is a Wasteland all around.Fans are giving rave reviews.Copies can not be seen on shelves.Amazon and Ebay are making thousands off special collectors editions.consoles are begging Fargo to let them have it.He languidly pulls out a cigar and says" will it be a billion dollars?" Yes looks like this could be a 4 mil rob @ Tomi :) thx for the info so there is a separate paypal amount yet to be added :) @destraht. It's not going to happen. @Harney the sum is accurte. It updates every increase and decrease. There's also seperare Paypal pledge, that doesn't register on this sum This baby has 4 mil tucked in her heart.It does.I know it. Does the pledge on the right show what has been pledged in total... - minus the pull outs???? ;~) Why must there be cancer and other messed up disease I ask?.Its like someone injects this into people.Mutant leaders perhaps?(Groan..) These guys are the Bomb.Had to have the signed edition.This game is gonna hit harder than a nuclear blast on the streets.Get it now while you gets it cheap! Had to drop the pledge.Family issues,but I'm still backing. @Ryan Hendry you mean bethesda's bugs. they wouldn't give Osidian the ability to fully bugtest it. How Linux is Built -- <url>#!/BrianFargo/status/186947714519539713 I'm in for 250, are you? Now is the time to act, there's only about 100 left. How can you pass up Brian Fargo AND Chris Avellone signing something you'll own for the rest of your life? I hope Obsidian will work on this game, I am playing Fallout: New Vegas at the moment and absolutely loving it. (although I hope they don't bring their trademark pile of bugs, I am having about 2 crash to desktops an hour in new Vegas) That last is just a wish...he has in no way said he'd do that. O.o Well Mr Fargo might be willing to cover the last 100k like he stated if it didnt reach it's minimum funding...To get the old crews back together. Maybe... Won't happen. I'm imagining the pledge ending just a few dollars short of $2.1 million, excluding Obsidian from the project. Just like they didn't get a bonus because of the metacritic score. @Konstantin Zhukov, Second the Realms of Arkania. :) Don't worry, Hope. There are plenty of people out there who can support these games, even if it's only $15 for a digital download. So far we're just scratching the surface - there's a couple of billion PCs out there. The sky is not the limit. . Personally I can't justify spending a thousand dollars on any one game, even if the reward is really cool, but fifty bucks here and there, to reignite an entire industry, that I can do. People are already talking about fatigue, but I say, we have not yet begun to Kickstart! @A New Hope: i only can agree, i am also a gamer my whole life and started with the C64 (i don't count the VCS2600 and previous Pong consoles). I also came with Tim Schafers DFA onto Kickstarter and everyday more intresting projects popp out of the ground (check my backing history) that i like to support and pledge money. i do calculate now more precisely how much i can give and i do think there will be problems arising when the wife finds out how much somebody spent on certain projects. but the good thing is, that only adults can pledge at the moment. That's something i really like about the whole Kickstarter thing ! So it won't happen that kids put in a 10 grand just for the fun of it and kills the statistics. whoever is giving money over here is old enough to know what they are doing. Also there is no requirement for PEGI or whatsoever because with your creditcard you have allready proofed that you're over 18 ! So i love the whole Kickstarter idea and hope it will develop even more. - no publishers - games for gamers like they were intended to be - no cut/uncut crap This user's account has been deleted. I´ve been a gamer more or less my whole life and had started to lose faith in the gaming industry and then out of the blue I see a news article of Kickstarter for Schafers game. A few days later I see articles about this project and the Takedown project (though it wasn´t called that at the time) and Banner Saga. I absolutely love Kickstarter, the bad thing is that I can´t support them all and that is what we probably see happening on this project, people that want to support more than they can afford and instead decreases their pledges. I never played Wasteland 1 but I have played Fallout as I wrote earlier. But the main reason that I pledged to this project is because Interplay has given me so many awesome games. Oh, I wish someone would kickstart the Realms of Arkania series (<url>"writen text only" will be great idea. I have no idea how much money is needed to hire professional voice actors but it doesn't have to be professional voice actors. Lot of people have great voice but don't make living out of it. Maybe you can even ask the backers. At the moment 38 688 people have spend money on this project, I think there could be more than few people with good voice that would want to contribute something other than just money to this project. Please give this idea at least 10 seconds. Thanks! Yes! Chris Avellone will also be signing the collectors box. Brian Fargo via Twitter. I love this project! Update my pledge, if i could i want to drive at the next step. GO GO GO BRIAN ! Hopefully Brian has some last minute hype to pull out in the last days. Will be interesting to see what kind of final push we might see for this. Another hurdle passed! I think we can do $200,000 more in two weeks, no? YAY! BF now has 1mil more to spend on the game than he originally wanted. This is gonna be a splendid day out in the wasteland. ....Where is my rifle? I'm going raider huntin! Glad you mentioning Stasis. I saw the trailer yesterday and it looked really promising. 200k more now, c'mon! :) Sure, forgot about PayPal. :) 170.000 Wow, we need just $200,000 more to get Obsidian work on Wasteland :) Stasis looks awsome, just the kind of engine i would like to see for wasteland. Almost at $1,9mil! Could have been Obsidian folk pulling out, since they would now be working on the project. I wouldn't be surprised if the pledge pulls were publisher shills pledging then cancelling to try and break our spirit. We shall not falter! :D I saw the STASIS trailer I would like to see the quality of wasteland to be at that level, but from what I observed the game controls seemed kind of slugish but the look and sound and HUD looked well put together. If I can make a suggestion to the team, PLEASE check out the preview for the PC game STASIS on the site rock, paper, shotgun. The LOOK of this game is exactly like a modernized Fallout or Planescape. GET THIS GUY on your team. Thx, Señor Ben, aka superfan Everybody donate $1 so it will be $50 average! lol. @AstralWanderer That's cool that the kickstarter team has seen the charts. Hopefully they will at least allow their "by day" chart to be visible by all, it really helps the community know how things are going. @Cattleclysm Did you see that 5000 pledge back out yesterday? It took a good 4-5 hours to recover from that one. I have to think someone miscounted the number of zeros on the pledge level or was drunk. I saw another negative growth just now, what the hell is wrong with you people? I've been a fan of all the fallout games but I will always have a special place in my heart for the game that launched them all...Wasteland. Back in the 80's it was incredible what developers were able to accomplish with the limited space available in the media at the time and I think Wasteland was a game that survived the test of time. I was so excited when I did a random search on Wasteland to see if there was any activity going around a sequel and I discovered this amazing approach. My thanks to Brian for his commitment and resolve and all the other developers and amazing talent that are making this a reality. I'm personally shocked that the costs can be kept so low and can only assume that many of you will be making some personal sacrifices to make this labor of love happen after so long. It was games like this in my late teens/early 20s that made it clear to a whole generation of us anything was possible. The original approach was so enthralling I personally will be satisfied if you use the original game as a basis, it's something I don't think any subsequent game was able to capture. Thanks for keeping the geek in all of us alive! Now that Chris is on board I'm thinkin' maybe a cameo for Morte in Wasteland 2. I mean zombie, wise-cracking floating skull... What's the diff. Steve Buschemi is a genius in all of his roles. Mr.Pink-you see this?This the world's smallest violin playin a song for all the waitresses out there?Fuckem.I don't tip cause I have to,I tip for service. Mr. Shush-"Why do they call him Mr Shush" WHY?Cause he don't say a whole fuckin lot. Donnie-SHUT THE FUCK UP DONNIE!Yer outta element. I was just saying Dude. And so we bury Donnie,here,presumably,we think ,in a way he might possibly have wanted,maybe. @Rick Congrats on your Signficant Other's birthday - now what present could be better than AN EXPLODED BLOOD SAUSAGE? *wink* Planescape pr0n is teh best pr0n evar, even better teh zombie pr0n. Oops, meant to post a link to a youtube video of the scene so the rest of you can watch it with me if you are thinking the same thing :) <url>´t care why you do it Rick, I like it a lot=) @Rick: Now that one should be at the top of the page for the next 14 days ... I like it. Blah, can't edit posts and this forum doesn't handle [url] tags - the GOG Kickstarter thread is at: <url>"Spam" nowadays applies to any unsolicited, commercial communication, so could include forum posts (a big problem currently for moderators due to spam-posting software like XRumer) and private messaging along with email. Anyone wishing to post about other "worthy" projects can do so elsewhere like on GOG's [url=<url>"This looks very cool. Project creators have access to stats of their ongoing projects, but it's true that they're not available to the public. We do, however, have plans to put out an API in the future, though we don't have a hard timeline yet." Hello all! ) Eins, zwei, drei... <url>"spamming "on this page...Wouldn't Spam be considered unwanted email that wants you to buy something?If that were the case,every time you used the word Spam wouldn't you in effect be promoting the buying of a tinned meat?Cause everyone here who has commented has donated right?. I wonder if the good folks at Monty Python knew how big that skit would become? "I want to ave a baby" A baby?But you're a Man.....What are ya gunna do?Av' it inna BOX????? Kicking-it-forward isn't about pledging 5% of this kickstarter's fund. It is about pledging 5% of the profits made from the completion of this game. No one in kicking-it-forward will be pledging anything till they've made a profit, but once they do they have promised to put 5% of that profit back into kickstarter projects. The Kicking-it-forward initiative is amazing and genius if used properly and not abused. Luke, Kick it Forward isn't about the funds raised from this kickstarter. It's about any PROFITS resulting from the sale of the game after its eventual release. IE money from customers, not backers. @Luke Like many before you, you do not understand what Kick It Forward means, despite clear explanations. 5% of the PROFITS from the game, NOT 5% of the DONATIONS to the game, are used to fund others. So after W2 is made and sold, if they turn a profit they are promising to reinvest 5% of THEIR money made from sales of the game into other projects trying to get Kickstarted. Kick it forward is only a commitment to give 5% of profits back after the product goes into production. It does do commit the money spent here on the project. Only PROFIT made AFTER release so don't worry. All of our money is going into making this awesome! (This is my understanding at least from what I have read on the subject) I think kick it forward sucks. I pledged my money to -this project-, not to mostly this project and 5% some other project that the dev's like. If other projects have merit, they will get backers regardless. It says to add $15. So just add $15, not $90. not sure if this has been asked before, but will ask anyway since i haven't posted here at all yet. do the $500 backers have to pay for the $15 shipping for every item that needs to be shipped. e.g the poster +$15 novela pt1 +$15 and so on? would we need to end up paying $90 to get everything shipped, or is it just $515 to get every item shipped to me? More spam always better ****! "FYI Chris Avellone will also be signing the collectors box that comes with donations of $250 and higher." @Michael That's what I'm talking about! :p From @Brian Fargo on twitter: FYI Chris Avellone will also be signing the collectors box that comes with donations of $250 and higher. ... and then she slowly licked the remaining pieces of Occipital lobe from his rotten, green glowing ******** I read the comments for the zombie p0rn stories. :p All that and I like to know when Rick has posted new fan art ... just awesome!! @A New Hope Thanks for the link. You guys posting links to the latest Wasteland interviews/news is one of the main reason I'm reading the comments. I also quite enjoy finding out about new projects here, so keep the links coming. At least as long as it doesn't morph into a spam extravaganza like what happened with this tactical shooter. We are already over 1.9 Million. there are more than 30k fund on paypal <url>"If you haven't, check out an awesome "Wasteland" review on Matt Chat: <url>…" Thx for the link, will watch it after i watched Total Biscuits newest WTF =) 200k to go with Paypal, 14 days. That is less than 15k a day! Dare we hope for $1.9 Million today? seems rate sped up a little,I think Leisure Suit Larry news bring here more people If you haven't, check out an awesome "Wasteland" review on Matt Chat: <url>´s a Mass Effect ending, at least give us a colorblind option... I only got one ending in ME3... :P HMMMMMM,with all the semi flames around here, but in a more focused capacity could we call this a forge?Lets get it going blur or white even,and call it a Mass Effect ending. BURN Baby BURN I have a question about shipping of Collector's Edition box - will it be really bullet-proof glass content resistant box which will protect content at all costs and beyond? Because I'll get damaged books from Amazon regullary. I have pledged only 30$ to prevent disappointment from damaged box of belaved game. @Richard: I saw that from Fargo's twitter earlier! It got me really excited. Contemplating raising up to $250, but the pledge goes through when a lot of other bills come due... For Chris Avellone's signature on the box, though... @Andrew: You're correct; the choice lies with the artist and exposure can be good if carefully considered and done on the craftsman's terms. However, the phenomenon I am speaking is more to do with how consumers or businesses try to extract material for free because "it'd be good publicity." Yes, it is the artist's choice ultimately, but when an artist accepts such an lopsided deal, it hurts other artists too. For what I mean, I refer you to Harlan Ellison: <url>#16/e=1f7176 Annoucement thread for polls: <url>"To promote" something is not necessarily a bad thing, and actually in the case of Wasteland 2 it is a very good thing: It means people are being attracted to the Wasteland 2 Kickstarter by seeing these drawings, and thus hopefully will contribute as backers themselves. And I believe it is very cool that Rick's drawings are posted on quite a number of sites for illustrating the Wasteland 2 development. I for once hope Brian and his team will recognize the contributions Rick's art already had to the game's funding and development, and see the potential for hiring him. I certainly would back up that decision with my backer's money. Did I hear "pancakes"? I believe we should have some DFA-like celebration (with pancakes) once we hit $2,1M. :-) I, for once, have played my fair share of both Adventure and RPG games, starting back on the C64. This baby is going to a ride far beyond the $2,5M ! raised my pledge two times because of Obsidian. @Frank Kontowicz No my dear Frank. I just posting pictures. You can ignore them. If you want. And by the way ... I do not ask speak about my or my works. Just sharing my work. Or ... Were are the rules of comments? Where does it say that it is possible to tell each other how much you gave a dollar, and can not show pictures? Dollars it's a very informative... and you right - that is discussion about game. I thought "green pictures" be diluted with other pictures. Not be with mr Franklin but with a spirit of Wasteland. But you possible want come back to speak about game... ups... sorry. About dollars? By the way again. Rules is determined by you, Frank? Let see what we have here? Someone (and this persone is you) said Get away with your promotion. Someone said - it cool. Someone said - let the paints. You know - I listen to those who do not forbid me to post here and paint work. This is what I call - the triumph of democracy. @Rick My comments were uncalled for. I had no idea you were sharing your art. I wish you the best of luck in attempting to secure employment with InXile. @ET3D Pancakes? Anyway as I stated above I was missing something. I assumed it was someone simply spamming in a effort of self promotion. Nothing wrong with that either, but spam causes me to knee jerk... Thanks in advance, for the opportunity to help and best of luck in the project inXile and Obsidian (i'm certain the 2.1 mil will be in time). @Rehevkor yes KS is going to ruin me as well, already pledged $265 and can't go anyway higher and I love old school video games as well @Frank Kontowicz, obviously you're not here for the party, but the Double Fine kickstarter had pancakes and stuff, and this one is rather boring, with some bickering thrown in. I guess that's the difference between the audience of the two types of games, and I think I'll stick to the adventure crowd. But while I'm here at least I'm getting to see some nice drawings. @Rick Your work is great, and when I check back here daily to see the total, any news or updates, your work is a bonus, so a big thank you. I see it more as promoting the spirit and excitement of the game, regardless of who ends of working on the project. Your art has been featured on quite a few sites that have put out the story of W2 to the public, and I for one thing its acted as a great ambassador for the game, possibly attracting people here to back the project. Upgraded my pledge to $150. That way it'll be easier to justify bumping it to $250 when I get paid. Kickstarter is going to bankrupt me, but I love video games! @ET3D Was there a party? I was trying to catch info on the game...what part of the "party" did I miss? @Rick whoo horsey...you are trying to make this chat about Wasteland 2 about you. It isnt. Let it go kid. @Frank Kontowicz What makes you think that I need to promote? Think I'm a freak. A splinter in your body. You want to remove, but can not. Such a network is often the case. Or do you want to say that here people are engaged in important work - and i'm big stone on the road? I really have a rest. Sleepy. But I'll be back. @ET3D <url>"promotion". See ya. ) @Odd ball - the way I read the interview, Obsidian may use their own tools to make their content, they just have to agree file formats with Brian so that the assets they create can be swapped back and forth with InXile via whichever engine Brian is using. we are doing well, not too long now And 38,000. Nice. @Frank Kontowicz, you want to kick out the life of the party? Rick is posting stuff that's actually fun, unlike most of the rest of what's going on around here. I never played Wasteland, but I've spent so many hours of fun of my life on Fallout 1&2 that it would be a crime to not back that project. I hope for the best! Long live turn-based, top-down good games :) @Rick Hey...give it a rest huh? This isnt a platform for you to promote yourself endlessly. Give it a rest. @phobos2077, don't worry about the $2.1M. We'll get there for sure. If TAKEDOWN managed to get funded at the last moment I have no doubt the last day of Wasteland 2 will get it way beyond $2.1M. Never played wasteland, but loved fallout 1/2 and enjoyed tactics! @Erich: "Not paying for a service is wrong". I'd take exception to that. There's nothing wrong with accepting free art from an artist who is willing, but in the same way, there's nothing that says an artist /must/ (or even should) give it away for free. Doing free work for exposure may be a good idea, it may not - the decision for which, though, is in the hands of the artist. If the person looking for artwork isn't willing to pay, no artist should feel obligated to work for him. Also, one of our local plumbers had a special deal that looks like it wasn't doing more than covering costs - probably to build exposure. It's not like loss-leaders are foreign concepts to non-artists. Backed $50, it's about 9% of my salary =) Hasitated at first, but Chris Avellone completely sold me out. While I was hoping for true Fallout continuation (isometric, turn-based), party-based system should also be fine, as long as I have my "main" character. Doubt about 2.1 mil though. It was a hype 2 days ago, but slowed down again. Gotta spread the word more actively... @SSX Just going to throw this in because it comes up a lot in my circles. The artist/writer unpaid work for reputation/portfolio issue is a heated topic no matter where you go. There is a lot of misconception (and exploitation, lots of exploitation) around the idea that producing works for free benefits the artist indirectly via the portfolio. Whether it does or not is inconsequential because the person asking for the work ALSO benefits and as such should also pay for that benefit. It's no different from asking a plumber to fix your pipes for free "because you'll tell your friends about him." Not paying for a service is wrong, and artists should not be treated any differently from any other craftsman in that regard. @Rick Sorry, I don't want to upset you. I trust, you really like project and doing that all because of it. But I want to say that is unpaid work isn't bad because its always help to have a good job in future. I want to believe your wishes will be granted and you will have chances to work on Wasteland 2 with inXile. ^_^ Padre it's a bullshit... i'm already paid! <url>´s after Bioware. I put the blame where it belongs, on the publisher not the developer. @Backers! <url>Аs publishers stop pressure - people have the opportunity do it their job really creative. Shit... F**k ... Give to Obsidian air! Give this people blow the world (With Brian Fargo of course) like in old times. Curse of the ... why am I not rich? new interview <url>"say" all what i want. Have a nice day SXX. And little post-scriptum. I'll be damn happy if in the future will not hear your brilliant reasoning. Chin-Chin. <url>"...Anyway you doing it for reputation..." © You think so? I have a different opinion. Reputation - yes. All right. But apart from that there are other reasons. By doing this, I strongly risk. Including the risk of my family. My deals canceled, tasks stoped. It is unlikely that I would do it only for the reputation (a wry smile). For me, "work on wasteland 2" is not for a reputation. This is not a way to earn money. This is air. Necessity. Post-nuclear games it's for what I went to the gaming industry. I'm CEO in my firm. But in Wasteland 2 i'm a ready work as simple employee. Because that chance do it good game. You tell me about reputation? For W2 i'm ready (just like 12 years ago) works like a screw in the machine. Each firm - the mechanism. Screws - have no reputation. "...Being well known person its better than just be paid artist. :)..." © - Tell it's to my wife. @Jeff I believe Arcanum rights are held by the Vivendi/Activision/Blizzard bunch. Perhaps it is part of why WoW has so much steampunk also. @Shawn inXile has the forums and everything set up for people to request what they want. The demand was for cross-platforming, and the promise of cross-platforming brought in more money that also contributes to "More." It has already been said that there will now be more music, more story, and a bigger world with the additional funds. Getting Chris Avellone and the aid of Obsidian will contribute to that exponentially, pretty much the best value per dollar in that respect. The money you donate through kickstarter ALL goes toward the budget of the game, Brian Fargo is not even taking a salary. The money for kickitforward will come out of their own pockets, through their generated profits after the game is completed and shipped, not the budget of the game. TLDR: All of your requests are confirmed to be in line with what inXile is doing, if you read the interviews and other information available. @Shawn: If I understand this Kick it forward thing properly, the five percent is going to be based on profits, not the donated money. Just out of curiosity, who owns the rights to Arcanum: Of Steamworks and Magick Obscura? I understand that it was developed by some former Black Isle guys, so if Brian's successful in getting the band back together is there a chance that we might see a sequel to this on the W2 engine? @Rick Anyway you doing it for reputation. Being well known person its better than just be paid artist. :) I pretty sure there is lot of persons from game development companies so its good experience to do that every without salary. @Shawn You don't understand Kicking it Forward. They are pledging to put some of their PROFITS from the game into other projects, if they are successful. EVERY DOLLAR that you donate WILL go to the game. If you don't care whether they do that or not, cool whatever. But there is ZERO reason to be against it as it has ZERO bearing on the result of your contribution if you don't believe in Kicking it Forward. As the dollar amounts increase, I wasn't wanting cross-platforming (sorry, I guess you did pay your dollars to ride). I want more. I don't want revolutionary, I just want more focus. Screw the social bit. Focus on making the best single platform game and re-introduce folks to what we all donated for and loved. I'm only a $100 backer, but I would think we would just like more (e.g. defined, balanced, story-laiden, sandbox, musical) goodness that we trust you can provide. The pledge it forwards is kinda 'meh'. I'm giving my dollars all around to people I love. Let me do that for myself. If you get $2 million (easily), I want that other $200k going to the project at hand. Let the rest of us learn Kickstarter. Let Kickstarter ideas fund themselves. Hell, I paid money for a guy to build a hotdog cart. That doesn't mean I want you to do the same with what I gave you! Put my money where I put it. Game: Love Designer: Love Kicking: Hate Social: Discouraged. Corpselocker In Fallout 2, in Redding, there's a headstone that says, "Here lies Chris Avellone, King of the Dance Floor." In one of the interviews, Brian Fargo said "isometric," but nothing is in stone yet. I know the description says "top-down" but are you talking true top-down like the original Wasteland, or isometric like Fallout 1 & 2? (I'd prefer the latter, personally.) @Samuel Dantas And that additional money would then be spent on making those tees. No, we need pure funds for development! Hey Brian Fargo, just give t-shirts as rewards. It will get to $2.5 million easily. 210k left!(Counting paypal) gogogogogo! @J-N-K I think he wasn't dealing with 19 year old game aficionados. Brian was dealing with the 19 year old intern bureaucrat. With my experience these interns are more concerned with making themselves look good in the bosses eyes. On top of that Brian was probably unloaded on them and they were told to reject the project Most of the time these interns are busness or management students who usually aren't allowed to okay such projects anyways even if they wanted to okay the project they probably didn't have the authority to do so. Usually projects that are being considered seriously a more experienced publisher would review the project so negotiation could take place this is where most games get F'ed. The publishers just wanted Brian out of the building, but didn't want to look bad by using security to escort a well know developer out of thier building. @nexus-hahahahahahaahahahahahahahha Noted in one of your interviews that you were getting 19 year-old interns who hadn't heard of Interplay. Bloody shameful. I'm 18, and I grew up on games backed by Interplay. Baldur's Gate, Icewind Dale ... I've never played the original Wasteland, but the combination of Interplay's name and Chris Avellone potentially being brought on board was enough for me to put in pledge (at an amount I probably should be more cautious about) and to try and spread the word to everyone I can. The best of luck to you. @mindx2 In my plans have a place for ruined city. But not yet. I want make... T-s-s... maybe it's be little surprise. @infestor I think Andrée Wallin already work on W2. But it's not for a public. When time come - you will see all him works. He is an employee, I am "a fan". It works according to plan and documents, I work as I want. This is a big plus. But there is a minus. My work is not paid. ) What is better. Be a hungry painter or regular employee? It's a question of the day. :D @mangrove Cheers :). Was great fun to make. @Caleb very sweet piece of art! "No chance this will pass Double Fine Adventure. " Shut your **** mouth! We'll see, I'd like to see this surpass it. But I understand that wasteland is a nitch. I just kicked in another 200 for the signed copies. Emailed brygo once upon a time after fallout, he said "thank you-pass it on to the team" @TrueStoryGuy DFA meet 2kk around same time, maybe few days earlier. They have last million in about last three or four days. Someone needs to get the word out to more mainstream outlets like gaming new sites, X-play etc to help mobilize more folks! Want to see that 2.1 mill level! No chance this will pass Double Fine Adventure. Pretty sure DF hit 2 million a little over a week. @Kay, it would be really simple to do, but I'm afraid of the lawyers :-( @Adam that is very cool! Any plans of setting up a website where you just need to put in the kickstarter url of the project and the result is one of your graphs? It is going to be very interesting to see how much it will be by the end. Do you think we will beat double down? @Cattleclysm, @AstralWanderer, and @vamp1r0: I've fixed my "small" charts on <url>ée Wallin? i can understand that he doesn't lift a finger unless he's paid but could have been nice to release some artwork. meh. @Rick: thanks for your artwork! has been a visual feast Yeah can't say i am a big fan of spam of other projects, you can easily do a search, look for projects yourself. Can we now resume normal service and get back to getting to $2.1 :) @Rick - Would love to see you do more "ruined cityscape" type paintings. They have a lonely, desolate, and haunting vibe to them that are wonderful. Maybe include a full party this time as this is a party-based game ;) @ET3D Well, I do bother to check the site regularly for other projects instead of waiting for people to post about them in this project. Nothing against people letting others discover interesting projects by posting links but spamming shouldn't be encouraged. That's all. @JJ Thanks again. Do not go very far. I think that tomorrow or the day after I bring another one piece of the feelings. Little part of big spirit of wastelands. @JJ No need to extrapolate, you can check numbers Schafer's kickstarter has in his last few days here -- <url>#!/TimJustRaised and divide them by 2(wl2's rate at the beginning was around two times slower than DFA has) :) Of course this would be true only if no other 'social' disaster would happen. Everyone should donate one more dollar so that the average will go to $50 :D @vamp: very true I was amazing to see the huge boost the Takedown received at the end so if we extrapolate that to WL2 .... sweet!!!! @Rick: Good luck Rick. I think most people here would agree that you certainly capture the image and feeling of post-apocalyptic "anywhere". It can never hurt getting your work out there. I can't even draw a stick person but I certainly can appreciate good work such as yours. By the way you've inspired me to pick of the Metro 2033 novel. I loved the game now I will get lost in the book and wait till WL2 is released. @JJ I don't think that is going to be a problem, this is the most popular project on KS right now anyway. @JJ And... thank you for positive feedback! ) @JJ There are still 15 days of Kickstarter company. During this time i make more arts and concepts. After this... let see what happened. Maybe nothing, maybe inXile hire me. In any case - you have nothing to lose. ) @JJ There will be increase in the end, as you can see on this hardcore shooter project or Shafer's kickstarter, we are now in the lowest point of the curve, so even if rate for some time now on will be lower than 1k per hour we'll take that tier for sure. But sooner is better, of course! Let's keep it moving ... need to average ~15K a day to make 2.1M but I'd really like to see it go higher ... but no spamming the other Kickstarter projects ... ;) @Rick: Your stuff is really good ... I have one as my Desktop =)) @Duncan Maybe after Kickstarter Company i will continue negotiations with inXile. Now Brian Fargo too busy. So I'm doing ... what I'm doing. I draw. This is my second contribution in Wasteland 2. By the way... about contribution. People! Do it, how says this monk! <url>~1-2k. Thus there was no pick-up yet. You have to be excited about Wasteland 2 as much as the creator Brian Fargo to pledge your money into this project. I, for one believe that this money shall not go to waste and will bring the this genre of gaming to a new high! March on WL2 Fans =) Upgraded my pledge from $65 to $115. Feeling enthusiastic about this game :) $50 for the pledge, $15 for living in Australia, hope you guys do us all proud. @Cattleclysm Looks like a $5K pledge was withdrawn, then reinstated (or picked up by someone else). However, if donations carry on at the current rate ($20,000/day), this project should almost reach $2.2 million by April 17. I'd also ask others to stop spamming Takedown here or elsewhere also - I've decided to steer clear of it now due to the repeated messages here. Grats for Christian Allen gentlemen! Also continue with the summoning spell: Summon Chris Avellone Hi all! Sorry about the takedown spam.. But WE MADE IT!!! P.S I pledged long ago to this kickstart it was just an act of desperation posting here.. :D It happens, I wouldn't worry about it, I think that we are well on the way to reaching that $2.1 million goal anyway. maybe we lost a 5K backer? <url>ürk crpgperver gardaşlarımızın da yorumlarını burada görmek isterük :) Good luck with your project Christian! It doesn't seem like anyone is intentionally spamming about it really, just a lot of people excited about it and posting a little over-zealously :P Quick apologies for the comment spam from TAKEDOWN commenters. I've asked them to stop and never encouraged it. Best wishes to the WL2 team, I've pledged! @Wintersong, that's you, but I find other project spams a great way to find new worthwhile projects to back. Such as this one, which wants to re-publish out of print science fiction books: <url>"RebelBlob Agreed. Spamming about Takedown isn't going to build good will. There are four links to it already on this one page of comments. Give it a rest. I hate shooters. I just pledged $25 to TAKE DOWN as well. If you have some cash do so to. Christian Allen seems to be a very talented individual and an intelligent realistic and strategic FPS would be a welcome change! :) <url>"Love" with a big "L" so it's have a point. Я имел в виду, что правила языка мне известны. И как с ним управляться я более или менее знаю. Любовь с заглавной буквы... вряд ли ошибка. Please help support Christian Allen's kickstarter. It ends today and could use your generous backing. Thank you. <url>"cheapskates" thing ;) It's kind of a weird thing when you think about it though, it would only take everybody raising their pledge by ~$7 to hit the 2.1 million mark. @Richard Blackrose-Should have chosen my words more carefully. You have backed the most unawful project the world has seen, therefore you're alright in my book! @Charles Er, are you implying we're the kind of people who enjoy awful things? :p Thumbs up on the tee. @Scott Campbell-if you are the comic book Scott Campbell,I liked a lot of your stuff.( I mean j. Scott Campbell).My buddy likes you a lot more than me though.I was more of a Sam Kieth fan(but if is is you,you're still Cool) In no way shape or form am I an artist. With that being said, I present to you my awful idea for a WL2 shirt! Enjoy! <url>´m already at the maximum I can pledge but if that wasn´t the case a T-shirt sure would have made me increase me pledge=). T-shirts would be nice, someone said that DoubleFine added it to their pledge tiers during the drive so it is not unprecedented. Maybe can be done with a new goal set in the next week. Downside is it would come out of money to make the game BIGGER. I'd totally increase my pledge if a Tshirt was included in the $50-100 pledge. Tshirts are cheap and easy to make. (even tho I have a hundred tshirts I'd still think It'd be cool for a WL2 shirt) Somebody just got caught cuz we lost a 5K pledge ;) I pledged :D But please also check this kickstart I'm sure you all will be interested! <url>"Ease Rossi SLYOO byoo." I thought there was an L sound in there somewhere actually.Ask the Russians I guess.haha.Glad to see some russians showing gamer love. @Alexander For some of us, $15 is a stretch of money as it is, let alone $30... I don't think it's fair to criticize some people for their donations, even though they're *still* donating. Awesome! Just read the update, these are great news, wasteland 2 will have a fabulous team working on it given just more $300 000. Just backed and really got excited. inXile feat. Obsidian? Shut up and take my money! :) At pledge level 150 $. Am I to understand that I get three separate licenses, delivered in three different forms (collectors box + standard box + one digital download), which i can do what ever I want with? Say make two gifts out of the physical copies and keep the digital for myself? My point being the normally when you buy a physical copy+download option you only get one license for the game. Cheers! Destructible environment was even better in silent storm. You could use explosives to make holes in floors and roofs. You could make so much damage to a building that the whole building would collapse. You could use explosives to set up traps in doors that would explode when enemy would come through. If you heard that there was enemy moving in above floor you could try to shoot him through the ceiling. I have never seen that kind of tactical options in a game that would have a good story and world like in wasteland and fallout. Even if some of the tactical options could be added, I think it would make the game better. This user's account has been deleted. Destructible terrain was one of those cool features of Xcom 1/ 2. You could blow away pretty much everything, floors, walls, furniture. One thing that I always wanted for this kind of games is destructible enviroment like there is in silent storm. It would be a dream game to combine the rich world and story from wasteland and fallout type of games with combat, tactical options and destructible enviroment that silent storm has. I always hoped I could blow up any wall or building in fallout and wasteland when I had the explosives, use tools to cut through fences or shoot enemies through wooden walls that shouldn't stop the bullet. I think it would add alot into game like this. The world and story comes first of course, but this is something that would make the game even better in my opinion. thanks guys, for the link ;) Just read the news about Obsidian and I only one word comes to my mind, AWESOME!! I loved Icewind Dale even though the game crashed constantly on my rig. Only played the first part of Planescape Torment but enough to understand why it´s one of the most beloved RPG ever made. @Alexander people will pay what they can afford mate, inXile have reached their original goal, so lets not try belittle peoples pledges even if they were only $15. It all helps in the end. There is no doubt this will meet the upped amount of $2.1. Loved Wasteland and have been waiting, very patiently for it's sequel. Also Loved Fallout 2, 3 & New Vegas, so I support bringing Obsidian in to help! Break some Binary, Doug @Rick, the correct way to spell "From Russia with Love" is "Из России с любовью", note the last word in lowercase. In Russian, you capitalize only first character of the first word of a title. @ Martin Funding Stats: <url>"wasting time" developing anything that they don't think will sell 10 million units. I believe gamers are tired of it, which IMO is why the industry has been showing negative growth for 2 years straight. I think we're on the cusp of a paradign shift in gaming, and in a few years, we'll refer to this as the Dark Ages, prior to a Rennaisance Age. I think we're watching the closing of an era, and I think it's very appropriate that the trailblazers of the new era are Tim Schafer and Brian Fargo, two people who were key to the Industry through it's history. (Not to mention everyone else involved at Obsidian, Double Fine, and InExile, who all changed gaming with their works) @Matthew Barker We oldtimers are the definition of niche market. If that were not so, Brian would not have had to go this route to fund Wasteland 2. I suspect that most kids nowadays that play console games don't have time to read a 5 page manual, much less the kind of tome we're talking about here. Just as well, I have serious doubts about the reading ability of many kids nowadays. <url>"dollars". "If you look at the last 8 days here: <url>" ^THIS *sigh* Upped my $115 pledge to $515 - hope that Doomsday Preparation Survival Kit has something in it to deal with irate bank managers and debt collectors. Oh, believe me, I KNOW it's the Avellone announcement that has "kicked" this thing in overdrive. I'm just impressed it has maintained it throughout this day :) @mindx2 It's the Avellone-Effect. If you look at the last 8 days here: <url>"Alright, we're going to make a 3D co-op based FPS for current gen consoles and call it Wasteland 2: Future Warfare" tomorrow :) Guys, 15$ is 10% of my month income! I believe in you! Don't fail, plz Anybody have a $ amount that was raised today? This user's account has been deleted. changing my pledge from 30 to 100! This is way too exciting. Brian Fargo twitter: <url>#16/e=1f7176 This update discussion: <url>ñadir los 15$ para las recompensas de 50$ y superiores. This user's account has been deleted. Er, what happened to Dimitriy? Er, I mean, @Shiran. Damn, I knew I shouldn't have taken the brown acid. @Dimitriy If you act today they'll double the deal and throw in the entire Obsidian team. That's two Chris Avellone's and the entire Obsidian team for only 300k. However, separate shipping and handling fees will still apply. :p So is it just Chris that we have to buy for 300,000, or the rest of BIS teams? E.g. JE Sawyer etc? Doubled up on my pledge, please don't disappoint! Just upped my pledge to $75. Looking forward so much to this game! Lovin' this twitter exchange, too: "@ChrisAvellone Amazing news: re possibly being onboard with Wasteland 2. But would you still be able to potentially do ur own kickstarter? Yep! But I really, really want to work on WL2, too. :)" So a possible Planescape KS and working on WL2. Talk about dream multi-tasking... For him and us. Thinking that Avellone already believes 2.1 is a done deal as his twitpic is now the desert rangers badge. @frandelas - No, you don't have to add anything to the 15 dollars, since they don't need to ship anything physical to you. @David - I think that is assured. This is an old-school game where you want to have the manual and I'm sure Brian will include it :) Hi, I'm from Spain I just pleged 15 dollars but I live outside the US, do I need to pay more for the digital copy? Hope the game will be hard and challenging and fun... :) I wonder the digital versions of the game will come with a PDF/HTML version of the instruction manual. @Jimmy - just go to manage your pledge and put in $100 and click the $100 tier. Should be all set unless you're outside the US then add an additional $15 for shipping. This user's account has been deleted. If I pledged $50 earlier and want to get the Collector's Edtion, do I have to pledge $100 seperately again or can I just pledge another $50? just upped my pledge to $150. we're almost there~ I am really excited about this! The original Wasteland is one of my favourite games. Mark my words, this is the beggining of the second golden age of RPGs! @Brian Sfinas - I asked that question about MCA's signature yesterday and here was Brian's response: "There is a good possibility on that. I haven't spoken with him about it yet but I'd imagine he would do so." Is Kickstarter being overwhelmed? This page keeps going down for me... I decided to back this project almost at the second I heard about it. I know Brian Fargo & co. will make a creative and fun game. Just one request: guys, please take your time and make sure the game is free of bugs (unlike Fallout) and that it runs above 5 fps (unlike Bard's Tale). Speaking of Bard's Tale, please consider making a sequel. I would SO back it. Having Chris Avellone and Obsidian on board would turn this exciting project into a dream come true.... $40 raised to $100. Worth every penny! @Brian Sfinas better send a message to the devs to ask this, would be interested myself as Im also going for the signed copy of the game, don't see why not his signature couldn't be added? This user's account has been deleted. I'm thinking about raising a bit, this project seems really awesome! Any word on whether or not MCA's signature will be on the signed editions if it hits 2.1? @Ftagn You have to pledge $65 and select the $50 reward, for international shipping. Thanks @charles, thats good to know. @Jason Darby-For the life of me I can't remember where I read this but supposedly 1 year of pre-production so far. Please correct if this is inaccurate. It's looking good so far, looks like its well on target to get $2.1 - just hope they've started on the game already? Anyone know if they have done pre-production on the game yet? Grats jakob, you found a way to surpass the annoyance of "first!" ;P Comment #5000! ahh right, didn't know that, but good to hear, just NMA and paypal pledges to be added to the final amount I also raised my pledge... Upped pledge from $250 to $500. Can't wait for this! @Matthew - Yeah, we (RPGCodex) already pledged our $10,000 so it's been counted. Weeeii! More good news.. so exciting news. I could just brust lika mini nukecola ;P Pretty sure the codex has already been counted. This will hit $2.6mil for sure. I mean 2.1 not 1.2, pity you can't edit your posts here awesome, lets not forgot paypal, NMA and RPG codex, so that is a fair bit extra. but at this rate its looking really likely we will hit the 1.2 mill mark, keep it up everyone, we are so close pretty sure it will include all the previous rewards, yes the "Previous reward" thing is a bit misleading, but if you look down the list, it says the same thing. if in doubt you could always send a devs a message, but Im 100% certain it will included all the previous awards from all the previous tiers 1.8m! This is looking more and more probable. $1.8 million! Woo! The $75 and $100 levels (and all higher levels) include everything in the $50 level. yay @SkyeFyre-I also have the $100 pledge, and from my understanding you get everything with the only difference being that instead of a normal boxed copy, you get the collectors edition instead. No matter what you will essentially get two versions, boxed and digital copy. All other rewards from $15 on up come with it. I'm looking to pledge another $50, bringing me from $50 to $100 but I just have one question. It says "Previous Reward" not "Previous Rewards". Does this mean it only goes back one bracket? So if I went up to $100 would I miss out on the soundtrack, part 1 of the novella, and the digital art book? The reason I'm confused is that the $100 reward specifies that you get a digital copy. If you got all the previous rewards, why would they need to mention this again? Forgive me for my technical mindedness, it drives my friends insane, but I just want to be perfectly clear in my understanding. Wish I had more to give but unfortunately I still need to eat. Hope this hits the 2.1 (: Wasteland was one of the first computer games I ever played. Still have fond memories of spending hours on it on my Apple IIC. Happy to pledge to the project and looking forward to the final product. I wish I had that much on me otherwise I would have done the same, but still, $265 is a decent amount to pledge, even though its a lot of money Upped pledge from $115 to $515. $400 dollars is nothing compared to the security a well stocked survival kit will bring... right? $301,474 left to go. Which means each backer has to up their pledge by $8.4 in order to reach our goal of 2.1 million. Upped pledge to $115 Just 300,000 to go until we have the greatest RPG ever..... ever. lookin' good lookin' good :D <url>"Bird's eye" @Stefan. Top down. "Isometric" so to speak. Has there been any discussion over what perspective the game will play from? I assume it would be an overhead camera angle of some sort or third person? Be interested if there was already an idea of game engine or whether it would be custom. Keep climb! You can make it!!!! nice,got boost :-) I've never actually played Wasteland but I decided to get on the bandwagon with this. I'm a sucker for collector's editions at the moment! Did it just jump from 1,773 to 1,781? I love Obsidian's writing in their games, so I'm happy to increase my pledge after reading the news. Alright, $300k, people. Let's make it happen. Please make the choices affect the main plot... Pretty please with cherry on the top. Just upped my pledge from $15 to $250 after reading the good news. Will the game be available from www.gog.com - given that it was mentioned the game will also be available on other non-drm platforms, that would be spot on :) When I found out that this was the guy who helped make baldur's gate and fallout 1/2, I jumped onboard. Ty for some of the my fondest vid game memories :) like having a go at drizz't in BG and getting pwned, still remember that clearly for some reason @Ronin73, perhaps they'll make a $350 tier for that. :) @Sean At least! @Kenneth Leider EA owns the rights to that. So probably somewhere around $145 million. How much would it cost to re-release the original wasteland with update graphics, audio... ? I hope they plan on adding Chris Avellone's autograph to the $250 pledge otherwise there could be a riot :P @if it is Steve Jackson as well,yes,THANK YOU.I thought it was obvious.The Creature of Havoc was PURE GENIUS.It ate Hobbits!!!! @ If it is Steve Jackson from the FF Books, thankyou i enjoyed your books when i was younger. Good to see Ian livingstone making another book. @Steve Jackson....If you are THE Steven Jackson,I BOUGHT ALMOST every single fighting Fantasy book you ever made.But to be honest ,the post apocalyptic one was kinda a disappointment,But some were better than MANY games I played on a computer or console.Deathtrap Dungeon could have been AMAZING Turtles! $1.75 million means we get turtles, right? I was going to to do $150 but with Chris Avellone joining the already stellar team I just had to up my ante to $250. I have not been so excited for a game in a long, long time. Including PayPal money we need to average a little over 18K a day to reach 2.1. Let's keep it rolling .... 17 days, the race is on! 2.1 mln? please, make it happen :) just raised my pledge. @Erich Lichnock D'oh yeah, sorry I meant to say Rage. I had ME3 on the brain for some reason. Looking forward to this! $100 down and another $15 for International Shipping! @Sean What does Bethesda have to do with ME3, it is Bioware and EA ME3 is Bioware/EA, not Bethesda. @Steven Jackson If you were paying attention, you know that Fargo said, and I'm paraphrasing, that Bethesda did QA on Fallout:NV, not Obsidian. Bethesda fucked it up, just like they did to ME3 and countless others. @JJ: Oh, I know what's *in* the kit. I want to know what the bag itself looks like. Damn, why would I want the developer of such broken games as Alpha Protocol and Fallout New Vegas involved in this? Lets call it a gift package instead ... ;) You have a very good point.... Specially if it came labelled as a DOOMSDAY PREPARATION SURVIVAL KIT! @JJ And me thinking I'll have trouble with taxes. I wonder what the customs offices would think of the wasteland survival kit... Upped my pledge from $50 to $100. Chris Avellone and Brian Fargo working together again? Shut up and take my money! @Joseph Burgus: Someone supposedly quoted from "The Man Himself" on the contents of the bag being: Think of the kit as everything that you'd need to survive in the event of a major world screwing event. Items like iodine pills, flashlight, trap making book etc. Hope that helps. @alcaray -- +1 for "You may now fling poo to your heart's content." To everyone increasing their $15 pledges: THANK YOU, MEANS A LOT TO EVERYONE. I'm EXTREMELY excited about this new announcement!! I've been at the $250 level since the beginning, but this is making it very tempting to increase that... As others have noted, however, it feels like the $500 level is the most vague of any of the rewards. I think it could be far more popular if there were more clarity as to what is contained within said bag. Hit that 2.1 million mark! Just increased my donation from $15 to $50 We should cruise past 1.8 mil by morning which mean the new it couple, Faravellone, (Bris wouldn't work for obvious reasons :p), will have so far brought in an 150K. Hey, so they're not as glamorous as Brangelina, but can Brad and Angelina make a great CRPG, I think not. Pledge increased to 50 :) Alright, I upped from 15 to 50 with this new news, sorry I am not a baller some like people but I hope it helps. Chris Avalon... hell yeah! Can we see the bag/contents? I'm considering upgrading, but I don't want to make the plunge to $500 and then find out I'm not a fan. 1.75 million =D With paypal's money we're almost at 1,775000... And that's no opinion. :p Very excited about the game, hope that more people stray away from companies like EA / Activision, and help push these fan published games. Don't rush it, take your time, and make it perfect! Good luck and can't wait to see the final product. I'm not campaigning here. And I would assume that Brian Fargo knows what he's doing, so this is a good thing. That said, I am still bitter about KOTR2. And when I hear Obsidion's name is on a game, I wait till it's out, read a mess of reviews and make a careful purchase decision. You may now fling poo to your heart's content. I like F:NV. Waaay better than Skyrim (hehe). the Old World Blues DLC is a must, very cool... @Travis and if the time you've budgeted is cut short, by the publisher, and then the publisher rolls the product out despite QA not being completed? Source: <url>"It seems you have no trouble ignoring NW2, Knights of the Old Republic 2 and Dungeon Siege 3" Yes, I'm ignoring all those games; the same way I'm ignoring Hunted: the Demon's Forge. There's nothing inconsistent about that because I'm applying the same standard equally to both Obsidian and inXile and not cherry-picking facts. @Adam, Your opinions are all wrong ;) i know a lot of people will yell at me for saying this, but i would like to see some multilayer in this. just SP co-op Because i really enjoy playing games with my friends. nwn2 was better singleplayer, but poor multiplayer. kotor 2 was NOT better than kotor. Dungeon siege 3 was loltastic, and don't forget the almost unplayable alpha protocol. F3 was better than NV. That being said, why are we even arguing otherwise? Is it not good enough that people join on and help? NV, kotor 2, and nwn2 were all good games, even if they weren't 'better' than the originals. Would still be great to have some of them on board. Kotor 2 does everything better (dialogues, caracters, etc) than Kotor 1 by Bioware, it hardly can be Obsidian's fault when their idiotic publishers forces them to release the game before it was finished so that they had to cut story and dialogues in the last third off the game in a way that it did not make sense anymore. This is exactly the publisher - developer relationship Fargo complained in his interview with ripten. Also NWN 2 was a huge improvement over the first one again by from the "beloved" Bioware. With the addon Mask of the Betrayer being a little masterpiece, little only because too few obviously played it. Furthermore even though DS3 might not be a hardcore RPG or similar, its predecessors were even worse in about every aspect, DS3 actually has a story, almost no technicall bugs/issues and even some gameplay (combat mechanics for instance which consisted in DS 1 only in using occasionally a potion, seriously one of my worst purchases I've ever did).. Surely one can dislike any of these games due to personal taste, but BAD games certainly look different It seems you have no trouble ignoring NW2, Knights of the Old Republic 2 and Dungeon Siege 3 But it seems you have no problem ignoring inXile's past. Pissboy?Oooooooooooh PISSboy!?!?! Yes Sir,here Sir! Bring that bucket ovaaah hee-ahh! Yes Sir ,sorry sir. That's bettah! What's wrong Pissboy ,don't you like your job ? Yes Sir! Sorry Sir! I never said anything was wrong with New Vegas... and I'm not trying to do anything bad here. But I cannot ignore the past. @David Ngo&Tyler Weiss , you opinions are in minority so I would not even bother if I was you, everyone else can see that update 7 is good for Wasteland 2, your not going to make this another S word epidemic! *anything to worry about Bah! All those fear mongering over Obsidian is bullocks. First it's already been said that "programming work will remain with us here at inXile", so no worry about buggy code; secondly this is going to be an open project, with people playing beta on steam, I hardly think there's another to worry about. I have no idea how much people have spent.. but i so far have spent $15... I mean really... how bad is this game going to be???.... The truth is its going to be fun no matter what... I do not get all the people worrying... Its going to be a blast to watch the game progress and to get to play it is going to be fun... there are going to be a bunch of talented people making it... I am not worried at all... lets all take a breath LOL "Please please please do not use Obsidian, they have not released one good game. Everything they touch with the exception of New Vegas turns to a bad game" inXile has not made any good games either. Or at least nothing better or equal to New Vegas, NWN2, KotOR2... If the idea of Obsidian being involved on Wasteland 2 discoruages you so much, then you should be terrified of inXile. Neverwinter Nights and Knights of the Old Republic Out of those only dungeon siege 3 might be bad. Kotor2> kotor aside from rushed Christmas deadline ending. nwn2>>> nwn especially mask of the betrayer @Tyler Weiss Your argument about the quality of obsidian or Chris Avellone is only based on opinion. I loved playing N I'm smelling another Cattleclysm f**ktard rant coming. :p I hope, that developers will spare my money for a month... at least. I'm speaking about possible Baldur's Gate 3 Kickstarter project. @Odd Ball remember what happened to Fallout 3 project (Van Buren) 2001-2003. it ain't obsidian itself who is gonna join in youse daft people. it's chris avellone from obsidian. y'know, the guy behind the design of planescape: torment (among all others)? Knights of the Old Republic 2 BAD Neverwinter Nights 2 BAD Dungeon Siege 3 BAD Please please please do not use Obsidian, they have not released one good game. Everything they touch with the exception of New Vegas turns to a bad game :(. Another news report about Tim Cain being involved would be great @Destraht if they use the FIFE engine I will be be very disappointed as I want a modern looking game but with Wasteland/Fallout 1&2/Arcanum/Another War/etc Mechanics and the few modern good ideas added as well, with FIFE we will get an old school everything, I don't think that is right. Chris Avellone interview here <url>"Let's Play" and not a Walkthrough like I did in my post though. @Yngve Yep.. I need to add this like into my digest too. Great video! @Tim Maki Why people not doing their job for love of their ideas? Even with all friendship company like Obsidian need to burn money to be alive and stay in business. Chris have work and salary and he can't just spend 50% of his working time because he love something. Its interesting idea, but isn't real one. He agreed because he love this kind of games and he want to work on that project, its all already risky. You can't just "buy" good developers and his feeling of games with money only... so I don't see anything bad in one extra tier! I don't think the 500 slot will sell out (I hope it does though) but a big dent was made in the 250 tier today ... =)) The response of people, by raising the funding so fast, hearing that Chris Avellone joins the project , is a good chance for Chris to see that we also need a new PLANESCAPE TORMENT ! @ Bernardo the Oliveira: was thinking this myself, I'd probably get $75 as I'm interested in beta, but have to include $15 shipping, and don't know about the customs, they'll probably charge me extra, so as you call it full digital package probably would be nice, but on the other hand the map and printed manual are nice, and i haven't bought a boxed game in a looong time. Thanks for the up, SXX. Keep it coming. I'm not sure if I like the connotations of Avellone/Obsidian coming onto the project based on pledge totals. If he's not gonna do it for love of the game, why bother? What's he gonna bring to the table? I mean, I'm not saying it's not work and that there should be some sort of compensation, I'm just thinking, is it a sense of camaraderie? Bringing the old team back together? Great YouTube Wasteland Walkthrough <url>#16/e=1f7176 This update discussion: <url>"force me" to get a physical box. I'll have to remind them later but it's fine. This user's account has been deleted. You can pledge with PayPal on their site (<url>"full digital package". If anyone else has the same issues and concerns it would be good to also send them a message. We might get them to create a different pledge option. I upped my pledge from $50 to $100. I really want Chris Avellone on this Game. I believe in the supremacy of talent and this game has to be good. Everybody up your pledged! I don't care if it's a small amount or not. Just up it! :D @Z Daniel Esgate This game is pretty special, so I don't it could be "Obsidian Game" or "Brian Fargo game". I sure all their developers will understand and feel this kind of game well and everybody can add something interesting from own experience. :) . GO GO GUYS! Lets break 100k per day! This is the first time I've been excited about this project. I have no nostalgia towards Wasteland, which I never played (partly because I had an Amiga at the time and it wasn't out for it), and though I started playing Fallout I never got much into it. Planescape: Torment, however, is a game I really loved, so any connection to it makes me more excited. @Andrew Gartland Thank! I pretty sure people should do the same if they like this update. It will be not only game of Brian Fargo, but game of lot of Black Isle team! Probably somebody else could join after some time! Impressive! Wow... just came back home and finding all these awesome news... amazing!!! @SXX My statement remains. I'm all for Tim Cain, Chris Avellone and Brian Fargo making magic. But I would rather it not turn into an Obsidian game. @Kent Keltner That question is asked lot of times here, Fargo doesn't own first game itself, only trademark. So that's all is just question to EA which is own original Wasteland. Just upped from $15 to 75$. This is looking like it's going to be something special and I want a lovely boxed copy of it to snuggle up with on those cold lonely nights... mmm. Any chance of being able to include the original Wasteland (setup with DOSBox or something similar to the gog.com releases)? @Z Daniel Esgate Obsidian its not only Chris Avellone, but lot of other Black Isle Staff: Feargus Urquhart, Tim Cain and lot more.. I think that team can give great ideas to the game! Nice to see Chris Avellone joining the roster here, but I hope this continues to be a Brian Fargo production, not an Obsidian title. Loved the writing on New Vegas and it's DLC's and felt emotionally connected to NWN2 and it's first expansion. But I've been burned on the story content of the last few Obsidian titles I picked up. Supporting this because I support Wasteland and inXile. :) If everybody upgrade their $15 to $30 project will get $300,000 of funding! What can be better than game of Brian Fargo, Chris Avellone and Tim Cain (he is work in Obsidian too)!?!? DO IT!! Upgrade your pledge! Tim Cain on GDC 2012: Fallout Classic Revisited: <url>"Wasteland 2 fan-art from Russia" on the Official Wasteland 2 Forums <url>"I need this much to make a game, I will decide what it will be about after funding ends." and I would have supported him the same way. @David I agree, FNV had more interesting dialogues. I sure Obsidian writers can make something much better if WL2 will not require voice! @Yngve Thanks. ) Woo! Under 400k to get the story writers of NV on board; much better story than Fallout 3, imho. :) @paintinggrey you know about that? ) Yes... and game, and novel by russians. Stalker made by Ukraine. But it too small, i want more games! Big games. Cool games. 50% what i did in my live - casual shit. Lot of many for that. But my developer soul can fire in the developers hell. My child ask me - what you made Father? I have no idea what i do it all these years. Casual popcorn. Hopefully this means that some of the talents of Tim Cain can be put to use....loved VTM:B.... @paintinggrey Russia is well known for having pretty hardcore yet silent gamers :P Probably they're silent because of pirating though xD Wow! Greatest update ever! Its going to be EPIC! Good work Rick! :) lol cool Rick Rick@Well ad least Metro 2033 is Russian ..well novel wise :) Hey guys you want to know about new rock group also known as Wastelanders?! I have photage for you! <url>"Obsidian Entertainment Chris Avellone, Obsidian's creative director, might just be working on a new project soon… inXile's Wasteland 2! Our two companies have come to an arrangement to collaborate together on the title, and we're extremely excited about the opportunity! But… we need to hit a funding goal and we need your help. Check out the Wasteland 2 Kickstarter page for more information!" Ditto to what Cattleclysm said...and yeah, add the f**ktard part...what the hell, it's Friday afterall. I live in WI, so that means wing and beer at happy hour!! f**ktard for everybody! In Brian Fargo we trust. Oops...is that blasphemy? i sold my bike and uppity uppidied my pledge :) @Tim it was Needles Brian, that's the key here--tools. You want to spend most of your time and money writing story? Let someone else handle the tech. This is amazing news. What Cattleclysm said... Er, without the f**ktard part. :p @Victor Kuo Good luck, we´ll hold you to that :D Having the toolset Obsidian developed will also help speed up development of the game. This is a win-win, really. For some reason I recall in the original Wasteland there were prostitues. Was that Needles or Quartz? You would get some diease is you paid them for some 'good times'. Hope WL2 has the same. Can't have an end of the world game without ****. You had my silent support. With the bit with Obsidian, you have my wallet. To the fucktards complaining about Obsidian: Most of their staff involved with Fallout, Baldur's Gate and other great RPGs. If a game is buggy, that is publisher's fault for pushing the deadline too much. Also: Fallout:NV>Fallout 3 I think it'll be wise to get Obsidian onboard with this game.. Lets get this to 2.1mill. @paintinggrey But in Russia we do not make interesting games. Almost. Casual and socials shit. I hate this. Excuse "my French". "the programming work will remain with us here at inXile" - Brian Fargo Obsidian worries me because every game they have ever released has had massive problems. At this point can it all be explained away as someone else's fault? @paintinggrey I work in game industry 12 years. ) Something I get to do. Sometimes. ) With more than 20k from paypal it's almost 1.725000. Upped my pledge... crossed my fingers. I've upped my pledge upon hearing the news as have many. I am so excited to see this game. @Robert Heavener I don't agree with that!! FONV was better than FO3 for starters!!I would agree that their games have a lot of bugs in them @Yngve LOL! FUN FACT: If Brian Fargo decides to neatly stack his now-collected 1,7 million dollar bills the tower of money would reach = 186 meters up in the air. Instantly upped my pledge to 115 when I heard the latest news. I mean holy shit. @ Christian ME 2 This is a crazy @ George Ligonis, This is true, anything they touch has turned to trash. NW2, DS3, FONV, lol @ SWKotR 2 all trash. Unfortunately they try to expand on ideas that already work. Their fascination of bringing PC based games/series cross console has lead to nothing but trash. But Chris Avellone is Chris Avellone, and Planescape Torment is the greatest RPG of all time. behold the effect of update #7: <url>Łukasz Cyfert: I hope too. We need turn game history back again. Into the time when games been GAMES. Every pixel, every word - been great. I gave up my job to paint for the Wasteland 2. Gamers and developers should understand that the world is changing. And we get the power. @Rick Awesome work mate, i couldn't tell the difference!!! Obsidian-Black Isle-Interplay = Planecape , Baldurs Gate , Icewind Dale , Fallout . + there are no publishers to put their nose where they don't belong so ........ Wasteland 2 = AWESOME ! loving the difference being shown now for the last few hours on the Wasteland 2 Kickstarter progress graph -<url>"band back together" could be truly amazing. If we get anything remotely close to Torment's quality in Wasteland 2, then I will be VERY happy. Also everyone can agree that Chris Avellone is magnificent writer and def increase the level of writing in the game!! I upped my pledge so that I can do my part in getting Obsidian onboard! seems like a very good update, I can't pledge anymore, but lets get this to 2.1 mill, I think this could seriously benefit the game as a whole This user's account has been deleted. More fun-stuff for Wasteland. How it's starts: Wasteland 2 promo logo: <url>#7 just rocked my socks off. Many people who worked at Black Isle (You know, the people behind Fallout 1 and 2 among other amazing games) are at Obsidian now. Getting them to work on the game would be amazing, people just blindly complaining about them need to do some research. To me, this is a dream come true. <url>"buggy" image is imho totally exaggerated. Especially since many of their games basically blew their respective predecessor game regarding story, dialogue out of the water. Kotor 2 is literally kicking Kotor's Ass if it weren't for the publisher maggots that rushed the game to death for the christmas shopping window. NWN 2 is also so much better than NWN and NWN2 Mask of the Betrayer is just epic win for a CRPG. Anyone who loves CRPGs and misses that one has only himself to blame. And even Alpha protocol is awesome in terms of story and dialogue - I kid you not that I found out about several story twist and side aspects only via youtube vids of alternate dialogue choices - but was totally underfunded thanks to a shitty publisher as well and hence has a shitty reputation. Therefore I'm going to so absof#ckinglutely upp my pledge here @Stephen Peart - Why would you, or any of us, have a say in it? They may listen to opinions but the game is not going to be made by consensus. Thankfully. I sure hope that Brian and team take note that news like this really helps not only energize the folks that have already pledged but a ton of new pledges as well. Keep the good news rolling Brian!!! @piotr Couldn't Have Said It Better This user's account has been deleted. LOL NOT, not now, damn kickstarter, give us edit button already! @jj Yes, I'm monitoring stats site( <url>#p18546 "Obsidian will not do any programming. InXile is doing all the programming for this title. InXile is getting them in for design work and licensing tools." My mind just exploded all right. Obsidian! Damn! Boom! WOW! O.O We have to make this happen. Now more than ever! :D @Soeren: well said. wow, simply wow. After this announcement pledges simply rocketed up in the last hour, almost returning to initial speed. This way we can beat DFAG after all. I'm still a little pessimistic about it, but my faith about this improved greatly! About the autographs: I would realy would like the *whole* team signatures. If these guys are again together due to crowdsourcing, this will be an historical event that I would like to see recorded that way: by all involved. Regardless of Obsidian I'm all about this. This user's account has been deleted. Great news. Looks like the pledges have accelerated greatly in the last couple of hours. Should reinforce the idea that the choice of collaborating with obsidian is the right one. To all those complaining about it needs to realize that Obsidian represents the finest RPG developers today. They have been mostly developing outsourced projects with a very strict set amount of creative leeway, time and money available, for the most part they've done great, especially in regards to writing. In short they represent the most capable developers of RPGs out there today, and under Fargos supervision it'll be grand! Obsidian joining in is nothing but a good thing and all you grumpy mamby pambies who say otherwise/threatening to drop your backing will not be missed. @Andrew ... sigh! Obsidian's FONV is in my opinion one of the best rpg games I ever played. If you cannot "endorse" Obsidian´s work, just calmly take a look at Avellone´s portfolio. @Brian Sfinas: Excellent point. I would assume new members to the team would have their signatures added to the pledge rewards or at least I hope. with Obsidian inXile too Chris Avellone and Tim Cain Feargus Urquhart Brian Fargo and Josh Sawyer Here on neo-Black Isle I'm currently enrolled at the 100 dollar level. I'll up it to 250 if we get confirmation that Chris Avellone's signature will also be on the box alongside Fargo's if it reaches 2.1 million and Obsidian joins in. What about Tim Cain? Just wanted to post my utmost support for the project and the people behind it. Making dreams come true! Andrew: If you can't see how additional development tools and infrastructure will benefit this project, you're a fool. It's still going to be developed according to Brian Fargo's vision, just with additional support available to them. And let's be real, here, it's not as if inXile's track record is flawless either. Either you believe in this project or you don't. Please involve master designer, fallout expert and insanely smart and handsome Obsidian developer J. E Sawyer. His ideas on hex based combat, character design, writing and over all themes for the original Fallout 3 can't be ignored. Let's hit 2.1 Million and Fallout 1 & 2 co-creators will join the development too! <url>"GAMER" buddies.They would be so shocked at my unreasonable words.I am also a nerd/Gamer.Apologies to the easily offendable types.(bows,sweeps hat ) people are saying don't blame developers for buggy or bad games?! that's insane. who is to blame? everyone else that didn't touch the game? the people that screwed around with no vision or commitment to finishing what they started or knowing when they bit off more then they can chew? forcing teams to crunch and spread themselves to thin because the producer or ceo doesn't have the balls to tell the publisher their monday morning idea is horrible. developers need to take more responsibility. One of the reasons I'm excited for these kickstarter projects is because the people making them have all the responsibility to make something good and if they dont then they have no one to pass the blame onto. Avellone joining this project is amazing! I´m backing @265€ and more & more happy about how this is progressing. Regarding Avellone's most recent work (afaik) - FO New Vegas - I think it's a work of art and absolutely amazing! And Black Isle's games are my games of choice without any doubts. Wonderful times ahead - thank you! I got 2 die hard rpg nerds into Fallout with New Vegas(who swore they hated shooters).They hung around my house for months drinking beer,and listening to awesome tunes. They coined a term for it even.they would come by and do their "falling out." They didnt even own a console. They'll be psyched for a computer version of post apocalyptic doom in the tradition they are familiar with. Anyone know why they havne't yet posted the ripten interview on the update page here and this news should obviously be posted there as well? @Zilfin: Well said!!!! I pledged my money because I trust in Brian Fargo's vision. Doesn't matter who he brings in.. it's Brian's vision and his game. If I didn't beleive in Brian, I wouldn't have pledged. Sounds like some of us just don't trust in his vision.. then why are you here in the first place? sorry I meant publisher instead of developer in the comment before :) Is there no delete comment option? @moshev They will be developing in a medium they are familiar with (no getting used to a new engine and tweaking it), they will not have the game pushed out 6 months early by a piece of shit developer, they will not have to rely on Publisher QA, they can do it inhouse. All very exciting things. I hope (and believe it will be the case) that Obsidian's involvement will be where they are strong. Dialogue, stories, etc. No one has said they're bringing Obsidian on to program it. It's one guy, Chris Avellone, not the entire obsidian! Anyway people need to stop blaming developers for buggy games if they haven't been given time to finish the game. @Jason... come on, sorry but you obviously don't know what you're talking about. Obsidian are the guys from Black Isle. Black Isle!!! I want depth, intelligent gameplay, not some cheap indie game. AND New Vegas is a masterpiece. They are bringing Avellone and some of Obsidian's resources not all of Obsidian. Not that I care if Obsidian comes on board as long as this stays an old school tb rpg. @moshev Obsidian's buggy games are almost always a result publishers pushing up their release dates and pushing out broken games without giving Obsidian the time to fix them. Check out what this news has done to the pledging in just the last hour ... awesome: <url>"S" word again. Spread the effin' WORD, people!!! I'm droolin' rainbows. (Already have my pledge at 100, so... no increase.) @AdamStamos...well said. Why on earth bringing Obsedian into the mix is going to help make the game that was mentioned when it all started is beyond me. AAA title here we come. Indie ethos out the window, it's Fallout New Vegas style for Wasteland..yippee...not Avellone coming on board? I just upgraded from $15 to $50. I'll have to wait a bit before I raise the pledge but I'd love to have people from Obsidian on board. I wish publishers were to show some more respect to them (and the deadlines, and the QAs...). Poor Aliens RPG. :( wow,it got boost,I'm now temped to rise my pledge John spits on the ground and joins you lol @ Marcos. Obsidian STARTED the Fallout franchise when they were Black Isle, you mouth breather. To many cooks comes to mind. This is going from an Indie game with all of the delights that may hold to a AAA RPG game. Now lets watch the whole game change slowly but surely into something else with a dodgy 3D look and terrible camera controls etc etc. @ Marcos F S Jr Obsidian was pressured by the Developers with Kotor 2 and Fallout New Vegas. But they gave the Fallout series it's flair back. On the other hand Alpha Protocol was one of the best First person shooter - RPGs I've ever played. I just bought the collectors edition of FALLOUT 3 ,New Vegas,and the off amazon originals off amazon last week,and I'm still considering raising my pledge.....I got ......a fever ,and the only cure....is more post apocalyptic dismemberment. My brain just exploded like a blood sausage. This user's account has been deleted. Might have to up my pledge to 100$ now that one of my favorite developers, Obsidian, will be involved. I just hope these guys don't hesitate to extend their deadlines if the game is still rough or buggy at the end of the 18 months. We all know Obsidian's track record with QA and deadlines, lol. Oh !@#(* please let obsidian out of this!!! They are the reason i stopped liking the fallout franchise! They also pooped on KoTOR 2! Just upped my pledge as well.... Just upped my pledge. *gotta buy new pants$ Been agonizing if I could pledge to this game all week but with the Obsidian news you guys just sold another Collectors edition. Hope to god it makes it to 2.1M. Good luck! Its not all Obsidian per the article "... if they can reach $2.1 million during the 17 days remaining on the funding schedule, they’ll be bringing in Obisidian Entertainment, including Planescape: Torment mastermind Chris Avellone, to help them make the game." @Adam: The bugs are the fault of the publishers, for the most part. Take a look at the recent interview with Brian Fargo where he discusses publishers. It's scary. Umm ... the news today is giving a nice little boost .... 2.1Mil here we come ... How is this a good thing? All the talent at Obsidian left or was lost years ago, now they just make games with more bugs than game play... unless they piggy back on some one else's game then there is just as much game play as there are bugs. I'm sorry but I'd like to actually be able to play Wasteland 2 when it comes out and not have to wait 6 months for a fan made patch to make it playable. I'd rather see the money go towards making a beautiful but mod-able game engine for the series. Unless Brian Fargo plans on hand picking the members from the Obsidian team and brings them over to inXile I'm not very enthusiastic about this news. Right here: <url>"they’ll be bringing in Obisidian Entertainment, including Planescape: Torment mastermind Chris Avellone, to help them make the game" .....I am speechless...I just HAVE to reach 2.1 mil! I´m so much looking forward to this game! <url>– I have just upped my pledge. People, help the TAKEDOWN project come to life! Tactical shooter is as cool as classical RPG :D Fallout 1 and Fallout 2 have been the games I have enjoy the most in my entire life, I spent tons and tons of hours of my childhood playing these 2 games. They are simply the best games ever made. Then Beteshda ruined the franchise with Fallout 3, we have to be honest, that is not Fallout at all, it is a completely failure. But now I know that Bryan will create the game we all are expecting for, I am very very excited about this game, for that reason this is the first project in this page I help, because I want to remember the good times of the rpg genre. I am an rpg lover and I know this game will fulfill my expectations. Wasteland 2 will be my new favorite game and will teach Beteshda and Bioware and etc.... HOW TO MAKE A VERY GOOOOOOOOOOD RPG GAME!!!!! the idea is GREAT, I mean adding Chris Avellone to the gang will be amazing.. but with Obisidian!!! she got that fancy 3D engine and wasteland 2 gonna be isometric will that reflect something to the design of the game.. Just wondering??? Anyway... good news overall... :) So another $450,000 in 17 days - this must happen! hopefully,new statement about this soon @Ziv Shamir-You.Are.TheMan(spoken like Christopher Walken) Oh wow - ok, certainly have something to post about now :-)) Obsidian and inXile working together - must make this happen! <url>"Coming Soon" for all three. Thanks in advance. Enough rewards... let them spend it on the game! Adding new rewards to the tiers above $15 to encourage people to move up a bracket would be good, too. Indeed Richard - the interviews are great but they mostly keep covering the same ground. We need new stuff to get conversations going on forums etc. A vid of the inXile offices, some shorts talking to some of the Wasteland devs - they don't have to be professionally done videos either. Someone just grabbing a handheld home vid recorder would do. :-) We really need things that we can link to and use to get interest going again. Well, here's a tweet from Trent that will make a lot of us happy: "We want to do Planescape: Torment after the BG series." I firmly believe we'll pass 2 million, but I'm hoping Brian and company are planning some new things very soon, (besides interviews), to, er, kick-start the KickStarter. Here is a video for "Another War" <url>"Another War", really good little game released on 2002. Not much on Wikipedia but found this <url>#!/TrentOster/status/180383395937914880 Not sure if anyone has seen it allready, but this one looks cool too. Alos the Project presentation vid is great: <url>`s actually pretty interesting. we only need 350000 and we have 18 days 2 million is reachable at 95% even a 60% confidence. Do you people think we can push this to the 2 million mark? I have hope. Read and article that says the last days on a kickstarter project always seem to see and increasing number of pledges. And if you need more proof here's one of Trent's latest tweets at #bgee: "Yes, it will be compatible multi-player cross-platform. We had a Mac, iPad and PC joined into a game together. Actually that would be Trent Oster, not Tent Oster, his evil twin. :p @Daniel No. No. No. No.... And NO. :p It's for the PC, Ipad and now MAC. From Tent Oster, the man himself, "So far we've committed to PC and #iPad 1,2 and 3." The addition of a MAC version came today. @ Richard Blackrose I'd agree with you about waiting for the Enhanced Edition of BG if not for one little caveat... Thus far, they've only announced it as being an iPad release. Seriously? Who wants to play a mammoth game such as the Baldur's Gate series ... on their iPad? Reaching the 2m mark :D Hope the "takedown" project arrives at 200k mark :( another very nice idea... @Bernardo You're right, it's worth it just for that. :D @Rob Relax, I got it. :p I think Waterloo's my favorite ABBA song. @ Richard Blackrose I agree. But I still payed the $5 just for the Icewind Dale games and Planescape: Torment. :) @richard blackrose-uh that wasn't calling you a queen,only quoting another song that I love.ha @richard blackrose-only 17 ,and a dancing queen. @Dennis Thank you. I'll be here all week. Try the veal. :p @Bernardo You're right that is an incredible deal... But BG series-wise, this, although it will cost more, is worth waiting for: <url>´ll will do that. Would´ve been awesome if the first game came was included but I guess the rights for the game isnt included in the deal he made with EA. Brotherhood of Steel = BoS BoS = Fallout Tactics? That was was a fantastic game! @Ikeer Savage I would suggest watching gameplay videos of Fallout 1 & 2 for the best 'idea' of what your in for. @Doran: I agree or as I have posted before if everyone in the lower tiers just bumped $15 more we'd make 2Mil +. What would those backers like to see or hear to inspire them to do so if they can of course. This user's account has been deleted. @Jp "Besides the awful BoS." You mean Fallout PoS, at least that's what we called it back in the day. :p I joined Kickstarter just to back this project. I can't wait to see how the game turns out. I've played every game in the Fallout series (besides the awful BoS) and have really been kind of disheartened in the way that franchise has been taken, as well as the direction of the gaming industry as a whole. NV was a step in the right direction, but it just didn't feel the same. I just learned about this project today, and I have to say that it has inspired hope in me for the future of gaming as a whole. It really is heartwarming to know that there are fans out there such as me who are willing to support a project like this with their own money. Can't wait to see what you guys do with my backing money. I don't even have to suggest anything - I know whatever it's used for, it will be for the good of the game, not to sell more copies. Thank you for being a beacon of hope among a sea of multi-billion dollar franchise wars. We need to average 800-900 a hour every hour between now and April 17 to reach 2 million. I hope it picks up towards the end. Would love to see more big spenders come in and knock out some 10K and 5K spots. This community is damn cool. Much love to those who stuck it out through the silly weekend. Our latest network poll says that 98% of all bullies hate nerds! I hope we can get this project past a couple million (three million would be even better!) to make it larger and more content-filled. Here's my wishlist (in order of importance): 1. Lots of C&C -- choices in how to finish quests, choices that impact the game world and the ending. I'm not sure any games did this better than the original Fallout games. Let's improve it even more! 2. Terrific and consistent setting/writing -- the original Wasteland was before my time as a gamer, but the original Fallout had the perfect setting and tone for me. I hope Wasteland 2 can recapture that, in a way that is distinctly Wasteland of course. 3. Isometric 4. Party-based, either player controlled or uncontrolled team members 5. Turn-based After all that, it would be nice for it to be easily moddable for users to continue to expand on the content and size of the world (don't care so much for graphical enhancements). Multiplayer would be okay, but it's only interesting to me as a LAN function where I could join in with a friends party. This function should definitely take a back seat to the world, the choices, and the content. I do not like RPG games that much.. I did not play wasteland :(.. but the kickback project and see a copy of battlechess in the background made me support this project. I also back the double Adventure and to be honest what i liked of that project was the documentary. Open up the curtain of the problems conflicts crunch time etc that happen when the game is build!. anyway.. i'll guess this will be my first RPG.. would i need to know what the first wateland was a bout to understand or enjoy this game? @knux81-hahahahahahahahahahaahah I'm making a website where anyone can come and make a collaborative story on the internet for the whole world to see. Also, you'll be able to self-publish your books directly to the website. I made a Kickstarter to get some support: <url>"flavor" of Wasteland came from a few things: Omniscient control of a party of aventurers Isometric perspective Simple, yet robust turn-based strategic combat Gritty realism mixed with dark humor I hope all of these things will reappear in Wasteland 2. How would your list of essential Wasteland 2 elements differ from mine? Any idea if the PayPal collection is summed up in this Kickstarter total? If not, I am curious how much the whole total is...would be awesome if it is closer to 2mil... @matthew barker-How did you ,me and dakkon and the others create the new fallout.out exactly?Just wondering? @ET3D LOL! The games I listed are the only games I have constantly gone back to over the years. Even if it is just to play them for five minutes every so often. It's like a comfort blanket I guess...After being disappointed by so many of the recent releases...I tend to go back and play games that you could tell were made as a labour of love.. The advent of kickstarter has given the developers hold of the reigns again. The people that actually want to make games for other people. Brian and crew, Interplay and its partners are responsible for some of my fondest memories (and continuing adventures) in gaming. Much love! The only games I have installed on every machine are Solitaire and Minesweeper. :) The Fallout games on GOG are awesome. I up until recently owned the boxed ultimate collection (cardboard box...not dvd case) and had to fight to get them to install and run on later machines. The ones from GOG ran straight off the bat. The prices was decent too. Fallout has been one of the few games that I have installed on every machine I have ever owned. The others being System Shock 2, X-COM UFO and TFTD and Buck Rogers:Countdown to Doomsday. Never played Wasteland but I have played all the Fallout Games from start to current and all the games by Black Isle. Supporting this project in the hope that Brian can put Black Isle Studios back together. All the best Brian, we're behind you all the way! I agree there's a chance of that. They'll be a good deal, then. :) This user's account has been deleted. @Mikael, these sell on GOG, so obviously they have some sales (I bought Fallout on GOG, so I can be sure it had at least one sale). It will be up to Bethesda to determine if these sales are worth keeping it there. I don't know what its other considerations are. I just found out that Planescape: Torment might get a remake in the future. I'm excited. <url>#!/TrentOster/status/183904243772698625 @ Mikael because they are for free! www.elderscrolls.com @ Kjartan Fredrik Kvamm If you only want to play the original Wasteland (as opposed to collecting it) then it is considered abandonware. That is, you can get a playable copy from abandonia.com or from a large number of other sites that love and distribute old games. This user's account has been deleted. @ Mikael I think Bethesda will milk the cash cow as long it has milk :) Doesn't sound good. I didn't know about that. My guess is that they'll be pulled from gog.com. Already happened to at least one game there that it got pulled, so it's possible. Though I figure that if the games are selling then there's no reason for Bethesda to stop selling them. Mikeal, Mikeal, does that mean existing F1/2 products like the GOG.COM are going to be affected? i.e. will they be pulled from sales? This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. i don't know why, but i think there will be an updated Fallout 1 & 2 in the near Future. The great thing about games like Fallout 1 & 2 is that you must take time to play these kind of games. I am going to admit I never played the original wasteland. However I played Fallout 1 when I was but a pup. What a game. I am super excited to see what comes out of this project. Considering what I paid for a Mass Effect first day DLC anything of marginal quality will justify my $15. Thanks for the initiative and good luck. Is this meantime? This user's account has been deleted. This baby has 4 mil tucked in her heart. I'm still hoping for over 3 million. Go go lets reach 2 million! Is it going to be isometric with sprites or isometric 3d? If it's 3d you could have some sweet cinematic camera angles when attacks play out, like VATS in fallout 3... then again if you make the attacks as cool as battle chess I'm in; and those were all sprites. A vampire easter egg wouldn't be too bad an idea. Like maybe an entrance to a club house that has a sign that says "No Vampires" or maybe even a random encounter where we get to pack a 'romantic vampire' full of lead and have the artists create a unique death animation for our enjoyment. =p I strongly recommend reading the ripten interview to all, I had been considering raising my pledge, but after reading the article and getting a better idea for Brian's vision and passion, I committed to raising. Just read the interview mentioned below and that was very interesting, I totaly agree with putting it on the front page "Speaking of Bullfrog, maybe they'll hop on kickstarter and create a Dungeon Keeper 3!" EA owns the IP but I don´t care for the name, I would gladly support the old Bullfrog team, one of the best studios at that time and even today few have done better games then they did. I ordered it from there. I'm guessing the game itself is the same as the original, although presumably it has been remastered on CD-ROM? This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. @Kjartan : Only used copies on ebay, I'm affraid. Does there exist any place where a copy of the original Wasteland can be legitimately purchased? (preferably digital download) I tried GOG and Steam, but it's not on them. Great interview indeed ! And some people from the "Must Include" section in Wasteland 2 forums should read carefully : no vampires... The ripten interview really is Brian's best one yet and should be on the front page as update #7. It really does solidify the "vision" of this game and who they are targeting and who they are NOT trying to please :) All of it was music to my ears and hope he continues to speak about this project that way. The interview also felt like he has now said "farewell to any future big publisher contracts." Very candid and insightful. The thought that the creative force behind a game had ZERO input into the intro cinematic or voice direction is beyond comprehension. Is it any wonder the games we get today are so bad? @mindx2 It's not you. :D Is it me or has the pledge rate increased since the ripten interview? @Nicholas As someone who did find some of your posts unnecessarily antagonistic, that was a classy mea culpa. Very, rare on the interwebs where, "I am right, you're an idiot," rules... Which is, btw, why I decided years ago that arguing on the net is an exercise in futility. So, instead I chose the path of humor for most of my comments and responses, (er, well, at least they seem humorous to me :p), which is why the majority of my posts have one or more silly smileys in them. It's pretty bad that I'm already impatient to play this game and they dont even have the money yet. This user's account has been deleted. In my last few posts I tried to avert a new marathon of flaming posts, a task I spectacularly failed at as I only gave a new target rather than removed one. For that I very much apologies. I'll still stick around to read whats happened but beyond that, as part of my penance for my many errors here, I'll not be adding to the conversation. Sorry again for the trouble. @Matther: I'm feeling a new Kickstarter project ... @Fredrik Sivertsson I just want to make sure brian doesn't take all of these great ideas completely off of the table. I think me, dakkon, Sean, jatanoppa, Rob Crane, JJ, Scott Steinfath, and, Vadrick. just created the new Wasteland. @Tim Bauer: Personally, while it hurts my senses to note magazines referred to as "clips", I think it's necessary for historical continuity to maintain the use. :D DUNGEON KEEPER! I'll back that in a heart beat....mby even more than i gave for W2 :D How could I forget C&C, Warcraft 2, Dungeon Keeper, and Planescape Torment from the Golden Age. And the first Age of Empires. Speaking of Bullfrog, maybe they'll hop on kickstarter and create a Dungeon Keeper 3! Civ 2, Sid's Gettysburg, BG1&2, FO1&2, X-COM, Jagged Alliance 1&2, Icewind Dale, Half-Life. The Golden Age of Gaming. They don't make games like that anymore. I can't wait for this game! And I am more then happy to show my support to brian and his team! Brian and Interplay/Black Isle worked on the best games I ever played, Baldur's Gate 1&2, Fallout 1&2, Icewind Dale. I wish InXile could do a real Fallout 3 for us, but as Bethesda owns the license and Wasteland 2 is about as close as I can get. I'm sure it will contain all the elements I loved from F1&2. Magazines fully enclose the ammunition, clips don't. Clips also generally hold much smaller quantities of ammunition. Some guns that use clips: The M1-Garand, the Mauser Karabiner98. Some guns that use Magazines: The HK MP5, the Colt M16, the AK-47. The $30 tier is not that attractive. If the 15$ pledgers will up it to 30$ we will reach easily 2 mil. Of course only if they can, because is not easy "doing" money these days. I think that Wikipedia sums it up nicely: "The detachable magazine is often controversially referred to as a clip.[" Just one more entry into the "Everything I know I learned through video-games" category. The difference between a clip and a magazine. Very interesting and great bit of trivia. I just wanted to come with the hint that there are several different pre paid credit card options. Here in Sweden we have from MasterCard something called SpendOn. It works very well over Amazon and is easy to use. You can find it at Pressbyron. But google and you should be able to find a local seller of pre paid credit cards. @NikolausDorfner you are so right....they are called magazines. As a shooter, that is pet peve of mine. Normally I am pretty laid back, but that for some reason makes me twitchy when people call a magazine a clip. Hopefully the writers will get that straight in WL2. :-) That crazy guy with red boots that "thinks" he is a vampire should also be wearing a Big Ass Games hat and look just like the guy from the video. :) I already backed, but I need to add some important feed back. Clips are not magazines, magazines are not clips. Learn the difference, it could save your life. @Umbrae Soulsbane i vote that !! great idea :P @donnie-I did roughly the same thing,only about a year later.Same feeling.Now I am slowly working my way through Fallout,figuring stuff out as I go,and I must say,I feel the same way.But then ,I love Post Apocalyptic games.I never did finish that EVIL last race level on the Nintendo mad max version.My controller can only accept so much RAGE. I hope the interface is more 90s than next-gen. At least some crazy guy that "thinks" he is a vampire. :) @ Scott Steinfath Ha ha ha ha! There definately should be a single vampire with red boots in the game, a nice little easter egg for those who watched Brian's video :) You mean you disagree with that? Wasn't clear from your text. If that's the case, sorry. @ ET3D that says Corporate Comander not me :-)! @jemandem, yeah, calling people dumb is the best way to convince them they're wrong. I just hope that the Interface will not be 90's. And now go to work you lazy programmers :D I like to see that game on the Nintendo 3DS or even the sony mind trick consol vita. The only place i play with my i phone is @WC..(thats why angry birds is so sucsessfull one lvl and you can sitch off and miss nothing) Deep games like Fallout 1,2 and Wastland need time to get in to the world. Why sould anyone play on a android or I phone for 10 min's and then switch it off.. The only guy thet gets mony out of it is Corporate Commander. Dump customers pay twice :-) If you wana play mobil on your bussines travel use your laptop. "I don't really understand how this work, is ti really hard to port a game to a tablet or console AFTER it is done?" Probably not, but putting some time into selecting the right tools up front could make it easier later. "Even then for this game I think the degradation of control from a touch interface would render porting it to such devices pointless. They're really more for simple, casual games that don't require perfectly accurate interaction." Yes, I'm sure the headshots will be hard to nail. Come on, it's a turn based RPG. How accurate do you have to be? @Mathew Barker :P ahhhhh, I see what you did there :) I played fallout 3 five months after it was released I did EVERYTHING in the game and baught all dlc. I wanted more so I bought the fallout trilogy and my mind was blown at how awesome fallout 2 was, and the original was almost as good, I even enjoyed tactics a lot. then I heard about wasteland being the inspiration for fallout. I played it and was impressed with what the game was able to do despite how basic it was in comparison. So when this came to my attention I put down 250$, I may go hungry for a while but wasteland 2 will taste so good. Yeah, and turn based combat in 2012? It should depend entirely on quick time events. Or maybe it should be rhytm-based with some cool controller! While were add it, let's add an achievement for collecting every single object lying around, worth 100 gamer points™ dont forget achievements and cool player ranks, like master player tactican ranger Who plays RPG's anyways? it should be FPS. Zombies make everything better...but not for you.Just for them.By the brain eating. @Mathew: zombies and lots o'brainsssss .... ;) it would be a trifecta Vampires with red boots. That's the ticket. If I don't get what I want, I am pulling my pledge! love the videos, can't wait for the game Mathew , what about werewolves? I want to see vampires in the game. there shoul be a vampire fact5ion, and all of the NPCs should be vampires. @ Bernardo Okay, right off the top you have too many damn names. ;) Secondly, FONV has not been mentioned by me once, I'm strictly trashing, er, I mean talking about FO3. Actually, if Bethsoft hadn't tried to pretend if was a Fallout game, as games go it wasn't that bad. Thirdly, I have no problem with anyone here liking FO3... Er, just if you see me in RL, pretend you don't know me. :p And one last point. " I loved been able to use my sniper rifle to kill people." Not sure if you should be admitting that in a public forum, Bernardo. ;) :p Backed at $50...so happy just to look forward to a) one of the best old school crpgs of all time and b) a box with a manual...seriously miss those. Also, my hope is we will eventually see other series brought back from oblivion (pun intended). What I would give to see a true Bards Tale sequel...true Phantasie sequel (not the IV released in Japan), Wizards Crown III /sigh... @Adam Trojanowski-thanks for the link and instructions.me am no smrt. I don't really understand how this work, is ti really hard to port a game to a tablet or console AFTER it is done? Because I really think they should not worry about making anything other than a computer version of Wasteland 2. But latter, I totally okay with converting the game to tablets, console, smart phones or whatever. Call me selfish, but I don't really care how good this versions would be because I will never play them. And about the other discussion, I'm another one of the fans that really liked the new Fallout games! Who cares if they are not as hard and if they are made for the mass market, I had a really good time playing them! Even though there are a lot of things that I like on the old ones (specially turn based combat) I have to confess that the first person view was quite nice. I loved been able to use my sniper rifle to kill people that were in a different are of the game. Fallout 1 and 2 are one kind of game, Fallout 3 and New Vegas, another. To me, all of them were good. Keep 'em coming from every direction I say! This is amazing if not for the pitch video alone and its jabs at modern-day development. Oh yeah, and the fact that I played the first on my Tandy in my early teens, for a bajillion hours, shuttered away in my room, dragging my irradiated party across the desert, when I should really have been doing my homework. So happy for this. So very happy! Loved the new interview with Brian Fargo. It makes me want to back it ... But I already have. (>.<) @Bekays 1. get dosbox <url>"mount c /path/to/wasteland/directory" (no quotes) 6. type "c:" 7. type "wl" tada! If I could get a working copy of the original wasteland in emulation on my Mac to tide me over until October 2013 I would double my 50 dollar backing. Anyone? I think tablet ports would be a valid option but some work would have to be done to make it work. If at 2million the base game would have to be sacraficed to make a good tablet port. A profit analysis would have to be done before any decision to port Wasteland can be made. Baker funding won't be used to make an iPad version of Wasteland because of the expense of doing an analysis. Just read the interview <url>"I already know what they want at $2M. We have forums out there. It’s larger world and more content, more dialog, more audio, more NPC portraits. I’m going to do all that stuff! Hey, maybe at 3 million. :p So, lets get back to "what will we get for 2 million"? IPad support??? Who's with me?? @odd Ball "gamers game they shouldn't hate!" Then you'd better stay far away from the Codex statue in WL2 cause if you get too close it will kill you with its hate ray. :P I liked the new Fallouts and Rage and I really enjoy CRPGs as well, I am looking toward to Fallout 4 and Wasteland 2, gamers game they shouldn't hate! @Mega You say true spiritual successor, I say fake usurper and the only spirit involved must have been the cheap rotgut they were getting drunk on while they were creating it. :p Another vote that FO3 was a worthy successor, in a different genre, to FO. I think Beth does good work...only problem is, i think their success has somewhat dictated them moving to a more mass market mentality. There's room of W2 and FO3/4 though. We're starving for the old experience, though, because it's dried up. But it doesn't make FO3 heresy, though. It was a new imagining of the universe. I really thought they did a good job. Thank you everybody! Wasteland was one of the games that made me the die hard rpg fan I am today. I'm also glad to see people continue to add to the total! @Mathew Barker: I agree 100% that more isn't always better. I'd much have a tighter experience for 30 hours than 100 hours with over half of it being tedious filler. Plus, who has time to play lots of insanely long games? @meganothing - "And you might not like the FPS aspect of FO3, but apart from that the game was a true successor in spirit to Fallout."... Um... I can't seem to find the right words... but... um... NO... NO... NO! And here is another happy backer looking forward to the linux version of a literary, mature, bloody and darkly funny game. Yes, I hope they don't forget to include lots of intelligent, black, sarcastic, ironic ... humor. Oh, and to give my opinion on two hot subjects in this forum: PS:T was simply perfect (the game itself, I'm not talking about the bugs) And you might not like the FPS aspect of FO3, but apart from that the game was a true successor in spirit to Fallout. @Frank Sorry, dude, no props to Bethsoft for crapping up Fallout 3. Especially when we should have had the real Fallout 3 aka Van Buren. (There's a special place in hell reserved for you, Herve.) <url>"full circle" of it. The original Wasteland captured my imagination and propelled me through Fallout 1&2...through 3, New Vegas, etc (yes, I know >2 was other people, but give props all around for the continuity of the Wasteland world). I hope you guys get massively rolling and keep us hardcore RPG fans delighted! YEAH RPGCodex!!! Can't wait to visit our shrine where grumpy, foul-mouthed, pessimistic, cynical old gamers hang out :) Major brofists to rpgcodex.net who finished their wasteland fundraiser and just donated $10k towards the game. <url>#post-2024353 And, yeah, I'd love a new Bard's Tale - I'd love to see inXile's take on updating that type of gameplay with this generation's tools. Of course...I can't wait to see Wasteland 2. As someone who dearly loves old school RPGs, loves it when they're literary, and especially when they tackle mature themes, I still can't believe that I hated Torment. I still don't get it. Did I play the same game as other people - it seemed cliched, short, and odd for the sake of being odd with no real point. On top of it (and NOT the game's fault), the experience was marred by it crashing my laptop with certain spells. But, I just - didn't get the story, in fact, I'm not even sure if I ever understood it. I'm playing Wasteland again. I don't know the last time I played a game where I'm not sure what I'm supposed to do, but I'm sure having fun doing/not doing it. I guess not dissimilar to how Morrowind starts. Guys, glad to be on board. MAKE IT ROCK. Do not settle for anything less than what is YOUR VISION (including us rabble here). Good luck with it! Brilliant interview, what I love about inxile there is a face to the company. I can not recall ever seeing an interview like this with EA/Blizzard/Bioware etc, they just seem totally faceless to me. I agree, I really think this latest interview should be in an official Kickstarter update, to cancel out all the worry caused by the 'social' thing. Totally restored my faith in Brian. So everyone, read it :) <url>"S" word [dead in the water :) ] and how fan input will be implemented. This is clearly his best discussion on Wasteland 2 and it should be front page here. This kind of interview can/ will generate more pledges. @mindx2...thankyou kind sir. Most honourable of you. @Nicholas Russell...at least my comment was an opinion. I'm a busy person, to little time to read comments especially ones as banal as yours. Infact your self righteous attitude is another reason why can't be bothered. To many like you post on the net. I second Auto Duel, dare I say it I preferred it to Wasteland. As for soemone saying rock the boat, I'm not sure anyne is rocking the boat. I presume we all want an old school iso rpg. Multiplayer has no real claim on that. pure waste of resources. Also those who want "kick ass graphic" at this sort of funding are dreaming. I hope they look great and like many retro indy games these days use lighting and effects to good use. This is a great interview that restores all my faith in this project - particularly the clarity around social elements - let's hit $3m!!! <url>"slow" ! Give it a try .The game after the first two hours leaves ground and becomes something you could never image that you would interact with ! You think that you know what you're playing and what's happening ,but even up to the last moment you don't. Just EPIC ! Don't get me wrong - I love Black Isle. One of my favorite development teams ever. But P:ST is not their pinnacle achievement in my eyes. That'd be a toss-up between Icewind Dale and Fallout 2. @Merin Heretic! Hey, ask and ye shall receive. We are nothing, if not, er, sociable here. :p Call me heretic - I tried a few times to get into P:ST and it continually left me bored. About Planecsape Torment,if we ever see a No 2 here on kickstarter, it would most certainly be a smash hit. Maybe its the only game that became legendary years after it came out. Wasn't so popular back then, but every day that passes ,more and more people admit that's something really unique in the history of RPG's! A turnbased, Car Wars based, Autoduel would be the (second) best thing that has ever happened. Who owns the rights, I wonder. @Zalausthix: Yeah but look at the last few days of the WL2 kickstarter curve. Day after the social announcement the funding rate got cut in HALF as compared to the PREVIOUS day. So it's not linear but that drop off seems mighty suspicious and if you look at the whole curve it looks nice and round of course since the values get compressed when the scale is larger. There is no doubt the social annonucement created a serious dropoff in backers. I just found my "Interplay's 10 year anthology: Classic collection: Mindshadow, Bard's Tale, Tass Times in Tone Town, Battle Chess, Wasteland, Dragon Wars, Castles, The Lord of the Rings, Star Trek 25th Ann. and Out of this World. my i7 is a bit of a jump up from my old 486 though hahaha For all of those claiming the update killed the funding, please look at the Double Fine graphs: <url>"social" has very little to do how much money W2 will gather in the end. At most it's going to get around 2 million. It will not get and was never going for similar figure with DF. The reason being, that adventure games are more easier genre to approach than hardocre RPG. Someone asked for the pledge graphs. Here is a link <url>"DON'T MENTION THE WORD, SOCIAL." ;) The stats from <url>"real world", or at least as people believed it to be at the time. The player can also choose to play as a party of Celts or Romans, each with a slightly different plot line. If you play though as each it is cool how they interweave. <url>"goal", until you set a new goal, lets say 2 or 2.5 million for a cool new feature, the progress in backers will stagnate. meh, I actually miss being able to share loot or money or items with friends when I'm playing a standard 1 player game. Oh noes, right? :) There needs to be a easter egg in the game, mentioning the apparent horrible S word! "Social" is just a word, I'd worry more about those people prone to overreact. Brian may need to be more careful throwing ideas out (and/or explain them better), but some people may also need to reconsider their reactions (or they way the present it to the society). 21 days to go. here you go Andrew - <url>"S" option and forget the "third-person" perspective.... couldn't agree more, would you take the pretty cupcake that tastes average as, or the not so visually appeasing nachos that are totally awesome and make a party in your mouth? +1 gameplay/story immersion... and nachos Indeed. The S word causes ponies to explode and all hope to be lost. Nevertheless, fear not, Charles. We already know it won't be top down, but at least isometric. It's ok to want something that doesn't hurt the eyes, but just know that the gameplay and story are the top-top-top priority. I am here to watch if the S word comes up again in the talks. But I am pretty sure Wasteland 2 will do fine without S factor /watching intently /runs @ Charles King , are you mad? You will incite a riot with talk like that you obviously weren't here last week, when the S word was mentioned, that was a scary time indeed..... I think this kind of game could work very well with a 3rd person perspective, like metal gear solid or deadspace. Don't get me wrong I loved the original top-down, just it seems a bit limited in what you can do graphics-wise. Don't slam me for wanting a pretty looking wasteland, gameplay and stunning visuals aren't mutually exclusive. Well OK, maybe on a budget like this they are :P So if the rights to Wasteland 1 are split, does that mean that EA also can't sell it without doing another deal with BF? Average bid is $50 in seems to slowly be going down, still very good though! thanks No thanks to Ipad/Tablet. Rather put the funds to extra content :) I sure keys can be delivered by kickstarter private mail or even on your email :) How will we get the steam copy? will we be emailed about it or updated a different way? I agree that specific goals for milestones would be great. Richard Burlew's Order of the Stick Kickstarter had great graphs and very specific goals. As a milestone was reached, there were also rewards for current backers, (like an additional pdf or something). This kept people energized and helped with the drive. Tomas, I think the approch is like "Could be on tablet, but we wont do any effort to make a good interface" You guys are going to do a great job!!! Don't forget the Mod Tools though... :) Any word on a tablet version? @Kyle Haight You are partly right. Sad, angry and so on is feelings, but they mostly stem from interaction with the living comunity. If you get such feelings in a game, you interact with the game comunity in a social way... then we dont need sticks like facebook with 10.000 "friends" to get life. So if the book or the game give me that internal social feelings, I, in a game, can be without external social events. We are in full agreement @Michael Judge ... : I agree that another list of milestones would help to energize the community and draw more contributions. Rather than rallying folks started splintering for lack of a better description. I'd love to see the 2 Mil mark hit and we still have time and I'm sure their are more folks out there that just need a little nudge or a target to aim for ... I've bumped twice already and unfortunately cannot go any higher ... @Michael Judge Brislin I kind of like your idea @Sole Song I think you and I are using 'social' in different ways. Feeling sad, angry, crying, etc. are not 'social' in the sense I mean. (I'm not sure they're social in any way -- I'm pretty sure I could feel those emotions even if I were alone on a desert island.) Immersing oneself in a book or game and responding emotionally to the world and characters presented therein is exactly what 'social' elements undermine. @Kyle Haight There is plenty of social elements in a book, you can be sad, you can crey, you can be mad... etc... plenty of social element in the text placing you in different moods. A good game should work like that too, you become one with the story. That is the kind of social elements you need in a game, in a book... in life. I wish Brian would outline an explicit pledge about hitting 2 mill, it really motivates more conttributions to have something to work with, like 2 mill and we'll orchestrate all the music, and 2.5 mill, it comes to the iPad, 3 mill, graphics will be like fallout 3, etc. He knows what's realistic, he need only point the way and I'm sure he would get more $ FYI just broke 1.6 if you include Paypal ... lets keep it going. And hence his point of it being optional. Using the same analogy could be used to argue against for mod tools. The author tells the story they want to tell and you read there story not someone else's interpretation of it. That said I am not completely against mod tools or social aspects. I just prefer my money going towards the story Brian wants to tell .... =)) Dropped this comment on Brian Fargo's blog, but I thought I'd post it here too: The thing that bothers me about 'social' elements is that they have a deep conflict with the nature of a 'single-player' game. To me, a single-player game experience is similar to reading a book. It's something I want to immerse myself in completely, leaving the external world behind. Adding 'social elements' to a single-player game would be like adding them to a book. When I'm trying to read a book I want to experience the story the book is trying to tell; I don't want to be distracted by notifications that my friends are currently reading the same book or tidbits about what they thought of various passages that I'm now reading for the first time. If I wanted to be communicating with my friends I have plenty of ways to do that. If I'm reading a book (or playing a single-player game) it's in part because I *do not want to be communicating with my friends at that time*. I may want to share or discuss my reading experience *once I've finished it*. But I want a rigorous separation between that and the actual process of reading the book -- or, by analogy, playing the game. There is not a backer forum like DFA. inxile wants to keep everything open for getting input from anyone, but the forums are were Matthais point too. <url>"better" game is very helpful. Does anybody sit down and say "Ok, I'm going to make this worse than it could have been?" The debate is over what exactly makes for a better game. I also question whether "bigger" is unconditionally good. No matter how good, it is possible for gameplay to overstay its welcome. I don't want to get that feeling of 'Each new area is like the one before, and I have to go through *how many* to reach the endgame?' More fetch quests, more buildings containing more of the monsters I've killed thousands of already, rewarding me with more money I don't need and more gear like the stuff I already have? Not fun. I like the idea of integration. Tie things together, make them significant, make NPCs react to things you've done elsewhere. I want depth. Having NPCs that I care about actually noticing and responding to the effects of my actions makes the world feel alive and my character feel significant in a way that nothing else can. Conversely, nothing breaks immersion like an NPC who logically *should* respond to some event in the game but does not. It's also worth bearing in mind that sometimes we, the gamers, don't actually know what we want. I remember back in the early 1990's, gamers said they wanted huge dungeons that really took advantage of the third dimension. Then Bethesda released Daggerfall, and gamers said "Wow, I guess we were wrong -- we don't want that after all." @Mike...thats a poll on the boards,but it wouldn't come out until well after the release anyways right?They have to make a decent profit off the game first wouldn't they?Like ya wouldn't want to start rewriting the game the first day would you?Enjoy them making it awesome first,then make it awesomer later.(Assuming you are a modder..) @bernardo de o de s-Good idea.seeing all your(Many)decisions having a butterfly effect would be Very Coolio. I however,doubt that even inXile could go as deep as I would like for decisions like that.We're talking parrallel realities deep here.hmmmmmmmmm,could you work an alternate timeline into the wasteland?Always did like those when done right.(I'm looking at You Evil Captain Kirk) I think extra effort should go into ensuring it's highly moddable. With a game that was funded by the community, it seems appropriate. @peter martinez-I like that idea of gravemarkers.Would look neat seeing where yer buddy bit it.,...then thanking him for warning you. s word means talking to friends via note,like on a board exactly like this ,at worst,also ITS OPTIONAL,if it EVEN makes it.,nothing more than that.Message on board.Will not become facebooked. Sigh,can't we just get 17 months over with,and do the time warp again. Well, now that we are over the discussion concerning the S-word (Shhh! Don't say it out loud or it might all come back!), we can start talking about what they should do with the extra money. As mostly everyone else, I think a bigger and better game is the way to go. Having said that, I think it's important to stress that better is more important then bigger, in my opinion. Adding more of the same doesn't make a game better. I think there is only a number of quests along the line of "go to place X kill enemy Y" or "fetch item Z to NPC W" that you can do before things get boring. I would be very happy if the extra effort would be put in making every (or most) of the quests mean something in the big picture. And I would very much like to see every thing I do influence something else. I'm aware that with all the variables that must be a tremendous amount of work, but I think they should focus on making every thing link together, instead of just adding more and more content. If the game is successful they can add more content via expansions. Other than that, I have another idea. Since the developing team have some very good writers among their numbers, I think it would be nice if they would put some effort in making some short stories, maybe every two weeks or so, from the day the kickstarter is over to the day of the release. Those stories would help to keep everyone excited about the release and could also describe the back story of some NPCs we will find or maybe could be just some random stories to set the mood. I'm aware they will have the novellas, but a couple of short stories wouldn't hurt and I don't think they would take to much away from the game development. Just for the record I am anti, ;), any more "social" commentary, either yea or nay, as since Brian's update on the subject it adds nothing more to the discourse here except for making the board's atmosphere more, er, unsociable. :p I think the only things you should see from the social aspect on this is potentially a random users grave marking where they died with maybe some ammo or some story fluff like a last will or blood scrawled note....Or Stumbling into a random encounter that has another users team fighting a bunch of NPCs....Though you could splinter this and have it so a random team member from a random users team pops into a fight you're in via a perk (mysterious stranger from F3 stylie). This could give the pop in players NPC a small XP reward. Adondonware has Wasteland 1 for download: <url>"bought" the rights to the game with buying the magazine? My memory is confirmed by the web site Ranger HQ: "Find a November 1996 or October 1997 issue of Computer Gaming World. Wasteland was included on the CD that came with each of these issues." Finally pulled together the cash for a good donation, upping it if I can spare some more before it ends, best of luck making the game guys. Really looking forward to it! I did DL dos box and a copy of WL, even though I still have my C64 version of the game in the box/sleeve. Also have the Interplay 10th Anthology box. My dumb ass was not able to get the game working from my 10th anthology cd, so I just went and DLed everything and set it up on dos box. Been playing it for about a week now and enjoying it. Has someone even asked EA will they be charging people who want to download the game? If they don't want to sell it anymore, then what are we to do? Pirating when you can buy the game is certainly wrong. However, when the game has not been sold for so long, where the only market remaining is the one where people are selling it second hand, I have to say that downloading it does not seem like much of a moral quandary even though it is a legal certainty. Lets fuck those pros,and show em oldschool style. Not legal maybe, but moral? Sure. ok now pepole talk about old wasteland, but how do u get it to be stable in dosbox ? game hang after a few min gameplay. I can not keep this in any longer.I'm afraid people don't know the inherent necessity of this song as a **** Battlecry T.N.T-BLOW IT UP ****. Home - AC/DC - It's A Long Way To The Top (If You Wanna Rock 'N' Roll) Lyrics Artist: AC/DC Song: It's A Long Way To The Top (If You Wanna Rock 'N' Roll) Lyrics Ridin' down the highway Goin' to a show Stop in all the by-ways Playin' rock 'n' roll Gettin' robbed Gettin' stoned Gettin' beat up Broken boned Gettin' had Gettin' took I tell you folks It's harder than it looks It's a long way to the top If you wanna rock 'n' roll It's a long way to the top If you wanna rock 'n' roll If you think it's easy doin' one night stands Try playin' in a WASTELAND It's a long way to the top If you wanna rock 'n' roll (Intsruments) Hotel, motel Make you wanna cry Lady do the hard sell Know the reason why Gettin' old Gettin' grey Gettin' ripped off Under-paid Gettin' sold Second hand That's how it goes Playin' in a band It's a long way to the top If you wanna rock 'n' roll It's a long way to the top If you wanna rock 'n' roll If you wanna be a star of stage and screen Look out it's rough and mean Its a long way to the shop If you want a sausage roll It's a long way to the cross If you want to fuck a pro It's a long way to the top If you wanna rock 'n' roll It's a long way to the top If you wanna rock 'n' roll Well, it's a long way It's a long way, (so they tell me) It's a long way, such a long way This user's account has been deleted. Thanks for the update. shows me once more: learn everyday something new. This explains the grey zone ! Thanks This user's account has been deleted. There are (rare) countries in the world where copyright is 25 years. Most have 50-70 (EU has 70), and the US has 95 (number from the wikipedia page on copyright length). That's for corporate copyright. Personal copyright is life + whatever. So I think that legally abandonware isn't a grey area. It is morally, however. The game might have been made by a company that's long dead, for a platform that no longer has games being sold for it, and that would make it seem okay to download it. But since DOS games are still being sold, and EA is in business, it's a little more difficult to justify (but EA hatred can be a great motivator, even if it's not a real justification). @oddball,and for the browser link.now to figure out my browser.... @oddball.Thanks for the link on the paragraphs @ET3D: I am not 100% certain but isn't it like, that a copyright is only valid for 20..something Years (maybe 25 not sure) But if it doesn't get renewed everybody can use it for free ? I think at least with music it is like this. That's why abondonware is a grey zone, because either the company don't exist anymore or the game is older than a certain number of years and the developer didn't renewed his rights. At the moment it is OK for me to use WL1 from abandonsites, because the puplishers don't care and otherwise without these abandonware sites alot of treasures from Computerhistory allready would have vanished from the harddiscs into PC-Game heaven. i.e. i am a huge Commodore 64 fan and i love to see how the fans preserve magazines, games and everything that belongs to it in a digital form. And MS-DOS is also entering PC-Games heaven soon if some people wouldn't care to safe these treasures as well, because the pupblishers won't. I really wouldn't wonder, if pretty soon EA reclaims their copyright for WL1 because they smell profit and this willl be the time where WL1 will disappear from the Abandonware websites again for a short period of time. So conclusion: for me it is absolutely moraly OK from my point of view, to download games from abandonware sites IF the games is not commercially distributed anymore in any way ! Even my 12 year old son allready learned, that the old computer games maybe had a worse graphic than nowadays ones but this doesn't mean that the games are bad. I have played lately IK+ with him and we played Goonies through and it was a lot of fun. Also the Lord of the Rings from Interplay was great ! but sadly is that you cannot get it anywhere anymore except abandonware sites. Where Gamers take care of Software that publishers don't distribute anymore because there is no more money in it ! What I find amazing is that some people are actually willing to still pay for a game that was released in 1988. If that isn't enough to trust Brian in this new endeavor I don't know what is ... @Kenneth Tse, it might feel morally okay to you, but that doesn't mean it's legal or feels morally okay to everyone. You're actually reading this argument backwards. What people asked for is to make Wasteland available again. That's exactly because it's not currently available for sale. And a new OS was installed in 1 min :) @Kenneth Tse: YO, those were the times, find a 3kB Mouse Driver and load it into the upper memory. MS-DOS 6.22. Tweak around the config.sys and autoexec.bat untill you had the most available memory with still all hardware functioning. @Tomi I agree with the idea that consoles are popular because its really easy to play. I remember still back in the day, you deserved to play a game if you can get it to run. Trying to load stuff into High Mem and manually allocating EMS and XMS.... Thing is to those opposed to downloads of Wasteland 1 is that its not even commercially available anymore. If you can buy it, then buy it. Else, it has been abandoned by the publisher and thus I feel morally okay to download Wasteland 1. Add your ideas and vote: <url>#16/e=1f7176 Vote about extra funding usage: <url>"dosbox /path/to/game/binary.exe" means nothing. What hoops and frontends are you talking about? It's launched like that: dosbox /path/to/game/binary.exe Ctrl+f10 to release mouse Ctrl+f11/f12 to speed up/slow down the emulator C64 one is a tad trickier, you have to load all the disk images first, and double the screen resolution there, but even this is done through menus, not hard to do at all. @Tomi Taipaleenmäki : No need to jump through hoops, just use some frontend for dosbox, like D-Fend Reloaded. You will play classic dos games in no time. @ET3D - You didn't just... you did... :) "Bring on the larger world and more content, more character dialog, more graphics across the board, and more audio!!" And social. You forgot about social. :D @Sean, some people have a problem with illegal downloads. I think people mostly just want the game in easy installable form. Not everyone is willing to jump through hoops in order to get a game working. Upped my pledge to $50 thanks to news of the Linux version. Also to get that sweet boxed copy + extras! Just for additional benefit. I just don't understand why people want to see the original rereleased so badly when it's readily available all over the internet, and linked all over this comments section. Dosbox is easy to work and runs it flawlessly. If it were going to rerelease anywhere I think it would be gog.com This is fantastic and I've been spreading the news to anyone that will listen. Can't wait for the game. Thumbs up on the Kick it Forward idea as well Y'know, I kinda don't mind that the developers get some of the money to feed themselves. If EA can make profit from their products they will. EA will not allow anyone ownership of the first Wasteland title unless they payfor it. EA dolesn't really care about the people downloading the first Wasteland because they don't really pay attention to it (since they don't do anything with the game now). - A good idea would be to rerelease the game on Steam. Well it has a legal stand in that it's ok unless it's challenged. No one other than the copyright holder can go after it and if the copyright holder isn't interested it's de facto legal. Like a lot of youtube content. Abandonware really doesn't have a real legal stand. The reason why most companies don't care is, that a lot of old games don't even have real "owner" due bankrubties or something like that or that the games are just too old to bother. They'd react if some one would try to sell them, but not otherwise. @Sean Abandonware is not considered part of the public domain. This means it can't be distributed in anyway by Brian Fargo untill he acquires the rights from EA. Hoping that this update will help increase the pledges coming in so we can now ALL aim for the $2M mark together. Bring on the larger world and more content, more character dialog, more graphics across the board, and more audio!! @Sean: I know but alot of people on here have asked and wanted to see it packaged with the W2 delivery ... so I was just wondering. I've already been playing it for old times sake the last week or so I love the fact you have to remember or write down the clues. URABUTLN ... @JJ lol. It's abandonware. Does anyone know what the asking price for the distribution rights for the original Wasteland from EA would even be? @ mindx2: In this case bigger is better I agree totally!! I also think in my opinion that people over reacted and probably unjustly so ... Brian has a vision, he did it right the first time I have no reason to doubt him for the second time around. Trust the man. Having input form the community is awesome but there is truth to the old saying "To many cooks spoil the broth". All I can say is I can't wait for the final game. Will there be a possibility to issue collector's Edition game "Wasteland 2" in Russian? I read the novel "Wasteland 2" in Russian. @mindx2 Blood sausage death animations!! @jj-Tanks.One can only try..... @JJ - Even Brian states he presented the thing wrongly and seems to see why people reacted the way they did. I like the part where at $2M they will focus on the important stuff: a larger world and more content, more character dialog, more graphics across the board, and more audio. That's encouraging and I believe what almost everyone that backs this project wants!! Well said Mathew. Mountains outta mole hills. I read the blog post about the social elements (provided by Jayce) in Wasteland 2 Mr. Fargo made a good point. - The game hasn't even left the development phase phase, and these ideas are just being thrown out to the fans to make sure ideas are good. - Fargo mentioned that he should spend more time thinking about the ideas before he presents them to the people funding his project. - My translation of it is he's just brain storming right now. Fargo should throw any idea he has to the people funding his game. That being said the funders should stop overreacting to ideas. The best thing is to voice your opinon to the ideas that are proposed - hyping it as a final idea shouldn't be done becaus it will stop him from sharing all of them. - but one of the first big fan funded game is bound to hit some rough patches. Really liked and appreciated the update. Brian is sticky to his old-school original vision and that is always good news to hear! I do disagree with him that I don't like "sharing' with friends WHILE I'm playing a game but afterwards on message boards, etc. Takes me out of the world I'm playing in. Other than that he and I seem to want the same kind of game :) @ Rob: LOL ... Nice ... @SXX Yes it is. Great update Brian ! a 1000 thanks ! Nice update >_< Mod is 2 letter word with an extra letter....as in "MO" money.To paraphrase Terrence and Philip(of South Park)..I want some of that Internet Money Buddy!We want MOOOOOOO MONEY! The D we keep around for DEVELOPMENT. <url>"It's a long way to the top if you wanna Rock 'n Roll "by Ac/ Dc and other assorted classics.Somehow it seems appropriate. Hotel, motel Make you wanna cry Lady do the hard sell Know the reason why Gettin' old Gettin' grey Gettin' ripped off Under-paid Gettin' sold Second hand That's how it goes Playin' in a WASTELAND Please don't let the comment section become a battle ground of pointless attacks on others.. $1.575mil and counting!!! I love it. Checking the numbers every 10 minutes is like a dang drug. "WasteCrack" Heh You know,a lot of folks seem to be focusing on the social thing,but what I got from the update is really more that he wants to make it about making mods available.Perhaps telling us it was social was Fargo's evil genius to stir up the crowd,get them rioting ,and creating a fervour on the streets,nerds protesting far and wide,telling everyone by sheer screaming.then when the public becomes aware and starts donating,he gets the money for the mods available.Oh Fargo ,you precocious evil genius You...You got us.Good one. Thanks for making this available for Linux/Mac! its nice to see the pledge money not going backwards now. I see the 2 - 1K slots that people backed out of filled again. Lets keep it going folks .... Roll on day when the money clears out of my account...Seems like a dream until I take a hit in the wallet.... On a side note....DAMN YOU RABID DOG! DAMN YOOOOOOOOU! (latest playthrough of original not going so well). @Richard Blackrose - one of the best post I've read here!! Great laugh and also so true :) @Richard Blackrose Thanks for the laugh, I needed that. Gotta love the truth. the lack of edit function is a trial to us all mindx2 :-) @Richard - LOL, so true! oops... cRPG, but I think you know what I meant :) Wow, if Wasteland 2 has only half the drama and conflict happening on this board, (which btw, also like the game, is turn-based :p), WL2 is gonna rock! ;) @Nicholas Russell - pointless to you maybe but I fail to see why you are so worried about someone expressing an opinion just because you don't agree with it. Brian NEEDS to hear from everyone and hopefully the concerns raised here AND at the official forum will encourage him to explain his vision just a little more clearly. No harm in that but of course that is just my opinion :) I am of course still VERY excited by the prospects that we will all have a gosh darn real old-school cPRG soon! An opinion I think we ALL share :) @Nicholas Russell Belittling others hardly aids the discussion of other subjects either. Surely it would be far better to simply either ignore such posts or simply request that they take their concerns to the forum and carry on with the conversation that does interest you instead. @mindx2 Yes, as pointless an opinion as it is considering the dialogue we're currently all in, I agree he's welcome to his opinion. Just as much as I'm welcome to my own opinion about the laziness and utter pointlessness of what he posted as his statement doesn't actually add to the ongoing dialogue here. All it can do is open up yet another three or four days' worth of flaming posts about how we we hate the word social in relation to Wasteland 2 and how we don't want this game to become Facebook. His view wasn't informed, a fact so obvious that it is pretty much self defined by what he said, and as I'm entitled to my opinion of his laziness I critiqued it. I mean it's not like it would've hurt him to read a page or two of posts just to make sure he wasn't repeating something that fifty other people before him said already. And before you guys say it there is a big difference between this and everyone who's written about why they loved Fallout and Wasteland 1, why they feel this genre of cRPG is just the shot in the arm the gaming industry needs, and how this project will help change how we deal with funding game development forever. While one encourages new discussion about how this game could become awesome the other only leads to fierce slander wars against Brian Fargo, constant reiteration of how we don't want this game to become Facebook or an MMO, and a complete end to any hopes of further discussion about what inXile will actually do to make this game awesome, be it new ideas for modding tools, what exactly a larger world will actually mean for the game, etc. etc. i also would like to use the chance to show all of you this strategy game, which, when i have seen it the first time, reminded me of Dragons Lair from the grafic point of view. It will come in 3 seperate chapters. Alos if you read WHO is the crew behind this developer team is also just amazing! So whoever still has some pennies left, have a look: <url>"YOU SUCK".Neither choice was really good,but you got to see how the NPC responded.On the second playthrough ,it was essentially the same. Still though,LOVED the moral grey area-and the feeling that I should play again to see how I could do it better(OR WORSE).WASTELAND-Please,make me hate myself again!And again.And again.Spread the word via xbox live,twitter,Facebook status.give the hard sell to all your gaming buddies,and be sure to tell your nieces and nephews how cool they couldn't possibly be if they even tried to play a game like this.4 million I says...Bring it . Now, now ET3D. I think you know he means his own personally created party that HE ALONE controls not a group of internet/ LAN friends. @Nicholas Russell - I believe he just wants to express his opinion like the rest of us... you included my friend :) "Being alone in this cruel world is part of what I *expect* from my post-Apocalypse." - Then why do you pledge for a game whose premise is a *party* based RPG? :) @Jason Rimmer Yah dude that was said like fifty or sixty times already. Got to love people who post without reading previous comments. @Tom Small - Did not play The Pitt as I could not finish Fallout 3 at all. I was a bad game and a terrible Fallout game. I actually liked New Vegas but that was NOT made by Bethesda and contained many Van Buren references. However, the core game mechanics were still that of Fallout 3 and lessened my enjoy because of it. Just wanted to express my faith in the design team to make this an excellent old style SP game. I haven't read the previous two incarnations of this discussion and hence I certainly don't want to start a new one. But if you're looking for some way to leverage the player crowd without making the game itself MP, why not try to implement some feedback mechanism that e.g. allows previously nondescript NPCs to become more lifelike? Or allow players to design and upload their own weapons, gear, everyday items, car wrecks, whatever at certain points in the game (achievements?), within a strict set of balancing rules, such that the variety of stuff in the game world over time goes way beyond what a team of designers can churn out, and feels more like the real world? @ Christian Fritzsche : "And sometimes you needed the feeling not being alone in this cruel world." Well, *I* don't. Being alone in this cruel world is part of what I *expect* from my post-Apocalypse. Please, Brian: NO... Social... Networking! Today I ruined my Black March by going to cinema and watching 'The Artist'. I think the whole W2 crew should watch it, it's an example how a piece of art made in technique no one takes seriously these days can become really successful. Hope it would encourage them to only include 'innovations' which are necessary and only as much as necessary. :) @mindx2 - I agree that many of the choices the player makes in Fallout 3 are "black & white", good / evil choices. But did you play The Pitt DLC? Those were certainly not "black & white" choices regarding ethics and morals. Much of New Vegas is shades of grey. (Side with NPR, House, Yes-Man, The Legion) But something diffrent: it is nice to see that everybody over here has some expectations, wishes, thoughts and they are looking forward to this game with anticipation. To be honest i also look forward, when the funding is done and they will open the forum doors to all the backers. Then we will be able to discuss and poll all the ideas. With more than a 30000 backers the project will become reality and i have a nice shiver when thinking about, that this game will be somewhen in my posession. @Marcos jonck: LOL nice one..... i do understand Jason and mindx2.. BUT.... ...please don't let us start this discusssion again, how many times did this one rise up now ? The 3rd time ? i don't know. but still i am quite certain that Brian and his team know exactly what they are doing and that they will NOT use the term "social" with THAT kind of social gaming that we combine with facebook & Co. Otherwise he maybe really would have collected cash for a version of Angry birds fps with red boots. I believe, that he and his team will deliver us a Wasteland 2 that i and hopefully most of the community here will love to play. (probably not everybody to a 100% but you just can't make everybody a 100% happy, but a 90 - 99% is fine with me) That's why i have pledged and i can't go ahead and say "I want it to be this or that otherwise i withdraw my pledge" either i have faith in a project or i don't. I Have ! There could be a facebook of the wasteland, a social network inside the game only. Like a pipboy with facebook connection. No top-down, please, this is so out-dated. (hehehehehe burn baby burn) I love multiplayer in NWN. @Nicholas Russell SWTOR was in production before EA "bought out" Bioware, the same shit they have been pulling all along. Hopefully EA have learned from their past mistakes and they don't destroy Bioware, but I doubt it. I think the most guys didnt played dark souls. Its a Console exclusiv title and this community is ruled by pc gamer. The "social" thing was a nice feature and not always helpfull but fun as hell. And sometimes you needed the feeling not being alone in this cruel world. Otherwise i would like real multiplayer part not as a mmorpg but to play up to 4 friends can be fun. Discuss where to go, what decissions will be made and cheer about the sarcasm of the gane. It can intense an experience much more. Jason is just expressing his preference for a pure single-player game. I agree with him that there are plenty of socially integrated games on the market. He and I both are just hoping for Brian's originally stated version :) Word "social" does not mean "casual". And I really doubt Fargo has a casual game in mind here, so please people. stop jumping in conclusion based on too little information. This whole thing has turned silly. Woah hold on a minute!! Social gameplay aspect??? Casual gamer style elements reminding me of some dodgey facebook game! Mr Fargo please no. What your promising in the first place sounded so fresh these days. Only to go and announce the above in the latest update. This is touted as an old school RPG like the good old days and best of all dedicated to an SP experience. Now your pandering to the multiplayer crowd who in my opinion are already spoiled enough. Can't something just be single player these days? The last update is very worrying. Suddenly doubts have crept in to whether he really knows what we all want. Along with inXiles recent efforts which I never bothered to check out due to the excitement of Wasteland 2 I'm even more concerned. Sod social aspect gameplay..concentrate on your original promise a deep involved SP experience. No need for dropped messages or any nulitplayer aspect at all, all your doing is coding in that crap wasting time when you could be making the game bigger and better. @ET3D I kind of like that too. Or some kind of bounty to system. Brian, seriously, this video is hilarious! "98% of bullies hate nerds!" HAHAHAHHA! ... I hope there aren't any sarah palin references in WL2. I like the idea of death panels (not in *that* sense). Would make a great social feature. Make it possible to look up in the game every character who has died at that location. And it begins again ... LOL ... next we will be reading about Death Panels in W2 ... Sure thing, the bonus surprise will be Facebook integration. Oh I am satisfied don't get me wrong ... just trying to rally folks around a great project and get beyond all the craziness of the last several days. Looking forward to the return of turn based, top down RPGs. Thanks to Brian and the team in advance for making this happen. We already get the satisfaction of helping funding Wasteland 2 (and a DRM free copy of it by $15 at the very least!), so I don't see why we should get a "bonus surprise". imho :) I think there should be a bonus surprise gift for those folks who got in early and committed to the project and stuck it out at their original pledge or raised it ... ;) This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Mr. Fargo said nothing about using Twitter or Facebook. As far as I can tell, it's a delivery service that he wants to integrate (Something MMO's commonly use) and a "Leave a note" system like Demon's Souls. @Nicholas Russell - A basic choice between "The Good Guy" option and "The Evil Guy" option does NOT equal good choice & consequence design. Fallout 3 was terrible BECAUSE of these simplistic choices (it was also terrible for MANY other reasons). Give me grey areas were there is no right or wrong and my choices effect more than just that choice and follows (haunts) me through the game. You know as much as I hate how they operate I can't bring myself to curse out EA. The Old Republic managed to make a tired out genre filled with cliche's, routine, and an obsession with hoarding and turn it into something interesting again with its class-based storyline. I mean I know that its essentially a level up and loot gathering machine where success is all but garunteed but how Bioware handled the story elements made it awesome. @Sean Patrick Gallaty Actually that is an interesting idea. One of the few things Fallout 3 did right was present you with options like that where you could, say, blow a town sky high rather than save it. Can you try to become a new dictator or evil doer, poisoning the water supply and threatening the world if your demands aren't met? Congratulations on this huge success!! Can't wait to see this masterpiece finished. @Rolf W Jr EA have basically just been buying out successful studios and then running them into the ground with heavy handed mismanagement over the last 20 years, by completely changing the games they once made and alienating the original fan base. That's why they have ended up sitting on so many once successful IP's. It's got nothing to do with EA actually having any creative input into any of them that's for sure. @John-Philip Johansson, I think that the benefit of the Kickstarter method of doing things is that this game will have thousands of beta testers and no real deadline (except that imposed by finances, which could indeed be a problem). This will hopefully help squash enough bugs that the game will be clean enough of them when released. @slargos-Testify.My Nerd Rage will be quite powerful,when my commencement of drinking again has picked up to pay for this game.Fungus induced or not,I'll be really ready to start opening cans of Whup Ass-forwards ,backwards ,side scrolling style even.Consider me on the newsletter. Been watching this project from the first day, and finally decided to back it. I just had to convince myself that I could spare the $50. Can't wait for this game! Congratulations to Brian Fargo and his team for getting this project going! @Rob Crane: The ritual is powered by your own life-blood mixed with fungus-induced berserker nerd-rage. It is only a last resort for when you need to mount one-man defenses of bridges, avenge the murder of your blood-relatives or right a tremendous injustice. Only 100k-ish from being half of double fines total! Instead of "social features", which IMHO would break the lonely dark feeling of the wasteland, please put the money into QA and polish. Fallout 1 and 2 and New Vegas were extremely buggy. Sometimes even game breaking. I was QA Lead on a AAA game and seeing that really hurt. Your game is extremely complex, put extra money into managing the quality of that! I know that would sound horrible as a goal, because people expect quality. Just put the extra money on "making a better game". @Eric,yea,but it's slowdown signify in one day Preliminary list I ment :-) Brian! When will this skeleton list of the game "inventory" be readable for us pledgers? At the moment it is in your head, and that is as it should be, but we cant read minds :-) I just put up a steamgift of the fallout collection where I mention wasteland 2 trying to raise awareness among pc gamers...2 people asked me about it so even if they do not help fund the game at least more people know about the game. @Rob Crane: I have also found the banner Saga project and pledged it. but i did not lower my WL2 Pledge Noooo. I have lowered my houshold-cash for next month. :-D The Banner Saga also knows how to get ppl hooked. They have just announced that with a pledge of 50$ and above you will receive all 3 games, when they are done, not just chapter one anymore. I'm down, good luck guys. @Ziv: Stop guessing and look at the funding graph. It's a natural slow down and there is nothing to suggest the the weekend has altered the curve: <url>´t played any games lika NWN, Diablo, BG, Icewind Dale (just to name some) with others. I´m not against this whole MP thing even though I´ll probably won´t use it. But this is only suggestions, I´m sure they will listen to the majority if they are totaly against this. @ET3D-Blasphemy.This baby has 4 million tucked in its heart.Get the word out. @Slargos-hmmmmm."Valdsamvrede" EH...............I'm intrigued Sir,and wish to subscribe to your Newsletter. After a few days of measured consideration, I have decided to return my pledge. Of course, with the added caveat that if the "social" aspect impinges immersion I will be forced to haunt the dreams of every person who supported it like Freddy Kreuger, using the ancient Norse ritual Våldsamvrede. Be fairly warned. I can see it beating double fine. This market has been starved for a long time. Shit, half the geeks that love this genre probably dont know about it yet because they stopped following RPG's about the time they stopped making them - properly. @Svetlovska, I can't see this beating Double Fine, but I can certainly see it going over $2M, and that would be nice enough. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. I'm actually surprised that becoming an NPC is only at the 1000 tier and not the 2500. In terms of desirability, that's what I'd expect Would now be the time to speculate about busting the $3 million mark? Wouldn't it be great if this became Kickstarters' biggest-ever games funding? Success breeds success, etcetera. Rob Crane 18, CURSE YOU MACKEY,and all your ill begotten Ilk............... ROFL. :) @Sean Patrcik Gallaty-hahahahahahahahaahahahahahahah Question is, for a thousand do I get to be me? I mean I'm an evil bastard. There can't be that many opportunities for evil bastards in the game. Can there? I don't want to be miscast as some nice guy. @ssx-I know,that is why I support this project wholeheartedly.Still though,I did feel a little bad,but it still doesn't affect the to be released game I'm betting.(I'm hoping that $40 doesn't leave out the social aspect!)It probably means more to the other guys at this point,plus they give me free stuff as well.Everyone's a winnah! @Rob Crane You allowed to do anything with your own money. CURSE YOU MACKEY,and all your ill begotten Ilk............... Rob Crane, We are NOT happy with you Hehe... I feel a little bad,I lowered my pledge by $40 to support another Kickstarter,the Banner Saga,Does that make me a jerk?If yes,please feel free to say nothing! @Viranimus, that @user thing is nor asinine nor twitter. It was in use way before twitter appeared and some forum engines would notify user mentioned this way or even structure threads based on such mentions. :) So it's quite a popular way to show who are you talking to even if the software does nothing special about that. Especially if it doesn't, in fact. WOW-2 slots opened up in the thousand,Act quick peoples. @Nicholas Russell ,thanks for the link.My colours do look a bit off on my computer.When I go Steam I'll know what to do. @Donnie,noted logged,and understood. I love the GAME,not the system of delivery. Just threw that out for all the haters to eyeroll with. forbid we get the word out to others and let them in on the "secret" of how awesome this game will in all probabilities be. I consider myself the oldest school gamer.I played Pong on the System.Chew on that haters. @Rolf W Jr re: EA & IP. Yep sadly that is the case...they are much like the Star Trek Borg :( Once done with the ship (company) they have sucked it dry of all the ingredients that made the company successful. Origin systems is one that I will always be sad and nostalgic for. Origin and Looking Glass made some of my favourites which even though they were first person where among my favourite (System Shock etc) but i wouldn't call them rpgs...stat based action shooter hehe. re: Sir- Tech. David Bradley (Designer for 5 through 7)went on to form his own company...latest game was Dungeon Lords which I personally didn't care that much for....the original dev is now an executive for a renewable energy company. :( @Gordon Westbroek Doesn't it seem like EA owns *every* freaking decent IP nowadays? I gather that's their intention - hoover up all of the beloved franchises throughout history so they can convert them all into generic first-person shooters (or bastardize them into awful DRM clients). @Odd Ball Oy, that's a damn good idea. Whatever happened to the lead Sir-Tech designers, anyway? Ah, firstly, wanted to help those of you who bought the Steam version but can't get the color working right. I ran into this issue myself and, after a quick trip to the steam forums, found one that provided a solution that fixed it just fine for me. Here's the link to it: <url>"SOCIALLY" able. :) @muk,@zephyr-Thanks for the links. I just bought the set of Fallout1/2 tactics on amazon.Didn't know if they were patched up or not.The copy of 1 I got off the net has issues.Appreciate it. @ Nicholas Russell HAHA Yes please spend 200k on the lisa version. All old school RPG players need this. @Odd Ball Please allow me, if I may, to give you a preview of what the next few days of your backer life will most likely entail. Ahem. OMFG WHY?!?!? WTF MAN, WTF?!?! You DARE suggest anything to the designer?!?!?!? I want it to not be different in any way so wth is you're fricken problem man?!?! Unreal!!!! MY GAME'S GOT TO BE PLAYABLE ON THE APPLE LISA!!! This is completely unacceptable, Brian Fargo and somehow Tim Schafer are purely wretched creatures to me now who've completely screwed over us old school geeks! I'm rescinding all my backing right this very instant just because of you Odd Ball! You stupid young kid, go back to WoW and facebook you console loving loser! NOOB!!!!!!! Please, commence with the hatred now if you all would be so kind. About the Fallou 1, why not the FIXIT mod: <url>#1: <url>#2: <url>"fans" might have something to argue in that regard :) Also Thanks for the Steam Fallout 1/2/Tactica deal @Bryy: You could actually read the updates they put on here. BF already said MP is not compatible with his vision of the game. Where in the infinite layers of Abyss Fargo mentioned that Wasteland 2 would have facebook or twitter crap? There's NO WAY that is going to happen. That pretty much is clear, until now. Demon's Souls has an excellent multi-player feature, and I think that just a pretty small fraction of that would be nice in Wasteland. No more than that - "ranger sign language". But I still prefer a bigger world - I'm not even interested in open sourcing it (since I don't have the time to make even a simple mod in any game - hell, I don't have time to event play games right now...). I want at least 5.1 surround sound at the game, please. :P @Hans Kristian S Gustavsen: From my prior experience, projects will ask for your shipping address near the time of actual despatch, especially in the case of long-running projects like this (lots of people move in the space of a year). I don't think there's any way (or need) to change the address you gave Amazon; if you're still concerned, click "send message" above to ask the inXile guys directly -- they might not see your question here. :) @Hans - contact them using the 'send message' link under the project title. Any way to change the address I used when I paid with Amazon? I am moving soon and my pledge includes a physical copy. I grew up with interplay games. I didn't hesitate even for a minute to donate for this. @Brry Miller In the most recent update he says mp wouldn't work in the game. Nice to see the pledging picking up again !!!! @Nicholas Russell: Nice =) Also I am picking up the FO 1/2/Tactics as well. Make the game you guys want to make. Don't give in to people saying "no MP" if you think MP would work in the game. @PorkSol and anyone like him I'm sorry, who are you again and why should I care? Also I can't wait to start tweeting my newly gained "killed five birds with one stone" achievement while talking to my guild "The HALO Lovers" about what raid we'll be doing next. Yes angry nerds, let the hate flow through you. Feed into the dark side of the force and, through your rage, become more and more Emperor Palpatine's servants! Together we shall crush this puny kickstarter band, get rid of its funding, and garuntee the world to forever be under publisher domination! *cue lightning storm in the background* mwah ha ha, mwah ha ha, ha ha ha!!!! Ty for turning me onto the fallout 1/2/tactics deal. Picking that puppy up tonight $1,555,513 42 to go ;-) Thanks for the response Mike - guess it was worth a shot. :) I would also agree with those against "social" features - as soon as you add those, you have to consider abuse (flaming, spam and even malware injection) and the possibility of "breaking the fourth wall" or plot spoilers. I'd suggest spending surplus resources on a larger gameworld with more sidequests. This is a fantastic "Let's Play" of Wasteland <url>"We have received many questions about multi-player, and my feeling is that we do not think it would be the right decision for such a heavy narrative RPG." Calm down MP haters.. I would have liked co-op but if he doesn't believe in that, he won't go ahead with the notes idea. Why? Because your friend might accidently do a plot spoiler just before something amazing happens. @JAMES SILCOCK I totally agree. Makes think of that fat little German kid who went nuts on youtube awhile back. @Richard Blackrose We need new cool update. :) Right now people come here and found this update.. and its goes and goes... And so it goes... And goes... And goes... Well I am not too keen on the idea but I wouldn't revoke my funding like an internet version of Eric Cartman over it. This user's account has been deleted. "The essence of balance is detachment. To embrace a cause, to grow fond or spiteful, is to lose one's balance, after which, no action can be trusted. Our burden is not for the dependent of spirit. " - Thief : The Dark Project All the money I didn't spend on Mass Effect 3, Battlefield 3, and Star Wars Old Republic I pledged to this project. Why? Because 1) Origins is required for them and it sucks 2) All three games have been "dumbed-down" significantly to appeal to a larger audience. If Wasteland 2 makes it to the same level as Fallout 1/2/tactics, Baldur's Gate 1/2, or Icewind dale 1/2 then my investment was well worth it to me. Remember people, when you pledge money you are not entitled to any other than what the pledge rewards are. You are taking a risk in pledging. The game could suck. You are not a customer but rather a Sponsor/investor. I'd have no problem with seeing a shared bulletin board in the game.... If it was only accessible at Ranger HQ, and if it was limited to 7-10 words. That way you don't get much in the way of people dropping spoilers or the like, and you won't even necessarily have to look at it when you're stopping in at HQ for leveling-up. @Matthias "Gross me out, I mean, Valley Girl was, like, ohmigod, it was last year, fer sure! I mean, get a life! Say what?" I am not a modder but aren't modding tool kits for games a recent innovative development? If that shouldn't be included either ; ) Sarcasm aside, I am not a modder I just like to play the games but I don't go off half cocked because people want that included. I know how some people enjoy that aspect which most certainly was not part of old school RPGs so you take the good with the bad. As I have said I trust Brian and his team and hope to see the pledges keep going so we can all have a bigger world with more of what each of us wants!!! @Matthias Yes... so.. SUPPORT MODDING! :D I'm gonna make my own Wasteland 2! With blackjack...and ****... In fact, forget the Wasteland 2. @Roman I agree, but he said specifically he doesn't even want the good ideas. And by the way. Get a Life. You are going in circles Same sh.. 24hours ago. Boring! All of us know each opinion. This user's account has been deleted. Wasteland 2 will outlive the current social media sites. Twitter and Facebook should be integrating Wasteland and not the other way around. If people desperately want to Tweet, they'll use other means to get their tweets online. Don't like it? Tweet me a river. @SSX you don’t seem to see Brian as another human being anymore, but only your own concept of that human being. This is deeply broken thinking. To reduce his achievements and recent focus into your various concepts of disappointment is, to put it bluntly, pitiable madness. I want a hard core old school rpg. I don't want your help. I don't want your tips, clues, or tricks. Those ideas are not part of what the vision of Brian's were. However, if he chooses to have a very light integration of these ideas it should definitely be implemented carefully. I am not happy about it but I am a gamer for life and I am not going to miss out on a great game because of these additions. I will enjoy playing the beta and if people want to back out that is their business. I have faith Brian won't let me down because like someone else said, if he wanted to make a facebook game, publishers would of already been there to see it to fruition. I'm not going to argue about it. >_< Anyway you all need to ask about modding support in the game. Its help us all keep happy, remove some crap what you don't like or add something what I don't like. @SXX has already made it clear that they are a bit off their rocker by saying that any idea post 2001 is off limits INCLUDING the good ideas. Saying you do not want good ideas in the game shows you are so ingrained in tradition for traditions sake that we might as well be using lanterns because that electricity stuff is spooky. Well for one he already said it would not be an FPS if people would actually read and understand what was written and if that did occur I could understand the outrage as he would be contradicting the initial position. Don't get me wrong I want as big a world as there can be and want to be totally immersed in the world but I also think there is room for innovation to make the experience better, I find it hard to believe that nothing since 2001 could make the game better. He is teh developer and made a great game the first time without all this hot air from the community I think he has it in him to do it again. This user's account has been deleted. @JJ What should we do if we was completely agreed with Brian before this update? We need just leave it and do nothing? If Brian say "Might be we can make cool FPS Wasteland 2" what should we do? The other Moderator question posted about the debated multiplayer option is false dichotomy suggesting things like Twitter integration and dishonest about what was suggested by Brian. I submitted a question that I feel more accurately expresses the idea. <url>"too many cooks spoil the broth". One person's must have is going to be another person's must avoid. I am assuming most people donated because of Brian's vision and his history and I for one trust him to make a good game. If you don't like it start your own Kickstarter and your own project. This user's account has been deleted. @Luzeryn "You need to have Steam installed to use this item" (c) This user's account has been deleted. SSX, RPG's are obviously based on a game that you have to play with two or more people. How are social aspects against their spirit? @Jack Repeat it one more time: Because its against spirit of old-school RPG. @SXX amen. You're going to end up costing me $1500 more you know. This game was announced online via social media, drummed up interest with likes, shares and plus 1's, then finally reached it's funding because RPG fans united into a single online community with the power to make this happen. All through it's development and after release everyone will be making a wiki and discussing it in the forums and sending Brian emails about it- presumably because they enjoy going over the game as a community. Why, then, is it so crazy to suggest that you should be able to connect to other players in the game? @Steven Ellis I already walked away from shitty EA/Ubisoft products and I want to "fight" to get kind of game which I like. Kickstarter give me that possibility and that why I'm here. If you just want to get any game from Fargo you can walk away and let somebody else to decide everything for you. @Tom Smail You need to understand that I not native English speaker and my comments can seems bit aggressive for you. Sorry about that >_< I just want to be heard, because Fargo make me believe I can be heard. I don't understand why we have to build an option for a game I never even heard of?!?! Don't blame me,I voted For KODOS. @Tom we've got to put these ungrateful punks down Tom! I've left a gun by the crate in the alley. Beep boop beep: connection reset by peer @SXX - From reading your comments, I guarantee that you will disappointed by the finished product no matter how it actually comes out. @SXX Thank the barman for your whiskey, or leave it on the counter and walk away. In for 115. Give me back my golden age of gaming! Do Bard's Tale next! Happy to support this project. Guys r u still on this subject!!! I mean ok Brian bring up "AN IDEA" not the whole game vision. IT'S OPTIONAL... let's focus on the pledge and backing this wonderful game and leave those stuff for the whole vision. @Steven Ellis You need to understand what is reason and why people goes to be nervous. Problem not in social features, problem in Fargo game vision and his personal opinion what this game could be. Because if he talk about social features now (after his first "f***ing angry birds" video), next time he can add some other FPS features or add real-time mode. That is problem, not any crap features. "these monies ".... uuurggghhhh. Please don't do that, other than that I can't wait, though I'm not that keen on adding the social aspect, especially if it's mail service, I rather have EVEN greater modding tools! if you keep in mind that the negative responses normaly outweight the positiv its still quite a positiv suporting respond here! @SXX I would be keen to take your place for whatever that's worth, I'm not nearly as wicked as I might seem *glint* :D Thank you for bringing a DRM-free AWESOME game to a DRM-free OS (Linux). <url>#9/e=1f7176&q=1f7176.65419a&g=social&v=4 There is no official vote, but If you want to vote you can do it here. As if Fargo would implement a feature that fundamentally changes what the game is about. He is the creator of Wasteland, he isn't about to let his child turn into a monstrosity. You don't have to worry about the "social" word. @Steven Ellis I'll feel less responsibility about this project if I decrease my pledge. As well I can give these money to other kickstarter project: for support LInux gaming or crowd funding in general. @SXX you'll feel much happier *grin* @DerRidda When I said about pledge I mean decrease it from $1000 to something like $300. I still want to give some advices and be part of community. But after such announces I don't trust in Fargo's game vision so much anymore to give some "big" money. What I think is important is that you can actually use your skills to your benefit during the game. Each stat effect in something, like if you are not smart enough your concersation skills are effected. Or you can do missions in different manner. Most modern RPG focus mainly on the fighting, not skills as a whole. I don't want this to be a nostalgia game as such, I just want it to take the best parts and leave to worst out of it. If people get pissed off by options they will not have to utilize at all then no one can help them but a good psychiatrist. I personally have seen the argument "I don't want any money _wasted_ on X!" a hundred times in the forums already and these are probably the ones lighting up the torches and sharpening the pitchforks. It's some kind of "I payed taxes so the government asks for my approval on every spending they undertake!" We've all heard this before I guess. Frankly this was bound to happen so it's better to flip these people off before they have actually spend any kind of money so the outrage will be smaller when there is a feature implemented some people don't like after the funding is done. And btw. if you removed or lowered your pledge because of this in a way that doesn't let you participate in the beta anymore you are such a genius. This way you'll never be able to help shape the social feature in a way that you feel appropriate. This "Social" implementation, as I read it, will be either a Messaging service, or something like Demon's Souls and leaving messages/clues throughout the land. Yeah, I pledged back when it was at about 300k, and would've been satisfied with the 1million dollar game. Anything over that is simply a bonus. Don't care if it is something I want or not, the core game will be the same anyway. @JJ I don't want to see any post-2001 ideas in this game, that all. I don't care if ideas are good or bad. I agree with another poster there should be an edit feature ... LOL ... 20+ years LOL I personally do not want an 8-bit flashback game ... I would hope some new ideas were incoporated. It has been over 30 years I am sure some of the ideas in that time were good ones. Also where is the faith in Fargo. He purposely highlighted the fact he was not going to cave to the publishing world when in the video. Give the guy a chance ... wow ... all the overreaction is a bit of a turnoff and a buzz kill on what should be a happy occasion. @ Looptop "Nerds" applies to both sides. :p This project should be flashback to the past. By logic of some people that project should take some ideas from newest Bioware games because they pushed "some"limits... Lot of people support this project because they want old experience, they don't want anything new. No matter what - my pledge was based on the history and the legacy of these games and the belief that Mr. Fargo has the vision to do the right thing. I personally can't stand all the social networking tools and do not enjoy multiplayer much. I am also not in the least bit concerned about the recent statements by Fargo about some minor 'social' options for the game. Even if these options show up - I doubt you would forced to utilize them. Have faith in the Fargo! Anything social is the nerds kryptonite, the very word makes them shiver! The damage is done, but it will probably blow over. Whether you're for or against the "social" idea it's become obvious that Brian floating this trial balloon now was a very bad idea. It's slowed contributions down at the very moment they were starting to pick up again and turned this board into a nerd warzone, ( :p ), just when everyone was happily celebrating passing the 1.5 million mark. Major fail. @David - Great points. I remember when the first Fallout was released people complained about the isometric game play. Same was true with Baldur's Gate, fans of the "Gold Box" did not like the isometric third person view etc. Of course history repeated when Fallout 3 arrived as a first person interface. Personally, I love Baldur's Gate, the old "Gold Box" games, and all the Fallout titles. (New Vegas has a great "Wasteland vibe" throughout with many nods to the old game.) I think there are simply those who are held back by nostalgia and preconceptions such that they can't accept or even try to accept change. id associate twitter with social more than facebook lol at who ever says that also social is anything from twitter to ustream and other live media sites to blogs Removing pledges is plain stupid. Mine will go up at the end of this month. And I hate facebook kind of "social" crap. But I don't think Wasteland 2 will go in that direction, and this is not fanboy talking, but an opinion formed by everything that was said and done here. I think it's a sad reflection of society, and of hardcore gamers, when the word "social" is automatically associated with Facebook and results in this huge overrreaction and outpouring of emotion. But the reaction seems to be the same with any new idea presented. Every truly great RPG, whether it be Wasteland, Fallout, Arcanum, Wizardry 8, Baldur's Gate, Might and Magic VI, Ultima IV, etc., pushed the traditional RPG to new limits. All of the great RPGs innovated and expanded the genre. I don't want or expect any different from Wasteland 2, and I doubt the developers do either. Backers determine what belongs to Wasteland 2. Filtered by Brian Fargo, of course. If most people asked Wasteland 2 to be a First Person Shooter, I doubt very much that would happen and would probably end with Brian asking that people to take their backing back because it's not part of the project he wants to create. Have a bit more of faith in the man because if he had wanted to make a Facebook game, he would have found a big publisher more than happy to help with it. @marcos jonck, that would be pretty cool actually. Also I don't get why people are removing their pledges because of this. I am still very much a believer. Haha, I have just learnt about this! Even when I am not a huge fan of RPGs, Wasteland was a refreshing surprise when I played it for first time back around 1993... So I felt like I should help fund this the same I did with the Double Fine adventure. The industry needs more people like you wanting to make the games you have in mind, putting the effort in gameplay and the gaming experience -- and not the eye candy, which looks like the only good thing in most of the new titles that come out every year. Ah, and wanting to supporting Linux and Mac is something I also appreciate :D Keep it rocking! Would be cool to see some "ranger symbol language" on walls, trees etc. Like the messages that we have in Demon's souls. It's not a chat or multiplayer, more like a "you are not alone" thing hehehe. Messages like "safehouse", "ammo suplier", "cool chicks inside" etc. Maybe a feature you could turn it on/off. But i prefer a larger world, more quests than this. Oh me so sorry, I forget to type "me". I am not removing my pledge. I want my CE and the other swag. If someone wants to remove theirs, that is their business. overreactions like some posted here are the reason why we don't hear alot from the developers themself on details. I think those "social" features go in the direction of those scoreboard idears floating arround in the forums. A way to compare to your friends and "show off". It was a part of these old games that you got a score for your all over game play. But i stand on the same point that multiplayer features divers from the core singelplayer RPG premise of the game and take you pout of the immersion fo the game. Features like that are sought by gamers that mostly don't seek a immense immersion in the game world in the first place. If you can incorporate a rating system then make it so that it doesn't break this immersion in the world. @Another Guy: Correct me if I am wrong but moving beyond 8-bit graphics would "shiny new features" as would isometric views, etc. do we avoid including those as well. Being a bit melodramatic but there is a point there. You cannot expect teh developer to ignore 30 years of technological advancement and devices especially if they add to the game experience. Might there be features I disagree with or would not use of course I see it on the polls in the forums (e.g. modding for example I would never do) but there are features I totally want (e.g. no quest compass, etc). I am perfectly contect to let Brian and his team produce and deliver the game. He has the history and the passion and there is no way after reading all these blustery comments that he will be able to satisfy everyone. let him do his work and I am sure the majority will be happy. My concern is that some of the very vocal might ruin features that a silent majority would like whatever they may be. @Brian, Wasteland 2 team et al. Make the game you want and I can say without hesitation if its a game you are happy with and would play then I will be happy with it as well and ignore all the complainers!!! @Travis Fahs There are ways to add social features. It will massively impact the design of Wasteland 2, since it must be designed to work with *and* without the social features. It will add to development time. It will need money - to pay for the people working on the game. The first is limited by the talent of the designers doing the game mechanics. The latter two are *very* limited. What most people fear is how adding these things, since we have no design document to check, will not add to the Wasteland 2 experience, or worse, worsen it. I think it is a valid concern. Assholes who feel threatened by anonymous people on the internet make laugh. That said, people don't think of Demon's Souls as "social" they think of it as very hardcore. And that's more what they were going for. You do not 'send friends notes' in demons souls. That is not how it works. Please look up what the features are and how they work before dismissing them. It is more about cooming across the scralwed message of a stranger that could be useful or devious not txting. assholes threatening by withdrawing their pledges make me sick. if you're gonna do it at least have some decency not to shout it out. I dunno, I think there are ways to make the social features make sense in the game world, but the word "social" is a pretty dirty word to hardcore gamers, so I think that's why there's a backlash. @Another Guy: You took the words out of my mouth. Well put. Keep everything out of Wasteland 2 that doesn't belong and please, for heaven's sake make sure it's polished. Don't put in "shiny new features", just because they are popular in other games, or don't add to the core Wasteland 2 experience. How does receiving in-game notes, or items from friends fit in the storyline? How does it add to the campaign? If it doesn't, then ditch it. The development time is already scarce. Personally, I feel that 12+ months is not a long time at all to deliver a level of content that I hope is greater than your generic Steam downloadable game. I hope you guys can spend the time polishing the game, to make everything work together. Torment, Vampire: Bloodlines, Arcanum, all these games had great ideas, but all had glaring flaws (in gameplay, interface, content, stability, bugs etc). The games had the potential to be *great*, but the lack of polish, and rushed releases, reduced them to merely average or worse. It's only the few fans that purposely ignore these flaws that they have a cult following today. I hope that Wasteland 2 does not suffer from their same fate. @PorkSol: Good riddance @mindx2 I'm happy to see you still believe in this game! I'm sure it's going to be great. And between this and the new Enhanced Edition of Baldur's Gate I hope we will see a boost in the genre! I already dream with a Planescape: Torment 2... To read what is written here is more fun then to watch the American soap Seinfeld. It is fresh. On top of that, the antagonist is popping out sentenses with good ideas from time to time. It is educational reading for Brian for shure :-) Pardone my French. This user's account has been deleted. just stop complaining and let fargo make the tactical shooter with crpg elements he always wanted to make My 2 cents; sending items to friends seems fine. Less sure about notes. I don't blame Brian and inXile for floating the "social", "multiplayer" and "moddable" balloons out there, since many of the hugest games of recent years employ one or more of those elements. However from reading the comments, especially the earlier ones, backers are focused on the experience of the original Wasteland and Fallout games. Meaning, NO social, multiplayer or modding. Just a straight up single player non-modifiable game. That's the core value proposition of this project, and it really should be limited to that when spending the Kickstarter funds. +1 for demon souls / dark souls alike social features , come on guys before you decide what that means check it out (btw in germany it was never declared as a social feature more like a special kind of multiplayer). It's a realy great addition since it let you interact with player around the world in a neiter good or bad way ... love that hints say going forward you will be rich , pointing at a trap ... I just feel that his initial pitch for this project was spot on! It doesn't need "tweeking" as far as I was concerned and would have then really just sat back and eagerly awaited Oct. 2013. Again, my only concern is they are on a limited budget and I hope/ want them to use our pledges to make their original pitch idea as big/ great/ complex/ etc. as they can without feature creep chipping away. ... but with that being said after sleeping on it I did over react and will now wait to hear what Brian & Co. have in mind with my full pledge in their pockets :) Just chalk in down to a very old and jaded cRPGer who feels he's been left out in the gaming desert for too many years and suffers from sun stroke ;) I want and hope for civil discussion as I want this project to succeed so others (I'm talking to you MCA, J. E. Sawyer, Obsidian) can create the games we all have been missing for all those years. Here's to the success of this and future old-school cRPGs!!! @Anton: I agree and it's not even really social. It's social in the way I'm being social when I go into a store and buy something. Words are exchanged but at the shallowest possible level. wow, that fox news report with Brian on the front page was right, there are indeed some nerds in here, and they are totally afraid of even mentioning word 'social'. So much pain! personally for me see nothing wrong with it. It was a cool feature in Demon Souls(which have some very hardcore _single_ player btw), its totally optional, and it's not even set in stone and will be discussed with fans later on a forums. But I understand, life is pain, what can you do about it. i think, the bad taste in my mouth from the word "social" is comming directly from this tons of facebook, iPad-Phone-Pod games, which require, so and so many friends to do this or that. to be honest i am also fed up with THIS kind of social aspect where you have to annoy all your friends with stupid invitiations constantly just for the possibility of gaining a small advantage in one of these games. i think this trash directly ruined the term social aspect. So, since i don't have any clue what Brian has in his mind, i wait to find out. i think small social aspects could be good if they are optional and not required to reach 100% of the game, like i said the idea is it that counts. i.e it's a nice idea if i find a weapon where i think, hey, my brother who plays the game too really could need this piece of equipment. let's write him a letter and see if we can meet/trade at outpost.... This sounds OK. Otherwise a social aspect like: invite 5 of your friends to get the gun blablabla and so on sucks ! but to withdraw my pledge just because of the word "social" that's a short circuit reaction. I would say let us see what Brian and his team has in their mind... I'm also adamantly against features that I don't know anything about, and that no one has even outlined at all because this makes so much sense at all. Hilarity ensured of course. @Ryanhart: If people didn't care so much we would have 1.5 to begin with so you'll just have to bear with us ;) @PorkSol first off your money wont be missed.I think your jumping the gun..second for $15 why not see what happens.. i think its part of the fun. To be in on the development of a game this early and to see it progress to final product. @PorkSol: Come on, dude. Put that pledge back in. We need you and what possible better opportunity for an old school rpg will you get elsewhere? :) Some people are adamantly against the social feature (full disclosure: this includes me) and same say "Well, I'm not gonna use it but if it's optional who cares?". Is there anyone who actually positively wants this feature? Remember, there is still forums, Facebook, you name it to be "social" on and talk about the game in any case. Cheers! @PorkSol: You won't be missed. Trying to leverage the devs to drop an /optional/ feature you don't like? Your withdrawal looks like nothing but win. There is not even a single line of code written nor the design finalized and some people already see a red flag because of a word they might be totally misinterpreting? Geez, we really are in PC land now and probably the only words that could have a worse reaction would be "lead platform console" @PorkSol: Really? Whitdrawing beacuse of a feature which implementation or form has not even been decided yet? update 6 says that the social ellements are still being considered they are also putting a vote on it. Just vote against the introduction of social elements and it won't get put in. I think inXile hasn't thought about the games expansion and the extras if the funding reaches 2 million, but it is clear to me everyone wants a single player strait up RPG. Wasteland 2 just got mentioned on techdirt: <url>´t overreact over the social feature. Instead read what Brian just added under update 6. * Withdraws pledge due to update #6 * Just upped to $50 - thanks for adding Linux. lol at people overreacting on the "social" feature. I'm not that against the idea, I just want them to hire staff to do something else instead as I couldn't give a perfectly fine rats-ass for anything about that feature! It's not the update 6 that slows pledges down, it's just the way this thing works. At first pledges game rapidly, the they slowed to a crawl. Then they picked up when 1,5 was closing in and now they've slowed again. It happened with DF also. The beginning and the end brought in more money than the middle part. update #6 seems to slow down the pledges Grognard's gonna grognard As long as you can still turn off the message/multplayer aspect there is no problem with it. social elements in post apocalyptic world ?!! LOL I'm glad to see there will be support for Linux. And I think unobtrusive networked aspects to the game are fine. I have always been a fan of 'bones' files in nethack, which let you occasionally stumble on the remains of a previous (player) adventurer. But I can understand why people get worried when the word "social" gets thrown about; it evokes mind-sucking facebook games or endless in-app purchasing. I would be more than happy to see Wasteland 2 without any "social" elements. I'm looking for a solid 1-player RPG which captures the essence of the classic Wasteland. This user's account has been deleted. Oh, for pete's sake - how do you add skills in Wasteland 1? I find it disheartening that a few people decided to turn on this project for merely *presenting* an idea they dislike. What an amazingly effective way to shut down the lines of open & enthusiastic communication forged between developers/backers *and* deal a hearty ol' blow to the feeling of camaraderie we've all been enjoying. Luckily, it seems there are more than a few sensible folks who know how to voice their opinion, be it good/bad/indifferent, without acting like it is the End of Days. Most important point: The "KickStart Upstart" video was fun! :D Thanks for working hard to keep us all in the loop + entertained. tl;dr Narwhals are neat, and Wasteland II will be grand. That is all. @Trond Midtaeter solberg-Your Logic is intefering with my ****. *tablets sorry. Steam allows you to press shift+tab (default) and access a browsers if you need to get your social fix. We don't need these features integrated in Wasteland 2. If you don't use Steam, then I'm sure you can still alt+tab back to Windows or your preferred OS and use your internet browsers from there. People also use their mobile phones and tables to keep up to date on social networks. @Ruben-EXACTLY.If stuck in a wasteland,leaving a nore in blood on the wall would be even better,so just a little note explaining territory"YOU" know about is fine.You're supposed to be Rangers for Chrissakes..yer gonna leave something behind.Essentially I believe the social aspect need be no more complicated than the very message board we are all using now.I think "SOCIAL" is being taken way out of context.That being said,IF I HAD A FACEBOOK,I would be leaving up WASTELAND as the whatever the fuck status thing is,FOR THE NEXT 24 DAYS!$ $$$$$ ......................4 million or BUST!!!...................................$$$$$$$$ @ET3D Well, I'm definitely starting to feel like one, believe me. "So who's the child, jackass?" You are, Rolf W Jr, you are. :) Maybe we should look at it this way: If all of us who aren't crazy about the social features donates an additional 5$ (instead of withdrawing our donations), we might manage to regain the funding otherwise taken by developing such social features - making up the difference, so to speak. Nicholas Russell , I sure hope they add an edit feature. After all, I just called Brian Fargo a "her" in my last comment. Gah! Sean, oh I get it. In general, it makes my sensitive bits spin too. (Thanks for the link, too, had not read it.) Don't let me downplay the concern. I just think Mr. Fargo and her crew are the right sort of antidote to the problem. If they want to try a few experiments on the way, let's give it a shot. Even then, sounds like they;ll kill it out of the gate if the community froths enough. I guess my point is this; don't get mad, just get vocal--they really do seem to be listening. And again, I know you get it-- I'm just getting my thoughts out there. @Nicholas I'm happy to give Fargo the benefit of the doubt. I hope and expect he will make a post somewhere soon explaining in detail how he wants the social aspects to work. That should also include an accompanying poll that lets the backers express their feelings on whether they think such a feature is a good idea or not. I'm not sure I've seen any of what you call "throwing stones at his carcass." Nearly everyone who I've seen make a comment on that aspect has expressed legitimate complaints on how it will affect the rest of the game and the Kickstarter project itself. Fargo stated that he wanted fans' input on the game every step of the way, and that's what we're all doing. If he had mentioned the social features at the outset instead of a couple weeks and $1.5 million of the way through it, the passion from the detractors probably would've been lessened. Who do you think you're* God... one day they'll add an "edit comment" feature here. I loved The Witcher 2. Great game. I bought the CE. Loved playing it on a 61 inch 3dtv too with Trackball/KB, tried with controller and the controls sucked. Didn't seem like a console game to me. PC gets all the extra stuff for free day one too. I love rpg's and want an old school game that is why I backed this. It is not the type of game for social BS. I want to feel like I am alone and at any moment I could die. I want it to be brutal, sarcastic, with dark humor. You guys want to ruin the immersion factor with silly notes that takes away from that desolate feeling. What ever happened to beating a game by yourself and figuring out what, when, how, and why something happened for yourself. You kids sit on youtube with walk-throughs telling you how to do everything, and it's like what the hell is the point. You want a MMORPG, go play one of the many readily available. To be honest I am not at all surprised by all this uproar the social element has caused. We're dealing with a group that's been neglected for a really long time and language is a powerful tool that has been the career-ending bane of politicians since their profession was first created. To that I think it is Brian Fargo's fault for choosing his words poorly. But still I have to ask you guys who rightfully hate even the words "social" and "wasteland 2" in the same sentence one thing: Who do you're actually dealing with here? From what I understand Brian Fargo's a man who's been trying for 20 years to get a proper uncompromising sequel to this game made. He's the one who's been turned down for his stubbornness against introducing any sort of modern change publishers have put forward to him. He's the guy whose doing this almost solely because fans, the world over, have demanded it of him personally. Do you really think he'd put something into this game if he didn't have a very good reason for thinking it would both make the game better and be something the hardest of hardcore would want to utilize? I say we hear him out and see what he has in mind before throwing stones at his carcass. I mean he did help start this whole movement with this Kickstarter. That alone, without considering who he is and how strongly he feels about old school style gameplay, has earned him the benefit of a doubt in my book. @Gene Cronk Storing things in the database isn't the issue. Dealing with all that data is the problem. Since each object is essentially being treated as a real world object in the scenario I mentioned, you run into problems. Your "solution" did nothing to solve the space problem I mentioned. There's also the issue with synchronizing it. The in game items have to vaporize when you disconnect or you run into problems. (IE: Player A drops a note. Player B and C pick up note and get disconnected. Player B destroys Player A's note while he's disconnected. Meanwhile Player C alters Player A's note. Player B and C reconnect. What happens to player A's note?) You could make each note immutable, but then you're going to have tons of virtual trash sitting around as every action requires a new note, and even if you delete one, it'd only be local. A new person joining a group of friends would see every one from start to finish. Also, you have the cost of the server to factor in. If the game is constantly going to be checking for object updates on it's own, it's going to use a *heck* of a lot more bandwidth and stress the server more. Even an incremental update of objects would have to query a radius based on player location, and then get at least the note ids and coordinates. Get 30k clients doing that to a server at the same time... Compare that to manually requesting info from a sign post where a person might do it 1% of the time they're playing. @Ynfve and Rolf W Jr I like those comments. Good Points. If the game has Steam support that'll cover the social aspects I'll need in order to stay in touch with friends while playing. Use the funding to make a better game. Don't start with the Twitter/Facebook trend in Wasteland 2, let the game be more timeless than that. We want this game to outlive any current social networking services and not be based around them. Please. @Odd Ball Yeah, what a tough decision that must be, either sign with a publisher and have to mold and alter the game completely at their command whether you like it or not while getting 10% of the eventual profits. Or go with Kickstarter, in which 100% of every sale is pure profit that you share with no one, you assume zero risk in making the game because the fans have picked up the entire bill, and you don't have to make a single change to the game regardless of how many people ask you to. What a nerve-racking decision that must be! Wasteland 2 should be a single player RPG; no multiplayer or online social interaction of any kind. If this project gets over 2 million inXile should step back and take a hard look at the game and what it needs before any announcements get made. I think inXile is coming up with the decisions of what to do with the over funding too fast, just to satisfy the curious. I trust these guys to make a good game so there doesn't have to be any rush announcement on how the over funding is going to be spent. Make the announcements of the extras when the decision of what to do with the overfunding is absolute. Still on about this Social OPTION, WOW its not that big a deal, if your a developer you're in a rock and a hard place when it comes to funding being between a publisher or Kick Starter! Having said all that, bottom line I love the social innovation, I just don't think a Demons/Dark Soul cloning sounds yummy to me. Also, the "revolted by social media" thing was referring to Facebook..... I'd love it if it was, say, an in game connection rather than Facebook... but honestly I understand the logistics are tough without an existing social base (Steam community perhaps...?) so you still have my love and money either way, and as said before in others' comments, I will be sad if you end up tossing this innovation before exploring it. I trust you guys for innovation. Lol people are now calling Witcher 2 a console title, oh god. Okay so any game that releases on console no matter how many years later is a console game gotcha. I guess since Diablo 3 is being developed for consoles it's a consolized, terrible game *Rolls eyes* Eh...can't read some of these comments anymore. The elitism in PC gamers is just a sad, sad thing to watch. Anywho, good luck with the project Brian. Hmm... maybe for social integration (if you reeeeeeally reeeeeally want to do it, I don't see the point since gamers have a... complicated relationship with social media) you could have side-narratives that draw upon the exploits of others, and have SIDE-quests (read: a world's richness and the integrity of a narrative comes from the fact that all these NPCs in the world have separate lives/storylines that are affected by things you do but also by things that people you can't control that are completely unrelated to you as well as a frontline story as seen through your eyes) grow from the results of another player's actions, rather than the demon's souls notes thing, which, while wicked cool, doesn't really apply here because of the gameplay differences (Demon/Dark Souls core gameplay - hardness and skill, W2 gameplay - presumably RPGing and tactics/strategy). Basically, perhaps don't commit yourself yet, hire some talented voices of dissent who can do something flavorful and new that doesn't just crowd up your screen and irritate your fanbase-financiers, the strategy-RPG gamers who, at least in my case, are rather revolted by most social media. @Shawn Do you suppose maybe mindx2 backed the project because there wasn't any mention of social features until just now? So who's the child, jackass? Having a horrible experience with EA's origin right now. Errors over and over again, I hope that you guys are not considering using Origin for digital distribution - if you do, I want my money back! I think mindx2 is overreacting like an adhd riddled child. The social aspect sounds fun and if you cant trust Brian Fargo to make a great rpg based upon his pedigree alone, not to mention his love for the genre in general, then why did you back in the first place. Go back and run Activision you Bobby Kotick wannabe. @Scott Bruner Very well said. I emphatically agree with you on that point. @Pedro Fargo has said he is using Demons' Souls as a template for the social integration. If you have played that game or read the reviews, you understand that the social aspect is tightly woven into the gameplay and it is a dramatically different game without it. He may say that it will be optional and will not detract from the core game, but I believe he will find that is a mistake after it is too late to change it back. @Zalusithix one DB entry for a unique game ID (user id), one for game coordinate (where to put the note or item) , one for the contents, and one for the "from" id....then another table for a "friends" list.....seems easy to me I am mostly into strategic games, but a brainy RPG would be very temting too... so I upped the pledge :-) @Gene Cronk I only said the first way of doing things would be time consuming... Having to deal with persistent in game objects dynamically updating from a server is far more complex than static locations like an in game bulletin board / road sign / whatever. You'd have to synchronize the objects in multiple games that could be played at the same time and/or different times. Then you'd have the physical limitations of 3 dimensional space to worry about. How many notes can you drop in one area before it looks like a paper factory? How do you interact with that many in game objects in a close proximity? A static location to access them in an n-dimensional space is more sensible. One in game board could hold hundreds of notes just as easily as it could hold a single one. The social thing didn't grab me, but I'm interested in finding out a little more about it before I pass judgment. I did enjoy how Journey handled the social aspect, as an aside. @Pedro good post And if you say "I just want Fargo to explain that he's not ruining the game", he already did. Read the edit inside update #6. Sorry if I offend anyone, but I think it's very sad to see people lowering their pledge because of the social thing. Brian mentions the possibility of light, *optional* social integration with friends, without compromising anything in the game, and people react as if he had announced that the game was turning into a Farmville clone. You're free to do whatever you want -- it's your money -- but I think it's a spoiled and childish attitude. @zalusithix Based on what BF has said.....leaving a note in someone else's game would take a few DB tables and probably 100 lines of code (at most)....I've worked on video games before (as QA, sysadmin) and even I can think of easy ways to implement this @Vadrick my thoughts exactly It's getting late so I wish you all a good night and thank you for the lively debate. At least Brian knows we are ALL passionate about his game. I'm not going to go Jerry Maguire here, but I'm firmly anti-social aspect, too. It's no good for the suspension of disbelief. I don't mind yapping about our Wasteland 2 experiences with my Pathfinder group but I don't want them IN my Wasteland 2 world. @Vadrick Implementation time and testing complexity would be heavily dependent on how it would be done. A dynamic implementation where notes could be dropped anywhere and immediately pop up in other games is a far cry from having static locations where you could manually access them. If they're gunning for the second option, then yes, this drama is pretty much over nothing. We'd be talking basic database functionality, light server loads (player initiated), easy test cases (static locations), and minimal interaction with the game engine (doesn't need to be in the event loop). A programmer could practically implement it in his spare time. The former option, however, would have deeper hooks into the game engine, a constant connection to the server (which in turn would potentially have scaling issues), more complex testing cases, etc. Going that route would suck up time that's probably better off spent elsewhere. Console-friendly I'll agree with. Well said, Akael. Read up on that games development and you clearly see it was develop with consoles in mind from day one. Console-first? The XBox 360 version wasn't even announced until the month after Witcher 2 was released and it took the rest of the year and more to do! Reason=out the window. @Bernardo - I'm fine with innovation just not on the very first real cRPG we've gotten in well over a decade :) I also think that InXile here is acting like the publisher by saying all the right things at the beginning AND THEN going "Oh by the way did we forget to mention this..." For all those contesting the 'social' aspect - please go and play Demon's Souls/Dark Souls for reference. Believe me, you're still very much 'alone' but knowing there are others out there in the same situation as you adds a lot of life and depth to the world. You know, those things you keep asking for? Please don't all jump on the bandwagon and bully them out of a feature that would actually enhance your sense of role play in the Wasteland world. You've pledged money so I assume you have more than a passing interest in the project, so when you read something have more than a passing interest in what they're actually talking about! @Jayce - No, I'm saying their design choices QTEs, inventory, dialogue were clearly influenced (for the worse) by a console-first standpoint. Just look at the inventory system in the first game and then in W2 and tell me consoles didn't effect that game. @mindx2 I see you point, but it really makes me said when you say a big no to any innovation. I think you are right in complaining and reducing your pledge (or even taking it back) if Wasteland 2 is not what you thought it would be. But I also think YOU GUYS ARE ACTING JUST LIKE THE PUBLISHERS! What happened to "power to the developers"? What happened to "no one influencing the game they are making"? I really wish inXile just said "I'm doing a RPG game". And no other details or compromises... @mindx2 You are seriously saying that Witcher 2 is a worse game and CDProjekt a less trustworthy company because they have ported it to console? This is exactly the type of irrationality I am talking about. @mindx2 I'll keep my pledge to see next updates. I really track this project from early time so I was frustrated as well. Right now I go to sleep and wish Fargo make extremely strong statement about what this game going to be. Well there we go. mindx2 just elucidated what I'm too drunk and angry to say right now. @Vadrick I think this is what makes people cringe when they hear "social" and "game" in the same sentence. I don't think this is what Fargo has in mind for this game but this sums up the problem pretty well. It may go a long way to explaining this "backlash" for the confused amongst you. <url>"social" component, *as long as it can be turned off,* and as long as the game is *designed* for single-player. If I want to interact with people on the Internet, I've got Quake III. ::shaking my head:: Well, I did reduce my pledge and will keep it at the minimum until there is a clearer explanation that it does NOT take away from the core concept that many of us initially decided to back. It must not affect the single-player portion ONE bit and not affect the balance of the game AT ALL. Create the entire game as if this feature never existed that pop in your "social-thingy" at the very end when everything else has been finished. I will vote with my wallet and I respect any other opinion but I can and will express mine. I have been so excited about this game since I first heard of it and registered on their forums back on March 6th. However, today was the first day doubt was introduced. I'm not sure if some of you realize how starved many of us are for a "pure" old-school cRPG like the days of old. When we hear terms like "social" aspects talked about we immediately think of all the promises for over a decade by studios saying we are building you a true old-school cRPG only to get Dragon Age, Mass Effect, or Oblivions. Even the bright spots like CDProject have gone "commercial" i.e. consolized. Anything that hints at "innovation", "broadening the appeal", or similar sentiments are disturbing because we've been burned so many times before. I suppose I am a little too passionate about this but think of it as a man in the desert being offered a cool glass of lemonade only to have little by little drain out of the glass as it gets near him. He's worried it will be empty by the time it gets to him so he reacts rather impatiently towards the one bringing him the glass. Again, I respect others who disagree but please try understand my position as well. 30 year software jockey here. Why are we arguing over a feature that will take 2 days to implement and 10 minutes a cycle to test? I think it would be pretty cool to share my Wasteland with a friend as long as it doesn't change my game at all. @Bernardo de Oliveira e Silva I don't think the moderator is taken very seriously, I've seen it mostly get slammed in the forums for liking every idea posted in it. Just to changing the subject a bit... Anyone knows how inXile are taking the pools in account? Or even if they are considering those pools already? The google moderator thing is getting a bit messy and the forum as well. I makes me said to see a lot of good ideas lost there I think inXile should make a new webpage where they would select one idea every week and put it to vote, so we would really know what everyone is thinking and what is going in the game. Agreed! I hope I can bump up one more level before this ends. I'm excited to be a part of it. Besides, nothing will be "taken out" of the game just because there are some OPTIONAL social features. Agree with Sean. I probably won't be using any "social" features (if any end up in the final product), but I can't wait for the game, and would pledge even more (I pledged $250) if I could -- not because I want the greater rewards, but because I believe in the project, and love this type of games. @Jayce Pentad I agree 100%. I mean, I don't thing I want social stuff, but what I REALLY want is for them to try new stuff! Not anything that would detract too much of the old cRPGs, but maybe something that would make it better! I find it really amusing to see how reactionary some people are! And I think the social aspect could be nice if they are creative, like your ideas. I think it would be really immerse if I'm am to fight a boss and I see the corpse of a dead ranger! I would know one of my friends died there and that the battle is hard, even without they living me a note! But i also think the innovation could came in different ways like destructive environment, different plot structure, different way to interact with your equipment, etc. Bottom line is, i don't have any reason to believe Brian Fargo would do something stupid. He a part in most of my favorite games. If I didn't believe in this game I wouldn't pledge. I got inXile's Bard's Tale for iOS and was just playing classic BT 1 on my iPad, so much fun! Apparently a community made Wing Commander just released today also! Good times. Anyway I doesn't have any access to computers before 1990 so most good RPG is < 2001 for me. :) In a radioactive post-apocalyptic setting you could even see mutant turtles. Depending on their age and training, well... @Bernardo - Good to see someone who understands the deep historical relevance of turtles in the post-apocalyptic RPG genre! No one is taking away anything of the game you want. They are simply considering an additional feature. That anyone would even consider reducing or removing their pledge is embarrassing, and that's my opinion. I hate social features and will be leaving them disabled, of course. That doesn't dampen my enthusiasm for the project though. I'd rather talk about turn based team combat or something other than this irrelevant little feature I won't be using. Wouldn't you all? @Ruben I make good description why its bad in update comments. Just one think I've repeat here one more time: Fargo says he want to make old-school RPG, and for me old-school RPG incompatible with social features. I don't want to see them in Wasteland 2. I would rather see features more pertinent to the single player RPG experience than gimmicks I would never use. @Adam @Jayce We here talk about computer games... so... @Steven Ellis Thanks for that reasonable reply. I hope you're right. I don't want my personal preferences to limit someone else's gaming experience. Upped my pledge as an apologies to inXile for the irrational "fans." I'll do it again after vacation if I can. @Andrew Maizels If you put your turtles ideas in for voting I'll support you. And since the focus of this game is changing a bit they could be some pet turtles that we could send into battle, like the nintendo pokemon games! They are pre-2001, so, to @SXX standards they are old-school! @SXX don't hate me, I just couldn't pass the joke go... @SXX RPG's where built on being social. D&D @SXX cRPGs derive from pen and paper RPGs played as a SOCIAL activity. @Pedro You aren't being creative enough, and besides hints on how to kill bosses was often in old games. Or turn the feature off if you don't like it. Maybe the boss killed a Ranger team and the last one crawled away while the boss was distracted with his mates, then scrawled the weakness that they discovered but realized too late to exploit in blood on the wall. If you can't find immersion breaking stuff in old games you have nostalgia goggles on. Or wait, do you want advances in storytelling and narration from more recent years? Wouldn't that violate the era we are trying to evoke? ; ) @SXX the fact that you are unwilling to provide any critical reasoning why the feature is a bad idea shows you are being completely irrational and providing nothing to the conversation beyond "IT IS BAD GRAAAH" That says nothing. Why is it bad? Bring something to the conversation beyond blind hatred. @Bernardo ANY social features is BAD for RPG. There is nothing to talk about. @JGB The programmers will no doubt work to the plan, but I don't think you should be concerned, talented programmers with the right tools and libraries can run rings around this feature in hours, not weeks. We should want inXile to experiment along these lines whether they end up using it in this project or not. Why? Because experimentation is part of what healthy game developers do. The problem I see with social stuff, even if well implemented (e.g. posted messages from FRIENDS ONLY, never random strangers, and possibly even then reviewed manually by inXile staff so that they're "in-character"), will mean that you never feel like you're the first group exploring some place. Someone has already been there first. Besides, if they're giving hints about how to kill some boss, then they have already done so... but you still need to kill him yourself. There goes the suspension of disbelief... Unreal the lack of critical thought or reading in these complaint comments. The game has more than enough to make: the original pitched concept, the expanded 1.25mil features, the Mac and GNU/Linux support and the again expanded 1.5mil features. ANYTHING ELSE IS EXTRA, COMPLAINING ABOUT WHAT THEY DO WITH EXTRA MONEY IS LOGICAL FALLACY. Go to the forums and participate and vote. People using their brains to contribute an informed opinion, pro or con, will be listened to far more than whining in comments. I'm sure they are reading all of this but if I were Fargo I would be shaking my head at the foolishness here. WastelandVille? Seriously? I'm embarrassed to be part of this "community" today. The person saying pledges have dried up? Bull. If you want the exact same games as WL, FO1/2/T, whatever go play those games. I know a nostalgia trip has carried us far but this is about making a NEW game that harks back to Wasteland and carries on its legacy properly. If WL2 came out back then and it had the feature that you could do stuff like leave notes for a friend and transfer them into his save file it would have been the most amazing thing you ever heard whether you used it or not. Read, think, and try to have an open mind for thirty seconds before spewing! Good advice in any venue. I think it is very funny to see some of the guys that were all like: “Amen Fargo! Take my money, do whatever you want with it, I believe in you. Oh, here, take some more money!”, going nuts over this social thing! It’s funny to see beliefs changing so fast. But my real opinion about the social aspect. I don’t think the game needs it. But I also don’t think it’s something forbidden. I was a bit concerned with us getting an expansion of Wasteland/Fallout/Fallout 2, with just some small changes. I mean, that would nice already, but I would like something more! Some innovation! I´m happy to see they are trying to have some. I don’t think it should come as a social thing, but hell, if they have some good idea about it, let they give it a shoot. But come on guys... WastelandVille? Wasteland: Facebook? Do we really need this kind of drama? As long as we make $1.75m and get our turtles, I'm happy. lol @ everyone freaking out. Its clear Brain cares. Its clear social is an optional function. Its clear that our feedback matters. I am not overly enthusiastic about the social element, but I have yet to hear how they would go about implementing it either... It's not that "social" bs in and of itself is so offensive, (I don't like it), but it's the money and time that could be going to much better use. Like actually sticking to the original pitch for the game. You know, an old school rpg. @Ruben I think good old-school RPG doesn't really need any post-2001 year ideas. I don't mean all new ideas is bad, but there is nothing critical because all basics already was in Fallout 1/2, BG 1/2 and IWD 1/2. No reason to make some risky experiments in gameplay. @SXX - Now THAT would be funny :) @Steven Ellis Hah, one of reasons why I get this lot its to add in game some interesting detail. Its definitely will be not boring NPC with boring name. Might be I need to add "Mark Zuckerberg" NPC who saying that is social networks s*ck? You guys have read Brian's "update to the update", right? -------- Everyone remain calm.... There has been a lot of panic that any kind of element of sharing will ruin the classic old school RPG. I think some people are overreacting to the word "social" which I can kind of understand. But here is the bottom line. We will post a description of our thoughts in the forums and if YOU the fans still don't want it then we will not fight the majority. We can now get back to our normal shouting. -------- @SSX it sounds more like the vocal minority who heard the word social and overreacted with visions of facebook and MMO's in their head. They might as well remove any good ideas that were learned from Fallout 1 and 2, Infinity Engine games and any other cRPG that came out after the original as to not taint the purity. @SXX I will be dismayed if your NPC is not standing shoeless in the snow :). @Steven Ellis Probably, who known what could happens in next 24 days. I don't care about that all right now, but I really want to know which kind of game its could be. Withdraw pledge because of that mistake in text is silly :) @SSX relinquish it, give it to it's rightful owner :) @Ruben Everything is simple. I do not want to see any social things in the game, and majority of backers too, I sure. People seem way more offended by the use of the word social than the actual content of what was said. If it is anything like Demon's Souls and you don't like it then it will be extremely easy to disable and ignore and is very inoffensive. I think the idea of jotting down notes on scraps of paper and scrawled on walls fits into the lore perfectly if done tastefully and enhances the single player experience rather than cheapening it with gimmicky social aspects. It gives my single player experience little touches of humanity and makes the world feel more alive that even the best level designers can't do on their own. @Odd Ball Might be I need to freed some cool slot in rewards, so I'll be not serious much. :D P.S. I outweighed it with tips on warnings about hard enemies and treasures though :P @ Kyle lol I trolled a few people on Dark Souls the same way by making them jump off edges like Darkroot Garden to try and get treasure like the wolfs ring near the bonfire behind the illusory wall. That is the beauty of the system imo. It makes the game harder because you don't know whether to trust the information laid in-front of you if you choose to see it or not. @ SXX It is funny, WHY SO SERIOUS :) @infestor I don't have reason to decrease my pledge right now... I've still 24 days to do that. But If Fargo vision will be incompatible with my one I've out. Let it be just one more linux game for $15, but I won't be upset because of social shit. @Martin Snyder Fuckup is not funny @Soos we got the mod tools! Just think of how long it will take the fans to reverse engineer the original game and implement it with the mod tools, about six weeks or so! I plan to use the social aspects of the game to tell my friends to go to dangerous locations and not mention how dangerous. Like telling telling them to go to the Citadel in Wasteland. Muahahahaha! @Rob Crane You hit it on the head pal, if people or friends want the help then why shouldn't they get it? It makes us look bad as community whining over something that could be as simple as a note saying 'beware' to people or friends that want to see it where as everyone else can simply ignore it by pressing an 'ignore notes' option or something. I would personally want to help as many new players to the series as I can by leaving helpful notes if the option is available! What about a milestone to buy back the right for the original Wasteland, then re-use it in Wasteland 2? Play Wasteland in Wasteland 2? Religion aside, everyone complaining about the "social features" would do well to read this. <url>#6: <url>"LEAVE MESSAGE OR ITEM FOR FRIENDS "button.This would be like saying-"I'm gonna leave my friend a hint or gun he can use",IF ....I...(NOTE ...I..meaning the player)... press this button.And you as the other player,would also ,totally and within the range of your own FREE WILL,decide to also take advantage of the OPTIONAL "DO I WANT MY FRIEND TO HELP?" button....Seriously,the **** makes Nerds look bad. If rangers are going to leave eachother notes in a persistent world, you'll need an intern who has read all of stackpole's work to monitor and approve them. Unless it's just "between friends". I think you are doing the right thing by saying no to consoles, and no to multiplayer. Let's keep it clean like it should as an RPG. The social thing? I'm not so sure... I have always hated the implementation of social stuff in my games, except achievements off course. When I play a game I play it to escape the real world, I play it to be on my own for a while, with no wife and no kids, and no friends bugging me with "send me a cup of cats so I can send you a barrel of elephant turd back". Just my two cents. PS. It's Wasteland 2, I really don't care what you do, just take my money! ;) @Jim - I totally agree and if you look at the slow down in pledges this has had a negative impact on this whole process. I again look to Double Fine and how they stuck to their initial design throughout the Kickstarter drive and their updates just added excitement. I think Brian took a big misstep on this one. @mindx2 Your whinge sphere affects my immersion, what of your noxious outpourings these past 60 minutes. I'm done in. Social item sharing eh? Here's hoping all the internet stuff is disabled by default. Update to the update. "But here is the bottom line. We will post a description of our thoughts in the forums and if YOU the fans still don't want it then we will not fight the majority. We can now get back to our normal shouting." Can people stop going nuts now? Is there a pole anywhere so we can vote on this rubbish, that is not really going to effect the core game play at all, AS IT IS OPTIONAL? Really bummed that Fargo brought up these features. Not so much for what they are or mean to the game, but because he's unilaterally brought up buzzwords that are downright toxic to hardcore RPG players. I think what bums me out is that this one little update has created some doubt in some peoples' minds, where before we were all universally anticipating this project. Before we were united, now we are divided. And it's hard to undo that. Even if he backs off and says, "Never mind", you know there will be people that complain. Really not sure what he was thinking. It's not like this is anything that the fanbase was clamoring for in its RPGs... I'd love to see some social features! There are a lot of really cool things you could do that would be invented. I could see a system a lot like Demon's Souls, where Rangers can leave notes behind to warn others. There is a lot of cool ways to enrich game play. I may be in the minority, but I would love to see some sort of achievement system in place. These may be frivolous, but they also give an extra push towards exploring the nooks of an awesome world. Damn it see, it should be their not there, damn you Kick Starter comments section! @ Cormac Kennedy, I know it sucks, not being able to err and then be able to change it or have paragraphs in the comments section on Kick Starter! A Kick Starter Project to fix there comment section, anyone :)? I don't care too much for the social network, but I'd like to see released the tools to make the game multiplayer - Neverwinter Night style. I'd like to REPLAY the game with a friend, to see a different approach. If the friend makes a mess, it's fine - it's one of the interesting things of a RPG, how unpredictable your real life companions are. @Nicholas Russell - Yuck! That would rip me right out of the world I want to "lose" myself in! I want to play an old-school game where I immerse myself in that would and don't want reminders/ notes from RoXXer123 about how cool the next battle/encounter/discovery is. And once again, it's about time and money spent on a feature that DOES affect the dynamics of the game design. Although I have reservations about the "social" features like many other backers, I tripled my donation tonight. I believe in the project and Brian's vision for it. However, I would like to suggest an alternate feature-add at the two-million mark: tablet support. At two-million dollars, would it be possible to do an iOS port? I would love to have the game available both on my Mac and on my iPad. @Rolf Did you watch the video at the top of the "Project Home" page all the way through yet? I for one am interested to hear what he plans to do with the "social" aspect as it sounds like it'll be more akin to sending a note in game to a buddy than any sort of facebook or typical social thing. What better bragging right is there than being able to write up a note saying "Hi, congratulations, you're almost half as good as me at this game", post it onto a rock in an area you can only access after completing a really difficult quest, then sending that instance specifically to a friend of mine, one particularly who may have bragged a bit too much during my childhood about how much better than me he is at games. Or yah, a note to help my buddy works too, sure... To clarify, the second part of that was not aimed at odd ball, I forgot to divide it. @odd ball. I think that is going a bit far. "all that it can be" is very subjective and those people may feel they've saved they game a horrible misstep. In any case I don't think it's good for backers to start throwing weight around to influence the game anyway or the other. If you pledged money don't threaten take it back guys, not over something like this at least. @Steven I can't speak for others who have expressed reservations about the social aspect (it's not exactly a minority opinion - check the forums), but only where I'm coming from. With that in mind, I've seen this story play out countless times before - favored developer announces a project that embraces old-school gameplay, fans get excited, time passes, and the final product reveals itself to be a "modernization" that is largely or completely at odds with what was initially promised. Especially for PC players, this has happened countless times - Dragon Age starts as an ode to Baldur's Gate and ends up with in-game characters that sell DLC, Mass Effect starts as a squad-based single-player RPG and becomes a multi-player 3rd-person shooter, Syndicate transforms from a tactical strategy to a generic first-person shooter, so does X-COM (pre-Enemy Unknown), and on and on. So I hope you'll forgive me if my reaction seems a little extreme. I was very much hoping that this project was FINALLY going to ignore all of the compromises and lost promises and feature creep that always get brought into the games we want to love, and now it appears that might not happen after all. Congrats on the latest milestone guys! I haven't been this pumped for a game in a long time. It feels almost too good to be true to see something like this happening. For a while there it seemed like gaming was in a fiscal stranglehold, slowly deflating and wheezing under the pressure of publisher expectations and grandma friendly entertainment. I hope to see a return to the hayday of gaming where creativity is king and fresh ideas are being thrown onto the table. There is still so much more gaming is capable of! Its time to pump some new life into this tired industry! P.S Really happy to see some acknowledgment towards developing modding. That imo is the key to opening up the unlimited playability of a game like this. Despite the fact that this project will be kickstarted, the dev team will still need to make some design decisions to appeal to broader masses. Leaving notes isn't such a bad thing (in-game notes from other desert rangers without having to visit a forum seems handy). As long as it's not a huge cost, i imagine that some of the 30,000 backers would be happy if their ~$51.20 pledge may be used to fund this feature, and who knows, it may sell more copies so we can get a Wasteland 3. This can't be so old school that we have to read all dialogue out of an 8" square paper manual, or have every action bound to a separate letter on the keyboard. There must be some modern concessions to making this a successful product. Trust these designers to make the game they want. You fell in love with their first product, so believe in them again. Thanks fearful community regarding the social option (which would be OPTIONAL), your actions have tarnished the efforts for a game called Wasteland 2 to be all it can be, hope your proud, going to have to up my pledge due to your insecurities. But what is multiplayer about leaving notes lol? It is just an option you can choose or not probably, I mean Mr Fargo has already blatantly pointed out multiplayer is a no-no! I'm seriously doubting the note system will ever get implemented anyway but what is the the problem if you can simply go to options and turn it off? If you want to see notes then why can't you? I would pay extra to get the note system implemented Demon Souls and Dark Souls style to help new players even if the majority didn't want to. At the end of the day if YOU can choose not to see the notes then why would you be bothered about it? I'm not typically an alarmist, but having just read the last update, I feel ill. I play games to get away from other people. Yes, I know the social aspects are optional, and I don't give a (insert vile expletive of your choice here). I want more GAME in my game. The genres I used to love have been ravaged by social and multiplayer aspects. What are we, the Borg? If Wastelands 2, the last bastion of the old school CRPG is gonna have social built into it, maybe resistance IS futile. Am I overreacting? Probably. That's what happens when someone becomes very, very bitter towards something they can't avoid. (Unless I gave up gaming entirely.) If you'd have told me ten minutes ago that THIS, of all things, would have social and multiplayer integration I would have bet the farmville that you were dead wrong. Silly me. Yeah, I'm bitter, and I will eat your heart before I friend you on anything. Ahem. Wow, did I really just type all that? Time to switch to decaf and crossword puzzles. @mindx2 @Rolf your reactions seem off the chart. It's Brian Fargo... ffs. He's said countless times that the overriding considerations are qualities that you have espoused. Your manhandling of this latest update is so much more distasteful to those that have decided to invest some trust than the feature you are riling against. This person on the forum said it quite well: "Really not into the multiplayer thing. At $2m I want the single player to be enhanced. i really don't care about multiplayer and don't feel dev time and resources should be spent on it. Others might disagree but this is the first major thing I'm not into with Wasteland 2. If this is an old school single player RPG, a sequel to Wasteland and spiritual successor to FO1 and 2... why are funds being spent on multiplayer... this has me concerned, to be honest. Sending items to each other? That's so easy to break the balance, making the game harder for people who don't want to play online or with others. The balance will either favour people who play online, or offline -.Look at Dark Souls etc. I just don't want this sh*t in a single player RPG, particularly one I'm funding. Am considering dropping my pledge down to the minimum because of this. This has no place in a single player, old school RPG in the vein of FO and Wasteland, no place at all. If they HAVE to have multiplayer, don't force it into the single player experience. Make it a completely seperate mode. Multiplayer forced into the singleplayer mode in the sequel to Wasteland. Sounds like the sort of thing a publisher would demand of a developer - exactly the sort of thing that I thought kickstarter was supposed to avoid. If Wasteland 2 goes multiplayer, gotta say, I'm probably dropping my pledge (and possibly dropping out altogether). It's not what I want in a single player RPG, and to be honest I'm really disappointed. Just who has been calling for multiplayer in their single player RPGs?" Bottom line - if this feature goes ahead, I'm reconsidering my pledge and will certainly drop down a tier or two. I can get dumb multiplayer in the latest EA release. Has ANYONE been saying, 'what's missing from Fallout and Wasteland is some stupid social multiplayer'? @Matthias I have played several dozen hours of Demons' Souls on the PS3. I know exactly what Fargo is talking about when he discusses social features. Just to make that point clear. Moreover, if I want to play an RPG with social features integrated in them, I have plenty of options to choose from (see: Demons' Souls, Dark Souls). If I want to play a single-player, offline, tactical CRPG, I have virtually zero options to choose from. So no, this isn't a problem of me not understanding what anyone is talking about. @mindx2 you can play Wasteland right now. @mindx2 Yeah but here is the funny thing, you could leave notes in tabletop D&D and AD&D. From Software did nothing but bring that feature to a game released today. If an outdated Xbox 360 and PS3 by four-five years that modern PC's put to shame can choose to ignore notes by playing offline then do you really think modern PC's will have a problem lol? I mean really? Come on! It's up to the community at the end of the day, we both have to pay respect to that and make the best arguments we can for that case, but I will say one thing without trying to ruin any reputations or bring any absolutes to the situation: Brian Fargo ‏ @BrianFargo Close Read the whole update. Social as in share information with fellow player IF you want to. Demon Souls best analogy. Now like I say and Mr Fargo says it is up to community to decide what happens and features in the game, at the end of the day as I speak there are 30,159 of us with opinions on what should happen and that is the beauty of this system if you don't want the system then fine I will accept that but if they do want the system will you accept that? Please is all i'm hoping do some research into Demon Souls and Dark Souls if you haven't played them and see they are worthy to have little ideas put into the amazing as we all know it will be either way Wasteland 2! At the end of the day I will respect your opinion as a fellow backer either way and like you say if the feature isn't added at least I have Demon and Dark Souls to experience it on! Is it me or have the pledges slowed to a crawl since the update? (sarcasm) Who would of guessed? (sarcasm) @Rolf just lease it alone. You will not understand the Word social as mr fargo means it. @Chris Sloan - If you want a Demon Souls game then go play that game. Comparing Old School Wasteland to a Next-Gen console game, really?! There is NO comparison! One is an action game DESIGNED with a social component the other is a single-player, off-line cRPG! We haven't HAD a game like wasteland in many, many years and Brian gave a glimmer of hope. Now, "feature creep" has started when he sees the money coming in. Double Fine stuck to their original Old-School point and click proposal and people flocked to it. This new "feature" worries me greatly and makes me hope we don't reach $2M. Maybe that way Brian won't be able to add this social junk. I'm being honest. Those yelling that "It's optional" or "You can turn it off!" is irrelevent. They will have to change/ adjust the game to accommodate this "feature". Spending time and limited resources that could be spent on making the original core design (combat, dialogue, world size/ locations, etc.) that much richer. The doomsday prep kit will have all of your apocalypse survival needs in a wateland themed bag. Think things like iodine pills, flashlight, trapping book and other fun items So I see they made an update to the update. Hopefully this is a reminder to Brian that InXile's reputation hasn't exactly been bolstered among the hardcore RPG community by Hunted: Demon's Forge or the new Bard's Tale. Up until this update, he's been saying all the right things, but I think this update shows that there's not going to be much room to veer off-script on what this game strives for design-wise. While it's clear that Fargo has some potentially good ideas for a way to bring a Demon Souls-like multiplayer to classic RPGs (and I agree that many of Dark/Demon Souls' MP mechanics are kind of cool), I think it's best to explore those ideas in a follow-on project that isn't directly funded by the (still somewhat skeptical) hardcore RPG fans... @Vahe, Odd Ball That's right, I and the dozens of others who have asked for no social features are the "entitled" ones, because it's virtually impossible to find a decent single-player CRPG anymore and we're so hopeful that this project could finally be one of them that we pledged $100 or more just for the possibility. You two, on the other hand, are not entitled at all because there a dozen or so new social games released every single day for every single platform in existence, and yet you're upset by the idea that there might not be one more to choose from. As far as it being only an "option" - Fargo has said he is looking at Demon's Souls as the inspiration, yet nearly everyone who has played that game (including me) knows that the social features are a very tightly integrated part of the core experience, and without them the game is not at all the same experience. I do not think there is any way social features can be implemented in a way that would preserve balance. Either those who don't use them will get a much harder game, or those that do will get a much easier one. I wonder if anyone has any more information on what the "Wasteland doomsday preparation survival kit" will actually include. I've been eyeing the option, but I wish to know if this will be more than just the starter equipment that your characters get at the start of Wasteland I (Paying $500 for a hand mirror does exceed my consumer surplus a bit). Brain did an Update to the Update so now Focus on the Game Fair enough but if you've played Demon and Dark Souls why wouldn't you want the option to do the same? You want a hard CRPG like the rest of us right? What are Demon Souls and Dark Souls known as? The hardest RPG's of this gen! I'm sorry I haven't spoken up before but i'm really passionate on this issue. Demon and Dark Souls are HARDCORE games like the games of the past, if you haven't played them then yes I can understand why you would be weary on this issue but to have played them and say you don't want a return to the Old Skool style and gameplay and difficulty then i'm left wondering what are you expecting from Wasteland 2? This game is going to be difficult like Fallout 1&2 not some noob rubbish like Fallout 3, sorry to say it but it is true! I trust in Mr Fargo and even he says on twitter that the note system will be like Demon Souls so all of us that have played Demon Souls and Dark Souls know this will be an excellent addition to the game! The more money available, the more stuff can be done for the game. Brian has to throw ideas about can be done with that budget, he needs the feedback so he can do a game that deserves our support. So if they think that adding some kind of social component that won't turn the game into a Facebook game, could be cool, he has to tell us. You like it? Tell them. You hate it? Tell them. But no need of drama queens. @Alex <url>"I don't want demons souls in here!" Then don't have it! Turn off the option. WTB reading comprehension for some... "* Note this would be TOTALLY OPTIONAL should you want to share. We are fleshing out the ideas but intend to increase the social aspects of the game without diverting it from being an old school RPG and without hurting the balance. " -Update 6 I am sure this has been answered already so my apologies, does the 1.5M+ to date include Brian's "if need be" 100K kick in. It obviously is not needed anymore which is awesome just curious if he has stated, or plans or if the pledged to date includes this amount? I cannot wait for a return to the old school esepcially where actions have consequences. Not only does this make the game more enjoyable but also drastically increases the replay value. @Rolf W JR , said just like a publisher would. I don't want any social thing. I played Demon Soul, but I DON'T WANT Demon Soul and it's elements in old school Wasteland 2. @Rolf Yes, because he clearly stated it will be forced on you correct? *rolls eyes* It's an optional feature that would be cool to have and use with your friends if you CHOOSE to. Notice the word 'choose.' Just because you and a few others don't want this doesn't mean this is how everyone feels. You are not the only person to pledge here bud. There are a large number of people who would like a Dark Souls sort of feature and we have as much right to speak our mind as you do. The game isn't going to be built around you and a few others. It's why Brian has done polls and the like to see where the game should go. It's called an option. I had a feeling this kickstarter thing would grow gamers already massive egos and sense of entitlement. @Odd Ball How in the world is saying that we will retract funding as a result of social features "childish"? Kickstarter is not a charity, it's a pledge service. I don't think Fargo expects anyone to pledge money to Wasteland 2 if they are not interested in a social-based game experience. The whole project was initially billed as a single-player tactical CRPG - the kind of game that cannot get made anymore. Social games are all over the place now and no one would have any trouble finding one to play if that's their kind of game. "Or cocaine for the programmers. Seriously." It's an interesting share of seriousness you have there. Considering the uproar he's started I'm thinking Brian might want to reload to a previous pre-social save. :p I want not one dime spent on any social aspects to WL2. I would rather money were spent on an iOS version. Or free lollipops to local schoolchildren. Or cocaine for the programmers. Seriously. *'Preset Notes' even sorry! People stop with the negativity, the social bit is something you have to choose in game and won't be forced upon you, keep calm and stop being childish by saying you are going to retract your bid as really most of us bid before the $2 mil goal was added, however InXile will need to address what exactly the social aspect is going to be otherwise they are going to have a minority of the fans baying for their blood! PS - I hate MMOs with a passion but I am willing to give the socisl option a chance as it may have some merit, Seriously though has no one else played Demon Souls or Dark Souls? That is how the note system will work from what I gather. All inXile have to do is like From Software did with both Souls games and give 'Peset Notes' options from like 1-100 like for example: 'Boss Ahead' 'Treasure' etc. etc. Then it is up to the community to decide whether to use these notes to help other players or troll other players with. Like in the Souls games people would leave messages before a cave edge saying 'Treasure Ahead' so people would run or jump to their deaths and get trolled or before a boss they've leave helpful messages like 'Use Arrows' to defeat a winged boss or something. Seriously it adds so much more depth to a game and the community, no one forces you to read the notes or even follow their advice it is all on you. Demon and Dark Souls aren't known as the two of hardest games around today and cult classics for nothing. @ET3D - Brian didn't sell this originally as an "experiment with expanding the game experience." It was to be an OLD-SCHOOL cRPG bringing back the mechanics and flow of a single player game (Wasteland). Just say NO to Wasteland: Facebook edition! Hey guys, relax! I don't see where Brian said something about facebook or twitter and stuff like this. I think he mentioned Dark Souls as a game which included social/multiplayer aspect in a singleplayer game nicely. He only thinks if there are similar concepts that could work in wasteland. There is no doubt wasteland will be hardcore singleplayer old school RPG. So, don't panic. These guys are making this game for US and THEM, which is awesome! Nobody cares about appeasing the social-network crowd. Wow, what an allergic reaction to "social" most people here have. Lots of these people seem to not have even read what Brian wrote, just built an entire image in their head of the most evil things this might mean and went away with that. Me, I trust Brian. I think he will make a game that everyone wants. But I also think he wants to experiment with expanding the game experience, because that would make it more interesting for him to develop. I believe he will never do that in a way that will spoil the concept. With $2M he will be able to create the great single player experience he wanted and still have money to play with the concept a little. That said, as someone who will likely not play the game my opinion probably doesn't matter much. Still I'd urge people to read what Brian actually wrote, and stop going up in arms about imagined slights such as achievements and Facebook integration. Please no social elements. I vote for keeping it a hard core RPG experience. If you get more money, make it bigger, longer. The first part of a trilogy or make it moddable for the user community to create content. New video kicks rear! :) inXile is just exploring ideas. It seems they are not the only ones who would do good playing with ideas once in a while. How the frick did Farmville enter into this? Man .. To everyone saying "no social", please add your concerns to the forums (if you haven't already)...Pretty sure those are getting read by the staff a lot more than the comments here. No social features, please! That is a terrible-sounding idea for this project. I am fairly certain that the huge majority of the people who backed this did so because the pure, single-player CRPG experience has been neglected for a very long time now. "Social integration" is not a part of that experience and never has been. You could have a slew of character and story development for the resources it'd take to create, balance, and implement this social feature. Or you could have immensely more robust modding tools. Or.... you could drop notes and loot in your friend's game. Come on. Not wanting to be a downer on this but I'm not sure I want this to reach $2M now :( No Social integration, please! Instead, how about some tools for modding, maybe creating maps, etc. that could then be shared with the community-at-large? For social I have Steam community features, in-game overlay, friends list and voice chat. Nothing else is required. Priority one should be a kick ass RPG and a distant 2nd (and I mean a reeeeally distant 2nd prio" ought be "every else". Do not compromise on making wasteland 2 an awesome game. Eh, wtf at the last update? A more social game? I didnt pledge for that! Please keep your initial idear of a hardcore deep rpg experience. And dont listen to some of those guys who want to water down that idea again! @sleepcap. "For launch, we will have English, French, Italian, German, and Spanish. At higher funding goals, we will also include other languages! They will be announced on this Kickstarter page. " Stick to singleplayer please. Not everything needs to be coop and stuf. True singleplayer experience please. Make this a pure old school experience please. Also coop is as much multiplayer as pvp etc... semantics are important here! The social thing I don't see the point really, you can allways talk about eachothers experience, same as we did back in the day when we played 'Wasteland', 'Zork' and 'Day of the Tentacle'. Is there any information about translations given? I would really like to get a German version... No social type game please! Will the Mac OS X version be released the same time we are able to download the pc version? While I understand the decision to forgo Multiplayer and I agree with it, would it be possible for us to play coop at all? I'm totally fine with the host is the Player Character and makes all the decisions etc but it would be great if my buddy could control their own character as we went through the Wasteland together. This user's account has been deleted. No social and multiplayer, please. this isn't farmville. It's a spiritual Fallout 3; it's a sequal to Wasteland. Just which fans have been asking for multiplayer in their oldschool RPGs? Keep it out of Wasteland, please. WIll probably drop my pledge to the minimum if the social features go ahead. Put me down as a member of the "no social features please" camp. Or at least let me disable them. I want a single-player old school RPG, not some facebook game. My gut response is that I'm not keen on a mechanism where you can leave notes in the game for other players to find. Clearly, we do not know any details at this point, but my heart doesn't beat faster for that feature. With that said, if it can be disabled I would not especially care if it made it into the game. If they are going to be in the game I hope there could be a way to make them appear to be subtle gameplay elements, like the easter eggs and in-jokes in Fallout 1 and 2. That way they wouldn't feel out of place to players who weren't interested in utilizing them. Those are my initial thoughts. i agree with many of the comments... I never had the pleasure of playing wasteland, probably never will, so the closest I'm going to get is wasteland 2... So no Social... and no Multiplayer, Please... oops. I meant 100$ pledge. regardless. @A.A. - Regardless if it's optional or not, this game has a LIMITED budget and adding this takes away from the original core design! @mindx2 The core game was funded over $500K ago ($600K if you count BF's offer to kick in $100K). The social aspect isn't even on the table until $2M. @mindx2 : yes, options do cost money, manpower and focus! No "social" farmvillefacebook shit here. PLEASE! We applied for oldschool SINGLEplayer experience, nothing else. Guys it's optional, you can choose wether you want to use it or not ;) I am looking forward to the point this game hits the shelves! I allways felt like Fallout 3 wasn't a fallout game allthough it's a great game it did make me wish for a real sequel, and as of now wasteland 2 will be the thing that comes as close as possible. I wish the team all the best and hopefully you'll have a lot of fun developing this game and deliver us the game we backers are looking forward to! @Gene Cronk - The whole point for NOT wanting this social "thing" is that ANY time and resources put towards it dilutes the core game. That worries me a lot. I don't think there's any need for "social aspects" in W2. Subtle multiplayer elements like in Dark Souls or Journey might work in those kind of games, but in an old school RPG... maybe not worth the effort. Congrats on 1,5 million, can't wait for the game! You are the kind of player that i DON'T want to influence the direction of this game!! No consoles, no "social" crap just me and my OFF-LINE, SINGLE-PLAYER, PARTY & TURN BASED COMPUTER RPG, please! +1 If Wasteland 2 is to have social aspects I request the option to turn of these features and not having my game experience compromised for doing so. I'd love mod tools. No problems with social as long as I have the option to turn it off. no social shit please, I'll retract my 250$ pledge @Chris - You're right. You are the kind of player that i DON'T want to influence the direction of this game!! No consoles, no "social" crap just me and my OFF-LINE, SINGLE-PLAYER, PARTY & TURN BASED COMPUTER RPG, please! Ack, no social, pls. The game's not going to be an MMO, so it doesn't need to be social. I sure as hell don't want my game to be tied into Facebook or Twitter or anything like that. Super supportive of the single player RPG with social aspects and really excited for the game. I know I am opening myself up to mass hatreds from the internets, but I am hoping to eventually see the game on console too. I love my Xbox 360, PS3, and would love to play this on an HD-TV in 5.1. Keep up the good work! Yes, I agree...social? Sure, fine, cool - MMO oh lord please no... Read Update #6. Let me join in my voice with many on this subject: please, please *no social stuff*! This is meant to be an old-school game. Keep it old-school. There are enough MMOs out there, for Heaven's sake, for those in a search for a social gaming experience to be able to indulge themselves with ease. If I want to share my Wasteland 2 gaming experience with my friends, I'll call them up and rant to them about this cool quest I completed just now. Or Skype them. Or Tweet about it. Or post a Facebook update. There are plenty of well-developed social networking tools out there as it is. Please, make more quests, more stories, more NPCs. Interweave those quests, those stories and those NPCs. Hire more artists, bring in talented musicians, make cool cut-scenes. But please, *please* stay off the whole social bandwagon. With the crap that came out of the ME3 multiplayer aspects, please, please god, don't add multiplayer. This user's account has been deleted. Awsome. My 2 cents: -Don't rush it. It's good you get it done quickly, but don't rush it. -With more money, please concentrate on deeper world, and more complex outcomes. You don't always need physically huge world, if you just have lots of *interesting* things going on. Don't stray on sidequests too much. -You may consider collaborative content creation. Idea mills/ CGI worshops etc. It's possible to get a lot of stuff if you coordinate with fans in a fun and efficient way. Unless - of course - you already have the best possible people for the job. If so, carry on! :D Urk, knee-jerk response to the whole social thing is god please no. Perhaps it works in a more arcady game but not in my brainy rpg with moralz! Right on Fargo! Stick to your guns, I fully support this game being a deep single payer experience! Multiplayer ruins many good story driven RPGs these days. I'm glad you are staying the course and not giving in to outside influences which is the whole point of this experiment! Make the game you want to make just like you did before, that's what our support is for! Looking forward to Wasteland 2! Yaa, Fargoman, what way will the DRM-free digital version be given? And have you considered of making a Steam alternative where you could just download the DRM-free installer to your computer? :) Gog.com has done it pretty well but they're only doing it with older games. :< @mindx2, I don't like it neither. Mr. Fargo - just DON'T add any social crap. I wan't to be a old school experience - only me and my OFFline cRPG game. lets get back to topic: what about the Pen & Paper version :) Update #6 is up and... well... I REALLY don't like this "social" aspect he's talking about. Wasteland: The Facebook game anyone? I know I'm overstating that but still... Didn't he make fun of this in his original pitch video?! "Kickstarter yeah, love the name, Kick the little children down...." Laughed so hard I upped my pledge. @Amanda & @Jayce - Yeah, Steam, but I'd like SteamPlay for the new Mac version so I could have cloud support and the option to play on either the Mac or Windows depending on which computer I'm on without losing my saves and things. It would be awesome. @Scott Floyd I'm glad to see that, Fargo remember times when Windows wasn't really popular :) Thank you SXX , I'm so used to "PC" being synonymous with Windows when it comes to gaming lol @Daniel Mackey You need vote or post your requirement on forum: <url>"yes" I would love to have MOD tools for sure. Would be neat to be able to create cutom addons for W2 For this project its Windows, Mac and Linux @Scott Floyd PC = Personal Computer Not Windows If you do the 15 dollar donation, do you have to option to download the game reward for mac instead of pc? awesome, we have hit the 30,000 backers mark!!! awesome Modding tools can easily be added after the release, same as a P&P RPG, take the profits and reinvest in your IP to generate even more contents (from there it would be perfectly fine to release an ios version, android, expansions, etc...) 30,000 backers! we are nearing 30,000 backers!!! I think modding support should come, but maybe later, but I did vote for mdding tools, as it will help to make the game better in the long run This user's account has been deleted. I would honestly rather they just put the additional money over 1.5 mil into making the game better than trying to make all this other stuff (P&P RPG, modding tools, etc.). I just really want this game to be good. I feel like it's important that this game is successful not only because I want to play it, but also for the whole kickstarter movement. If Double Fine's Adventure and Wasteland 2 both are either never released or turn out to suck, then the Kickstarter movement could die right here. I wonder when the video that was promised is going to be released? I thought it was this Friday? unless its later on? although I am living in the UK, so that make a difference, still I hope the video will be worth waiting for and drive up momentum Mac version! And modding tools would be lovely. Pencil and Paper RPG would ROCK for this as the next goal!!! Especially if it's included for free to all Backers! (Even the cheap ass $15 backers like myself!). Throw it in electronic format and it's not even that much of an extra cost! Dead-Tree Format for those that pledged more! What say you guys? I visited Feeble's Fable, and pledged, because they seem awesome, have signed on to Kicking It Forward,and the game looks adorable! Go check them out! Feebles Fable have pledged to Brian's Kicking it forwards idea - <url>"Can I get my digital copy on Steam, if I want? Absolutely. The digital copies will be made available through Steam and other DRM free digital distribution methods." @Joe I think they stated somewhere or another that Steam would be an option for DD, but don't quote me on that. All right! 1.5M barrier broken! Hello, Mac & Linux versions! Important question, will it be released Steamplay for Steam so I can play wherever with cloud support? Please? This one looks like a potential good remastering of old casual game: <url>"unique and quirky" in-game skill that won't affect game balance. yes there should be a new video soon, hopefully today Close to 30k backers! 373 more to go! Rah rah! The announcement for a $2m milestone is coming most likely today, no need for folks to get so up in arms about it. Also the forum discussion was mentioned here somewhere on the site and linked to by Fargo, that's the only reason I knew about it. Very cool to see the 1.5mil mark reached. Can't wait to keep watching where this goes. $2.5 million - SPECIAL COLLECTOR'S EDITION ships with BRIAN FARGO, ALAN PAVLISH, MIKE STACKPOLE and other key development team members AUTOGRAPHED BY AN ACTUAL TURTLE!* * Added $10,000 for shipping outside the US. Dear Mac users! It was wery nice to work with you side by side to achieve a common goal at 1,5m$. Great job! Now I hope that all three versions will be developed and tested simultaneusely because it is really sad to wait for a version for your system in the same time others are heatedly sharing impressions, writing walkthroughs etc... Jay for Linux support $1.5 mil finally! we are going at the rate of 30k per day. I am sure we can go over $2mil by the end :) Congrats on 1.5M! Just means we get more of what we have been starving for :) Looking forward to Brian's video today and what the next milestones will bring. And the novellas is hard printed ? Not digital? Would have been nice to get the concept art book printed as well.. @Sajber: i would say : Yes. The 115$ replaces the standard box with the collectors one but you also receive a digital copy. compare with the 50$ pledge. A bigger game has just been unlocked, gratz everyone on reaching 1.5! :D Just a small question, when i pledge $115 i get ONE digital copy AND one hard copy (in the collectors box) right? Log in today and see that the fund has broken into 1.5M mark ... wonderful. And a pair of red boots maybe. Andrew, how about an ACTUAL TURTLE AUTOGRAPHED BY BRIAN FARGO, ALAN PAVLISH, MIKE STACKPOLE and other key development team members! 1.75 million - turtles! 2 million - more turtles! 2.25 million - the collector's edition ships with an actual turtle! 2.5 million - uh, I got nothin'. @Anton: It looks like a great game. The art is amazing. I mean, seriously, that type of animation makes a whole different world. I pledged $25 so I get the Concept art book and soundtrack as well :) Wow. I remember games like Wizardry and Bard's Tale being tough as a kid. Just played Wasteland 1 for 4 hours tonight. (Still have my Apple //c copy!) And...it's really hard! Starting over with better character creation. I made some serious goofs. Oh, right, Wasteland 2. Congrats, guys, on the $1.5M mark! May you receive many points to "Combat Shooting." Since Kickitforward i would like to show this one to all of those who still got some cash left, (i have allready pledged), i think it looks promising too: <url>"Sky is the limit" doesn't tell me shit. Wake up people. Poll on the forums is one thing, but they need to put specific milestones HERE on the kickstarter page, for instance 1.75 - additional physics effects / more combat animation etc. Not everyone knows about / visits forums, and people like me tend to actually be motivated to give more money when we KNOW what the hell the money go to. So enough with this "sky is the limit" bs, put up milestones like you did before inXile and you will see pledging skyrocket. Isn't the whole point here to get as much cash as possible for the project? This is basics, I'm amazed I have to actually argue about this. well,we have still more then 25 days,next goal imo,is 2-2.5 million :D Well lets see: 900k goal check 1M goal check 1.25M goal check 1.5M goal check Well hmmm what goal are we aiming now... for the sky :))) @Scott M. Bruner It is "Combat Shooting" - but it seems to have no effect. Probably should have hat some use when the games developed, but never made it into the gameplay: <url>"good". Bards Tale for iOS will soon get an Update . And if you don't know bards tale 1+2 is in it. just downloaded the kicking it forward image (and plegde), sent it to our admin to add to our page!!! Hopefully its on there by tomorrow morning. <url>"Sky is the limit" doesn't work my for my wallet. So - playing Wasteland 1. Can someone please tell me what skill "Combat Sho" (can't see the rest) is? It's not in the manual. kthxbai Linux is now officially a go, so my pledge just went up 333 1/3 percent. I was a sophomore in highschool when I first experienced Wasteland. The game would go on to influence my writing and my abilities as a game master for RPG's. Seeing this come full circle so many years later with a sequel is an event that will continue to shape how games are developed, produced & distributed. Wasteland 2! @Ben: Thanks for looking into that. I actually just upped my pledge to $50 for the boxed copy. What can I say, I want that map! Nicely done on the Kick it Forward page, Mr. Fargo. I really hope and believe that it will catch on. The name still feels awkward to me, though... too late to change it to something simpler like "Kickbacks"? @Mathew Barker An exploded blood sausage. What more to say? What is the "Blood Sausage" in reference to? Alright, we made it to 1.5 million! Now onto 2 million! Okay, let me just look at the pledged total... What the hell, it's only at like 1.5 million? Dang it, I KNEW this game would fail. Alright people, the party is over. Wasteland 2 has officially failed us all. Curse you Brian Fargo, curse you! @Paul Chaplin Yeah sorry if I was not clear, it is not ambigous when read in context with the question I sent. I only asked about the boxed copy of the game, so don't read into that reply anything about downloads. If you really want to know specifcs about the download copy you should message inXile. They were great in getting back to me quickly. just got a reply and it looks like the release date will be the same for all platforms!!! Im super-excited now! 1.5m mark and 25 days left. Oh man, this game should be awesome. Just dont do a Mass Effect 3 ending -_- I'm also happy about the Mac support! I'm also a multi-platform user (Windows, Mac and Linux) so I'm happy to have my choice of what to play on! @Ben Henson: Interesting, thanks for that. It still seems ambiguous to me ("choose your format" could mean "pick a download; any or all", and the survey part could just be referring to shipping and sizes), but I'm personally quite happy only having it on one platform, if that's how they prefer to do it – especially if it means I get the Linux version on the actual game disc in the box (not something I'd expected; I imagined Windows in the box, and Linux/Mac as downloads). Still hoping for a Humble Bundle-like "if you move platforms, so does your game" approach for the digital options, though. :) And LOL @ "hipster" Ryan Voots. :D Glad to have some more of the Mac/Linux folks on board, as a multi-platform user myself. If any of you are ever involved in other Kickstarters with thresholds though -- you can retract a pledge if the threshold you were hoping for doesn't get reached, and pledging earlier increases the chances of reaching the things you want! So there is no drawback and potentially significant benefit to pledging earlier. No disrespect to anyone's choice of how to donate their money! It just would be sad to miss a threshold because people are waiting to pledge until they see if that threshold is met. NOW SKY IS THE LIMIT . Hope we reach 2 mill mark. I upped my pledge from $15 to $50. Wasteland remains one of my favorite games of all time. If only I had $1000 to drop! Faran Brygo and Stemes Javen might have inhabited the same game world. 1.5 Million! Nice sum to get up to on the last day of the week! :) I backed BEFORE linux support was a shoo-in 〈/hipster〉 Now that it is, It definitely makes me much happier. Now I'll be able to play it on my platform of choice. Linux user here (Debian and Ubuntu). I've been keeping tabs on this project, waiting for the $1.5m target to be reached. Now that it has, I've now thrown in my support. I'm sure that many Mac and Linux users will follow suit. Expect that total to keep on climbing! @Andrew Walton & Paul Chaplin I sent a message to inXile to ask about this very issue and here is the reply I recieved. Note that I only enquired after the boxed copy of the game. "Hi Ben, Thanks for your support! You will get to choose your format after the game reaches $1.5 million (and we are close!) We will send out a survey when the game is almost ready to get the information. Thanks!" Mac support! i hope we double 1½ mil $ at the end...one can hope, right? ;) YAY, Mac support! Welcome to $1.5m!!! @Paul That makes sense. I figured they would do that, just curious. Congratulations on 1.5 million. Now we just have to hope the Mayans weren't as good at prognostication as some would have you believe. Keep it going guys! I go sleep :) @Paul Chaplin I sure there will be some extra news/announces so we'll get some people who want to have guarantee of platform support. Might be not 10000, but plenty. @SXX: You have no idea how much I have to restrain myself every time someone equates "PC" with "Windows PC". ;) Mac is even on IBM-PC architecture now, although it's been a Personal Computer since its inception, so I love it whenever someone doesn't conflate the OS with the platform. I bet we'll see a small flurry of existing Linux and Mac supporters upping their pledges (I did a while back, when I was sufficiently sure we'd hit 1.5), and hopefully new supporters from both camps, now that the support is guaranteed. Woot linux support! Been a PC guy ever since I had to move on from my C= 64 but 1.5 million?! Awesome! I may even have a shot at running this thing on my OpenIndiana rig! now Apple is supported I'm upping my pledge to the collectors edition @tbrass That could be not possible by lot of reasons. Being OSS mean they need to create their own 3D engine and tools, because right now there is no OSS 3D RPG engines. PC !== Windows. I glad to see some developers can call things by proper names. Thrilled with the Linux support. Now at what funding level could we get them to go OSS? @Andrew Walton: As I understand it (and as Double Fine did it), Linux and Mac are simply added to the existing packages. Hopefully, we'll also be able to get our copy on each platform, so we can play on e.g. our home and work PCs running different OSes (like Humble Bundles do). :) @Andrew Walton What do you mean? Fantastic job people! I can't wait to get my grubby little sausage fingers on this! So do you need to make a new tier for Mac / Linux? Or will you just gather that info later? Sweet- $1.5MM! Doubled my pledge as promised... I've now backed, due to the Linux addition. Bring it to Android, and I'll increase my pledge tenfold. Sweet deal. Both Linux and Mac support is now a guarantee. What else lies further beyond the horizon? Whoo! Linux! and it isn't even about the $1.5mil !!! the update has arrived... Yay, $1.5M! Yay, Linux! :D (And Mac!) Now onwards to $2M and beyond. ;) @John Alvarado: Good point that we'd already passed it. It seems more real now we've passed the mark on Kickstarter, though. :D @ David Ngo ,just as well I have a boxed copy of Wizardry VII and the DVD thing for Wizardry 8! I am still amazed how well Wizardry 8 works on Windows 7, really wish they will bring Sir-Tech back from the dead…oh well, Kick-starter gives me hope! I still have my Wizardry 8 discs and box, and they still work - they are my precious. :-) One of the few games on disc that I have kept. Strange thing,when this kicked over the top,that Adele song was playing,and it seemed really appropriate. I m might actually like chick music it seems.hahahaha I would love an Archanum 2... There we are... wonderfull... what is next? :-) Dead State is another traditional CRPG I'm really looking forward to. I would definitely donate if it there was a Kickstarter for it. As for Wizardry, I wouldn't expect any new Wizardry game outside of Japan anytime soon. Even the old Wizardry games have yet to be rereleased or reissued here, hence the current outrageous prices of Wizardry 8. Fantastic. Right at 1.5 million! Amazing, well done everyone =) Guys, Brian just tweeted we need to wait and see what happens if we hit 2M!!!!!!!!! KEEP DONATING PLEASE!!!!!!!! Congratz on 1.5 mil 1.5 mill with 25 days to go Brian will be pleased all aims met with load of time left yay! gratz inXile. now i can play too! Finally! $1.5mILLION dollars! Wow, I make post about some other, future kickstarter project and little bit lose 1,5 :( Might be somebody else interesting to add some opinion about game or cross platform version: <url>"Kickstarter had no problem with us offering a payment solution for people who cannot use Amazon." I just added $50 to my pledge. Go GNU/Linux, go $1.5 million. ( I know that Brian Fargo already said that the GNU/Linux support is a go, before reaching the $1.5 million, still I felt it would be nice to add those $50.) $410 left to go to the $1.5mil mark waaaaa hoooooo Sweet! Almost at 1.5mil!!!!! Will the $15 cover the OSX download as well then? i wonder how kickstarter will feel about inXile taking paypal donations. i would have thought they wouldn't be happy that they are losing their 5%... unless some deal has already been reached. I would LOVE a Commodore version. I still play with my C64/!28 just about every day. WEB : <url>"I ment Wastland two" = "I meant Wasteland two" :P I ment Wasteland It's my Kebordes fault I ment Wastland two thanks for correcting my careless typing. ...and if we reach $3mil they will make a dedicated version for anyone still rocking a Commodore 64 *jk ;P 1.120 bucks for 1.5 mill milestone @Mathew Wasteland was 5 years before Syndicate. I would like to see wasteland with an old school "Syndicate" topdown look but with a little more expansive world and current graphics. I don't really mind either way if its turn based or not. Linux and Mac users must be happy ,now the next goal is $.1.75 mil! Anyone know who owns the Wizardry IPs,the Sir-Tech ones, Wizardry 6 -8 are my all time favourite games (Been playing them recently again) will back the hell out of a campaign for the Wizardry games! PS –The Japanese versions doesn’t interest me in the slightest and I really don’t like the anime style for the characters they have. @John Alvarado Can you put paypal counter here? :D Wow... just $2k to 1,500,000 here! I think it the funding by the end of this will be either afew thousand above or below three million. Congrats mac & linux users! :3 Counting the $3,415 through PayPal it's already over 1.5 Million! We should start a guessing contest. I'll put my 1988 plush Opus doll that it ends up at $2,647,233. Just $4408 to go for Mac & Linux. :) +1 for the Demon Souls MP mechanic @David Ngo I sure there will be as minimum 60k backers to the end. Because lot of people could make $15-75 pre orders. RubenKraken: "Est Total: $2,337,735" I think this will actually end up being around $3 million. You have to consider the fact that amount of pledges increase near the end of the Kickstarter. Just look at this graph of the average trend: <url>"Some new fan art from Rick: " Very nice, regretting that I didn´t buy Wasteland when it was still sold, a game in my taste from what I´ve seen so far. Still playing Fallout 1 and talk about money well spent, awesome game and if Wasteland 2 is anything like that it will be one hell of a game=) Brian - Ever since I played Wasteland when it was first released I have used the online nickname "Angela Deth". I am very excited to see you developing Wasteland 2 and am very happy to be able to do some small part to help make it happen. Thanks for the original and for not giving up on the sequel! Keep up the awesome work! I hope to see Angela Deth in Wasteland 2 =P Gwen Beale I recently realized to my surprise that Jason Anderson was in fact the creative director of Vampire: The Masquerade: Bloodlines--my all-time favorite RPG. I have always felt guilty that my $20 from the steam purchase of VTM: Bloodlines went directly to Bobby Kotick's disgusting Disney-villain-esque money factory, and while backing this project won't get my $20 into the hands of all those beautiful bastards at Troika, I can at least up my pledge by $20 to give it to at least one of those beautiful bastards. Here's to you, Troika--a company I can only ever dream of working for. according to that backer graph it is pretty much linear with ~$50k pledges per day. @David Yes, that site is great. Unfortunately it does not track trending however. Averages, projections, etc.. Some new fan art from Rick: <url>#p13344 @RubenKraken, someone (I'm sorry but I don't remember who) made this wicked page that is tracking and graphing the WL2 pledge drive on an hourly basis. <url>‏ BTW we are close enough to $1.5 that we will commit to creating the Mac and Linux versions! Keep that support coming! This could be interesting, heard a lot about Demon Souls MP mechanic "Will the game contain any form of multiplayer? We are looking into how to make the game more social as we speak. I'm just not sure such a narrative game is going to lend itself to a strong multi-player but we have not ruled it out. One thing I do find interesting is the way Demon Souls handled things like leaving notes for others in game. There are some very interesting ideas along those lines that would be more powerful if controlled to your social group rather than strangers. Perhaps your buddy can drop things into the world for you to aid you along with the notes. Again just ideas but we are exploring that." <url>"Softwares pagam 60% (sessenta por cento) sobre o meio físico, somente se o valor do meio físico vier discriminado separadamente na Nota Fiscal" quer dizer é que somente são taxados os softwares que vêm "dentro" de 1 CD/DVD. Downloads digitais, por lei, não pagam imposto. É por isso que vc ñ é taxado quando compra no itunes, Steam etc Por isso, mesmo que a inXile declarasse o valor do DVD como 1 dolar, a Receita ainda cobraria sobre os $115, porque esse foi o valor total declarado e o softer veio c/ DVD. É, pois é. Fazer o quê, não? Vc deve manter o ICMS em conta pq, se for pego, também incide ICMS, mas sempre há a possibilidade de não ser pego. Eu, por exemplo, nunca fui, e já comprei coisa acima de U$50, muito embora eu sempre tente manter abaixo dos 50. A Receita tem poucos agentes p/ muitos pacotes, então é sorte mesmo, eles pegam pacotes por amostragem. Já soube de armas de paint ball que passaram pela Receita, e elas nem podem ser importadas! Eu estou muito a fim de pagar pela caixa física, mas deixar outras 50 doletas p/ o governo...é dose, viu. Bernardo, vai ter cálculo do ICMS sim (em vários estados tem, inclusive SC). No final das contas, pode considerar 100% do valor do produto + frete. É um esquema meio pay and pray, na verdade... never knew Brazilian taxes were so complicate, and here I thought mine were a mess having to file in two countries. The more you know! Sorry guys, I hope you will excuse me to go over this taxation thing in portuguese. It's really only important for those living in Brazil. @Aesgard Pois é, eu até lembrei do ICMS, só não coloquei na conta porque eu não sei se a Receita Federal faria a gente pagar o ICMS também. Estava pensando que talvez desse para "passar em branco", mas não sei, nunca comprei nada no exterior que fosse tributável. Eu estava olhando o site da Receita e eles falam o seguinte: "Softwares pagam 60% (sessenta por cento) sobre o meio físico, somente se o valor do meio físico vier discriminado separadamente na Nota Fiscal" Acho que se de alguma forma eles discriminarem o valor do disco do DVD, colocando US$1,00, por exemplo, daria para escapar do imposto de importação, pelo menos. Acho que seria uma opção, mas não sei se o pessoal do inXile / Kickstarter fariam isso... yes that is true, but I was referring just to the KS level, not all the others, but even so, the total amount including them as well, is very impressive indeed @Matthew Farmery Technically there is already more that 1.5 mill because of PayPal donations ($2k+) and NMA ($1k+)/RPG codex ($9k+). Fargo have 666 tweets right now! :) <url>~ BRL 391,11 This is what kept me from getting DFP boxed version. And this is exactly what's keeping over the fence about the $50 pledge. If inXile declares pledge+shipping at customs form and do not mark it as gift we're ****ed I could happily give Mr Fargo 100 bucks but no way I'm intending to feed our lovely government and its scorching taxes /rant Money will do :) ha just one think that is good about capitalism. Considering the recent lawsuit over Fallout Online, I don't exactly see a lot of cooperation going on between Interplay and Bethesda. Interplay owns the old games, and Bethesda owns the Fallout brand, so it's just not going to happen. @Matthias That. would. be. AWESOME! Or Even better they let it inXile do! @Matthias that wouldn't be a bad idea, but I don't see it happening, they seem more driven to the 3D versions now. they were great games, and I still play 2 from time to time Maybe Bethesda do an enhanced Version of Fallout 1+2 like Atari do with Baldurs Gate? 28,900 backers! only another ~217 left to hit $1,500,000 yes, Im not a coder, so no idea on what it takes to code for the different platforms, I'm more of a bug hunter then anything else, didn't wish to offend any of the mac or unix users, but at least we are now going to see mac and unix builds of the game. That is the main thing @Matthew Farmery -- Actually, it should be written for all three at the same time. If it is written with portability in mind, it is far, far, far easier to port it. In fact, for many applications, it is as simple as recompiling it. If they make it for the 'PC first', they have to go back in and fix the code where it assumed a PC. 9449 (RPG Codex) +2805 (payPal) + 1220 (NMA) +1,487,911 (KS) = 1,501,385 I think with the right motivation this could easy get to 2mill easy, I hope so, You're correct. but we also get Mac and Linux versions at 1.5 mil. More money means more polishing, content and featurs. That's how I've understood how this deal works out. yeah I thought it might be, but anyway, PC system first, then mac and unix, that is how I want to see it @Matthew Farmery It was just a joke. I'll play on the good old PC. I also think a console version is very unlikely and even if they made one, I don't think the game would play nicely. But as far as I'm concerned, if they make a good game they can port it to whatever plataform they like. @Travis Fahs Thanks for that On to 2 million so we can get those red, green and blue colored endings. ;) :p @Bernardo no console version, and has been stated that a console version is very unlikely as for what is next, maybe 1.75 an even bigger game world ? @Roman Grazhdan Don't forget Vodka Didn't even notice NMA's thing. I love that site and was surprised they didn't have their own when I checked a week or two ago. Great to see. Some interesting theories about Russians and post-ap games here. I think we just love weird stuff - Opera, FreeBSD, Azis, and now this. Great! We have Mac and Linux! So what's next? Maybe PS3, XBOX, Vita, Nintendo DS and Wii (with motion control, of course)? (Bernardo running for cover, in a nuclear bunker) there is a website called No Mutants Allowed they also raised $1000 to get a bar of the same name in the game, and Brian Fargo said he was fine with it, they reached their go there <url>"BTW we are close enough to $1.5 that we will commit to creating the Mac and Linux versions! Keep that support coming!" VIA @BrianFargo Brian just announced we are close enough to $1.5 mil that they commit to Linux and Mac versions. Oops, they changed it. Capped at 10K. Still, they're going to donate whatever they end up with, 10K or no. Thats great to know. Back to celebratory YAYs!!! The plan is to pledge whatever they raise by the end of the Kickstarter. The original goal was 5K, but they blew that out of the water in a few days and so bumped in up to 10K. The rig codex will only pledge once they have 10,000. They're still 500 dollars from that. @jeff !!!!! Thanks! And YAY a mac version!!! Oh, of course they won't. Doesn't mean we aren't there. <url>"wouldn't worry much" as "wouldn't worry much about getting the necessary support to make a linux version possible" but it was interpreted as "wouldn't worry much about doing a linux version, since there is little interest". Ah, divided by a common language ;) This is for the non-USA backers like myself. I think we all should keep in mind the taxes that apply to imported goods. Of course, I don't know how it work in every country, but here in Brazil, for example, we have to pay a 60% import tax on any posted item that has a value equal or over US$50 (with the shipping included). So, for a US$100 pledge I'll have to pay US$184 (US$100 for the pledge, US$15 for the international shipping and US$69 for taxes). So, all that just goes as a warning to all the international backers. Try to know what taxes you'll have to pay! Nicholas Russell, I infered from your post was that you were suggesting that the Linux version be abandoned (i.e not to worry about doing it) . Was that not what you intended to convey? @simon What are you talking about? Brian Fargo stated himself he'd develop a linux-specific version if it hit 1.5 mil. I'm just saying that even if we only have the last minute surge as the only additional funding this game gets beyond the current backing we'll have more than enough made to reach that goal. I have no idea how you thought I meant something else. And why is it I get attacked when I try to say something more positive about this project? Jees, talk about damned if you do, damned if you don't. Fine then, Wasteland will be aweful and must include a console port. Mwah ha ha ha. Happy? And then you have the fact that turn based strategy games are pretty popular in Russia... Sorry for typos. I'm not illiterate... I just can't type! @dizman99 I think Russian interest in this title is two-fold. First you have the cold-war era threat of nuclear annhilation. Though everyone in the world was at risk, the dictarship, lack of personal freedoms, and the government-run media made the Russian people more vulnerable and hopeless than many. Then of course you have Chernobyl disaster which has had worse long-term effects than both bombs dropped on Japan. DerRidda I sent it in to OMGubuntu as well, but they don't seem to want to carry it. Maybe if Mr Fargo was to contact them directly it would help. This user's account has been deleted. adding T shirts in DFA was pretty late in the funding period, adding them too soon might not have had the same effect? but there is plenty of time left, so plenty of time to add a few more goodies to the tiers, especially near the end when it might go into overdrive. I think a video as an update may help, right now its a bit slow, but a video update and maybe something to look forward to if we get to say 1.75 mil may help to improve things This user's account has been deleted. I think it's reasonable to think it'll hit 1.5M by today or very early tomorrow morning. It has sped up a bit, although slowed down this morning. Spiked early today. I'll be very curious to see what happens on the final two days. I would also like to point out that some of the bigger Linux news sites haven't mentioned this Kickstarter yet. If there are any OMG! Ubuntu! readers here please send them infos about this Kickstarter, I already did but they haven't posted any news about it so far. If they notice more than 1 reader cares they might do it. It would also be nice if the same could be done for Ubuntuvibes, they usually have a lot of gaming news. This Sunday's Linux action show is specifically a gaming episode and they will probably mention it. Mac users I don't know about your sources but do your part as well. Nicholas, I donated due to the Linux support along with a lot of others. There is no real reason games should not be able to be multi-platform. All that is required is an openGL engine like Unigine. If the Linux support was pulled now it would be a lousy move. I suggest that you consider being less self orientated on the matter and think of the others who have donated with different requirements. WOOO! I want a t-shirt added to $100 dollar one! Crap, I just realized I can't actually play the game until 18 months from now... I've lurking on Nuclear Holocaust clips on Youtube the whole day feeling like something was missing in my life. If I feel like this about Wasteland 2 tomorrow I'm going to have to freeze myself so I can play it in the future! Thanks to Cartman for the idea. Or maybe they could be considered investments, as I don't know how those deals went down. You also need to consider, that there may be some bigger donators, who may give the money directly to inXile. Double Fine got two seperate donations of 50 000 dollars to their project. I wouldn't worry too much about a linux version. Especially if they do what df did and add a t-shirt to the hundred dollar donation literally a few days before the end of their campaign we'll see a huge influx of new backing that is well over 1.5 mil. They shouldn't have to lurk, they can withdrawl their money anytime before April 17 without being locked in. I will bump mine up to 500 but after my vacation is done and I have tallied up the damage my GF has done to my account. Still have to make rent and all that. Im going to bet on a 200k surge once 1.5 is met. Lots of linux/mac users lurking imo @Craig Sloat I want to give more, but $1000 is already big money for game, even for LInux game >_< I am really hoping they are able to make a tablet version. Because I truly need more ways to goof off at work. That would help a lot. Looks like people say they want a MAC/Linux version but how come we haven't hit 1.5 mil yet? @Vindicator Yah man, glad to meet another classic James Bond fan. From Russia with love indeed! @Dizzman99 You know that is an interesting point you bring up. One reason could be that those countries don't have as big a gaming presence as in the U.S, Japan, and the U.K. I mean I know Germany is the board game capital of the world but beyond that style it may not be as big in gaming as their other counterparts. This would of course play into the profit thing, since the extra costs for localization, international shipping, and advertising typically mean they'll only bother with countries that are garunteed to give the biggest profit. Yet another reason to hate publishers, I know, but it is a possible reason none the less. It could also deal with the laws of censorship in those countries. I know a few M-rated games such as Grand Theft Auto 4 and Postal that never saw a release, beyond obviously piracy, in some coutries because the censors didn't like their depictions of violence. Then again it could also have something to do with the development presence in a country and its demographics. It's why some titles like Mother 3 which have a huge demand in the U.S. never see a legal light of day outside of their home country. They're designed so heavily with their home countries' culture in mind that a publisher may feel the disconnect between what's featured in the game vs the values of the foreign country its being shipped to may hurt profits too much to be bothered with even attenpting to sell to. Of course it could be any combination of these factors, including none of them. One of these days I'll have to do a book about the subject as it probably is way more complex than anything I can come up with here. Hello all! Just threw in. But I already think I will boost my pledge this game sounds awesome. @Alain: then you can't fondle the miniature and the faction badge, which are only included with the collector's edition. @Alain, according to the $100 description: COLLECTOR'S EDITION PREMIUM BOXED VERSION which of course contains map and instruction book. But additionally comes with Wasteland miniature, Wasteland 2 faction badge. This implies that those are *IN* the CE box, does it not? @, -- usually you are allowed to do that with a single account -- just pledge $350, select the $250 reward, and send them a message from a single account what you are trying to do. Well, the normal boxed copy must also come with the instruction book and map, so it shouldn't be a problem leaving the CE untouched... we're almost there guys XD The rate seems to have accelerated, if it keeps this pace we can make the 1.5 million by ~9PM CT. I solved that problem by signing up for the $250 tier once and then creating a new account and signing up for the $100 tier. @ozymandias: That would actually make more sense. @Igor Feel free to improve if you have a couple of minutes. @Mathias, I wish it was 2 CEs, one signed, one not. I don't want to open the signed one -- but I do want access to the contents ;-) Well if we have the same funding as yesterday we will make it to $1.5 million before BF new movie :) Will we make it to the $1.5 million mark today I wonder? $Only 19,000 to go... :-) @Roman Grazhdan very ugly translation @Valery there's a send message link above under the project title. You are more likely to get an accurate answer to your question from the developers by contacting them that way. :-) I think that at the end I could add + for Linux and + for russian subs I just have a small question to the developers (or anyone, who knows) about something that seeems to be overlooked: in what format digital soundtrack (for 30$ and above) will be available? Just mp3? Or will be a choice? It would be really nice to have flac and vorbis for the OST. Glad I upped my pledge to $250 days ago... xD @matthias thanks :) so all in all 4 copies of the game, Decided to stop mentioning that I will back this project and actually go ahead and do it. Love the idea and updates from what I've seen over the last few days here. For the 250$ Tier: With the $250 reward, you get the autographed CE, a regular boxed copy and 2 digital copies along with teh novellas and other goodies. You just wont receive 2 collectors editions. Hope that makes sense. @luis .... ahem... quit being a smarty pants. They said at 1.5 they would add linux and mac. Thats only ~21,754 dollars from coming true. @Lucus I think it was $1.5 on kickstarter which would mean they already incorporated kickstarter/amazon costs Technically speaking if they need 1.5 millions raw that means that they need to fund 1.666 million dolars so were still like 200k away from mac/linux. (Because of the 10% cut from kick, amazon, credit card) after hoping the 250$ comes with another boxed copy (the 150$ one does) my pledge goes from 30 to 250... why do I feel like giving you all my money? :) Heres to multi platform support upon release!!! awesome news on getting this high, (PS no word yet on the $250 tier) will update when I get a reply @Amanda you're right, I remembered it wrong. :) Looks like we will pass 1.5M anyway atm. And as you say, a little backup money is good if something takes longer then expected. :) @Christian he said he would donate 100.000 of his own money to take it up to a million if the funds didn't quite reach that - he did not say he would continue to use his own cash if the funding went way past that. Honestly it's probably better for him to hang onto that money so that he has additional funds available in case the games development goes over planned budget/time for any unforseen reason. So, since Fargo will donate $100,000 of his own money, then the $1.5M is already reached right? So now the sky is the limit! :) @igor: thanks for the link! What I would like to know as well: Schafer states the big role of adventures in germany (which I can confirm), as strange it may seem. With wasteland 2 it is often 'russians' that are mentioned. Obviously there is a big fanbase. Is there any reason, or a cool story behind that or is that just coincidence? Really would like to know. @Eric it is OK. DF got all the funding they needed. And you will be able to buy their game once it is out and therefore help them to get some profit. For now, I think you should consider putting amount that you wanted to give to DF to WL2 :):) I wish there were same way to pledge after the project is closed for some time in the future. I want to pledge to Double Fine but now it's closed. Take my money! : - ) For Russian backers: the last update in Russian available to read, comment, reuse and edit here: <url>"Go away kid, you bother me."? I also applaud your desire to eschew the console scene. There's absolutely no better interface, to date, than a proper keyboard and mouse. As such, consoles are forever on the 'things that suck' list. Thanks again for making this happen! --Gary This user's account has been deleted. Besides...:), I _love_ Brian Fargos style in writing. The last kickstarter message was very emotional and I really do love this! BUT: The Pledge is developing massive inertia right now. I really would wish, that Brian would take a look, how it went with Tim Schafers pledge to find out, that offering more options and even those friggin T-Shirts pushed it significantly forward. The time to talk about technical issues is _after_ the pledge. Here is an opportunity, in my opinion there's much more in it, but to get there, there has to be massivly more action in this regard to get there. I just want the best Wastland 2 possible :), and seeing the numbers rise so slowly makes me nervous all the times :) Some random CRPG from IKEA while waiting for W2. <url>"re-imagining" of The Bard's Tale is the Daily Deal on Steam. A 10% cut isn't that bad. It's really only 5% for Kickstarter, 1.5-2.5% to Amazon, and 1.5-2.5% to the credit card company. And everyone only gets their fee if the project succeeds. Now, Kickstarter's cut of $1.5 million is a pretty decent sum, but these megaprojects are a new thing, and even now most projects are much much smaller but still take a fair bit of time to set up. I have no problem with Kickstarter here at all. desura is the way to go for all platforms but windows and mac users are fond of steam. bigger cuts by steam you say? hell, the way it goes i say. @ Sean Patrick : That's how you should raise your kids! We are all proud of him :D Ok, Wasteland is one my favorite crpgs of all time. Absolutely loved it. Replayed it several times. Heck, I remember my first playthrough my party all died trying to escape the last base. LOL. In any event, ran across this and decided to toss in the small amount of help that I could. Can't wait to see what you guys do! My 14 year old kid just tossed his whole savings - $150 bucks into this. He is a big fan of good retro games (BG / fallout / etc.) I could not be more proud. @dirty johnny : I'm a fan of fallout tactics too - primarily because I was a very 'tactical' player of fallout 1/2 and was always a big fan of BOS. I felt like FT really stood the system up nicely. well there is something like steam out there that does waht you are talking about. It's called Desura. there alo of alpha funding indi games. www.desura.com This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Er, perhaps because without Kickstarter and Amazon (or some analogous secure escrow and payment service) there would have been no project, just a set of design documents sitting in a drawer unable to assemble funding? Steam would take a much bigger cut (30-40%) and their games would be steam only probably. I'm glad they don't have a kickstarter like program. @Vadrick let's not mix two different issues in one. If everyone could do other's job we, most probably, would live in a very different world. So let's not argue using such statements like 'if you dont like it, build your own kickstarter with black-jack and ****', it's leading us nowhere. Returning to kickstarter -- I'm already 'support' it as you can see, because only backers can leave comments in this section. But I dont see any good reason why we should not using(or deny others from) any other available way to help to fund our project. So yes, competition is important, and paypal fine is actually lower than kickstarter+amazon. Also I wanna remind you that kickstarter already have four million+ projects this year, and some cash that will float sideways isn't damage anything, and it's most certainly wont make publicity any lower. This user's account has been deleted. vamp1r0, as far as I knew, there was NO Wasteland 2 project before this one. The percentage is irrelevant to me as long as I get the promised goods delivered. However, I do agree that a 10% rake is a bit excessive. As this model matures, that should be dealt with. Competition is important. Maybe you can create a new incubator that only takes 4%? I loved tactics too, the lore was off but it is still fun. played it today actually. I was one of 2 people who loved the crap out of fallout tactics, just for the variety of sets and scenarios to muck about with. Try to get the Red Ryder BB Gun in there somehow :) Ran that constant 20 damage through countless critical hits. 10% of the take? Really? I don't see why kickstarter and amazon feel entitled to such a high stake in the project when they just sit on ass. Why isn't anonymous paypal an option anyway? Odd Ball, point taken. I was going to be all 'superior' and send them $14 on the paypal, but I see I can't pick a number. Yerp. I'm pretty sure, if there is interest in the console version(not from me, for sure), inXile will find a publisher to finance the port :D P.S.: this message intend to be ironic. @Vadrick Kickstarter takes 5% per successfully funded project. So basically it's virtually already have 70 thousands bucks. And another 70 thousands goes to amazon. I think that this is more than enough for that 'support' thing. @ Vadrick, I am supporting both! Support Kickstarter, OddBall. This is something bigger than just this project. $700 pledge in total already on <url>"War. War never changes." Can't wait to see what the new Wasteland brings to the party. Wasteland 2 is now the second most funded project in Kickstarter history. Congrats! Very happy to be backing this project, and can not wait until it is released. I have been dying for the return of good RPGs - thanks inXile for stepping up to the plate! This is great :) Hope it is going to be open ended like wasteland and fallout 2 so you can keep playing even after main quest are done. Thanks for the enjoyment Fallout 1/2 gave me when I was a kid @ other Alex, playing it right now! ;) BTW, did anyone play Arcanum? that shit was awesome... $33,333 left to go... Wow even tex murphy might come back <url>"old time" developers here with their own projects, like a new Ultima from Richard Garriott, or a new Privateer, Wing Commander and/or Strike Commander from Chris Roberts... :) @umbrae soulsbane-Thanks for the Abandonia link man.Once I figure out this damn computer,,and figure out how to install it on my dos box and stuf,I'll be all over that .Finally.I'm not so good with the computer skills.Low INT(but high WIS) I didn't play Wasteland 1 back in the day, but I am a huge Fallout 1/2 fan - and as all you other guys here, I got so happy when I found this - and now it looks like the next step is Linux support! This indeed just gets better and better! Thank you Brian, and all other involved people! You know I could see a coop like in Icewind Dale working one day once this genre has finally been brought back from the grave. For now though I think its more important to make a single player game that proves every publisher wrong. I mean sure that'll mean those lousy hypocrites will try to rip this game off with variations of their own design for a quick cash grab, inconcievably unethical bastards that they are, but it also means we'll finally have the genre back to prominance. Let this game share that aspect of Infinity Blade's development. Make a really solid single player and way later on, when it has become a huge success, bring coop and competative multiplayer into the mix. Now if you'll all excuse me I must decide whether to upgrade my pledge for the hundred dollar special edition here or do so for Americana Dawn and its art book/walkthrough. Don't care so much for the strategy guide side but the artwork for the historically minded meets Suikoden jrpg mechanics game is too damned tempting to just pass aside. Curse you kickstarter in all of your wonderful glory! @mindx2 I agree, also have to laugh at the tools who want it ported to consoles. What game do they think they just bought into, exactly? @Drovek - Once again there IS something wrong with asking to shift ANY focus away from the single player, top-down, party and turn-based PC game we have been starving for. That was the whole POINT for Brian to start this pledge drive. @Amanda Thanks for posting that. I wonder if Kickstarter will let them add it to the project page as well? No multiplayer, pls There's nothing wrong with wanting some co-op: it's a squad based game, after all. Lends itself to some fun co-op, but of course you want the SP to be priority. @Tim - This is not that kind of game. It is single-player ONLY :) Can't wait to get my hands on this title! On another note, will Wasteland 2 have any sort of coop? From Brian's twitter feed - A pledge via paypal option is now available direct through the inXile website for people withut credit cards - <url>"Please ask this guy to be your narrator for Wasteland 2. " +1, very talented, started to watch his narration to NWN but since he warned of spoilers for BG I stopped. The kick back initiative isn't just about about where the money should go, whats overlooked is that the reputation of these succesful kickstarter project can bring a much needed spotlight on underrated underfunded projects. Instead i think that a separate forum needs to be setup for developers only to show some of their progress and code for the kickback peeps to evaluate them thoroughly, like a peer review system you find in academia. Then a badge and a category should be made for kickstarter projects that have received kickback money. Of course a few polls to gauge the backers interests wouldn't hurt, but the final decision should be with the kickbackers and they should have as much info as they need. Let's turn this thing into an indie industry! :P Please ask this guy to be your narrator for Wasteland 2. <url>öström All money even on kickstarter will be earn with very hard work, so I don't see reason why somebody should spend them to random project. But I definitely like that idea because Notch already did it before. $1,500,000 its just 1500 pledges for $1000, I believe there is lot of people who can give money like these 99 people who already give $99,000 Okay, lets wait and we'll see anything! I mean, you guys already got the game you pledged for and they feed the kickstartermovement, win-win! Since the kickbacks would be made for profit money AFTER the project is done and not with kickstarter money, they can do whatever they want with the money (like they would and should do anyways). There's really not much to complain about. And it's a great thing btw, it will give this movement even more momentum! @Ilias ...as I said, if Fargo actually will sit himself and decide exactly where the money is going, I'm all for it. Hope he has the time. @Teddy They haven't said they would distribute the money evenly across all Kickstarter projects (I agree that would be a waste for many who would get it, like this jackass: <url>"little guys" who have a good idea but are not well connected. I'm sure they'll figure out something that will work. In any case, it's definitely a good idea and could make good progress in freeing developers if it catches on. I believe, that people like Fargo know much better than any of us if a project has potential and being realistic or not. @SXX Hmm, well, he did not provide any such information so your interpretation is just as right or wrong as mine. I hope it is as you believe. Of course they can do what they want with their money; I just don't want to see money that could be put to good use in the hands of the many completely unrealistic projects on theses sites. @Teddy Sjöström I think you aren't understand main idea of Fargo. He doesn't say developers should randomly throw money somewhere. I think it will be okay if developers will pledge projects which they really like. But I don't really agree with some extra polls with backers because profit its not backers money and developer can make anything with it, IMHO. Sure. One day I bought some DVD with Dragon Age in release day. I come back to home, but manager in shop forget to remove protection. I tried to open it for some time, and after I did it I damaged disk little bit... So I just download **** game and enjoy it. After that situation I give promise to myself that is I am never bought any physical copy of the game. I like the spirit of "Kick It Forward", BUT I don't think it's a very good idea, at least not if the money is distributed indiscriminately. There is a HUGE amount of projects that are not serious at all, and so the vast majority of that money would be just thrown away. I'd much rather you kept the money, because that way it has already circumvented publishers, and I know the money could be put to good use. An alternative would be that you pledged the 5 %, but instead of just throwing it away randomly, you let your backers decide through polls or something what other projects they want to see funded with that money. Yeah. That's probably the best idea IMHO. yes you make a fair point @Matthew Farmery maybe he wants that more money will go directly into the development than spend on the stuff he might get. ;) @Matthew Farmery If sure I don't need any physical staff, but being NPC or location is interesting way to add something unique to the game. I will download game from torrent (i sure Fargo make torrent for DRM-free version like in humble bundle), but nothing can be same as being like part of history. :D @Uli why keep your $30 award selected when you pledged $50? as you get more stuff at the $50 tier, and still keep the previous awards from the lower tiers as well Just upped my pledge to 50$ (keeping the 30$ reward). We are getting really close to Linux suport :-) @Etienne Adenot I realistic, start mean nothing because Double Fine gets money from their own fans, its why they get them faster. But this project is goes little bit more stable because most of fans is fans of different games. I sure at end this game will have something like 60k of backers just because lot of people want to pre-order the game, even if they not very big fans of Fargo. This 30-40k of people give something like $1kk anyway, its why I think about 2.5 as minimal number of pledges. damn, KS is going to ruin me, I upped my pledge to $250 (with $15 for shipping) in hopes we get a standard edition as well, must no go any higher,, I can't afford it otherwise @Matthew - Yes , please post the answer ! I support the ""Kick It Forward" thing, I dont do this becasue I get the game for free, I support this cause I´m sick and tired of seeing the big publisher treating their customers and their developers like shit. When I was young the games where made with love, today they are made to earn easy money and the easiest way to do this is to make a sequel. I´ve already support 2 projects (this and DF´s game) but I will try to support at least one more and that is Christian Allans project called Hardcore Tactical Shooter, I really hope he gets the money he needs. For more info on the game and what he has worked in before listen to this podcast <url>"Golden-Era" of PC games! We are at the start of something special and people always want a piece of history... like me :) @SXX let's be realistic, DF had a way better start than W2. $2M would be awesome tho. I would assume you do as well, but anyway Im hoping for a response, so will update when I get one, there is no point opening up the signed copy one, as they probably end up been worth something later on @Matthew - I was wondering about the $250 level. I pledged that amount and want to keep my Collector's box untouched but WANT to have the manual and map right next to me as I play. Let us know if we get a "regular" edition as well. I think we do but would like to be sure :) @Scott M. Bruner Noooo... it definitely will be more that $2.5. Double Fine get more than $300k in last few days. sent a message asking about the $250 tier, unless someone else has already done it, but will post the answer once I get it @Eric Ericsson Indeed, that is almost certainly the reason Kickstarters are not able to offer cash or similar investment incentives. Doing so would require major additional levels of oversight from the American government, along with all of the legal costs and headaches that come with it. wish it'd speed up a little. $10K a day is slow. I'd like to see this end at $2M. sorry, you were answering Conner_36 question about the $250 tier, yes Im not sure on that reward level myself, a bit more info on what it includes is needed, but I assume it should include everything from the previous tiers, but certainly needs two boxed editions, one signed collectors, and one unsigned standard @Conner_36 Im wondering that too, if that is the case, I would upp my pledge to that level, if the collectors edition was signed, you wouldn't want to break into it, but the contents of the original box (for the cloth map would be useful, @SXX you are refering to the $100 tier? I would assume so Just upped my pledge to $250. Not too long until we reach that 1.5 million mark. there's a 'send message' link just above under the project title. It would be best to ask inXile about anything to do with the reward tiers that you are unsure of. @Conner_36 There some problems with understanding of this reward scheme. E.g this box definitely include beta access, but does it include ALL things from ALL previous tiers? I think it should, so... For fucks sake, get to 1.5 already! Come ooooon Internet! :) does 250 the collector edition tier come with a regular boxed copy so I can take out the manual and leave the signed copy alone? @Bobs22 I sure most people who give money for this things want to have a good game, so they understand it too. E.g I get this location tier today and this 1000 is big money for me and I will try to find something suitable for Wasteland 2. That shouldn't damage game with a big world :) @Joseph Urbanek - Well, looks like someone's found a new reward tier. Still it would be nice to know if inXile has any plans to use their profit to expand this style of adventure game beyond this one game. A free expansion pack would certainly help but I'm wondering if this means they'll try to specialize and create new franchises based on this game's success. A real revival of old school RPG gaming that goes beyond one setting and story. Just finished watching "The Day After (1983)" to prewarm up before replaying WL 1: <url>"just" getting a game for my $50 but if I could've invested for real and get a ROI I could've put in at least a $1000 :) I hope all those "named NPC's" and locations, and statues etc don't detract from the game experience. I don't want to be reminded I'm in a video game. I want to immerse myself without stumbling across a statue every 2 minutes. But Brian is an experienced guy so I'm sure it will be tasteful New York is usually GMT-5 but we are -4 right now because of f*cking DST I little bit scared about times here: 1 - I live in London with GMT. 2 - But talk on Russian forums with +3 GMT. 3 - Kickstarter have other time. 4 - inXile other as well Awww.. everything so hard :D PM! 28,000 backers! 28,000 at 4:56:05 seconds EST I love manuals. I love manuals, and text. and paragraphs you have to look up. I loved how SSI did it with the Gold Box series (still an underrated classic series...) I can read about skills all day. I played Wasteland on my C64, not sure if it was legit or not all these years later. Very happy to contribute to the sequel, I can't wait! @Umbrae Soulsbane Its why I use Linux :) I can find lot of things which make my work easier because I can read man pages. Windows usually have some good tricks too, but its really hard to find some information about them :D For those that want to play wasteland 1 again: <url>… I'll be sure to write reviews for Wasteland 2 and the Double Fine adventure as soon as they come up. Here is a big HURRA for the developers but most of all for this wonderful community I am so proud to be part of! Closing in on 28,000 backers... not bad people!! to those wanting to play WL1 <url>" floppy? :) it still works!! I want to see this raise 3 mil.... come on. this is Wasteland! @infestor Its should be very reach friend, $15 isn't small money for most of Chinese people. And I sure they have very limited payments, but I have some sell's from China in my experience. I have never played Wasteland and have only briefly heard of it in the past. Fallout 1 & 2 are however my favorite games of all time. I am super excited to see what comes out of this project. Power to the developers! Just dusted off my C64 and tried my old wastland disks. Corrupted all to hell. Guess I'll just have to wait. also, still no love for blood sausage :( (the $2500 tier) i'm trying to pitch this game to my chinese mate, in hopes of getting the whole china pledging :) Everyone please chill. I think we all agree we want this game. How we want this game to look should be placed over at their forums. I'd rather we just get along and focus on getting more people involved. Cool? You've got still more competition Kitzke :) +1 for no console version, keep good decisions coming ;) Best line from the movie on this page: "There was a Fallout 1 and 2?!" Yes! 1.45! Changed my pledge to$50 to get the box. Almost at 1.5! Come on!!! Chance yet, but Wasteland is nearly back... I remember playing it and listening to an Old Alice Cooper Tape... That was about 24 ago... Crazy :-) There was an online Chat about the 'New' bard's Tale Somerset years ago. And I ASK Brian, if we See Mangar or Tarjan again?! NO sped up while I gone ? :D @Rolf W Jr No worries! We all just want them to make a great game. PS.: I had to go back to work, but I can't help it! I just want to refresh this every minute to see how much money they get! Are we getting to 1.5 m today? @Bernardo Maybe it came across too harsh. Sorry. Let's just let them finish the game first before we start asking for more rewards. @Andy Kitzke You need to keep your eyes open and you have chances. I took this reward today because I was online :) Just noticed the worn cloth game map...had to up my pledge to 50. I may have posted this before, maybe not. I remember watching my Dad play this game when I was 10, and then sneaking on his computer while he was at work to play it myself. I have such great memories of wasteland. I am so happy about this project. I'm in like Flynn. Can't wait to see the finished product. Wish there were more $1000 slots open. @Rolf W Jr Easy! I was just expressing some ideas, and I'm okay if you disagree. But it is still what I think. And I guess you understood me wrong if you think I want any money. I just sayed the opposite. But maybe it's because I'm a non-native english speaker. Could be my fault. I know I can back out, but I won't, thank you. You can also just jump over my comments if you don't like them ;) @Rolf W Jr I guess that list of prohibited rewards doesn't exclude sexual favors from Brian Fargo. What do you think Brian, you up for another $15? Well, regardless of the console/ touch pad versions... The Kick It Forward idea is wonderful and we are closing in on 1,500,000!!! That is only a GOOD thing :) This user's account has been deleted. @Scott M. Bruner It looks to me that you think that inXile are making us a favor. And I agree! But I also think we are making them one too! It's a Win-Win situation, in my eyes. And while I also think the developers should make money - and a lot of money! - out of this (they deserve it), I also think that if they make A LOT of money, they could give some back in the form of a free expansion. I'm not even asking for it, but in my eyes it looks like the right thing to do. And I guess I'm done defending my idea guys. I should get back to work. Maybe I can improve my pledge and become an NPC. I'll be the capitalist guy trying to make a big profit out of the lives of every single living person in the Wasteland ;) As one of the ones who pirated Wasteland years ago, I'm happy to back this project, I just wish I could do it to the tune of $10,000 like that one guy did. I can hardly wait to see what they develop! I even went back and found a version that'll work on my PC of the old game and started playing that again! I just finished blowing up the Hobo dog stand in Needles and am about to begun the hunt for the Bloodstaff. Woohoo! @Bernardo And the rest: "What items are prohibited as rewards? Prohibited items include: • Financial incentives, returns, and repayment • Raffles, lotteries, and sweepstakes • Coupons, discounts, and gift certificates • Alcohol, tobacco, and drugs • Pornography For a full list of prohibited items and activities, please review Amazon Payments' Acceptable Use Policy. @Bernardo Give it a rest. This is directly from Kickstarter: "There are some limitations on what can be offered as a reward. Investment and loan solicitations are forbidden, as are lotteries, raffles, sweepstakes, and coupons/discounts on future goods. See below for more." We are not "like" investors in any shape or form, period. If this really bothers you as much as it appears to, you should back out of the project. @Nicholas Russell Lol! You just made my day happier! We surely can discuss ideas on how to dodge those rotten vegetables. @Brandon Burchfield I just expressed in a previous comment that, to me, backers are more like investing than pre-ordering :) I guess we just have different point of views over all this. And concerning the kick it forward, I do understand the idea, that's why I sayed "that's is sort of what I'm talking about", but certainly it not EXACTLY what my idea is. I think they could kick some more money into the same project instead of helping some project that the original backer may not support. But I'm happy to see they plan to share the love in some way, even though It's not what I would have done. The "kick it forward" thing got me thinking about something for charity. I know Kickstarter is all about NOT dealing with big companies/publishers, but anyway here's my idea. A project, say a game, that has some interest with big pubs but just not enough, makes a deal with a big publisher to run a Kickstarter project to gauge interest. That publisher agrees to a certain funding level and if reached, the big publisher agrees to back the game BUT they also agree to match the funding amount as a donation to some charity/cause. There could be variations, like the funding amount is charity, or the publisher matches it, or they match half, whatever. F*** console version! it would destroy the spirit great old times! True Old school RPGs only for PC based platforms.... @ bernardo. Your comment made me sad. I know you don't mean ill - but the whole idea of us asking for more because of the success of this campaign, to me, casts a "what can you do for me" pall over what's just an amazing, amazing and inspiring event in art. That those of us who love what publishers don't feel comfortable supporting can fund. I think two things - 1) if the game is successful, then I don't mind if they make money. It can only help to revive the genre, and bring more people into the genre (and the best minds) and it can show publishers there IS a market for these types of games. 2) I don't expect anything more than what was promised, and if I give more than is needed, it's representative of my passion for their work, and my gratitude for doing this project, and the game itself. ALL I WANT is the game, ALL I EXPECT is the game. (ok, the cool goodies that came with my level are rad, too :) ) Any success on top of that, is gravy and is for Brian and his team. If they decide to Kick It Forward, I applaud them heartily, and it only makes me more willing to support them, and other developers. So, to summarize, Bernardo - I couldn't disagree with you more. @Sean, take a look at what they were actually proposing, and ignore the 'for facebook' part. @Everyone worried they may relent and make a console port You know how I was saying we'd have no form of recourse if they decide to do something we don't like after their project passes the backing due date? Not true before then as every single one of us has the power to cancel our donation at anytime. Just go to the manage donations button, scroll down to the bottom, and click the button that lets you do just that if you start to see this move onto, say, a 360 or something. With that knowledge Brian Fargo would have to pull a John Mccain here and, essentially, lose his mind by putting forward such an idea in a bid to draw in a larger demographic given we can destroy this thing at any time in the next 26 days. Thank God he's sane though. @Bernardo de Oliveira e Silva Welcome to the wonderful town of bringing forth an intelligent idea only to have it thrown to the ground, kicked in the groin, shot execution style in the head, and left for dead by anyone who even suspects it has any loose connection to you trying to influence the "artist's" project in any way, shape, or form that's not consistant with "keep it on the PC or else." :) btw, we'll be having a meeting later this week to decide how best to deflect the rotten fruits and vegetables the purist crowd so happily chucks our way. I noticed a 1,000 bid was retracted earlier. I guess a husband just got the life bollocked out of him when his wife looked at their shared savings.. @Bernardo That's not how Kickstarter works and that's not how I would want it to work anyways. If you're looking to make a monetary return on your "investment", or anything other than what you get for your reward, this is not the place to do it. You said: "I don't think it's fair for them to keep all the profit (assuming the game will make a nice profit after the release) without giving some of it to the people that made it happen (us). So I think our "share of the profit" (I know this expression sound really bad and capitalist, but I can't think of any other one) should come in the form of a free expansion." Kickstarter is more like preordering the game. If there's enough preorders, the game gets made and we get the rewards we paid for, and thats more than fair. We shouldn't expect anything else. Also, I don't think you read exactly what the Kick forward idea is. The idea is that after the game has been released and made a profit, they would kickback some of that back in to the Kickstarter community. As in, to other developers wanting to make games. Doing this in the form of a "free expansion" helps no one but us and doesn't even make sense considering what Brian wants to do. more money! gogogo! @Kent McClard I see what you mean, but as far as I know this and DFA are the first "big" games done this way. So it looks like everybody is still figuring out how this should work. And my opinion is the one I just gave. Also, I don't want Kickstarter to change the way it works. I just gave my view of what I think it should be "the right thing to do" with part of the money inXile makes with this. i think as many as many indie developers should come together and found a medium focused on indie game funding apart from kickstarter, with "kick it fw" other nice features handled by default. @Bernardo I understand what you are saying, but that isn't the way Kickstarter works. So essentially what you are asking for is a change to the fundamental way that Kickstarter works. You shouldn't be asking InXile/Brian Fargo for this change... you should be directing that at Kickstarter. To those asking the "investment" questions: as other have stated, KS is about making a dream come true, not making a personal profit. Your "payoff" is seeing something great finally be realized and helping its creators find success. This gives them the means to do more cool stuff, hopefully without needing financial support (and if they DO need it, they'll have the upper hand in dealings with investors). The goal is to get a product that's influenced as little as possible by corporate greed and stupidity. That's reward enough IMHO. I just read about the kick forward idea and that's is sort of what I'm talking about. I just wish they would do it in the form of a free expansion. @Roy Greenhalgh, @Cormac Kennedy, @Rolf W Jr I have to disagree. We are giving someone money upfront expecting to get something in return, if the project works. For me that is pretty much what an investor is. I absolutely agree that we cannot ask for any more that we pledged for. If they gave me a good game I'll be really happy with that. But on the other hand, I don't think it's fair for them to keep all the profit (assuming the game will make a nice profit after the release) without giving some of it to the people that made it happen (us). So I think our "share of the profit" (I know this expression sound really bad and capitalist, but I can't think of any other one) should come in the form of a free expansion. That's all. I know we can't legally make them do it, and I wouldn't even if I could, but it would be another way to say "thank you for ehlping us make a dream come true, for keeping us in business and helping us making some money". A good game does not need best graphics. Just good gameplay. I think the Kick It Forward idea is awesome. I wonder how the money would be spread - evenly amongst all Kickstarter projects? Just games-related projects? @Bernardo - We're not investors, we're customers and donators. What we get in return is the creation of the game we want, and the gift we select. Hopefully inXile's future profits will go to help them support the game, create more content for it, and/or maybe produce another great game. Bernardo: There is no legal and easy way for backers to get a share of those profits. We have not signed any contract with InXile to facilitate such a share, and in the end you back a project because you want to see it get made; not because you want to profit from it. If you want dividends from game sales, you are better off buying AAA-shares with some publisher. You still wont get dividends from Wasteland 2 though, since it's a complete independent project. Thank you for focusing on PC and NOT consoles! @SSX Thanks for that link! Nice little interview. @Cormac Kennedy Why not? Making of profit != making of money. We invest money in project here and get good game as profit. I prefer leave the game on pc (unix linux win ...) but no on console because you can't do anything you want with sony/crosoft requirement and more over it take a lot of time to port them on it, and they are too much work(i think) to do that. About the Kick Forwards, i wan't a real game finished first, not a fallout 2 without all the feature and the bug fix by kill app (<url>#!/BrianFargo/status/182511189069283328 Brian Fargo: "Never have I been at a better place to make games I love" <url>¢. got it! Bernardo- No. Just....no. We are not investors and we do not share in profit. All we get, all we should want, is the project to work. You are willing to pledge $x for the right up front GIFT as a Thank you. That's the whole gain for Kick Starter. If Brian wanted SHAREHOLDERS then that would be starting the whole Corporation all over again...then as Shareholders he would have to do what WE said...which sort of was what killed WasteLands II from the start Oh so many years ago. Take your Pledge gift and be happy you were a part of it. If I look for funding through Kickstarter and am successful, I would agree to the Kick it Forward concept as well. Way to give back to the community! @infestor Check the latest update. I do like the Kick it forward idea, there are a good few things I'd like to back but just don't have the funds to do so with any real seriousness. @Bernardo, We're not really investors. We pledged money not to make a profit but to be given a game and perhaps other assorted goodies at a future date. If we must be anything we are more facilitators than investors. @Bernardo That sentiment comes up a lot, but the important point is that we are *not* investors here. We are only backers, and the only "rewards" we are entitled to are what is listed in the sidebar. If you want to invest in the game, call up Fargo and see if you can work out a deal. I agree that if the project does really well and InXile release a free expansion as a result then that would be great. But they are not obligated to do so. ok, i have low INT, what's the "kick it forward"? Absolutely LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE the "Kick It Forward" concept! I am not in any flashy industry but i have supported projects I will never see the benefit of, like the subway garden in NYC, simply because I believe profoundly in the concept of Kickstarter. Kick it Forward would be a wonderful amazing movement! I wonder how this project will work after the release of the game? First of all, I want to state that I don't know much about the games industry and how it works, but I've been thinking this: Let's assume inXile spends all the money we gave then finishing this game and making it really good. All the backer get their copy and, after that, the game starts been sold the same way every game does (steam, stores, etc.). At this point, all of us, the backers of the game, made sure inXile had the money to make it, and all the costs are already payed for (and here I include developers salaries, equipment needed and so on). So, all the money they get from the sales after the release of the game is profit that go straight in their pockets, and I really think they are going to make a nice profit because this is going to be a good game. Now, as I see it, every backer here at kickstarter is an investor, we are not only pre-ordering the game, we are funding it. So I don't think it's fair that inXile keep all this profit for themselves. Surely, I think they should have a very nice part of it, after all, they made the game and they deserve it, but I think every backer should have it's share as well, after all, as Brian Fargo keeps telling us, there wouldn't be a Wasteland 2 if not for us. Even though I think it would be possible, I don't think inXile should mail us a check with our "share" of the profits. I also don't think that they sould put that money into the development of a Wasteland 3, this should be another game, maybe funded by kickstart again, but a whole different thing. What I think they should do with our "share of the profits" they get in the first year of sales is to make a expansion and the release it for free! Completely free, not only for the kickstart backers, but also for everybody that purchased the game after the release. Whatever profit they make after that first year of sales they can keep all to themselves. I understand that they don't have to do it. They just need to make the game and that's all. But looking at the way that this kickstarter funding works, I think this would be the fair thing to do, they should reward their investor if the game does really well. And if they do that they'll became the heroes of this industry and next time they ask me for money, I'll gladly give as much as they need. Thank you to Fargo and InXlie for sticking with the PC/Mac/Linux versions. I think it would have been detrimental to the game if you had started to worry about fitting it to other platforms before the core CRPG experience is completed. Also, "Kick it Forward" is a terrific idea and I hope it catches on... I only wish you had picked a different name for it! Bringing back memories of that horrifically terrible movie cannot possibly help the cause. :) nice update, I also hope more developers help with this, and if double fine also gets on board, then we can see more games getting funded with KS, hope this idea takes off Read Brian's latest update folks, and post about his proposal for a kick it forwards movement from developers everywhere you go. That kind of initiative needs to be talked about everywhere we go! @SXX Agreed, my friend. Arguing in internet is silly anyways. :D @Tomi Taipaleenmäki Ok, let spend more time to get extra backers for this project! :) I have the message for spreading the word on my Skype and Hotmail. @SXX I agreed with you, that QTE sucks. Never liked them, no matter the platform. Look, paragrpah book really is not a good example of in game text. Pool of Radiance had a huge manual system and while it's charming, it's really not an epitome of good game design in a way of telling a story. Nothing to do with consoles, it's just a limitation of technology. Versatile UI that is also simple and intuitve doesn't mean, that the UI has to be a mess of buttons or stack of menus. Versatily and simplicity are not excluding features, it's just a question of design. Even before console dominance PC had games with odd resolutions and aspect ratios. At one point it was so bad, that you had to use drivers like UNIVBE to get a resolution you wanted in order to make a game run. While it is true, that QTE originates from aracade games such as Dragon's Lair, those games were ported to computers like C64 and even PC as they were. Sure, it's more common in consoles, as QTE fits better on game pad, but it does not originate from console gaming. Though that may depend on how you define consoles. I agree! Stop with the console talk. Let's talk about spreading the word and getting more people to pledge. I'm even cool talking out old games that we want to play. @theadam Because Tim Shafer have 75570 followers in twitter, and Brian Fargo have just 4122. So there is much more people who give money to Wasteland 2 not because they are Fargo fans, but Fallout and original Wasteland fans. @Umbrae Soulsbane That game just can't be published on consoles even if developers want it. Just because its against Sony/Microsoft rules, so there no reason to make any long discussions about it. Well it's looking like we'll hit the $1.5mil mark TODAY!! This is amazing. I'm glad this is my first kickstarter and it will be a success $250 well spent IMO. Come on, why is this going slower then DFA, back it you scoundrels! :P This game is my most anticipated of 2013! PC users should not have controls designed for a console and neither should Console users have controls designed for a PC. Some games are better suited for different controls, but with proper design this is not an issue. The major issue is cheap ports which put no effort into designing for the system. So lets just stop degrading into PC = Console wars. The decision to not have W2 on consoles is probably due to costs and the extra time Brian's team would need to design the controls to do console users justice without crapping out the PC game for the rest of us. Does Brian Fargo still plan on contributing $100,000 towards this project? Regarding Witcher 2. I'll make this easy for you. Wanna check quickly how console influence shits on PC RPG's? Load up Witcher 2, open your inventory panel, does it look a bit strange to you? Almost like it was made to be easily navigated with a controller? Mhm because it was. @Tomi Taipaleenmäki what SXX is writing about Witcher 2 flaws are already vastly discussed and proven facts. Witcher 2 WAS from the beginning meant to be ported to consoles and hence vast differences SXX is talking about between W1 and W2. Witcher 1 was designed to be PC game 100% and they tried to port it. and what happen? @Tomi Taipaleenmäki I think that all console problems because we haven't same problems before most games started to created for consoles as first-priority platform. @mindx2, think about it. Wasteland was a C64 game. It wasn't mouse controlled. It had a very low resolution. If that game is what people here are looking for then how can you claim that the interface must have mouse control and very small text? I'm not saying that the game should be designed for consoles, but I think that the things people are saying that the console will destroy are exaggerated. @AdrianArntzen,Igor Kurtes,Mindx2-I know what yer saying,I hear ya,I'm just saying,I guess ,that IF it went to port,it wouldn't be BAD for anyone here,and it could only help.And no consoles didn't help get this game made,but console players ARE helping get this game made. I loved Fallout 3-Don't hate.I knew about Fallout 1 and 2 and wanted to play em ,but I didn't have a computer because I was broke.If a console kid was reading these posts ,he would think there was some kinda bias against his money,And I'm all about the caps,so as long as they're flowing in ,WE GET OUR AWESOME GAME FOR NERDS MADE BETTER. @Tomi - #1: I really suggest you try and play the original Wasteland and read the paragraph book. That set the tone and "visuals" for me more than ANY voice actor could. Your #2 is a problem. I want and in depth UI and inventory system, not some simplified system designed for an analog stick and buttons A & B! #3: Please tell which PC game had QTEs that were NOT console games first? I am actually curious. @Tomi Taipaleenmäki 1 - Check original game and compare. First Witcher have much more text. 2 - It s**k. Its not mouse/keyboard oriented interface. 3 - But QTE never added for PC gamers, 1st Witcher haven't QTE cut scenes and it good with it. 4 - LOL. The console unlikely comment probably means that this project will release the PC/MAC/LIN version. If they sell well and make enough money they might think about porting. These is so much overhead with consoles its unlikely to expect Kickstarter projects to make enough money for it. The license fee to MS, Sony, Nintendo just for the privilege to make a console is a lot, and they act like publishers too, so they have to submit games to "testing departments" which can demand changes or it never makes it on the console. Kinda counter to what Kickstarter is doing here for games. @ssx 1. I thoght Witcher 2 is pretty chatty game. 2. Whats wrong with easy UI and inventory management? 3. QTE is not a console invention. PC games have had those and they have always sucked 4. Poor design choise. I really don't see any of those console spesific design issues. Some are just generally poor design, it's not like all PC games support all possible resolutions and apsect ratios. Very cool 5% kick forward idea. I wish UK developers could also benefit from such philanthropic endeavours. @Rob Crane. I love me some Metal Gear Solid on PS3, that's not the problem here. I am fine with console world. My gripe is that for once a true oldschool game comes around, which is MEANT for the god damn RPG nerds who play on PC... And here we are again with this porting business. Can't all you tabletloving, consoleadoring, iphoneaddictive people let us PC nerds just have this one game, which has very limited time and resources on top of it? Pretty fucking please, with sugar on top, L E T . I T . G O. @Rob Crane Rob I respect what you are saying, but console players have last... what ...6 to 7 years where games are exclusively made for them. What PC players got were a bad ports, dumbed down games.... We are promised here a PC game, a game that will be produced without any compromises... and that is not possible if ports other of MAC/Linux are even thought of. I hope you can understand that. If they make 100% PC game, chance of porting it to consoles would even be not possible because of design choices that were made to make this game 100% PC title... Hmmm I hope someone can articulate this better than I am .... I believe if this trend continues we will se a whole paradigm shift in the vide game industry. In support of this shift, and because I love Linux and need more games on Linux. I am upping my pledge, thank you all... @Rob - Consoles DID NOT "help this game get made." This game has been and, I believe, continues to be funded by a majority of PC GAMERS who have suffered through a drought of a real cRPG for many years. Wasteland is a PC game (well C-64 really) first and that is what was/ is proposed. You use a mouse and keyboard, not a controller or your finger! You sit in front of your monitor a few feet away and READ the text descriptions and conversations, not look at 1M sized font displaying a few words read by the same actor who reads lines for 20 other characters :) I hope you get my point... @Tomi Taipaleenmäki Lets see: 1 - Less text. 2 - Easier interface and inventory. 3 - QTE in quests. 4 - No support of 4:3 and 16:10 at release. Design problems??? Not a console problems??? Are you serious??? Only 59k left to go I don't really understand some guys who ask about mobile/console releases, and as well don't understand everybody who said that usually bad. If this project can reach something like $6,000,000 you can really ask even about special console version. But people! Please! 1.5 million it's very little money! Its okay for adventure, but not for RPG! Porting RPG to tablets or consoles not just mean porting of code, but mean change interface and some moments in gameplay! That all cost much more money than code porting! So If you want to get mobile version - go ahead, make advertising for this project. 26 days it lot of time to reach something like $3,000,000. @Adrian Artntzen-The chances of console are not looking good,but why bother to slag console owners.Though I can't claim to have ever Bought a game on computer(besides this one)I must admit,I played X-com on the PS originally.First game ever on it to be precise.And that is a top down,which is awesome,and it lead to indirectly,to my support of this game.So Really,consoles helped get this game made.IF BY SOME CHANCE,this made enough to port it over,it would just be to the good for inXile.To say NO outright would be cutting off a possibility that others would enjoy this game(and of potentially making a crap load of money),even if it was a somewhat less awesome version ,due to the inherent problems of porting. x-com wasn't ported better,but it was at least as decent from watching my friend play,though I will give you,I swore pretty bad at the controls a few times.:) @Igor, SSX, Adrian and Dennis - Shout it from the rooftops, brothers! Shout it loud!! :) "I don't know why a niche game should even try to appeal to a larger audience..." I don't think it should be designed for a different audience, but tablets are becoming common enough that part of the target audience will surely have them, and the ability to play on a mobile device is a nice perk. So it's not a must have but I don't see it as breaking the mold. @Rob Crane, I don't drink coffee or alcohol. :) I get your meaning, but it's not all that convincing. I mean, supposed I did enjoy them, why would I give up something I enjoy for a game I won't play? Of course these are not the only considerations, which is why I'll probably end up paying. @Adrian There's a poll for that on the forum. Last time I checked the leading options were "more content/expanded world", "character portraits" and "mod kit", if I recall correctly. There is some bad design in Witcher 2, but I don't think consoles are to blame with those. You wannabe hipster pretend gamers go play angry birds or slice some fruit. This endeavor is for old school gamers. Phones will always provide gimmicky game experiences that suck. Perhaps later a version on a large screen tablet,...LATER. This is for PC, Mac, and Linux. @Tomi - From what the Witcher 2 came out like I tend to think that consoles were on their mind/ agenda :) I don't like this at all. Fine with mac and linux porting, that's settled. But all the extra funding besides that should go into the making of the game itself. If they have more than enough now, and looks like they do since he starts talking about tablet porting, then I'll pull back my funding, rather than pay for more porting. What, you gonna port to PS3 and Xbox if we reach 2M? Let bethesda fanboys fund then. Give us some specifics on exactly what money is gonna go to after 1.5M. And for all you naysayers, when you port shit around, the product does not get better. If it does, give me ONE example. @Tomi Taipaleenmäki And sure Witcher 2 was damaged by consoles anyway. Original PC-only game have better interface and more text. I don't want same thing for Wasteland. It's acutally a good thing to keep consoles out of the design process for now. Make game ready and take a look at the situation afterwards. CD Projket did the same thing with Witcher 2 @etd3.HEY.........It's like what 3 coffees,or one drunk to fund it at the most basic level???.Me,I says,for all the time I'm gonna save from the hangovers ,and coffee just makes me strung out,go nuts and up it by a drunk or 2..HAHAHA(But then ,some drink more than others) I apologize in advance if you don't imbibe of said sociables. @Justin Lee There is no problem with porting. But there is lot more work on game interface for tablets. Old-school RPG mean lot of text and functions. And what people scared it cut of interface just for mobile devices. But I don't see anything bad if tablet version will be created, but its SHOULDN'T CUT PC VERSION. @mindx2 I agree. If they deliver promised game I will surely not care what they will do later with the profit. Sure I would like them to make WL3, but if they want to go console/android/iOS... who am I to say otherwise. But first and foremost deliver what is promised! @umbrae soulsbane.Yeah man,that sucks.Imagine all the royalties she got ripped out of.Poor thing .And then to see her worked murderized.(not that I'm a fan mind you,but my co worker loves that Vamp goth love shtick.)She didn't like True Blood because there wasn't enough romance.HA I just feel that any other version besides PC/Mac/Linux (which were talked about initially) should wait till AFTER the game has been made. Get as much keyboard and mouse driven gameplay you can into this game FIRST. I don't know why a niche game should even try to appeal to a larger audience... I thought that was the whole reason to go with Kickstarter in the first place!! That slippery slope is sure easy to slide down....... Consoles are to expensive, there was something about to release a patch costing like 30.000$ dollars think it was Tim Schaefer that mentioned that, thats fucking insane, consoles are like Northkorea. Not only that but it takes month to get a patch out for consoles because of their bureaucracy. Consoles is just a bad way to go for small developers. To much fus and money for something that is easy and free on PC. Like Notch also said minecraft couldn never have happened on consoles. Maybe PC live forever, else indie gaming and new concepts like Minecraft will never exist :( ITs free to release all the patches and updates you want on PC power to freedom. No greedy big company taking money because you wanna support youre gaming. I think it wouldn't be a far cry to have an Android tablet version. If there will be enough funding for a Linux version, and coupled with the Android merge for the 3.3 kernel, an Android port would be "do-able." Just backed for old school game and Linux version! I know I'm probably overreacting but with such a drought for this style game I just want it to remain as "untainted" as possible :) Kick it Forward sounds like a fantastic idea. Set up a website and for the love of all that is sacred, TAKE MY MONEY! @mindx2 For some reasons console release just impossible for this project. Fargo might want it or not, but independent studio can't publish anything on consoles. And he also said a console version "isn't likely" which is a far cry from the NO he said before. <url>"I'm only designing this for PC" yet in the back of your mind you know a touch-version will be made you may compromise on the PC interface to make it just a little easier for a touch device. @Rob Crane, I agree. I think I'll up my currently insignificant pledge just because he sounds like such a nice guy. I still have to overcome some internal resistance towards such a spending (since I probably won't play the game), but I'll likely do it. Liked the "Kick It Forward" initiative... @Rob Crane/@James Loyd Amen! I think game developers can really help each other to break the traditional model and start being in control of their own properties. Because a world where an artist can have their creation taken away of distorted is not a world I want to continue living it. <url>"Kick it Forward" projetc. Great idea and I hope a lot of kickstarter projects will subscribe to it :) Personally, I'm glad you guys are updating whenever you have meaningful information to share. There's no need to slow down on them, and I hope you continue to update frequently throughout the project. PC/MAC/Linux only please. not smartphone/tablet nonsense.... Go go go guys! We gotta get 1.5! Just wanted to ask that, if at all possible, you include PowerPC/10.4 support with the OSX version - some of us still have old Macs we like to see put to use :) I loved Wasteland, and I'm really looking forward to playing the game. Three updates in six days? Could you cut that back to once per month or less? I really, really like the 'Kick It Forward" idea and would encourage others to do so as well. However, the first paragraph talking about consoles and touch devices... ONLY design for the PC/Mac please! The minute you start "expanding" you will dilute to core. I know many here will scream that Brain already said PC first but that first paragraph just sounded like the beginning of the cracks in his original philosophy. Woo hoo! a second game! i actually bought the first one years ago, this is awesome ^_^ Fargo=Classy act. He proves that the game community is definately not populated with Raiders in a Wasteland. Update 4 - This shows the integrity and vision of you as a person / company - which I believe comes through in your products. "Kick it Forward" should become the new mantra of all "Kickstarter" projects. update 4 yes! @Matthew this will be my last post for a while since I don't want to spam my viewpoint too much. A documentary about a crowd sourced project with an open source component would be truly epic, changing the world and all of that. Then on another note 10-15 years goes by and the software becomes difficult to play because it is not maintained on modern systems. Open sourcing the code 5 years from now offers the chance to preserve the cultural aspects of the game. making a documentary about the making of the game seems to be a good idea, if they were downloadable at say the $30 + tier, and adding a DVD or blue ray disk for the $100 + and we need another update in general, as pledging is slowing down a lot, I think a update about the game, (vid) and adding documentaries would help boost up the pledging once more so that's a good idea destraht @Reiner maybe you guys could collaborate on the assets to start with? I would imagine that having place holder models and an already functional system could be a huge boon during the first six months when they are ironing out the graphical tone. Lets say that they paid you guys a small amount of money for the rights to use it during development. Both camps are obviously very enthusiastic about this genre. Double Fine made extra large waves because they are making a documentary with the game. Perhaps inXile could really get a boost from this by working further with the community. I mean you guys at Zero Projekt have been working for years from an original inspiration from these people. Surely there is a way to move this all forward and have it win for everyone. Get your guys to talk to them and see if it could work out. It seems to me like there is too much synergy and enthusiasm to not at least pursue relations. @destraht: Maybe a short comment from a developer of Zero Projekt: The working title of our games was Fallout 0, but it was changed very soon for obvious legal reasons. Since 6 years, a rather small team is working on the game in their free time, including our own C++ software engineer who helped a lot in moving FIFE forward. However, FIFE is an engine that is still in development and there are many features missing. While I would be glad to get FIFE additional support, one has to carefully evaluate if it will be an adequate choice for a game. however, I'm doing the graphics development at Zero, so I cannot comment on engine specific details. What I can say for sure is that the graphics assets will be closed source until release of the game (repository access is limited) Anyways, good to see Wasteland 2 approaching to 1.5 million :) But I really don't think FIFE is a realistic choice for the project. If inXile uses it, I don't mind, so don't get me wrong here, I just don't think it's likely. @destraht FIFE looks like a full scale 2D engine. The shadows are part of the sprites, not dynamic or realtime. The pitch black shadows don't have alpha transparency, but there seems to be a possibility to use that as well. Well it was a bit misleading actually. I was searching for something fallout 1 or 2 related on facebook, and was tricked once I saw the pipboy pic. Bethesda should help fund this project though, as an apology for **** the second sequel. @Adrian - I actually don't want those followers any where near this game!! That is nothing but a Fallout 3 Bethesda propaganda site!! I think we can do better ;) A great place to get more backers would be to advertise Wasteland 2 over at this Fallout facebook page, it has 760.000 people following it: <url>#16/e=1f7176 Vote about extra funding usage: <url>"torture" as what to put in game :):) Woohoo the return of real video games! Or might be it would be something Linux-related, because linux gaming important for me as well. Anyway I've choose something suitable for atmosphere. @Igor Kurtes I sure Fargo should put something from NMA in game, because its really great community. I will think hard about what I want to add to the Wasteland 2 from me. Possible it will be not my name, but something (somebody) else who make big sense for russian fan community. @Adam Ridgway Haha, I feel like an happy idiot, but my previous tier was $315. I don't really want to any game copies or collectables, but being a part of came sounds really cool. Its like being a part of gamedev history :) @Mikael I agree. There is no way that they are going to be able to make enough 3d models to make some sort of Neverwinter Nights scale game. I think that they should focus on well looking sprites and then make tons of them so that there is real variety in the game. Now that we are close to having them on the hook for Mac and Linux it means that they need to have an OpenGL renderer, which could limit their engine options. At the least if they are going to be needing to setup a build environment for something that *can* but doesn't necessarily compile easily on Linux and Mac and then work through all sorts of difficult issues then they might as well go with an engine that is already being built and used on all three platforms to begin with. Otherwise they are just trading one set of pain for another. But than again I pledged for No Mutants Allowed bar to be in game with open tabs document with names of those who pledged :) @SSX gratz m8! I sure envy you.... @cyclooctane This game is already WILL BE on linux. Better to vote about linux version of other games here. This user's account has been deleted. @SSX - wow, that was fast :) Almost at 1.5 million. As a linux user and a gamer PLEASE make this game for linux as well :) Nice one SXX. I will be sure to blow you away from sheer jealousy ;) @Adrian. Yeah Fallout Tactics engine is actually quite good! But also I must say that the way new XCOM is going look so far good - with the glam cam esp! Good feature that can be easily shut down if somebody does not like it. Silent Storm engine was quite nice, with ragdoll physics and destructible environment. MUAAHAHAHAHAH!!! I GOING TO BE A %%£$£ NPC!!1 @Adrian the reason that it looks not so good is that the screenshot is using amateur assets. Obviously inXile can produce better assets with whatever engine they go with. Looks like the very desirable 1000$ pledge has one spot available again. I think it won't stay this way for long:) Apparently InXile has done games with Unreal Engine, so that is a possibility They all ready have the knowledge on how to work with it and it is a flexible engine. Unigne is interesting as well and it is cross platform. This user's account has been deleted. FIFE looks like shit. What they should to _at the very least_ is use Micro Forte's engine for Fallout Tactics, I think it's called Phoenix. But still, I hope they go for more modern engine with their special art direction on top of it. No to FIFE engine, need a modern day engine, not ITECH 5 or anything buy still modern New Tex Murphy game Kickstarter funding to start soon: <url>#!/BrianFargo/status/182310203096698880/photo/1 The distinct locations will be where the action and focus is at, filler buildings and pointless atmosphere are non-elements and should be avoided. The map needs to be an overland transit map with map objects like fallout 1/2, not a captive world with static assets. What I mean with best possible solution isn''t the graphics itself, but the map size of wilderness and towns. It's easier to create largers areas with 3D than pre-rendered assets. You can also create more complex spaces as well with more ease. @Alfred Seet : this all depends on the prince of darkness (EA). they hold the rights to wasteland 1 and i really doubt they're gonna a lift a finger. @Alfred Seet Not sure about IOS but you can run it on android in dosbox. @Nicholas Russell This is the internet. If his information were really private I wouldn't have found it so easily. Naming and shaming is a time honored tradition of the internet. Will we ever see Wasteland 1 on IOS? @Sean - I just prefer to remain as informed as possible about where my money is going and what I'm getting into. Still, I'd argue I'm possibly one of the most positive people here since, despite knowing these truths, I'm still handing inXile my 50 dollars based almost purely on faith alone. Still, I'd be worried a bit about going with the whole "post his private information for all to see" thing as that could easily be seen as you inciting a riot since it essentially paints a big giant public sign saying "this guy is a thief who deserves to be flogged. Go hunt him down at this address." He may deserve it but I just don't see it ending well for anyone who either posts the information or decides to act on it, especially when money the likes of which appears on Kickstarter is concerned. @Kyle Haight - Ah, you don't like my choice of words. Very well, it's a system where a person's stuff is recognized as their stuff rather than being someone else' stuff. As stuff includes property, weapons, money, and other items that typically lead them to holding greater power in a community than those who don't have as much stuff as they do this directly means it's also a system where a person's power is recognized, with the more stuff in this sense that they own meaning the more power that they have. My appologies for poorly choosing my words here. But if you really want to get into the nitty gritty of what is capitalist and socialist here the entire concept of the U.S. was socialist once the founding fathers decided a system of government for all of the colonies was needed where the majority of power rested in the hands of a distinct and numeric minority of people, or the elected officials that the common man decided to concede their personal power to. Relatively shortly after the founding of this nation the social institution of taxation to pay the U.S.' debt to their allies during the revolutionary war, namely France, was institued and stands as another example of how the U.S. was socialist well before a text book definition of its status was written for social studies classes to enjoy. @Roman Bakman - I applaud you sir for giving advice every single person reading these comments should follow. Reality is always better than fantasy when it comes to stuff like this. @Mathew. i find generally the lack of legal knowledge, lack of cogent legal advice and incorrect use of legal terminology is a giveaway. @Sean good point... a) do your research before becaming a backer. if you just go blindly back this and that its YOUR and only your fault you will get screwed eventually. grow some brains. b) about this specific project, Brain Fargo is a Legend, he been in the industry over 30 years, he is very known and has a very good reputation, its safe to say he will not run anywhere and we will get what we put our money on. I'm debating upping my pledge to $250 from $150 after I get back from vacation next week. I really kinda want the Ranger Medal to wear on my duster to cons and silly events like that. ; ) Autographs and another copy of the game would be awesome too. From there I don't think I can double down to get the survival kit as intrigued as I am by it... @Mathew Barker Read the agreement. Kickstarter will not involve itself in backer/project creator disputes. period. They saw this coming. The solution is obvious though, just post the guy's personal information on a public forum. As an agent for people investing in these projects Kickstarter is partially to blame. Someone will call them on it eventually. I know something like that would make me stop group financing. Interresting stuff but please get back to topic. Yay nearly 1.5 mill well done so for keep backing pll. still so exited about this. @Nicholas Russell - Um, no. Capitalism is a system of social organization based on the recognition of individual rights, including property rights, in which all property is privately owned. That's all. The United States is not actually a capitalist system today; although it came close in the late 19th century it has been a mixed economy for almost a century now, combining significant elements of freedom with substantial and generally increasing government intervention in both economic and personal decisions. People often mistake the modern United States for a capitalist system, but it's really more of a corporate fascism. Oh, and 'voting with your dollars' is a pretty common idiom to describe the process of rewarding people, groups or organizations of which you approve by directing your money towards them and away from those of which you disapprove. See, e.g.: <url>™ by ZionEyez HD Video Recording Glasses for Facebook Are you serious? These people deserved to get scammed. All -- there has been a lot of this discussion regarding the Zion Eyez project here. Basically, the con artists took everyone's money -- and disappeared. They are not responding to attempts to get information, and have not delivered any rewards -- and Kickstarters standard response has been 'so what?'. It's gotten to the point that the police are now involved in the issue. If there was no intent on the part of Zion Eyez to ever deliver, that's fraud. @Andrew Houghton How do you know you're not reading the comments of professional lawyers? @Nicholas Russell Well, somebody's a negative Nancy. I love reading legal discussions such as this. i am always amused by lay peoples understanding of the law. @Johnny 5000 - Actually no it doesn't because it isn't a legal agreement. It's just a button we all clicked on a website that no court of law in any country can look at and have a legal opinion of one way or another. Because of this lack of legal documentation we can't, say, call the police to have the staff at inXile arrested and brought up on charges. The only real legal agreement that we all did, as backers, was when we gave kickstarter permission to use our credit card information to take out funds from our accounts to pay kickstarter our pledged backing. Or in other words we essentially said "here's my cash, thanks for the promise" to the middleman between us and inXile and are hoping they'll stay true to their word here. inXile still is under no obligation besides the risk of a slightly injured reputation to give us anything though, and as important as reputation can be it's not something we can bring before a judge or magistrate. The only real actionable thing that can be done is to backers who choose to back out of their contract with kickstarter after the funding due date has past by withhold the amount they promised to pay. Under this we can go to jail or be sued because of the credit card agreement but even still nothing can be done against inXile. @Mike - Perhaps one day people will view the reality of this and not get their hopes too high. 'Til then it's good to know I'm not the only one out there who realizes just what he's getting into with Kickstarter. @mindx2 - I have absolutely no idea what you're talking about. I mean the concept of voting is a political, specifically democratic or republic, one where every individual gets to excersize political power through throwing their support behind a certain candidate, bill, and/or amendment. True capitalism isn't even in contrast to that, it's an economic idea based around the concept of every man for himself. The main goal is in trying to draw out as much money, stuff, and power for yourself as you possibly can and destroying anyone, be they man or political system, who gets in your way. It's why "capitalist" governments like the U.S. are more a hybridization of that philosophy and more socialistic ideas, like for instance social security, a public postal service, public schools, and everything else that citizens pay their tax dollars for without, necessarily, ever enjoying the benefits of. I mean where exactly you came up with that concept just boggles my mind man. Amazing. Double Fine was at an average of $35 right about now, but inXile is at an average of $52. I am so glad at the response innovative/old school games are getting on Kickstarter. It seems like games today are judged first and foremost on the number of vertices which can be pushed on the screen. Satisfying story and gameplay seem to be secondary, or even inconsequential to the selection of what will next be produced. Granted, there are notable exceptions, but for the most part they appear to be a rehash of a previous best-selling effects-driven bonanza. I grew up staring wistfully at an ad for Wasteland which had been in a now long-forgotten other game's box. I wasn't able to get my hands on Wasteland then, but am really looking forward to this one. At the time, games couldn't get away with snagging an audience only with glitzy graphics (although they were always as good as the times would allow). Maybe it's just my rosy-eyed reminiscing, but even simple games seemed to provide deeply rewarding and rich gameplay experiences. Those games managed to get the audiences required to make gaming what it is today. I can't fathom why the major studios are unable to see that there is a demand for something more than formulaic clones. I think that's ignoring a quiet, but important segment the gaming population. It's time to get the pendulum swinging the other way. So all this to say: Way to go inXile, wish you all the best, and am looking forward to October 2013! I estimate it should only take another 1,388 backers to reach the $1,500,000 mark. The total number of backer will need to be roughly 28,628 Oh hell yes :D This will be freaking awesome!!! @Andrey - Brian tweeted an hour ago that he was working on a new update post, don't know if that will include more milestones though. so maybe its just me, but im pretty sure we need new milestones. @Johnny5000 Sellecting a reward level is a contract that is legally binding, but it is only binding to $900000.00 dollars. inXile can take the remainder and do with it as they please without having to compensate the backer any more than what was offered. However, as stated in the Kickstarter video all contributions will be put into the Wastland 2 project, and none will be taken personally. As the donations go up funders are accepting those conditions and thusly creating another contract. We know it's a contract because inXile is accepting payment for the proposal. Legal action can be taken against inXile if they fail to fullfill the contract, but it can only be a class action suit,( I'm not suing for $65.00) Unfortiunatly Kickstarter has no auditing process to ensure the money is being used how it is supposed to. As long as we get our swag inXile can do as they please with the money. on that note I hope they use the extra funds to add in 3d and more andimation to the game. @Nicolas Russell: Though Kickstarter cannot be held liable for the actions of a Project Creator, Project Creators are nevertheless ____> Important Part wholly responsible for fulfilling obligations both implied and stated in any project listing they create. @Nicolas Russell: Are you really sure, that they are under NO Obligation to Deliver? _ Doesn't the Act of Selecting a "Reward" for a "Pledge" imply a Contract-Relationship? Duck and Cover are taking questions on their forum for Brian Fargo, so if you have anything you want to ask him, go here - <url>"USE THIS AND ITS BAD" can do nothing. Let everybody show their opinion ;) This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. @mindx2 - Word. It's amazing what can happen when people are free to figure out innovative ways to pursue their values and then act on them. @Nicholas Russell - I don't think we really disagree. Money is (or should be) a means, not an end in itself. But in a sophisticated division-of-labor economy it's an indispensable means, and Kickstarter is just another means to that means. Or, as you put it, "the act of supporting projects that backers believe in" -- to which I would simply add, "supporting by way of giving them money". You are entirely correct to point out that backing a Kickstarter is not like buying a game off the shelf. There is a continuum of risk. If you buy a game that already exists, you run a risk that you won't like it. If you pre-order, there's the additional risk that the game that ships will have problems that aren't apparent during development. If you Kickstart there's even more risk -- the project might outright fail and never ship anything. Backing a Kickstart is more like being an investor than a customer, and investors sometimes lose their money. @SXX it's fine if you voice your opinion but some people act like "THIS IS MUST!!" "USE THIS ENGINE!" "2.5 IS HORRIBLE" that is very bad attitude. @Cattleclysm Wow, why so nervous? Investors can't control developers, its dependent on rules, right here investors just ask for reward but not development control. But anyway we all allowed to ask about our ideas because Fargo ask about input :) I don't want limit developers somewhere! In general it is investment platform where you could get something if project goes to be finished. Reward its you profit :) If you just give money and doesn't ask for reward - its donation. :) Stop acting like as if you're an investor people. You're only entitled to get your reward. Don't try to boss developers on their project. You have your opinion, but writing things like "IT MUST BE ISOMETRIC" vs vs is really silly attitude. You're not game designer, don't act like one. @Mike But anyway kickstarter it not just donation. As minimum because its work not like donation. Its kind of pre-order, but with some part of risk. @SXX well whatever you want to call it, you have to make sure people don't back projects thinking they are guaranteed to get something for it. I'm just saying that goes for every project, not directed at this one. @Sébastien Barbieri FreeBSD and DOS versions? :) I think we will see after game vision document release. There is twit somewhere: new video will be released in Friday, so we need to wait. I think Brian choose Friday to be sure that is porting tier will be broken. 80k to go for the Linux & Mac version!!! Great! What if we reach 2M$ ? @Mike Its not just donation. Project starter need to get reputation risks and that is huge risk for company like inXile. If they failed project it will be much bigger reputation damage than created, but bad game. Oops my comment was supposed to be @Nicholas @Kyle it's good to always remind people of that fact, that they might get absolutely nothing when they back a project. When I tell others about a project here, I make sure to specify that it's not like a pre-order or something, it's a donation and it's always possible nothing will come of it. As much as I want people to contribute, I want them them to fully understand how Kickstarter works. 3000 GET? @Nicholas - We are "voting" with our wallets... supply and demand... capitalism without the corporation. Iso-metric all the way! @Kyle Haight - Except that there really is no garuntee here that we'll recieve anything from this production. All inXile has done is promised those games and bonuses you take as a given, they aren't under any legal obligation to actually deliver. As there is no legal way to punish them for choosing not to reward those who pledged their money, or no real power for the victims if they should choose to take the money and run (something I doubt they'll do highly but is still a reality worth considering) the items you mentioned as the sole money-less element simply don't exist. The real truth here is that Kickstarter wouldn't exist without that motivation you pass off so quickly. This service is here because someone couldn't find funding for their ideas in a more traditional setting. Without the motivation from backers to support and see these projects through to promised fruition there would be no money made for either the small time developer looking to create a new game or kickstarter itself. Philosophically and in practice this service really isn't about money as it is, instead, the meaning behind that money, or the act of supporting projects that backers believe in. @Antti Vainionpää One of reasons why I love The Witcher 1 it works on Aurora Engine and have lot of animals like dogs, cats chicken, mouse... birds... In low-detail 3D game (all 3d games have low count of details in comparison of 2d rpg) animals make world much realistic. But I don't think that is possible in this setting. Will there be cats? I want cats everywhere and when I travel I want to encounter with some phucking cats in herds and they will be like "meow, meow" and some phacking mutant cats also as a leaders of groups.. @Kyle - Capitalism at it's best! Let my dollars do the talking. I (and many more apparently) choose to let our dollars fund this game rather than spending it on other CoD clone or quasi- FPS/ RPG corporate piece of %*@#! I get to decide and that's capitalism!! No fans of the blood sausage? Hahaha, I wanted one but didn't have the 2.5k to spare. Add those to the $100 pledges, and we'll both be happy! @Emanuel Mayer o_O You know you want it, so what are you waiting for? O_o =)) @SSX - Time will tell, one way or the other. I'd prefer that you be correct, I just don't believe it. But I'll hope to be proven wrong by events. @Nicholas Russell - Kickstarter certainly is about money. It's a for-profit company whose business model is built around helping other people raise money. What makes it exciting to people like us (well, me at least) is the way it enables people to raise money for types of projects that previously had trouble doing so, i.e. it improves people's access to money. The only sense in which it is not about money is the motivation driving the contributors: we expect to take our profit in the form of games and bonuses, not cash. @SXX: dont make me weak with the Banner Saga o_O (i am drooling right now o_O) I'm sure that the Mac and Linux version get funded. There's still 27 days time left. Cmon guys! Give us those Mac and Linux versions! :D I'm okay either way though, I'm proud just to be a part of this project :) @Kyle Haight - I'd have to disagree with your logic there. Posting "Shut up and take my money!" as your evidence for kickstarter being only about money is like me spending the next few weeks spamming "I like swiss cheese turkey melts!" and claiming Wasteland 2 is, in reality, all about a new Subway sandwich deal. Besides, it really isn't about money more so than the use of it. This new fundraising model is all about giving people who would never get a dime from more traditional publishers and distributors a chance to see their dreams come true through the support of the average joe. Sure the actual act is just us throwing our money at these guys but the meaning behind that act is what defines what Kickstarter is all about. @Tynblade I think it was safe after game were funded, but I believe this project should get 2.5 millions. I think it's safe to say that Mac and Linux people will have their version. 27,000 backers! The Banner Saga just was 100% funded! <url>"meh" games they do (actually like anything that gets in EA hands). inXile made a great Bard's Tale but after that...nothing. Some iOS (meh!) games and Choplifter HD (sorry guys, but it's so awful). Dunno. But i really want to believe in Brian. I want to believe that it's still possible to make something like from golden era of PC gaming. Not a FPS with rudimentary RPG elements like ME. Not an empty copy/past-fest like DA2. Not a disgrace of all Final Fantasy series (13-2 if you don't get it). Or what EA did with Syndicate... So mr. Brian you have my support among other people. And since this is a great opportunity to get something signed by my idol that will be 250$ at least (too bad that my sibling will definitely kill me if i donate 10k =( ). You have my faith with that money. jay next you know we'll have kickstarter for lawsuits :/ @Cattleclysm We can took his sleeping bag so... @Charles I think he could be homeless now :P He'd only try to bring out World of Fallout Sims Duty with the money. oh bounty..no problem then! @Charles I don't think he have lot of property... I know I'm being childish and for that I apologize. Does anyone want to start a Kickstarter Project? It would be a bounty on Herve Caen. For a $15.00 Pledge you get an apology letter handwritten. A $10,000 pledge would give you all his personal property etc.. I'd back Freespace 3 so fast... even better if I could be part of it with a dying scream or something. =P Want to know why Interplay is in the state it is now? <url>#!/BrianFargo/status/182168804313415680 Also I will be putting a new video out this Friday. It will be hard to top the first one but we will have some fun with it. @Charles Middleton -- More interested in a Freespace revival, but Descent wouldn't be bad at all. As well guys, forget about one cool link: <url>#!/BrianFargo/status/182160155826323456 Exclusive: Brian Fargo of InXile talks Wasteland 2 Kickstarter success: <url>"ask" option. I don't sure Fargo read everything in FB or twitter, but inXile always read messages on kickstarter I think it will be okay if you ask redirect your question to Fargo :) Just pledged support to this title. Seeing as how Mac OS X support is nearly in reach I figured I could safely join in now. This game sounds like a great idea. Can somebody with a twitter account ask what Fargo is planning to do in order to motivate us after 1.5M milestone? @Tim Bauer I'll dream about something like that, but might be I'm not so crazy for such things, or I just haven't 10k on my bank :D I've upped my pledge from 15 to 50, then to 75...and I am about to up it again to 100. Before the next 27 days are over I think I will have canceled my vacations plans for the summer and sold my fishing boat so I can get in on the 10 grand pledge... longest 27 days of my life... @Kyle Haight I think everybody should be little bit positive about it. If publishers doesn't give money for old-school games it doesn't mean they sell low amount of copies. E.g more than millions copies of Witcher 2 was sold only on PC, may be it is not old-school RPG, but its not a project for children. I believe that is real to make more than 250,000 copies if game will be real cool >_< @Danny Mitchell I don't think your sales numbers are realistic, sadly. I'd expect sales numbers on the order of hundreds of thousands of copies at best. Conservatively, assume they sell 250,000 copies and turn a profit of $20 per unit. (Remember they do still have expenses, even with digital distribution.) That's $5 million -- still enough to self-fund a sequel, but not enough to buy a private island and green-light the plan for world conquest. @ Charles middleton-Can't speak for all russians,but when I went there in 96,the Russians were disappointed I didn't know how to play it,(rather played badly)and they soundly whooped my ass.So its a bet some of them still wanna play! @Konstantin I don't see how the conclusion follows. At its core capitalism is about the idea of voluntary trade, which is exactly what Kickstarter is doing. Certainly I'm about as hard-core a capitalist as one is likely to find and I think this is fantastic. (And for those who think this is somehow not about money, I suggest grepping the comment feed for the phrase "Shut up and take my money!" You'll find a lot of matches.) Creative destruction for the win! Very excited to see how Wasteland 2 is developing into our wildest dreams! It seems every time I pick up a brand new game, I dabble with it for a while, until my thoughts return to what I think was The Golden Age of games. Thanks for bringing that age back! I remember back in the getting a Demo disc out of a gaming magazine that had Descent on it. Played through the demo and was hooked. I know it's a completely different genre, but anyone have any interest in a good ole Descent revival? :) "I used to be an adventurer like you, but then I took a plasma bolt in the knee" @ssx.Thanks for the links.Did some homewrok.good to know about the old school. cool, brian told us on twitter that there are 3 endings of the game, who are the same despite the different colors, pink, red and silver!! that's gonna be freaking cool xD Glory to the Hypnotoad! I can't believe refreshing this page is more fun than playing TOR and D3 [both of which I cancelled in disgust] Linux guys and gals must be bouncing up and down for 1.5. Oh and the apple ones too :p @David Holmin Not my one, but I really not remember who did it. Some good guy from this comments :) 1,412,666 Way to go! @SXX - You, Sir, are a Scholar and a Gentleman. @SSX Cool graph :) @ilya feldshteyn You're welcome! I just want to keep some people going into discussion process! :) @SXX - You Sir, are a hero. Thank you Add your ideas and vote: <url>#16/e=1f7176 Vote about extra funding usage: <url>£&*%! :) pledge course of linux support and the idea of getting again games produced with love and not with money in mind :) This user's account has been deleted. @Marc Beyer If you agree I ask you to support linux version for this project: <url>´ve played but I have played Fallout and that is one of the best games ever made. Stackpole has written some of the best SW books I´ve read. For me there wasn´t a question if I would contribute or not but how much money I could afford. I really like this Kickstarter thing but unfortunely I cannot pledge to them all, I hope to contribute to this <url>´s been ages since a really good Tactical Shooter was released, almost all games i like have been "dumbed down" so much that it they present no real challange. Just pledged what I could afford, cause the world needs more Linux games :-) This user's account has been deleted. @William Tucker They need to have more updates and more info about future game so more people will make kind a pre-order here. Kickstarter going to eat all my money in this month, so much awesome project I want to support, but prefer to support this one in general. I need special limitation in profile, like in online casino :D ...and if I'm right I'll up it with $50 :D @SXX They do better in a day than I do in a year. Plus, in the last few days it will really jump again. 3225 more backers to $1.5M (another $93k) gives approx. $29 per backer and someone wrote earlier that the average so far was around $50. we'll get $1.5M first. I'll up mine $10 if I'm wrong :) Ok I will bet on 1.5 mil pledges, up my pledge for $10 if I fail.. :D 30000 of backers. Lets bet, what come first: 30,000 of backers or $1,500,000 of pledges? So for yeasteday something like $41k, not really bad :) <url>#!/BrianFargo/status/181042718670192642 Waiting for vision document by Fargo, but probably we need to wait more than week :) I just love numbers! Numbers numbers numbers! :D This user's account has been deleted. No need for any more milestones, no need for daily and hourly updates, what is needed it to give Brian and team some breathing room so they can start focusing on making the game. Go Brian! :-) $1.4 million!!! 100k til final milestone. C'mon folks, let's get there!! This user's account has been deleted. Hooray! And yes, definitely need more milestones. The project hasn't been updated nearly enough in my opinion - Order of the Stick updated every day, it gained them a massive boost in popularity. Yayness! :) I agree with Linus, we need another goal, perhaps at $2M. there it goes. :) happy 1.4 mil! It seems that $1.4M is just seconds away. Since the last milestone is just $100K away, maybe defining a new milestone would motivate more backers to donate to the cause? I'm afraid the donations might decrease once there are no more milestones to reach. @charles... or this one (which looks like it will definitely get funding now): <url>#!/BrianFargo @Cyborgasm: oops, you're right. Both boxes, then. @Wren yep, this is the place.....give $10K if you can :-P @cyborgasm numbered collectible coin too @Chris nothing wrong with that :-) If we all contribute the best we can this game is going to rock I wish I could have afforded to get more than the $30 pledge, but I just got a new job after being unemployed for 5 months. But I cannot wait for the game and the soundtrack by Mark Morgan! :) The $150 pledge includes a box and a collector's box.....that's why I listed both This is where i donate for battletoads right? @Cyborgasm: though I guess the collector's edition box replaces the "normal" box. @Cyborgasm: seems about right. @SSX: since all rewards include the previous ones, anything >= $75 includes the beta test. @Cyborgasm Hard question, seems like its goes to be too much copies of game, but strange if 250 tier not contain beta test. I echo dhondon's and several others thoughts ... they team made a great game last time I defer to their judgment for this one. A forum is a great idea for suggestions and suggestions only. Who decides who is the hard core gamer and who isn't. When you try to please everyone you end up not pleasing anyone. Mr. Frago follow your vision and you won't go wrong. So I'm trying to figure out what I'm getting at the $250 pledge range....I came up with the following: Quirky skill digital soundtrack WL2 concept art book novella pt. 1 novella pt. 2 beta test boxed copy WL2 faction badge name in credits 2x digital d/l WL2 poster ranger medal of honor signed collector's edition box This cover it? Who doesn't love a game that has a golf course with land mines, I mean COME ON! Can't wait! <url>#!/BrianFargo/status/181911509922873345 Russian fans support you too Fargo! Make a great RPG game :) Isometric, top down, turtles, mugwumps, black giant centipedes...... It doesn't matter. Brian Fargo knows what he's doing. I consider some games ( like Wasteland) art. If someone tells me what to paint, I give the the finger.I got the feeling that this man has put years of thought into this dream. I'm sure this game will be great:) Follow your inner voice Mr. Fargo. What makes an awesome game? Turtles. W2 must include turtles. $105,930 left to go Wooot! People should understand that the forums are for fan input, but the team must stay true to their own visions and make the game they feels is right. When they're unsure about something, they might ask the fans, but the forums aren't for deciding each and every aspect of the game. They haven't made any statement whatsoever claiming that fans have total control through community input. If the team always listened to the fans instead of being true to their vision, the result would most likely be a poor and chaotic game without vision. You should see yourselves as some kind of crowd-advisor. I say we hit 1.5 mil Wednesday =). Early morning. @Fishos The answer is as subjective as the problem. What makes an awesome game? Is it that it looks so pretty? Does that (GoW3, Skyrim, ME3 and so on) really look pretty? Will people want/buy a game that doesn't look like that? This game won't look like that. It will look modern and it will look nice, but it won't look like that. That look, that over-rendered committee designed look is what's driving up the cost of these projects and sucking away effort from content. For a game like this, content is king, and that's what makes it a rebellion from the studio committee cost/benefit budget analysis crowd. @ET3D - Tablet perhaps but, speaking also as a former reviewer of iPhone games who dealt with the whole gamut of quality for that platform, from brilliance like the original Chaos Rings to money sucking turds such as Fruit Blast, making any PC game, especially one that revolves around as many cumbersome menus as this game will if they stay true to their roots, isn't simply a port job. You're either stuck trying to make it work with a digital d-pad for menu selection or redesigning the whole thing so that the menus can be selected via touch. The former is such an aweful choice, from shrinking the on screen action and menu options down to nearly impossible to understand size just to fit the digital buttons to the normal aggravating horrors involved with this interface choice, that really we're all better off without an iPhone port if that's what the game'll be stuck with and the latter will mean changing the entire interface to accomodate people no matter how big their hands and fingers are, an option which will mean reducing the quality and size of the images on an already small screen as well as expanding the text and button sizes just to make it work. And this is just the ideal platform I'm talking about here, I'm not even going into the headache that non touch screen phones with analogue buttons will entail. In both cases you still have the essence of the game diminished, specifically by either making the on screen action so small it's annoying to try and look at or by, through the game's design, having the it cause so much frustration that people will wish they'd never even heard of Wasteland 2. No, I just don't see it working without having to scream "Why?!?!" every five minutes in an attempt to keep myself from destroying my very expensive phone via throwing it into a wall. @Fishos - They will have enough with just 900,000 even if they venture the risk of making this in the Baldur's Gate style of graphics. That kind of stuff isn't expensive. The real cost comes when you're trying to make something more realistic looking, where every detail has to be depicted. If $2 million is such a tiny percentage of money of what they actually need to make a game, how are they going to make an awesome enough game with it??! Someone please calm me down!! I'm worried!! @SXX According to their Wikipedia page they have 200 employees. Then again video game companies are very fluid and adjust staffing according to needs, so the actual number is probably constantly changing. It's not like this is the only project the entire company will be working on. @Sean inXile isn't such small company, they definitely have more than 30 employees, so its cost some money to keep in business. I mean $2 million is lot for kickstarter, but extremely small money for middle size gamedev company. It's a smaller team so the money goes further. There's also a lot of bloat in mainstream publishing, a chunk of it in the form of licensing fees because publishers seem to believe that new intellectual property will scare consumers as if they we're small children or something. @Zilfin I sure any money will be required because even 3 millions its really small money for one and half year of development cycle. So I think its awful to ask Fargo about some money, because company should float not only when some project going, but in other time as well. @Mike No, but I sure some extra money always helps as insurance. Game development its really non standard business where some things can take more time than planned. @Adrian @Christian The guy who created poll joined on March 5 2012. He can't be moderator. Don't be silly. @Mike No.. The $100k was going to be added if we met $900k but not the initial $1,000,000. @Mike 900k was essential 1m was actual goal 1.25m is first milestone 1.5m is second milestone. Long live Wasteland, Fallout and Brian Fargo! lol So when they asked for $900k, the final $100k was going to be added after, correct? The other "goal" was $1.5 million. Does that mean that when it hits $1.4 million it has actually reached $1.5 million total? @Christopher. Only mods and admins of inXile can make polls. @Adrian; are you sure the poll was started by a moderator or any kind of affiliate of inXile? The one i saw looked like just some random poster who threw one up. @Adrian Lie down and let the guy make the game as he pleases in hardcore way. I'm willing to bet Brian Fargo has this webpage open at all times on his desktop with it auto-refreshing every 60 seconds or so. I know I would. @Cattleclysm. I like the way you try to play smartass with me. Would you please educate me on this subject then? Why is it that they stress the fact that they want the fanbase to actively participate in the process from _start_ to -> _finish_, if they have already *figured it out* in these interviews? I guess there is no point in having forums either then? Why do they bother making a poll if top down perspective is set in stone then? Here, reread this part: "We will nail down all of this soon but it is critical we make the hardcore happy with this title." Read before commenting, because it is useful. Obviously Brian sees isometric as a form of top down, which is fine with me. :) It seems some people are reading "top down" too literally, e.g. as in Gauntlet (the original). "Brian: I hesitate to give too much definitive information on this only because I don't know what our final budget will be and I need more fan input. Clearly we are going top down and that it is likely to be isometric in nature. Some game engines have you bake the assets first which can give a better look while others have you render on the fly and give more latitude with camera work, and we are looking at several options here. I would imagine we will offer some different perspectives when it comes to dialogue but again it is a bit early for me to guarantee anything yet. We will nail down all of this soon but it is critical we make the hardcore happy with this title. I'd rather make a smaller dedicated fan base ecstatic than worry too much about the larger audience. " Read before commenting, because it is useful. Adrian, I don't think giving that kind of choice to users is wise. Anyway I'm sure they already have a good idea of the game they want to make and that is the only game I want to play. @Cattleclysm I'd place the odds that the game has a top down view at 1:1,000,000 @Joshua I believe it's standard movie poster size, whatever dimensions that would be. @Adrian That is very silly poll, you guys start reading Brian's interviews. @That-guy, indeed. And as Karl Zylinski points out in that thread, the switching option with top down AND isometric together is a waste of resources. My opinion: focus on Isometric only and make it awesome. Once again guys, it is very important that you all vote, because we need to show the developers what the majority wants for Wasteland 2. Go here and cast your votes: <url>"Myth: The Fallen Lords." Probably not necessary but would still be a fun design. Would sure make picking up loot easier when it drops behind an object! Head over wasteland forums or ask Brian Fargo on twitter. Any estimates on the dimensions of the Wasteland 2 Poster at the $150 tier? BACKERS! This is important: Isometric Vs. Top Down poll is now open on the official forums: <url>#!/KarlZylinski/status/181858455378853888 Go go go! The more people that know about this, the more money it gets, the better the game will be! Let's just focus on Wasteland 2. They'll release enhanced editions of first two before doing third game. Don't hold your breath. My only explanation is that I died , went to Heaven and haven't noticed yet ! Yeap !! That's it ! *Baldur's Gate 3 kickstarter appeared* ouch,my wallet! And now BeamDog is thinking about funding Baldur's Gate 3 in the future using Kickstarter... <url>´s Firaxis. I´ve been playing their games for... oh god, more than 2 decades, and they still manage to "renew" their games without losing what made them great. Civ, Pirates!....I have real faith on that game and I just wish Syndicate would have had the same type of "double release" alongside the lacklustre FPS Please let there be a real Star Control 3 kickstarter. @ Umbrae Star control yes! There are a couple of X-Com inspired open source games. I just downloaded one and will try to play it tonight. I would back a Star Control sequel for sure! Syndicate was a major fail, and I hope they lost more money that John Carter the movie did. It was awful and I hope all the developers wore bags on their heads while making it. XCOM Enemy Unknown should be cool. Firaxis seems a pretty solid studio that still knows how to do turn based games. But we shall see. I would like to see another MechWarrior game too. They had some awesome turn based strategies on that too. Xenonauts looks very interesting too. Funded by gamers for gamers! Next stop, a real Star Control sequel. Fred Ford and Paul Reiche take note! Talking about XCOM, the new turn based XCOM: Enemy Unknown looks interesting. Hopefully Firaxis and 2K don't ruin what made XCOM so additively fun. Do any of you remember the Roadwar 2000 and Roadwar Europa games? Another Turn based game, Same Post Apocalyptic genre as Wastland, but with more Strategy, Vehicle combat and larger parties. @Jordan Trais After think about this some more, I don't believe that a turn based system would be all that difficult to implement on a console with the right UI. Its not as if this is an Real Time Strategy Game. I have seen Real Time Strategy games successfully implemented on consoles. But according to Rhys Corlett the real problem with the console version would be the liscensing, etc... needed to release this to the console. Just don't mention Syndicate, not only did they turn it into a FPS they turned it into a crappy FPS @Rhys Corlett, Good Comments. I agree 100%. Well almost I guess, I did like the Fallout changes. Not that I wouldn't love a traditional RPG in that world, but they did a good job with Fallout that was very respectful the the original and added some nice gameplay tricks to the 1st Person RPG. XCOM is another animal. An FPS is stupid with that franchise and it will not survive it. Hopefully Fraxis will do a good job of their version of the true turn-based classic. I have played all the UFO series games just to fill the void when XCOM disappeared, and that is some dedication. @Rhys Corlett Trying to play the super basic version of Civ on my 360 with a controller was maddening. It was so slow and clumsy compared to a mouse and keyboard. Now you let me hook a mouse and keyboard up to a console and I'd be closer to agreement. The console control scheme does not fit certain game play styles as well as the direct control of a mouse and keyboard. That is what I like about this being funded by Kickstarter. Hopefully the vision of "By Gamers for Gamers" remains true and that the Marketing Weenies don't get their tendrils into things if this seen as a success. I also agree with you regarding the fear of Casual PC gamers turning this into a mindless post apocalyptic farmville. Hopefully Brian Fargo and crew are not spoiled by success and wealth to give up their vision. @Joseph Urbanek I think they are a great fit... but more importantly, they have also have less licensing fees and auditing to go through. I'd love it on my android. inXile can do them with very little risk. Frankly, the biggest risk to the game isn't mobile versions or casual console gamers... it's the casual PC gamers over on the forums asking for Bioware style romances, a single player avatar rather than a team or Bethesda style player houses. Again, chasing the mass market killed traditional roleplaying games - and it could happen to wasteland 2 even if a console version never happens. Rhys Corlett what are your thoughts on an iPad and Android Table Version after the PC, OSX and Linux versions? @Rhys Corlett. Everything you said. Great post. That’s a fallacy. I’ve played PC games for over 25 years, enjoyed the gold box series and Fallout 1/2, TOEE, Torment, Arcanum and every Ultima ever sit on my shelf.... right next to my 360 and PS3 games. At this stage in my life, consoles are just easier. And while people constantly claim that games are dumbed down for consoles, that’s not true. Games are dumbed down for the mass market, and the mass market happens to be on consoles. It’s not the same thing. Turn based games have survived even better on consoles, with jRPGs, card games, board games and turn based battle games all plentiful. I’m not thrilled that Xcom and Fallout went first person. Nor am I thrilled that most RPGs these days are glorified action games. But even if you were to make the assumption that the game’s directions were being driven by a console crowd who demand FPS/Action, you should just be grateful that RPG directions are not being driven by PC casual crowd who’d mix RPGs with facebook and the sims. There is no reason in the world that the 360/PS3 couldn’t have a port with all the complexity of the PC version. Both consoles have keyboards and support smaller indie efforts. The console can do Civ, and Command & Conquer, and those are about as fiddly as it gets. Now, having said all that, I don’t think they should do a console version. It costs too much in licencing fees, and the people who are supporting the kickstarter are supporting a PC game. Perhaps, if the PC version is a smash hit, they might consider it… AFTER the PC version is done. I agree with you that a game like this may be difficult to implement on a console, but an iPad and Android Tablet version would nice to have and easier to implement control wise. That is after the PC, OSX and Linux versions No consoles pls. usually that means dumbing the PC version because of the controls, interface, etc that are available on consoles. Nick Kaufer, I'll back you 100% on that statement, PC first THEN Console. $1.377mil and counting, AWESOME. Keep it up. Find it funny the console crowd are starting to want to play this too, sorry but your days of thieving off the PC are over! This user's account has been deleted. is there any turkish fan forum about wasteland 2 out there? Just raised it from $100 to $250. I think this game really deserves it. :) And I hope this game isn't watered down by console or mobile ports. Just do what Creative Assembly is doing with the Total War series: create console / tablet spinoffs, but keep the main series on PC. :) More money!! I so want a Linux client!! Seeing a lot of console discussion,and while I wouldn't mind seeing it on a console,it definately doesn't matter to me,I was just thinking he could expand his audience maybe,and that would bring in bucks. Just make it good.And if track records are things to go by..... Actually I think this tweet from the Brian, himself on March 15th pretty much says it all vis-à-vis his feelings on consoles: "Long live the PC!!!" Not seeing a lot of console love there. :p It's about time that REAL RPG's start being made again. Don't get me wrong, I enjoy some action games. They can be a lot of fun. But don't take a shooter, slap some RPG elements on to it, and then try to pass it off as an RPG. Because it's not. And the companies out there are ignoring all the demands of the players. The endless comments about how people want "classic" RPGs again. Turn based, character based, decisions, games that focus on the characters and how you build them and the choices they make. NOT just another hack-n-slash that happens to have gear or levels while everything relies solely no the player's skill (I'm looking at you Amalur). Brian Fargo is a god. Nuff said. Fargo's answer is exactly spot on. This is a computer RPG and not a console RPG. The interface will be keyboard and mouse. No controller. The audience is already defined. No need to change or add to it. Wow, this looks amazing, too. I love Kickstarter: <url>" 640x480 screen. That amount of text should be readable on a TV, IMO. Wasteland's text will certainly look huge on a TV. You good gentleman, have been backed. Just keep the kids killable and the **** bedable and I'm happy. @Umbrae I am also playing eve (I don't have problem with it but I am only 38 :)) I understand what you are saying but let me tell you that you still didn't play a game that will be like Wasteland 2 on consoles. Why? Because there are no such game on consoles. There is no way to show amount of text and choices and answers available let's say in Baldur's Gate or Planescape Torment on consoles.... That is just a fact. @Igor, Some of us have problems reading the text on PCs too. EVE Online is just a ploy to make me feel old and break down and buy bifocals. I like the bigger text on consoles and I play these on the same monitor I use for my PC and at the same distance. I think PC devs need to learn a lesson from consoles and meet in the middle for us aging gamers. Making a game on consoles that will have a lot of text is not possible due to the console resolution and the fact that you play on TV from the large distance. You would not be able to read a small text, and font would have to be larger that would lead to less text being written. That is the case with all the console games. You have maybe one to two line of the text... @ET3D I agree, we cannot fault the console group. Who we really need to fault is the game publishers. However, the console gaming industry has so dominated, that it really has edged out the PC games. Some would say that PC games were more complicated than console games in terms of their development since you had increasingly better hardware while console was rather fixed. It became a matter of money. People started to migrate more towards consoles because you are sure your game will work and publishers saw better revenues from console games. ET3D: The larger distance definitely makes a difference. Remember that if you design a game you have to/should think about the typical setup, not the best case scenario. The typical setup for a PC is a screen right in front of your face. The typical setup for a console is still around 720p on the other side of a room. I want to try to avoid writing a wall of text again, but I just want to say that it's not as easy as you think to avoid making accommodations for things like that. I'm admittedly just a hobbyist game designer, but I have some experience with the design process. You just feel bad about making a huge swath of text if you know it will be read on a TV, you feel bad if you make a complex, great, fluent inventory management system if you know someone will fiddle through it with a gamepad, and so on. Even if you don't plan on it, you make small changes, and those add up to big changes. This isn't a game that fits a typical console set up, and there are great risks of consciously or subconsciously making bad changes if you even consider it. I stand by that statement. @Sean Patrick Gallaty, the console crowd has little to do with why this game wasn't made. Unless by "console crowd" you mean "people playing on the PC who don't like the Wasteland type of game" (and these happen to be the majority). The "wrong audience" argument, I said before it could be. But unless you like it that way, why not give them the option? Do you tell someone "you like watching TV so I won't give you a book to read because it's pointless" or do you try to get them to read a good book? Why perpetuate the division? @mikaelolofsson - you are so right. He did mention that. ET3D: This is a game where you read things, and make decisions. The console crowd is exactly why this game couldn't be made for years. Wrong audience. Wrong platform. PC, Linux and MAC comes under same umbrella of development, easy to port. console, iOS, Android.... just no! If they want to make it, make separate kickstarter project.... let's see how new generation care for WL2 (and WL1) This user's account has been deleted. Agree - console version should not even be considered. I bought the last Bards Tale game years ago that InXile made in the PC version and sucked. Couldn't play it for more than an hour before removing from my hard drive. InXile should focus on PC for WL2. Lets bring back the old school RPG that made those early years of PC gaming so amazing. Just upped my pledge to the $75 level. @Marcus Bengtsson, I'm looking at consoles in the context of the original Wasteland, and I think it could be played there without a problem. A purist design which sticks closely to the original (allowing keyboard moves, same amount of text) would fit right in with a console. I think it's also a fallacy to say that consoles have low res displays. Consoles use same res displays as PC's. An 1080p HDTV has the same res as a common PC display and a 720p HDTV has the same resolution as most laptop screens. Sure you watch from a larger distance, and that can make a difference, but TV is not the limitation that it once was. You people really shouldn't be afraid of a possible console release. Fargo has stated that PC will be the main design platform, so it will be a PC game first and foremost, done with those conditions in mind. Other platforms, such as iPad, Android or consoles, are a possibility if they get enough money, just like Linux and Mac release are a possibility if they reach 1.5 million. There's nothing wrong with that. A few more words about consoles. Even if we ignore all the horrible streamlining that happens due to console market there are a couple of things I haven't seen implemented properly even once on these 'multiplatform' games. 1) Controls. Console ports feel horribly clumsy every time on PC. That alone kills any enjoyment in most games. 2) Inventory management. The whole inventory systems designed for consoles are just pure pain on PC where you could do the same thing a hundred times better but no, the games are ported on PC just as they are on consoles. In addition things like those scripted cover huggings in console shooters just make me see red and my blood pressure rockets sky high. If you hit the hug key you are 100% safe and if you don't the cover doesn't cover even your toes. Design solutions like these is why I don't usually buy full priced games anymore. Most games released these days are worth maybe 5€ in my book. So yes, I have high hopes for both Wasteland 2 and this fan based funding system. The annoying part is that you have to wait quite a while from backing to the completion of the project =) Just 170,000 console backers for $30 and game will have special console version :) @Yuriy Sokolov Why no? $8kk will be good one :D, more backers for game. :D Damn, please no tier for console version!!! ET3D - I'm sorry, but no. I don't dislike consoles or console gamers, but it's just a fact that not all devices are good for all things. And there are a lot of things throughout the design process that need to change if you want to make a game that will fit different types of systems. For instance, we rarely have much text in games anymore, and what text we do find is presented in a ridiculously large font, so it is never very long. This isn't just because the large audience of modern games is too lazy to read - it's also because of multi-platform releases. With consoles, you normally use a relatively low resolution monitor far away from your face (a TV you view from a couch). This is not good for text - so with most games being made to fit both PC and consoles the lowest common denominator will rule and a lot of text has to go. Controls aren't that big of a deal in a turn-based game like this - but it's still often a fact that complex games get simplified because analog sticks are less precise than mice and controllers have less buttons than keyboards. It's things like that - it's not just about graphics, it's about whole different design decisions having to be made all throughout the development process if you want to make a game enjoyable on both a TV/gamepad and monitor/mouse+keyboard. Games that just aren't good at one type of system should stay away from it - that's better for everyone. Otherwise people either get a bad port, or everyone gets a worse game. This particular game needs a lot of text and probably a lot of menus and commands, which is not enjoyable on a typical console setup. Joshua: In my opinion, it doesn't matter what people play on. As long as they are having fun. :-) Does anybody else see this PC vs. console nonsense like those play ground Mario vs. Sonic debates? When I was a kid I was playing one of the Bard's Tale games. I found a bug and I wrote a letter to Brian. He actually responded. I don't remember the bug or the response but I thought that was so cool. So 20+ years later I figure I'll give him 100 bucks =) Good luck with W2. Don't F it up. =) just as side note I've finished bard's tale 1 2 3 wasteland fallout 1,2, 3, and NV ET3D I don't want inXile to make console port. This is not what this project is about and why it is getting backed from so many old gamers. This is about restoring PC gaming as it was 20+ years ago. @Slarkki -- exactly. @ET3D -1 (please do a little homework) @Slarkki +1 (yep) @Slarkki, I don't see why console versions are bad. Console to PC conversions are usually bad because of control and graphics, but Wasteland 2 will not have state of the art 3D graphics anyway, nor a first person mouse controlled camera. So making it accessible on a console shouldn't be a big deal, and could introduce people to a new genre. It's possible that it won't sell a lot because it's different than standard console fare, but I don't think it will be bad to try. Linux version and Russian localization? It's awesome! Take my money =) Arf. I hope the ones who are asking for console versions are being sarcastic =) The reason this game may indeed rock hard is because it doesn't have to give a flying F about consoles. Console market is what has killed pretty much all creativity from the gaming industry. Well, that's my opinion anyway. The good thing about consoles has been the fact that we now have to upgrade our computers far less frequently. Never played wasteland....but I remember opening up that Fallout 1 christmas present back in (what was it? 98?) and I had no idea it was going to consume my life. Can't wait for this game! Nono you got it the wrong way round... We have to thank for the awesome games you made and will make! :D Thank you ! I am just replaying WL1 at work.... muahahahhahahaa what a great game! @Stanislav Budaev After $8kk tier :D Brian, can you add to plans development of console version? Anyway you need to ask them here by private mail. They always answer to questions like that. @Ben Henson I think they can put all platforms to the one disk. Game shouldn't be huge because of little voice over and no cut scenes, so that its shouldn't be a problem I think. I have pledged anyway, but if funding gets to $1.5 mil can I choose the platform my boxed copy comes on? @Mikael Olofsson You're welcome. I believe project homepage should have more link to important info. Because its strange when Fargo publish his post to blog first and it was published here just day after. Think projects should be bit active to get more pledges. So I've try to keep some information info and links in comments, it possible move more people into discussion. This user's account has been deleted. 25,500 backers :) Some Fallout related info... Timothy Cain talks about his early days in the vault and the influential game that finally emerged from it: <url>"stable",then double fine's,I still pretty much sure it won't break double fine's mark. I think by the end of this the project will be around 3 million. Got my pledge up to 50 @Dario Pietro Cova This game diffidently will be based on text with "some" voice, so you shouldn't care about that. I bet on 2.5 million or more. Double Fine have more fans from USA, and Fargo have really huge fan base arond the world. E.g in Russia lot of people doesn't have any credit card, so they go and open bank account specially to give some money here. So its take more time to get pledges of whole fans :) Please consider subtitles during animation scenes for the hearing Impaired! At least the english subtitles! * the "more realistic" number I meant to say,is not 100 per day,is between 24-100k I just hope I will remain study on 24-100K per day(more realistic number),so far the ratio is 'only' about 1.3 times less then double fine,if the ratio shall remain,the project will end around 2-2.5 million :-) I think just by one way: allow to get more digital copies instead of one. :) @Yngve Kvammen How they can improve digital edition more than include some content like art book or music? @SXX I was suggestion something for those who'd like something equivalent or close to a Collector's Edition reward, but Digital Downloadable without the physical parts (physical box and items) requiring them to add the 15 extra dollars for shipping costs and possible toll. I've read several comments here that the last 15 makes people feel its just that stretch too far to afford. @Scott M Bruner. I'm referring to the project creator options not the backer options. I've already increased my pledge once. And no you can't change them one someone has selected it not even by e-mail as @Johnny5000 suggested. It's one of the transparency rules. @Ziv Shamir Seems like that, so today Wasteland will raise more than yesterday's $50k it got 10K in few minutes a go.. how come it got another 10,000,but the 10K PLEDGE remain 10 people? @Yngve Kvammen Its seems to be something like 0-day DLC. 0-day DLC is very bad, like mouse-support-DLC. Game should be same for everyone: who paid 15 bucks or 10,000. Or what do you mean? What if they had Digital Deluxe Edition? A version that provided more than the standard edition, but without a physical box requiring toll and shipping. @Sella Thanks, I keep my pledge as it is, wanted to go for more but with this kind of taxes I think its counter intuitive :( Actually, i have no problem with the children. I do have a problem with the people who would ruin an RPG to "protect" them. Please make a game that is banned in 12 states and can't be legally distributed in the more restrictive countries. Add your ideas and vote: <url>#16/e=1f7176 Vote about extra funding usage: <url>"Super Poop". Sure it's not a game and it doesn't seem like it would be something you'd even remotely be interested in backing but it still has a connection solely because it exists, even as a concept, on Earth. Is that a good enough reason to send your pre-determined money the Super Poop development team's way or is it simply a pyramid scheme to drain your bank account and run? Who's to say? @Stingray depends what you define as modern. @Sean - the manage your pledge button will allow you to modify your pledge amount. @ Andrew Maizels "Someone needs to set up a Kickstarterstarter, where people can pre-pledge to projects that don't exist yet." Couldn't agree more... To make it worthwhile Kickstarter could hold the pledge request until a worthy person/team can justifiably prove they can fulfil the project scope. Most of us call that autosave, and it's not really from the "modern era". @Mike I find checkpoints are one of the few GOOD things form the modern era (as long as you can also safe at any point). 25000 backers and last one is @gilmoro We can max out the Red Bull stadium or an equivalent stadium then. 25000 capacity. <url>С радостью дал денег. С приветом из России! Are my eyes ok? Do I see just $175,000 left to 1.5 mill? @Stephan : Perhaps that would create to much overhead on the team. What is a guy wants to be a rubber "you know what" in some **** goody closet. Hmmm...there is an idea Sorry I meant 100. Stefan: I don't think that's a good idea. 1,000 is already a large number to "put into" the game. With such a backing, isn't it possible to increase the 1000$ slot to allow more people to become NPCs and such? Really hope theres a mac version. We don't need that much more... come on up your contributions!! Taxes are justifiable given there are returns (as is the case for our Scandinavian friends) but I find customs fees abhorrent, especially for individual purchases. I did add the $15 asked for international shipping -which was not there when I made my pledge initially, but hey- but I fervently hope that they print something under $75 on the box so that I don't have to deal with customs bureaucracy -which is a lot more pain than the actual fee. @infestor Me too, but I kinda like free healthcare and education... call me a redneck but i hate customs and high taxes. Cool short documentary with some nice real world inspiration for post-apoc environments: <url>€ you need to pay taxes for it (23%) and maybe customs fee (about 3%) and it does not matter whether the package is marked as a gift or as a merchandise. But you might get lucky, sometimes packages go through the customs without having to pay anything extra. ;) @akerz - Brian and InXile do not have the rights to Wasteland 1 unfortunately - from Brian's twitter feed - <url>#!/BrianFargo/status/181060577408462849 If you too much money ... think about a Wasteland 1 App? @Salla so Finnish people will have to pay 43E regardless? Just want to make sure. @Salla Yep, you only give permission to amazon to use the card, the amount only specified at the end of the project You can "manage your pledge" On the right (the blue square). :) You can change the amount of your pledge as many times as you want before this kickstarter project ends (29 days now) You are only being charged after this project is funded. ^^ ok thanks @maxztt thanks for the fast answer :) @Simon: It's your previous pledge amount + the amount you want to increase it by. Please consider an ipad version (if it's possible gamewise) if the money reaches enough hights or later on when the project is done and shipped! I pledged for $120 and am looking forward to get my hands on the special edition box :D Ohh.. And good luck :) @Cattleclysm, it's well known that the price is inversely proportional to the intelligence of the player. Therefore Wasteland 2 should be given for free. How to increas my pledge? Do I have to say I want to pay 15 dollar or my previous payment + the amount I want to increase? I really hope it costs more than that. Seeing how idiot game like MW3 can ask for 59.99. @Hatteberg Most big projects that cost $60 have a budget from $10M to $20M. This project will probably cost $20, and pre-production work is already underway. Indie games cost a small amount, for example this game costing only $1M. Kickstarter will be funding from April 24th on (After all money is finalized). There will be no way to donate after this Kickstarter ends. @Andrew Maizels Inception? 183k to go! I am confident that Brian Fargo and the gang will deliver an awesome, old school RPG gaming experience. I played Wasteland on the Commodore 64 and more recently on the PC. It is to this day my all time favourite game. Wastelands inspired me as a teenager to learn to code and to create my own games (two of which where published), it also was partly responsible for sparking my interest in the computer industry, in which I have made my career. As you may guess, I am very excited about this. Someone needs to set up a Kickstarterstarter, where people can pre-pledge to projects that don't exist yet. love to see a old school games come back - such as a Legacy of the Ancients, Deathlord, Legend of Blacksilver, Bard's Tale...etc.. But Wasteland 2 is a must...big time. Can't wait to see how things progress over the next 1.5 years until release. by gamers for gamers is back :) I loved reading the interview. thanks Brian Frago for sticking to your guns. @Katrina Krulla I know... i figure if they can do this for Wasteland ... why not M&M, completely hanging for something a little more complicated than Skyrim hack and slash fest. Oh 3DO and might and magic!! Good memories!! Please completely ignore ratings boards. 100% creative freedom! Any chance you guys know any of the people at Ubisoft who own the rights to Might and Magic ... I think a Kickstarter project to make Might and Magic X (10) with the same amount of love that 3DO put into VI (6) ... would be worth a shot, old school gamers unite. Extremely excited about this! Good luck with the game. +1 For OS X. @infestor (and other)> the problem with the idea of open-sourcing the engine is that it must be an in-house engine OR an already open-sourced engine. Considering the budget, I really don't think they'll go for the development of an in-house engine from scratch, it would suck too much of the monies. Then again, you don't always need an open-source engine to allow the development of mods and total conversions. Then again, please bear in mind that "open-source != free like in free beer". Brian and all the developing crew, good luck to your from Russia and Old-Games.Ru website! We hope the game will have the same feelings as old Interplay titles:) //Dimouse P.S. I hope it won't be the last resurrection of old Interplay titles. There are games like Lord of the Rings and The Lost Vikings that are crying to have a new life:) A lot of the cost of those big games goes to the 3D engine and art assets and console support. Isometric 2D is much cheaper, and it's relatively easy to port a 2D game across to Mac & Linux. The game will be on sale once it's finished, but you may not be able to contribute anything between the close of this drive and the game being completed. It's not gonna be some AAA title with the latest 3D engine and top of the line voice acting, nor will it require a massive marketing budget. That's how you save 10-100 million dollars. John Hatteberg It'll be old-school game. Not a super-duper realistic fps. Woooo, I just pledged! I'm so happy. Question: How can Brian Fargo and Co. make the game on a $1.3 million dollar budget when most companies require $15 million? Are they getting money from somewhere else or is the total budget coming mostly from kickstart? Just asking. Also, how can additional people continue to fund the game after the 30 days are up? Going to go read up more about Wasteland 2 now. I'm more than happy to pay $115 to get Collector's Edition Box inc map/instructions, Miniature, Badge, Credit, Novella Part 1 and 2, Beta access, Soundtrack, Artbook and a Digital copy! @ Rui Darklands EE or Darklands 2 would be yet another dream come true! Definitely one of my most favorite games, I still play it to this day. In fact the last time I played it was Saturday last week. I'm backing up wasteland since the first day (and currently by 265€) and I've also backed double fine's project. This projects are making me nostalgic and one game comes quick to mind: a Darklands EE or Darklands II - I would back it immediately! @A. C. Williams, yes, that's what I was looking for. @A.C. Williams - I backed DFA to 100 too :). I liked having the old-school box as a part of it. I funded 50 because of all that's included with that level. 75 looks appealing but early release isn't so big a deal to me. I'm patient. Thanks for the $10,000, Wasteland 2 is very grateful! less then 200k to reach 1.5 :-p Nice!! Another $10,000 pledge. Nice. :) @John Lathorp: Coming from a $100 pledge at DFA to this, I can say that there is some fatigue. I'm probably going to increase my pledge for this later on, but if there's another high-profile project after Wasteland 2, I might have to pass on it. @ET3D: <url>"By Gamers, for gamers" Never before, or since has a company summed up their idealogy so simply and truthfully. You could tell they were made by a team who were led by a person with the same ideals. The Advent of digital distribution and the kickstarter project has given InXile hold of he reigns of the games they want to make. Once more By gamers, for gamers will ring true! .LONG LIVE THE BACKERS OF BRIAN FARGO!!! At Mike, I agree with you 100%. I have had it with games being dumbed down. Large publishers need to appeal to the lowest common denominator and as such gaming has become the domain of idiots. I remember when games used to be challenging and have in depth storyline's. I am not a moron and I don't need my game to treat me as such. I honestly believe that there is a market of a couple of million gamers that miss this style of gaming, and yes we will happily pay good money to see it resurrected. If Brian makes a winner with this I have a feeling that I am going to be burning a lot more money on kickstarter. Yeah, I must admit that I got quite emotional over that part of the interview myself. Follow the Unity. Amanda, thanks for the link to the Gamebanshee interview. I love this part: GB: How do you convince a newer or younger RPG fan who has grown accustomed to the action-focused titles to give Wasteland 2 a shot? Brian: Well here is the beauty of fan funding... we don't have to convince some younger RPG player of anything. I am making this game for the wonderful fans who put their money behind us and not some nebulous group of new people. Let's make the game they all expect and let the chips fall where they may. There is just no way I'm going to consider anything that could let down the core. ^^ If there'd been a PR rep from a publisher there, they'd have had a heart attack on hearing Brian say that..lol. But it's great to hear those words. Every time I hear the words "stream-lining" and "accessibility" applied to PC games, I get a sinking feeling because you just know they're planning to dumb them down. This game is going to be awesome, largely in part because we all made it happen. WOO! And you know, we're going to have a kick ass post-apocalypse RPG next year!! I've been dying for a new one lol This is how it should be - game developed for fans and funded by them. And publishers can go to hell. Well... no, they still useful for beginning developers, but nowadays we have so many good indie-games, that this is gradually becoming unnecessary. Not sure I will like the game, but I'd love to see how the industry changes as a result. @Adam Trojanowski Thank you! I would be interested to see a graph of how much funding each day as well.. Just increased my pledge from 15 to $50... so pumped about this game. Loved playing Wasteland... so many fond memories back when I was fifteen and learning to drive, chase girls, and play Wasteland. I remember another game called Deathlord I played on the C64 that was similar but fantasy medieval and Japanese. I'm old enough that I should've known about this game. I have no idea what the gameplay was like, but I heard good things. To honor the spirits of these developers and the great idea of a fan funded game, I make my pledge, and I wish all parties involved the best success!! In these days of day-one DLC, store exclusives, first-personification and annualization (annualizabilization? lol), its refreshing to see projects like this one get jumpstarted by the people that really care. The games... not the megapublishers. P.S: Oh, and old school instruction book... yeah... that did it for me. :D RE: Open sourcing, I'd prefer they just accomodate for mods with an open/easy to consume api anyday. Plus if it were easily moddable I would think this would drive sales up. (just look @ skyrim) Alternatively just make a damn fine game, (I don't buy Game of Thrones DVD and expect to get the scripts, the music scores, the cg models, Im just licensing the content as it was meant to be consumed) @infestor: I agree that they shouldn't open-source it all while still reasonably profitable (certainly not immediately after launch), but if they were to release the assets under an open licence well after the game was released, I doubt profitability would be such a huge issue, especially with the upfront funding. They could still then use the engine and assets themselves for further official games, and it would likely make modding easier, and it never hurts to give back to a community like this. Regardless, open-sourcing the game is a low priority for me, but at least open-sourcing the engine, if possible, would be perfect icing on the cross-platform cake. :) I too oppose the idea of open sourcing the ENTIRE game. they can only release the engine open source, all in all. only the engine, mind you. artworks and everything else still proprietary. there hasn't been a single profitability model for open source games. Yeah I oppose the idea of open sourcing the game, even though I philosophically agree with open source. The reason is simple, I want to see the end result profitable, not just something for the kickstarter backers but tons more post release sales. If inXile can build a coffer off of this title, they won't need to crowdfund or seek publishers for Wasteland 3. Another added bonus: they could safely launch new projects with, god forbid, new IP on their own. @Odd Ball - they have designs and goals in mind, but they want to please the majority of their funders, too. I think those funding this game, for the most part, are doing so because they want the "in stone" iterated vision that Mr. Fargo and the rest of inXile have put forth. They aren't going to make Fallout 4, Bethesda style, or even Baldur's Gate, BioWare style... they are doing Wasteland 2, Interplay style. Past that, looking to see if the majority want feature X or Y isn't a bad move on their part. It's smart. InXile should not be influence by some of the comments made on KickStarter, their forum and Google Moderator, they are the makers of the game and need to make the best game they can make for themselves and everyone, hope they have their heads on straight, yes we are funding the game but it is 25k+ of us and not one single backer giving $1.3 mil+! Sanity has to prevail, so the game is not a complete mess! After reading Wren S and maxztt comments, I would happily up my pledge amount if you agreed to open source the game code. Infact inXile could easily state they will only open source the code if they reach a certain $ goal, then everybody wins. On the other hand I'm just happy this game will be made and will likely get a linux release! As you can clearly tell from the amount raised, a lot of people are already thankful for this - open sourcing the client would just be icing on the already awesome cake :) David: All those games you mentioned are NOT Wasteland. If Brian Fargo was planning to "broaden the appeal" of Wasteland 2, then why on earth would he need to bother with Kickstarter in the first place? Seriously. "I mean have you seen some of the stuff posted over on the official forum (anime, 3d, marriage, etc.)" So by that standard, Castle of Shikigami III is a mass market game because it is anime-styled, Wizardry 8 is mass market game because it's 3D, and Rune Factory: Frontier is a mass market game because it has marriage? Right... I think that interview made it very clear he has no intention of 'broadening the appeal'. More than that it's just not the kind of game they want to make themselves - and that is just as important. Amanda: I did read that interview and it does sound great. However, I think we still need to keep saying these things over and over. I mean have you seen some of the stuff posted over on the official forum (anime, 3d, marriage, etc.)! mindx2 please see this interview <url>"broaden the appeal" and start making compromises. Turn-based, party-based, C&C, stat-based, top-down or Iso, no emo, and built for the PC FIRST!! These are what you began with and these are the things that I hope you adhere to. This is my hope and is why so many of us have pledged. Thank you. I'm also in favor of the suggestions of Wren S. It has already be mentioned multiple times on the forum. It would be nice if you released all the source code. You can keep the art under whatever license you want, to be able to still sell your product afterwards, but opening up your program code will not hurt anyone. It would be useful to all kinds of people, if you wrote the engine yourself and so on. One the other hand, if you buy an engine and all kinds of other middleware, then the code written by you guys, would not be of too great value to anyone anyways, and you could just keep it. Gluecode between component and some game logic are not really from outer space. I can not express the enjoyment and awe I had playing Wasteland on my c64 way back when. Rose colored glasses begone I say! It's nice too see that there are alot of us who cherish this style of gameplay. Dear brian fargo, we have given you 1.288 million thus far. It's likely to triple this amount in 30 days. We are not a publisher. We're not taking a percentage. Please open source this project and help continue this revolution, rather than crushing it due to the obvious inequities. Any donation, even a dollar, I'm sure is appreciated by inXile. No one should be insulting anyone who gives any amount to the project - that just makes NO sense. @Jessi I'm a student as well, and I think it's awesome that you're pledging your $15 to support a project that exists only as an idea (so far). Everyone doesn't have as much expendable cash. However, you can proudly say you backed this project. :) This user's account has been deleted. I am spelling like a two year old... sorry folks. For Russian-speaking backers, I fired up an instance of Dokuwiki on my little server (it's a VPS). <url>"Shut up and take my money!" With any luck, this will also mean a sea change in the way developers establish their own brand. Have you ever wondered why Sid Meier gets his name on his game designs, but other designers and developers do not? It's because the publisher's learned from their 'mistake' with Mr. Meier. By letting his name be associated with the game, when he wanted more for his efforts, the publisher couldn't just blow him off, since customers were expecting to see his name on the box. As a result, publishers have made it a contract stipulation that no matter how important a designer is to the game, he or she will NEVER get their name prominently displayed. Such promotion takes power away from the publisher and puts it in the hands of the designer when it comes to the next great idea. Now, with the publisher cut out of the process, I expect to see great designers (and others) getting cover credit and building their brand. Then I can look for the names of truly great designers when I shop for the next entertainment experience, not just at the publisher's name on the box. Here for his official twitter: <url>€ And they also count shipping fees in that... Also it makes no difference if the item is marked as a gift. :/ @kahiha: In Germany, you'll have to pay VAT on the price (not the shipping though). I dunno how it is in other countries. From one post apocalyptic game developer to another.. can't wait for this game to be released Mr. Fargo :) @Paul Chaplin I wonder why inXile doesn't announce links here. So you need to track Fargo's twitter for some little updates :) $1 or $1k you're still helping to make something that would otherwise be impossible (: @SXX: Thanks for the link. :) @c704710: Just to echo Amanda and Smoker, it's almost impossible for us not to hit $1.5M with 30 days to go and only $220k to the target. $219k even, in the time it took me to read SXX's link and write this. :D I'm really looking forward to playing both Double Fine Adventure and Wasteland 2 natively on Linux. @Jessi the backing received so far averaged over the world population is roughly $0.0002 per person right now. So your (and mine as of now) backing is 75000 times more than that. I think that most of the money comes from those smaller than $30 pledges so there is no reason to be sad about someone saying you're a bad person for not having enough money to give $100 or more for this. Does the digital copy at all reward levels come with the unique quirky skill, or just the ones at the base level? Learning that Fallout 3 didn't come from the same guys that brought us 1 & 2 explained a lot to me. I thought Fallout 3 was utter **** but I couldn't admit it out of respect for 1 & 2. Now that I know, I don't have to hold it in anymore!!! I'm really excited about this. I cannot tell you how much I hate Bigass Games, and I don't know which one I should be more excited about; Wastland 2 or the recent phenomena shift. BTW. @c704710, you will probably be able to use WINE, it's flawless these days. For every person who leaves a comment about you being cheap, there are hundreds more thankful for anything you can give and who don't comment. The fact that you're backing it at all is worthy of huge kudos. 30 days to get 220k. I think they got it. @c704710 c704710 Linux and Mac support are promised at $1.5M - we will certainly get that far with another 30 days. I expect we will hit that by the middle of next week myself. This user's account has been deleted. My investment in Wasteland 2 is useless if there is no Linux version as I have not and will not use Windows. Yep, every little dollar helps. If you want to just put five bucks, go for it. Nobody has the right to tell how much you have to afford, as nobody is going to step forward and pay your bills so you can put more money in the project. Don't miss new Wasteland 2 Interview: <url>"it will do". I'd really like a boxed copy with cloth map, though, and if funds permit, I certainly intend to increase my pledge at the earliest opportunity. (for EU) then i guess inXile should ship to backers from a location in EU as there is no tax amongst EU-to-EU (as far as i know). Anyone in Sweden is looking at an additional 25% VAT for goods outside the EU, if no additional customs fee depending on if the pledge amount count towards the goods "value" or not (there might be an administrational fee added though). I still put down the $65 but it's something to keep in mind so you aren't shocked later. $15 gets you the same game, but without the international tax fee and postage. Boxed version of the game is a luxury item, and I think should only be reserved for those who are willing to shell out the extra $35+. I fully support every $15 backer. I remember having a talk with a friend of mine couple of years back , saying how great games we were playing back then and how we miss something like that now days ! WELL NO MORE !! Throw me to the WASTELAND !!!!!!!! if finland does that tax frenzy i don't even want to imagine what told (denmark customs) will do. we need to find some sort of solution to this issue—hell, even a loophole would help :) As excited you are about being able to develop this game without dealing with the publishers.... I'm just as excited to be able to buy this game without those damn publishers. Thanks for making this happen. Damn, that sucks you guys have to pay such a hefty tax. I wonder if inXile will be able to do a more local European distribution as well as North American. I bet that would help. I really hope that they won't tax the goods here in Finland so heavily, 'cause I gave DF $265 for all the stuff and I'm probably gonna spend the same on this, though that's gonna tax my wallet pretty heavily and the extra tax really isn't welcome to that equation. Amanda, I understand and I do not want the people hard pressed to spend more than they have to. Again, every dollar helps. Who I am referring to are the people who can and only donate $15 as in their cost/benefit analysis they may find it only worthwhile to pay $15 now and get the same end result as if they had spend $50 later. Just doing my part. You also need to understand, that for people outside US there's addition 15$ for covering postal charges. Not everyone can spend that much money, being a fan of cRPG's has very little to do with it. @damon & infestor, Not everyone is from a rich country, for some pledgers that $15 constitutes a large proportion of their wages. Another problem is that some international pledgers are currently unsure of weither or not they may be charged import duty taxes for the higher value items being delivered. That's an issue that I believe has yet to be addressed. I'm not trying to have a go at either of you - I certainly understand the desire to see people increase their pledges but honestly there are many reasons why they may not be able to, so please don't try to make them feel bad for it. Since so many of us have never had the chance to play the original Wasteland, maybe you could squeeze in some kind of sexy, deep voiced "Previously on Wasteland!" introduction? Good luck for the project, I sincerely wish that something or someone could breathe some life in to an almost extinct genre. By the way, a 50 - 250$ pledge with only digital copy of game + virtual rewards (nothing physical) might also have some potential. I agree with infesdtor. People, every dollar helps, but if you REALLY want to help and you would be buying the game anyhow than donate $50. This is my reasoning; I am buying this game one way or the other, and it would cost me $50. Now, a good chunk of that money is going to profit other people so in reality even if self published inXile will likely only make about $30 (if that) on your sale. So, spend the money now, make sure the developer gets the entire amount and in exchange you not only get a BOXED SET, but also another digital copy you can keep or share. Don't be cheap, show support and buy the game in a way you can support the developer the most, and most importantly you will send a message that old school RPGs are NOT DEAD and that there is a potentially lucrative market out there for other developers to get in to. Wasteland 2 has my $100. Let's hope this brings back the RPG Genre! i can understand the 15 and 30$ tier pledgers but if you really like playing oldschool cRPGs i think you should pledge for 50$ tier and above. my god, is 50$ tier not so sweet? and oldschool large box with nice goodies. dare i say, it is almost close to collector's edition. In it for OS X version. I held out until the $1.25 milestone, but now I want to help get it to $1.5 so that both OS X and Linux version happen. I never actually played Wasteland (although I'm old enough to have) but this sounds like a great game and the enthusiasm from fans is infectious. Linux users clamoring for Linux games: this is your chance to show the games industry that there's interest! I'm now convinced there's no worry about it not hitting $1.5M for Linux, so I'll join the recent flurry of pledge-uppers and put myself down for a nice shiny cardboard box. Digital was going to suffice, but now I want another box to sit next to my Double Fine Adventure one. :D Old-school games are the best. mougrim, I almost got a heart attack from your comment... I realized I can't even imagine kickstarter possibilities. If only someone gathered people from the original development team of Space Quest 7... Just upped my modest pledge. Linux has to happen. Nice update. Not all that informative, but nice. All the best luck for the projekt. With the next Kickstarter please make new a bards tale. in it for linux version. ty @Ziv Shamir Because its was posted in Fargo twitter and blog: <url>"The gamers will always rule at the end of the day." I would definitely pledge more but low on the money. Figure anything helps. I haven't played the original wasteland but this sounds like an amazing game. Looks like we're hitting that slow part in the middle. Trickly up to 1.5 million or so, and then we get a big bump at the end. Gamezone interview with Brian - <url>— and I think I succeeded). Such an incredible world. I look forward to playing a proper Wasteland 2, and I'm crossing my fingers that I can do that on my Mac, not just through Boot Camp. :) Thinking about upping my pledge, Thank god this is on for 30 days, I'll see what my finances are in that time frame. What a nice guy, he sure knows how to appeal to us. :D Donated $65 to get the box. I never played the original Wasteland (too young to remember it), but I backed anyways. After update 3, I decided to increase my pledge to $100. No regrets! Just threw my $ in. I never played wasteland, but I loved the fallout games and I really miss playing these kind of games in general. Here's hoping that the success of wasteland's kickstarter will lead to an old school open RPG renaissance! I just wanted to say how very excited I am for this game. The original is, by far, my favorite squad RPG of the 80's– and there is a lot of great competition in there. It just had that magical combination of adult situations with real repercussions, combined with hilarious quips, and a very well realized world. It just embodies everything I loved about that time in gaming. Now let's get the Mac version made! 1.5m ... we can do it! Update 3 is awesome, wish there were more people who thought the same way. your update 3 was simply beautiful! I am so proud to be part of this new Indie games movement! Add your ideas and vote: <url>#16/e=1f7176 Vote about extra funding usage: <url>#p5981 @Adam Trojanowski Thank its really interesting and useful for me, it will be perfect if you make its more detail :) @Adam Trojanowski Thank you! That's a very interesting chart! @Montego23 I stopped tracking franchise after announcement of “tactical first-person shooter XCOM (facehoof) by 2K Marin” and game series like UFO: After-smth. I respect Firaxis, but I dont like 2K. “Reimagining” sound bit warring to me. Also, “colourful science-fiction, with shades of Halo and 1960s retro-futurism” lead to suspicion that XCOM:EU will end sharing same setting as XCOM FPS. Wasteland 2 me want :) <url>… And SystemShock. Not BioShock, not Infinite, but definitely SystemShock with its cyberspace, mad Shodan, Tricom and everything else. When I was boy this game serves me as nightmare fuel. Well, sometimes I still drop brick-or-two while playing it. Thanks for keeping RPG's alive! If there was a new game being made, set in the vampire masquerade bloodlines world (not mmo). I would definately be a backer (loved troikas vamp masquerade bloodlines game) rate sped up :D @Julian Exactly. Honestly they don't even have to call it Star Control... Just create something like Starcon 2 that was a fun game / crazy hard and had an awesome storyline. When I play the first Mass Effect and land on a planet like this... <url>#3 all-time Kickstarter project, beating out the (utterly awesome) Order of the Stick reprint drive. The #2 position is within our grasp. Onwards! There's already The Ur-Quan Masters (<url>´t worry guys. Kickstarter tends to slow down on weekends a lot. I can't believe this game is finally going to be made!!! Rock on! Oh god guys, how about a reboot of "Star Control" Happily chuck some cash at it! well, the speed now i about 1 pledge $15 every 2. minute I am waiting for an update... arnt we all? Kickstarters typically follow the pattern of a rush at the beginning, due to the initial excitement of the announcement, followed by a long lull, then a rush at the end as the procrastinators realize they haven't donated yet. This user's account has been deleted. The difference was that Double Fine was updating their tiers with new stuff periodically during the process. I think that helped drive donations a lot. If inXile doesn't add anything to the tiers, they might not see the same random surges. Dungeon Keeper! There have been some attempts at making new games like that, but none of them have quite worked. Alpha Centauri! We have Civ V, but not even Alpha Centauri II. :( It needs to be remembered, that with Double Fine the speed sky rocketed during the last couple of days. Donations happened in anything but constant manner. magic carpet, Dungeon Keeper, SHOGO:Mobile Armour division - the lists go on, I think we could keep this up all day. :-) This user's account has been deleted. @maxztt yeah, I know about that, trying to change perspective to third person ruined it for me so I tend not to count that one ;-) @Andrew: I'd also love an updated Master of Magic. Although, I think the UI and game mechanics could use some updating. I always found the UI a bit clunky. The various schools of magic weren't exactly balanced, and it was easy to abuse Create Artifact and Heroes to just ground-stomp everyone. just can't wait Elite! Elite Elite Elite Elite! Mind you, the clunky graphics had a charm all their own. :) Andrew: yes, that's what I'm talking about! Also, how could've I missed Elite/Frontier games? I don't know what's the current situation at Braben's company is, but if money is the only issue preventing them from launching full-scale development, I'd say it would be an *excellent* candidate for the next big Kickstarter drive I'm hoping for a proper character creation with many useful skills to pick from, to eventually be able to create my own home base to store vehicles and gear, and the opportunity to play co-op with a friend if possible. @Amanda Ludlam: You know that there was a sequel to Heretic, right? It was not first person anymore though. And the combat mechanics also changed compared to the first Heretic game. Also, Syndicate. Original Populous. Warlords. Reach for the Stars. Railroad and/or Transport Tycoon. ~~wavy lines~~ Personally I would love to see a sequel to the Hexen/Heretic games by Raven software. Where did that genre of first person fast paced magic shooter hybrid with secrets to discover dissapear to - I really wish somebody would bring that back. :-) Ok per Hour No this is Not right yesterday we have round about 1.15 mio Victor - I'd happily throw $100 at an updated Master of Magic or Master of Orion 2, as long as they just update the graphics and UI and leave the gameplay alone! Montego23 - 4k per hour. The total has gone from $1,151,662 23 hours ago to $1,251,711 as I write this. Indeed Victor, and then that opens the doors for even more risky new i.p's as well. If Double Fine and InXile prove to us that our money was well spent then they could try this again for riskier ventures - maybe even completely experimental interesting stuff they would like to make. If this game turns out even half as well as I hope then I would be more than happy to give them my money again in the future no matter what they wanted to work on. I think there will be a next Wing Commander soon :) There is *so* many abandoned games that could've benefit from a sequel (or two or three)... Those I personally would back the most would be Wing Commander, Descent and, of course, Master of Magic (damn, I'd gladly back it if someone would just re-write it for Windows and fix the most glaring bugs/imbalances)... If DFA and W2 will turn out to be as great as they'd been advertised, I think it'll open the floodgates, yes... 4k can not be right. Ziv - the last 24 hours have averaged a little over $4k. Things are slow right now (night time in America and a weekend) but will pick up again on Monday, judging from other projects. argh not reading properly I meant 1.5 not 2 sorry not reach 2.5 Andrew? There is still 31 days to go. I expect we will reach that by Tues, Weds at the latest. Pace of pledges from what I have observed always seems to slow at the weekend then picks up again Monday. Wasteland 2 may have had a slower start than Double Fine but to me it seems to be gaining new pledges generally at a faster rate, but I guess we will see. Someone needs to do some of those fancy graph thingies so we can do a comparison :-) Andrew Houghton - Actually, Double Fine slowed down even more than this after the first couple of days. I don't know if we'll match or beat their record, but with 31 days to go I think $2.5M is probably achievable. And the important thing is that even if pledges stop entirely right now, this is still an amazing success! 1000$ for hour in average... Amanda, I hope you're right... xD Grats on $1.25 mil. I don't think we will reach $2.5 as the pace seems to be a lot slower than double fine, but here's hoping. @Amanda I agree. I am starting to see some very popular youtubers talk about it. Philip DeFranco mentioned it in his last video and the guy has a few million followers... I think there is a very good chance that there will be more funds the Double Fine... which also brought a lot of attention to this kind of game production. Alain, I expect that this will go beyond $3M maybe even touch on $4 - Double Fine reached $3.3M for their adventure game which was pitched as just the idea of making one with no firm details in place (+the awesome documentary) We are still in the very early days of this, there's a long time still to rally more support. Again with Double Fine there was a massive rush of pledges in the last 24 hours, so there is still that to consider as well. I hope we reach at least $2M... Andrew : next video. And youtube link which will come will help a lot also :) Now the world will be unrealistically large! ) Just under $100,000 in the past 22 hours. The pace has slowed substantially, but that's still pretty good. If we can average half that through the rest of the drive, we'll reach nearly $3m. 250k more, gogogogogogo! One and a quarter meeeelion dollars! I backed it for its Linux support. So 1.5 M here we come :) 1.25 Mil :) Really nice :) Passed the 1.25mil mark. congrats inXile! Poke poke... I think they need to open more slots 1000$,and might reduce the 2500$ for 1500-2000 slots. It's possible to have selfdesigned characters with soul. Just look at wizardry 8. Glad to be part of this :-). Just one wish: Please give us predesigned pary members like Minsc (and Boo) and not selfdesigned soulless troopers/snipers/medics! Good to see there is a lot of interest in an old school game like this. Seems like modern games have diluted the experience to appeal to everyone. Damn I was hoping to see it get to $1.25mil before I had to go out, better be higher when I come back! Remember to keep on spreading the word by flooding all the gaming sites/internet forums you frequent with news of a Wasteland 2! @SXX, @Wren S> plus, it doesn't mean you'll have 100 + 150 + 15 + 16 backers' NPCs : "AN NPC, WEAPON, OR LOCATION". Go InXile, make a hard-core, mature, turn-based post-apocalyptic RPG that we have been waiting for for so long! @SXX, @Wren S> All the rewards accumulate when you go up the pledges, I think they just forgot to add the usual "Previous reward +" at the beginning of the text when they rewrote the $2500 award. I'm pretty sure it was there when the $2500 was all about the blood sausage Look like $80 each minute...done 1.25 mill before the houer is up @Nicholas Russell Good point. I suspect, however, that many of the people backing this particular project do so because they want the game. If nothing else, $15 investment to get the game is an easy choice for many people. And regardless of how things like kickstarter get their popularity, once financing methods like these gain a solid popularity, that popularity will keep them going even if the initial 'on principle' backers fade away. There are so many epic ideas that aren't made manifest because of short-sighted monetized people that a successful organisation like kickstarter will probably never lose their market niche, once established. @Mikael Olofsson It'll also go into making the female NPCs' breasts extra bouncy! :-p @SXX well that depends on how big the world willd be... . I'm already wondering how they will acomidate all those statues. maybe some graveyards.. This user's account has been deleted. @Wren S But that will be too much PNC's. :) @Pedro I know about rights... but if they could ) @Andrey Not an option. Bethesda own Fallout (both the name and the universe) these days. I wonder... how much money Fargo and team could collect if they had announced another Fallout game? The $2500 dollar pledge sort of sucks, is why. Being an NPC is awesome. Having to write a backstory for an object nearly no one is going to find, not so cool. Also, it's alot of money. That said, if $2500 included being an NPC, those slots would go fast. Almost there guys. Man I would love to see what they can create with a half decent budget. For me this is the acid test for crowd funding. If Brian brings out something amazing that makes a chunk of cash on steam I think it may put the gaming industry on it's head. We may see the return of titles similar to wing commander etc. I have no doubt you will get all the money you want Brian. There is a lot testing on your shoulders Bud. Make us proud! Very small number of backers... They really need to advertise this in China - by one dollar there they can easily make a whole million. Million people is the population of small rural village in China. @OndrejMelich Makes sense, but it seems like a huge oversight, considering there are probably quite a few more people willing to back into the 1000 dollar slot since being filled yesterday. David. : because it was opened yesterday. There was something else and they redo it . @Nicholas RusselI I back projects for the swag and the sneek peek at production. I'm curious as to why the $2500 dollar pledge has 148 of 150 open spaces in comparison to the $1000 dollar pledge which has 0 open spaces and 100 in general that were entirely filled. Wouldn't it make far more sense for the 1000 dollar space to have the 150 open spaces to make it for more people compared to the more open 2500 dollar pledge that should probably be regulated too 100 spaces? Something about it doesn't make sense. Maybe it's the fact that the exclusivity of the more expensive pledge doesn't seem all that exclusive due to the amount that can back the pledge. in other words, I would like that 1000 dollar space to have more spaces so more backers can fall into that zone instead of the 2500 dollar space that barely anyone will touch at the moment. OR I'm simply over-reading it and don't know how anything works... @ Zilfin Give this a try for a C64 Emulator: <url>"Bring it back!" @Zilfin Its the most popular game on nearly every Abandoneware site there is. Very easy to find. That and DosBox and you're good to go. Long ago, when I was in high school, I had my first computer (IBM PC Jr.) and this one game. 4 characters in the party, and me and a friend turned Wasteland into cooperative multiplayer by each treating two of them as our characters. I've been through a lot of games since then, but there's always something special about your first. I'm glad you are getting a chance to build a sequel to it and really look forward to playing it! This user's account has been deleted. Thank god for Kickstarter. Maybe this will finally be the wake up call modern developers need. The early days when creativity ruled video gaming need to return. NO LONGER can we sit back and let nice graphics serve in place of developmental quality! Brian Fargo and the team, thank you for your endevors. I played Wasteland when I was too young to fully appreciate it. Even then I knew that it was special. I can honestly say that Wasteland 2 is making me excited in a way that no other game in recent memory ever has - and it's not even coming out until next year! Pledged without hesitation! Hell yes I will back you! I remember playing all the great interplay games in a collection a while back (including fallout 1) and spent countless hours playing it. I recently started Baldur's Gate and just heard about the update. Definitely want new games like the old days! <url>ñol! esperando... intentare disfrutar de la vida mientras hacéis el juego jajja Great and Spanish! waiting ... will try to enjoy life while you make the game :) I agree with Andrey, honestly. wooooot the-ex blood sausage edition got 2 backers! Use all the extra money to speed development. :) I have been waiting for so long for someone to service the quality RPG market! Fallout 1 & 2 blew my young mind! Cant wait for the game to come out and I hope you get to make many more. Most importantly I hope this helps bring games back under nerd dominion. Brain Fargo you rule! @Andrey take your drugs and go sleep. Most of people really need any mobile version by the vote, but I dont like how you speak here. Its just developer choice what to do with the money. <url>"majority of tablet owners are ....." is pretty silly. It's a mainstay in the offices I work. And we do game on then. Thanks to Telltale! Brian already said PC development won't be compromised in any way. Stop complaining. i dont want to see a single dollar wasted on tablet support. this game is meant to be played on a pc with a mouse and computer. The majority of tablet owners are fucking retards who dont know the first thing about a computer. I mean, seriously, Apple has been tricking them with "updates" for years, and THEY KEEP FALLING FOR IT. I know nobody mentioned ipads specifically, but we all know thats whats somebody means when they say tablet. It will take about 3 minutes to Google wasteland 1, download it, and get dos box. Just saying if you really want to play it then it is there to enjoy. @eric i got the ten year and i got it working after fucking around with the dosbox, thanks for your help tho. Add your ideas and vote: <url>#16/e=1f7176 Vote about extra funding usage: <url>"details" about what gets added to the world if we hit 1.25 and 1.5 million arrive, we'll already be passed the first milestone. I love it! $1.25 million before midnight (EST). Come on we can do it! If the 1.5 mil mark is hit, will the $15 contribution be wither PC, Mac or Linux? Would love for one of the tiers to be the original redone in the new engine or at the least optimized to run on the systems of today. Would let all those that are new to wasteland know what all us "old guys" are talking about and why we loved it. Andrey At that time sound was VERY primetive I donated a thousand, and ive never even played the original WL. However in my mind, FO2 remains the epitome of gaming. If they can make another one and put me in it, thats worth my money. holy shit, i had to do a little more than that but i got it to work. is it supposed to be so silent? These guys are pretty old, I hope they are not out of practice. Just pledged my $15. Hoping for a Mac version :) Pledgin for $100 a minute, 1.25 mill in less then 8 houers... my guess "No love for the blood sausage, huh?" No one knew what the heck it was. You should have provided a sketch or something. @ Andrey. Download Dos Box (google, its easy to find) then just drop the wl exe on top of it. Then hit Alt-Enter. That should do it. @Scott hmm, i have a copy on my computer right now which i obtained...if you get my meaning. how can i get it to run? @Andrey. Dos Box and Abandonia? does anybody know how i can play wasteland on a 64bit computer? Bam! $1.2 Million. That's awesome. But is it possible to reach $1.5 Mil before it slows to a trickle? I don't know, but I'm excited to find out. I want this done right, none of that, "if only we had just a little more dough". My brain just exploded. This is really happening? Thats freakin' awesome. @Wren Stackpole is already in project. Also, please bring mike stackpole. I still have a copy of traps too around here somewhere. Bear with me on this. This experience (and DF's) reminds me of Hugo, the Scorcese movie. Old school guys who made these games that are no longer the vogue, but no one forgot, that one day are celebrated - and revived again. Or is just that a ton of us are trying to recapture our childhood. Potato, potatoe. Money - From gamers, for gamers :) I made a thread on the Wasteland 2 for ideas to further the Kickstarter-campaign: <url>"KIckstarter" page for new members (backers), who might not want to search the web for clues. Bold investment pitch what I was talking about, what you presented is a marketing survey or poll what people want to see in the game. Sorry for repeating myself but it's very different form Brian making an official statement. Hey, I'd love an exploded blood sausage, but not for $2500... Can't wait. I loved my Commodore 64 but I never got to play the first one. I love the Fallout universe so this is going to be great. awesome news on the yourtube channel, should help to get the message of Wasteland 2 out there This user's account has been deleted. Let's spam comment section once it's up guys! <url>#!/BrianFargo/status/180761131370029058 YES! $50K to hit milestone #2 Other funny things ??? Hmmmm.... Toilet Paper ??? Sy, Joke ;-) Does it include snake squeezins and toaster repair tools? hmm, don't see the point then, not unless you are into that kind of stuff I asked. The doomsday prep kit will have all of your apocalypse survival needs in a wateland themed bag. Think things like iodine pills, flashlight, trapping book and other fun items. @Joseph you could also try sending the team a message and ask what it is, as I haven't a clue myself, but I don't have the funds to go that high, it would wipe me a great deal of money if I did, but if you get a reply, please post it, might be interesting to know what it is Jospeh, If the doomsday kit includes snake squeezins I might bump up to $500 =) @Stanislav - true. AFAIR, in Fallout you actually could shoot a door open, couldn't you? congrats to getting to the 1.2 mill mark!! lets not stop there and get this baby higher There is a launch trailer but maybe we need something more spiffy...something to really go viral. Collab of Wasteland, FO 1 & 2 gameplay and some dialogue to explain what this is about. Gather more FO fans since I imagine most Wastelands fans are already here. 1.2M ! I'm tempted to upgrade to 500 but I want to know more about the doomsday kit. $1,2 YEAH!!! @Cattleclysm I would agree with that idea inXile needs an official youtube channel and an official youtube video. So we can spam comment section and make it more popular thus help the progression. Ok alittle bit to enthusiastic. but we are coming closer and closer.... We are close to the next goal 1.25 m !!! Yeah Yay, soon it's 1.2 mil! :D I want this to work, that way I can get another Bards Tale! @Scott Don't forget RPG Codex is raising money on its own for one or two of the higher level slots. That'll be a nice viper lump of money come the end of March (which I believe is still their timetable for submitting the donation. whoops sorry, I thought it slowed down sooner then that, my bad I rather miss the world map from Fallout 1/2. It's nice to just click a point and have the character walk with a chance of random encounters. I felt like the world was even larger that way even if different areas weren't directly connected. I'm hoping something like this makes a return. This user's account has been deleted. It's still doing good despite the weekend slow down. Approaching 100k today. ah well. i probably wont go higher than $500 then. :) the double fine adventure game also slowed down after it hit the 1 mill mark and slowed down during weekends too, so perfectly normal really. as long as Wastelands 2 keeps getting funds, then we probably will reach the next milestone in due time Fuck Mass Effect 3!!It's just a shooter with RPG elements,it wont be in same league as Wasteland 2 in terms of a RPG A plea from someone that just finished Mass Effect 3. DON'T BLOW THE ENDING. Give some closure at the end, wrap up plot lines. Something, anything. I about wanted to punch my monitor when ME3 ended. @Kyle - good math. I just checked it. I think it's likely to slow down to $200 an hour for awhile and then speed up in 29 days significantly. Also the next milestone is actually $1.25 mil: "At $1.25 million, the money will go primarily into making the world bigger, adding more maps, more divergent stories and even more music. " But I grok that most people are concerned about the $1.5 because it opens up Linux/Mac. Heh yeah, Brian's said they don't want anymore NPC slots. LOL, enough NPC slots..leave some for the developers' and writers' imaginations. more NPC slots!!!!!!!! Currently at $1,194,801. The next major milestone is $1.5 million for Mac/Linux versions. Hitting that would require averaging $410 per hour for the next 31 days. So as long as the average contribution rate stays significantly above that level we should be good. @Stanislav Soldatenkov I can agree to the depth part, but personally I'd like it if they put it where it feels meaningful and interesting instead of just aiming at realistic fidelity. Like having some really well thought out and dynamic NPC interactions and "arcs" or being able to really affect towns in a big way would be wonderful. I personally don't want crazy replayability, I want the game to be as condensed as possible but well made. Linux Version FTW! would you guys like update pages like these?: <url>"Up"my pledge from 250 to 500 :D daddy needs bigger game enhancements!!! :D People spread the word about this Project on all gaming sites and social media!! Get friends and co-workers interested in real RPG's to help out making this the best RPG of the new millennium!!! @Jozape: The @ before the name is way older than twitter. It is just a shortcut to indicate your reply is to that person, or in reply to something that person said. It his highly useful especially in comment systems like this, where you don't normally do a full quote like in email or forums, since it gives people an indication as to who/what you are ansering. Huh, I wonder when RPG Codex are going to get their donation for the statue in. Or did they already? I haven't seen the 5k tier go up in pledgers. This user's account has been deleted. Spread the word ****! We need to let everybody know about this! I still got my C64, in the atich... together with one from Sony... wonder is they collectable yet or soon? nice change of the $2500 pledge o_O! I'm in to hit the 1.5m for Linux (and Mac too, why not). Sole Song: By the way, that @before the name, a shortcut for the name I guess, how does that work? Jozape: @Sole Song it's just a habit from twitter as far as I can see. /me lolz 10k to 1,2M! Sole song agree)) I hope you right and it's that simple ))) but it never hurt for Brian to make this sort of investment guidelines. Aha... it should be like click on the name to adress the right person with your comment How much funding they in the end get is in the hands of the developers and how they manage the kickstartercampaign in the 31 days that are left. I dont think they should get to greedy like how they upped the numbers of real expensive tiers. Better to focus on getting as many as possible onboard and give incitaments för peoplel to raise their pledge in the lower end. ( I will raise mine when we get closer to 1,5 million $) Ah hell ya. Wasteland was my first CRPG back when I bought my C64. I lost count of the number of time I replayed the game. It was a sad day when my C64 finally died. Best of luck in getting this to market! @Sole Song it's just a habit from twitter as far as I can see. Ilya Smirnoff It is quite simple :-) 1.5 mil Linux and Mac support 2 mil - better stuff 2.5 mil -deeper story 3 mil -better graphic 3.5 mil -bigger world =better game No iOS support until after the release, if the release money, people picking up the game who weren't backers can justify, then, yeah - but no, no resources on it. PC/Linux/OS X for now. Although that's dependent on $1.5M. Yaromensky agree with you. I think Brian will never make IOS port while sacrificing development money that can be used to enchaince gameplay. I'd really like to express my fear at the mentioning of an iOS port. It seems to me like there would have to be a lot of sacrifices to get it on most tablets, especially when that money could be put towards furthering game development for the existing platforms. Umbrae Soulsbane You are right about that, but for 1000 and more peoples it will look like that. By the way, that @before the name, a shortcut for the name I guess, how does that work? I think aswell Brian need to write some sort of guideline ( lets call it an ivestment pitch, since we all investors here) what will be added to a game at: 1.5 mil Linux and Mac support 2 mil - 2.5 mil - 3 mil - 3.5 mil - It would stimulate new backers invest to already funded project that it is. You know what I'd love to see? The original Wasteland ported to modern platforms - like OS X, Win 7 and/or iOS. that would be so cool. I am, however, thrilled to see this approaching the 1.5 mil mark! I just made a math guess when we will reach 1.25 mill... just in 15 houers... mark my words :-) @ Umbrae agree I wish I'd read about it before I bought JABIA but it was true coincidence that I saw it in the store that day. I agree that there is month to go, but my point was - lets not stop spreading the word and helping Brian to get funding for that he truly deserves. As for being desperate I'm not ))) I'm just very passionate about it and I work in sales ))) looks like my working ego took control of me for a second there. Every person in the wasteland 2 team will make great great effort while working on that game if their mind will be on the project instead of thinking how to pay for kids college or mortgage etc more money means better quality of staff they can have. More posibilities to realize some ideas. I hope we can give them at least 3 mil. This level of professionals deserve every cent, I hope everybody is on the same page with me here. People do not separate with their pocket cash at any consistent or reliable schedule. Do if this is like slowing down, we vill reach 75x60x24x31+1.18 mill=4.5 mill i want linux!!! Pledging is steadely speeding along at $75 a minute @Sole Song You are FAR to kind in your assessment of MOO3 The game looks like a great idea! Looking forward to seeing the final product... I'm donating with the hope you guys cross the $1.5M mark so we get a Mac version too. I AM SO PSYCHED FOR THIS! I've never played Wasteland 1, but I was a huge Fallout fan. Can't wait for another top-down, turn-based RPG! Now please, Mr. Fargo, grab Chris Avellone, and make Planescape Torment 2 a reality! @Mike Eindertoun - you don't even have to be a gamer to enjoy it, though I'd wager many of Order of the Stick's fans were table top RPG'ers. This is where social networking and the application of the socio-casual game mechanics can come into play. Hitting the button (refresh) to get variable results (how much did the pledge total rise?) Pay in incremental amounts over time (what's another five dollars? only twenty more and I hit the next tier of rewards, why not?) with added content and bonuses given at irregular intervals to increase participation and retain players (what, if we reach 2 million they start early planning on an expansion? we got two million, now if we hit 2.5 million they are going to add a Wasteland comic book to all donations over $15 dollars? we hit 2.5 million and now at 4 million they will hire on Obsidian to work on a sequel?) Poor examples of rewards off the top of my head, but that keeps interest and keeps people digging deeper in their bank accounts. It becomes fun and addicting. Merrin... interesting idea, but depending on how many NPC there is space for and needed in the game... perhaps... things like that And need to worry about the final tally yet. The speed was bound to slow down after the amazing start. The money will dripple in for now and most likely pick up in the final days. @Mike Eindertoun I agree, making a "level-up" chart and the perks that come with increased level would make this Kickstarter go into overdrive. Key E. MOO3 was shit wrapped in gold I think Merin is on to something. When all of your potential backers are gamers, it makes sense to turn the reward process into a game of sorts. Meeting goals should add new "perks" or rewards at different tiers. Also "level up" rewards where having passed a certain milestone, existing backers are rewarded by only having to pay 25 or 50 % towards the next pledge level to receive something extra on top of what they already get.. @Kenneth Tse Star Control 3 was at least playable. Now MOO3 was.......(deep breath and count to 10)......NOT playable. Ilya Smirnoff Yeah, much was lost in JA BIA, but coming to terms with that, it is not so bad, not as good as, but not bad either... different though. According to the Kickstarter Blog, we brought in $1,664,432 on the last day of the DFA, so no worries. Also, downtime was usual in the weekends, it picked up again as the next week began. :-) @Ilya Smirnoff, still 31 days left, so there is plenty of time. Its still on track for how the Double Fine Adventure went. Even what it is at now is still great, but I am sure it will pick up. A lot of people start to upgrade their backing as it closes so don't despair. I also agree with you on JA BIA. I was really excited, but in the end too much changed to even be called a remake. After playing the demo I would have bought it, but finding out it was a remake turned me off. If this was a full JA game with a new story I might have looked past the changes, but as is I will wait for a $2 sale on Steam before I pick it up. true,but hopefully we will reach 1.5 soon enough. This user's account has been deleted. Yeah Star Control 3 had some problems. If you took it on its own merits it was an OK game, but putting Star Control 3 just pointed out how much it was NOT SC2. I still play Star Control 2 on my Android phone. Its a wonderful port! If you have not seen it I definitely recommend it: once you get past the touchscreen controls. Sorry for spelling was pretty emotional when wrote it. Why funding have stopped?. I dont thonk that there are only 20000 fans of smart,interesting non fps-bird shooting games. Come on guys spread the word, let help Brian and his team to bring back rpg genre back to life. P.S. I wish some one had kick starter page for JA2 remake before it was desecrated by "bit composer" I was so happy when I came back with JA BIA box from the store. I bought it when I saw description that it was JA2 remake. That was no brainier to me I paid 37$. How mad I was after 30 minutes of gameplay. They destroyed everything that made JA2 such success. My point is I'd rather paid 60$ to people on kick starter to get game made in right way instead of paying it some mediocre game developers who uses or love for classics and butchers it to make game appealing to *fps-realtime-bird-multiplayer* generation. I hope we can help Brian make game that he always wanted to make and we get to play the game that we waited for so long to play and love so much. Still going $75 each minute To get to 1.5 million, we need at least 10K per day. Think we can do it? I'd love to pony up for more Star Control from Toys For Bob (the original devs) as a remake or sequel or whatever. I'd even like an SC 1 makeover. It has only been a couple of days so we don't know yet how the pace will settle after a week or two. It will propably slow down drasticly after we reach 2 million. There are lots of pontential backers out there for this game. We just have to figure out how to let them know about this project... 3.3 Mil is possible and in my opinion this kind of game would benefit all the extra money it can get... @Merin, its cool that you enjoyed SC3. Maybe I was too harsh, but I think it SC3 and MOO3 have scarred me so badly that I can't believe that good games can come in 3s. I threw both discs away because I believe that they forgot about the things that made the games enjoyable and totally messed with their basic premise. This user's account has been deleted. Star Control 3 wasn't THAT bad. I still enjoyed it. While I loved that series, I don't think adding anything more to it would do any good. Now REMAKING them with modern graphics and game mechanics I'd be behind, or at least doing the Baldur's Gate "enhanced edition" route. Star Control 4? I say Star Control 3. That which was released as SC3 is not worthy of the Star Control name. If they make a sequel, it will be a sequel to Star Control 2!!! $2500 reward changed. Very good move on their part. And I agree, Jake, that they are doing a better job with the community than Double Fine did (which they weren't horrible, just sporadic.) The OotS model that Mr. Burlew created (I'm sure by chance and not preplanned design) is a great one, and if inXile can get a charter with goals to meet and let us watch those goals get hit, plus ADD different reward packets at different points during the drive... they could EASILY beat Double Fine's level. That's where Double Fine "failed" (if you call their ridiculous success a failure) - after the goal was reached, if you already donated, there was little reason to keep checking in on a regular basis. They are on track to break $3 million, easily. About voice acting. I don't particularly want it if it will detract from making more interesting content for the game. I usually find myself reading ahead of the voice actor if there is also text. Rather have a wealth of text with interesting backstory and plot devices to something as simplistic as the Mass effect voice over / dialogue. IMO Fallout 1 and 2 did it best with talking heads and deep dialogue trees influenced by your intelligence and reputation. Best system to date. Well, it looks like inXile is doing better with communication than Double Fine did, and that can be a big boost to a project in its middle days, between the boosts at the beginning and the end. It certainly helped the Rich Burlew's Order of the Stick kickstarter blow all expectations out of the water. And right now, while the initial pace didn't keep up with Double Fine, I think we've settled into a much steadier pace for the long haul. So I'd say 1.5 million in a few days, at most, and 3.3 million is well within reach. Yes I want to break Double Fine's record. I'm sure inXile wants to, as well. I don't know that it's likely... but it IS possible. MEMEMEMEMMEMEMEMEMEME! Any one here want to break the Double Fine record? :) I'm in :) I reckon 1.5 million in a week, if this follows the Double Fine curve. This user's account has been deleted. lets make this the spiritual successor to fallout 2 and official successor to wasteland 2 and incorporate the best of both worlds! what i like about fallout 1 and 2; -isometric 3rd person view -detailed and gritty 2d graphics -talking heads in 3d -intro character voiceovers(just enough to make the game more immersive but not complete voiceovers so the game dialogue can be more expansive and detailed and much more in depth. -expansive and unique inventory for items/weapons/misc -extensive character creation with traits and skills and innate abilities I hope they add voice to it. I know that it may be daunting to do so, considering how much dialog may be in it, but still. PS. Never played the original and have no interest in playing a low graphics anything (extremely excited for #2 none the less), would you put up an art picture on your FB every week or so? Those post-apocalyptic scenes get me every time. looks like the rate has increased,hopefully we will hit Million and 200k in the next few hours. Alright brother, the money has come flooding in. Make us proud. We know that you will. Umbrae: The Star Control trademark is still locked away, but the rest of the IP (the universe, characters, etc) are not, so they could still make a new one, they just couldn't call it Star Control IV. @Umbrae Soulsbane, loved Star Control 2 and would love to see another, but it would be even cooler to see Starlifght 3. Somehow I suspect EA won't be doing one soon, though, and if they did it would be... Well, different to be sure. How about a Sentinel Worlds 2? Or Planet's Edge 2? Spaceflight/RPG combos seem like they should be more popular than they are. The closest we get these days is Mass Effect 1, which I guess is antiquated now anyway. Oh well, I will happily settle for Wasteland 2! This user's account has been deleted. This is awesome !!!! Over the years, I've tried to play Wasteland again and it wasn't the same as it was the first time on my Apple IIe. This was the first game that I played and played again....trying to find the right mix and to get just enough rockets to blow up those damn robots in Vegas to finally make some serious money. This is awesome news and I'm glad to be a part of it....even if it's only a small amount ! @Kenneth Tse, I second the Star Control sentiment. That was a wonderful game that would even translate really good to consoles. However, I think that IP lays locked in the dungeon of some publisher never to see the light of day. I see the $2,500 tier has been redesigned and there is already a buyer. Odd that it doesn't say "Previous reward", maybe and oversight. Yeah, an edit button would've been nice I think that BF said everything needed of what the game will be with words : turn based, top down old school RPG. No need to know more (at least for anyone that is 30+ and played cRPGs of that time). No no, you meant Faran Brygo. So apparently, I and/or my fingers are retarded today: I meant Brian Fargo. They have already said they are working on another video and will update with more info about the game and their vision. You must remember that there are 31days to go. Doublefine did add all there stuff the first day either. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. I wonder: if we can ge the pledge to $1.4M, will Brian Fondago still be willing to give the remaining $100K for the $1.5M features promised (including Max/Linux versions)? I think if they want to get some money influx,they should reveal a bit more midway the kickstarter. Doublefine did a great job keeping theirs fresh and exiting using non game related updates,but I think this one needs a bit more visual aid.Some concepts maybe. That's a really good idea Bryon - you should post it over on their website if you havn't already been there - <url>~1.2m, i think we're very close! Vote for Linux. And 15$ too My favorite games when I was young were Ultima IV, The Bards Tale series & of course Wasteland. I am incredibly excited that Brian Fargo is finally doing a proper sequel, and have every confidence that he will do it justice! So at what level do we get Amiga support? When I first found out about this project THIS happened.... <url>äki I would not mind if I was right, but you are probably more right :-) I think there is a whole lot of shaking going on... I dont meen that kind of shaking, more like fear shaking. If this prosject goes well, it will show other how to do it and the BIG publishers will be left behind in the ditch :-) @sole I doubt the numbers will stay that constant. Of course it would be great if the end number would be that high, as the more money means bigger game and more platforms, but I really doubt Wasteland 2 can do bigger than Double Fine. After this, Neuromancer 2? I loved that game on my C64. @Anton Hansen seems like EA still holding the rights for the first game,read the FAQ,seems like inXile just can't re-release it. 14 houers has gone since we pased 20,000 backers and 1,1 mill, so it looks like 1.5 backer every minute pledging $75 each, giving us the result of 75x60x24x31+1.1 mill=$4.45 mill Any chance of a digital copy of wasteland 1 being included in the CE? Never got to play that, but the DOS version would work great with DOSBox. Or perhaps the whole game could be available in Wasteland 2 on an antique arcade system or old game console discovered in our travels. @Benjamin Just to add an example in favor of your point: Arcanum. It had both TB and RT combat, and they both sucked. In general, if you want real time combat, you shouldn't back this project. It's specifically stated by Brian Fargo that this is meant to be old school and turn based. Mass appeal isn't the point of this project, then he would've agreed to the proposed changes made by various publishers. I've backed, but mostly because of the promised linux support. I'm going to submit this to a few linux sites to see if I can help spread the word. Please make the linux support as prominent on the front page as OSX. Cheers There is and should not be any connection between what you pledge ( your share in the game so to say) and the value af the box you get in your mailbox. If you pledge $5000 or 15 does not matter for the value of the game in the box and what tax you must pay if any. The taxrules for importing via mail to Norway I thing is above Nkr. 200, about $ 35, belove you pay no tax. NP, and one game that did sort of mix things rather well was X-COM: Apocalypse by Microprose in the late 90s. Before an alien encounter, one could choose a real-time or turn based approach. My feeling was the real time engine was broken, but some people swore by it. Another game that sort of had a hybrid of the two was the Baldur's Gate series. At its core, it was a turn based game... the game just didn't pause for player input at the end of each turn. You could in fact turn on an option to allow that style of turn based play. The pause button was effectively stopping to input new commands for subsequent turns. That being said this is not a large studio production and doesn't have the capital to employ something as robust as the Infinity engine (though I've got no idea what licensing Infinity actually costs). Whatever they do come up with will have to be within the confines of a couple million dollars. If they build their own engine for this, then only concentrating on one style of play greatly simplifies matters and shortens development time. @Benjamin that is exactly what I meant to say. Thx Andrew A. Malin Are the sausage any good? :-) I think they mean that by diverting precious attention and resources to create two separate systems that must work together could possibly leave more bugs than intended. Whereas, concentrating on one style provides a more narrow controlled environment. Splitting their efforts may be more trouble than its worth, in other words. I don't think they meant flawed in the sense of there is something inherently flawed about mixing the two systems. @Xianthos I don't understand. fo1 and fo2 were turn based games. not real time. Good move to add to the 5 and 10 thousand tier contributor numbers, but $2500 tier major fail still sticks out like a sore thumb and needs to be refined or eliminated. Also, (as have others here), suggest doubling to 200 contributors the highly popular and extremely successful sold out $1000 tier. Anyone else tempted to pledge $2500 just so it doesn't look so gosh darned LONELY over there? @Igor Kurtes Why should both system be flawed? It worked very well in Fallout 1 / 2 and Tactics. I enjoyed turn based while my brother loved "non turn based" (more action and faster). @campugnatus watch your language m8. we are still not in Wasteland! :) @Emanuel Mayer Exactly! When game goes to stores there will be regular CE edition and It should be that price on my package and not $250 pledge.. (or $265) I'm so fucking glad to see people giving so much money to fund a game. That's a dream of game development :) @Roman: das stimmt allerdings. man kann gegebenenfalls hoffen, dass es eine Art CE später geben wird zum Rum-Orientieren des Preises -.-' This user's account has been deleted. @WolfCarter I think it would take too much time and money to make both systems anyhow. And I see biggest problem at balancing both systems with gameplay. We could end up with both systems having flaws because of one-another. @Igor Kurtes I knwo that otherwise i would not have been among the backer, nevertheless i think it would be nice if the player if the player is given the choice. Anyway Old school turn based is fine by me, i miss the fallout 1 and 2 fight. 19% auf Warenwert müsste bei 50 Dollar (ohne Versandkosten): 38,25*0,19=7,27 Euro Aufpreis sein auf das komplette Paket @WolfCarter while I can understand your request, the only promise so far from Fargo is that i will be old school turn based top down game. I estimate 99% people backing this game don't want to have any real time combat in this game. We are promised turn based game. We pledge for that. As simple as that. Almost 2500 $100 backers. That's pretty awesome. Would it be possible to have the choice between turn base and real time for combat so everybody gets what he wants from the interview with Fargo GZ: We watched your Kickstarter video which was not only informative but humorous, how similar was that to the actual process of trying to get backing for Wasteland 2 before Kickstarter? Brian Fargo: Every single comedy bit in that Kickstarter was taken from real meetings. I had people that have never heard of Interplay, or Publishers that were excited about the product who then subsequently never called me back but sent me Facebook game requests for the games they were playing. I told myself 'This guy won't return my calls, but he wants all this stuff from me on Facebook!' And even the red boots, we were in a meeting and they sent some junior guy who wanted to sit there for an hour and talk about the color and height of the boots! So this was all drawn from reality. I kid you not. to laugh or cry? This user's account has been deleted. @Roman thx for that! I think I thought it was 37EUR but probably it was ca 37USD at that time This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. less then $100k til you windows users get an allegedly bigger world! damn, that sucks Lassi. In aus we only have to pay GST (same as VAT) if the value is over AUD$1,000 ($1,050 US approx) This user's account has been deleted. In Finland we have to pay Value Added Tax for every purchase over the value of 45,45€ (=58.833$ by todays rate) that is bought outside of the EU. So if the value of the plegde would show in the package, customs would stop it and release the product only when I have paid the Value Added Tax. Which in my case (pledge 115$) would be 25,3$. I've bought stuff from Amazon and other sites lots of times!Always send by USPS.Never paid import taxes or customs.Once something arrived to me with UPS .Paid almost double amount for the customs . As far as I know ,when something ships from US with their national postal service (USPS),there are not any customs or taxes paid afterwards.That's because they ,and each ones country postal service is national employees and it's their job ( and you pay taxes for that) to import and deliver you your goods.When the delivery is with national courier services,then you pay extras for customs etc etc.Done this lots of times ! Anyone interested, here is an exclusive interview with Brian Fargo himself <url>£135 or more. @Michele I think that this is something that all that seek support through KS should work on and check legal standing. At least physical value of pledge should be counted instead. for example if CE version of the game will cost $50 than my pledge of $250 should not be written on the package, but $50 only as it is "real" value. @Igor: Unfortunately, as far as I know, the only companies allowed to do that are the charity organizations. Just upped my pledge from 100 to 250... while the reward is nice... I have plenty of Mac/Linux friends that should be exposed to this game and I'm a PC user. thank you for the quick response and clarification of the process, so glad this is becoming reality. I really hope you guys achieve the marked 1.5 million because there is never enough content for such games thanks again. Day ago its was less that 1,000,000 when I goes to a sleep. So its near to $200,000 for a day. Good result! Regarding international shipments We in Europe will have to pay taxes.... But, we are not buying a game here. We are investing in it and for that we are getting a reward. This should not be considered as purchase and in my opinion it should be sent by inXile as a gift. This user's account has been deleted. @Salla: Thx! I will now move along... Can i have a friends name credited instead of mine, assuming you will credit all the $100 backers, because it will be a very long list. yeah, driving to work with that fine sound of postapocalypse =) epic :D @Emanuel Woah nice! Thanks for letting us know. Nice morning surprise. It would be quite good to see the dynamic chart of the size of a pledges in time. So, lets bet what come first: 30,000 backers or $1,500,000 pledges. I will bet on pledges again. @wickedinsane Yes, your shipping is now covered. :) Yes, thats right. I have increased my pledge from 100$ to 115$ - Do I assume correctly that the shipping is now covered? Everyone - we should start tweeting @EA demanding Wasteland 1 be made available somehow. At last. btw, I didn't even played Wasteland then, I was like 3 years, and there wast'n any computers in my town. But I have trust in Fargo ;) btw... the remastered OST of F1 and F2 is available on <url>от Акелы и Гоблина естественно, со встроенной рекламой водки и пельменей. @Dan Panuska, @Roman Grazhdan - I've pretty much seen the opposite so far - there have been several PC users post that they have added extra money to their pledges to try and get the total up to $1.5 million faster for the Mac and Linux users - I would do it myself if I had more money to spend, but between this project and the Double Fine one I'm pretty tapped out at the moment. So please ignore any asshattery you have come across. We are all just gamers here. Ждемс... Интересно, какой будет перевод? Brian Fargo i owe you about half my childhood! I wonder what Kind of engine the game will have, I liked the Torchlight engine(would not think it would be too expensive to match it?) although I guess due to the post apolitical world, you need a more grainy and tough looking for a engine. All I really want is a nice modern day engine, graphics aren't a premium but it must be polished and have a modern day feel....it sucks that we have to wait a year and half for this game, want it now but patience is a virtue! i did buy first one for c64 and it was awesome, my hopes are up for wasteland2. No more in-game statues and shrines, please. Fine, the 2.5k initiative didn't quite work out, but that's not the way to fix the problem. @Roman Not sure who is making negative comments towards Mac or Linux. I use Windows and OSX on a regular basis. Clearly the platform does not change the content. However, there is a lot of work that goes into making an application run on multiple operating systems. I just want a great game (which is going to happen!). Can't we all just get along? Looks like the Exploded Blood Sausage idea needs a little overhaul. Not too popular! I remember buying this game and the store clerk exclaimed that I would loose sleep and call in sick more often! Boy was he right!!!! This is one of my favorite games of ALL TIME and I'm glad to be able to help Kickstart it with my Pledge of $100! I wonder if the company could possibly post an update explaining that designing the game keeping several operating systems in mind does not withdraw from the story, quests and such maybe next time. These 'screw mac and linux' posts really annoy me. I would probably buy win-only game after it's ready and proven to work with emulators, or maybe just throw in $15 to see what comes out of it, but I'd not try to think what I can do without this month and pledge more and I wouldn't spend time convincing other people to join the campaign and explaining them what is all this stuff about, how kickstarter works and why it's important to back the project. You just say 'screw you, people stupid enough to run mac or linux, we don't care that you proved to make quarter of total payments in similar projects, we don't care about you and just want the game you stupid fanboys' Please just stop. @ Merlin : Awesome stuff man. Thx for the link. Now back to waiting for W2 release. This user's account has been deleted. Once more before it ends - there's a student film being made in the Fallout universe with a Kickstarter campaign about to end. 15 hours to go and he still needs about $250. Anyone at all interested in checking it out here's the link - <url>"YAY, WASTELAND 2!!!" ongoing coverage. Upped my pledge again. God damn you Fargo....I have rent and shit...stop it stop it stop it!!1 Make it awesome first and foremost before bringing it to various platforms (insert hate mail here). Any multi-player in the plans(local or otherwise)? I remember playing Icewind Dale over a home-made crossover cable with a friend and having a fantastic time! An OSX version would be great, but i look forward at the 1,5M$ mark for the expanded world and quests! :) Hello from another Russian fan. Please make a linux version of game. Oops. I need remove button here :( Please check my link at botton, I want to create complete modding-feature request for game. @Sean Patrick Gallaty C +1 for Linux support modding support! That's why I am backing this. I want all game objects to be in .xml files, and everything to be as open as possible. Let the fans crowdsource it once it releases Well, the original required a 1MHz CPU and 64K of RAM, so probably double that. I'm curious what the minimum specs will be. Since turn-based, that probably won't take a lot but I'm cautious. @Raphael: <url>"I don't care about the storyline enough to read text" crowd? I thought fallout did it just right. Talkies for main quest / main character stuff and everything else speechbubbles and sfx. In my opinion, an expanded music score is more important than voice overs. @Nein Eins: previous blutwurst reward+ my grampa's exclusive plumb rakı (min 60% alcohol) I know this is stupid,but I must have watched the promo video like 3 times ,just to hear him say" YES,I GOT YOUR BEJEWELLED REQUEST"...his little smirk and the way he almost laughs himself just kills me,and then when he says "Maybe we should use Birds as weapons",honestly,the sarcasm just pours through...Hilarious,put this purity into the game. What do you get for skipping to the 5g? :O whoever pledges first to $2500 tier gets 5 kgs of blutwurst from me! :D Add your ideas and vote: <url>#16/e=1f7176 Vote about extra funding usage: <url>~55$ per person ) AWWW... 20,000 backers! 20,000 backers, awesome! Come on, $1.1M... How many statues are they gonna put in the game?? xD AAAH, 50s are gonna get bought. nice :D :) I believe somebody want to make $250+ pledge! And $1,100,000! Probably the extras where for the 1000ds.I don't see any moves to correct that !?! Still think 20,000 is first, but you can never know They increased all 2500, 5000 and 10000 tiers. 2500 instead of 1000* Haha, did they accidentally increase the 2500 tier or was that on purpose? Weeee need just 3 $250+ backers :) Right now 10k reward available, so somebody can get to this level :) Don't think so SXX 20000 is first :-) The speed is down at $20 each and 3 every 2 minutes @SXX: I wondered the same, and was sure it would be $1.1M, but now I'm not convinced. Simultaneous, perhaps! Awesome, Brian just replied on Twitter: "If the fans want us to do a countdown we definitely will." I hope that the few mentions of wanting it so far here in the comments aren't alone! I'm now looking even more forward to 32 days' time. :D Whats first? 20000 backers or $1.1 mil? Yeah, Avellone's KStarter will be nuts I think. @infestor It's been in the works a while, but the KickStarter may have encouraged them to announce something now since W2 is generating some oldschool RPG hype. Just need an Avellone RPG now to get the 1 2 3 combo. @Daniel Mackey: Just checked your link and it's nice to see that your page is also linking to the pages i regulary visit: Lemon64, forum64, retrohackers ( I've got my new Power Supply build by Doc from the forum64 page). It's great to see that this nice little Machine is still in use in so many households :-) I have just bought the DC2N recently to back up my old Tapes and of course i am using the 1541UI & II to play the goodies. great hardware by Gideon. But back to Topic: Almost 1.1million !!!!! Awesome !!!! @Scott Autoduel popped into my head as soon as I first saw this page. Admittedly I'm not a huge fan of turn based combat, but in some games it's better. Regardless, I would to see a new vehicular sandbox post apocalypse RPG, like say something based on Road Warrior, but something with depth and lots of exploration. I had kinda hoped Rage would be like that, but it turned out to be basically corridors and no survival element, no depth of any kind really. did wasteland 2 spark baldur's gate refurbished release? ladies and gentlemen, I expect the 1.1m in the next minutes! Mark Morgan, you say? You will take this $30 and like it, I say. As an aside, while I remember Wasteland from my youth - for some reason, some scenario with a bomb? sticks out in my mind because it was so unusual for this type of game. And I remember the paragraphs. But this was not the Interplay game I remember the most. That belongs to The Bard's Tale (duh) and Legacy of the Ancients. You know what I'd love to see an update of, though, and not a twitch shooter, but an actual tactical, turn-based representation of: Autoduel. Autoduel was, seriously, the first sandbox games. *Sigh* I love that game. Hey Anton Schneider-Michallek, I run a Commodore Website and BLOG, Click my name and then the website link. Amazing, @ almost $1.1 mil! This is my first Kickstarter. Really excited about this game. I wonder what the unique quirky skill is... sugestions good peoples :-) Seems like $68 on each and 8 pledges every two minytes @Jozape: I completely agree. :) I've tweeted it to him as a suggestion. Hey guys, maybe this is too much to ask for but could you offer the playable Steam beta to all backers? Maybe throw something else small into the 75$ reward tier? It can't hurt to have more people testing the game, can it? @hendawg_ofthemiddle I really wondered if anyone would care about a game that came out in the 80s and then never really came back. There are a lot more Wasteland fans than you'd think but the Fallout fans are definitely being a huge help. Hope most aren't disappointed. @Sole Song Me too. I know it'll get there, but I don't think I could sleep until I saw it myself. Hehe. @Paul I hope Brian is considering doing a stream near the end then. Would be cool to see all the inXile guys who are going to work on the game regardless. I played the original for the first time on an Apple IIe back in '91 and fell in love with it. I've played it many times since then, now relying on DOSBox to get my fix... I can't wait for this sequel. I can't say how excited I was when I heard Brian had acquired the rights, and how many times I've checked his company's website since then to see if they had started it yet... This is awesome I have always loved fallout 1 and 2 and Wasteland came out when I was born. I am personally really looking forward to trying the ancestor of fallout as well as the one of the earliest if not the earliest sandbox consequence game , but I must admit I didnt think it would get funded but glad it has and look forward to seeing it come out and playing it. Plus I do enjoy anything that diverts control from publishers! About one $15 pledge every second minutes, and 1,5 mill is reached in 32 days :-) Congratulations, guys. I hope this marks the beginning of a renewed interest in creative ideas and original game design. Combine those with today's technology and modern production pipelines, and the sky is truly the limit. I would like to see $ 1,100,000 before I go to bed :-) @Scott M. Bruner: I spent far too much time watching the Double Fine Kickstarter, so I can say with confidence that yes, after its first explosive day-or-two, it slowed down a lot, but every update posted gave it a boost, and the last two days were very active (as is typical of most Kickstarter projects). The last 12 hours were insane, and the livestream no doubt helped. :) I don't think we'll have any trouble getting $1.5M, especially since Mac and Linux users like myself might not have heard of the project yet, and will be eager to push it to that overfunding goal. Beating Double Fine's record might be a stretch, but I'll never say never, after seeing that rally from a flagging $2.3/$2.4-ish-million to its final $3.3M total in under a week. Poor, lonely exploded blood sausage. 2 reasons I backed this project. 1) I love old-school RPGs. 2) I have a old C2D Macbook Pro which can't play new 3D games Please, please please back this project so I can get my Mac version! =) Best of luck with the project, Brian. I can't wait to play Wasteland 2! OOC - anyone here familiar, cause I didn't really pay attn, on how the Double Fine support came in? Did it peter off as well after initial rush? Trying to predict final outcome. I think it might be really close as far as getting $1.5 mil considering how it's slowed. It'd stink if the Linux users didn't get the port. @Anton. Thanks. Ah, Basic. I still remember typing in programs into my Commodore Pet. In 1983. @Sole Song: You're welcome. Glad I could help. :) I also love the fact that we've got C64 BASIC making an appearance in the comments (and being added to). @ Scott: Line 100 should be : 100 goto 10 or 100 Input "Another try";A$ 110 if A$ ="Y" then 10 120if A$="N" then end 130 goto100 :-) Paul Chaplin (CottlestonPie) Thanks, you are spot on :-) @ Daniel ;) @ Daniel. Here I'll do it myself. Enter this in your c64: 10 Print "Welcome to Wasteland 2: A Journey Through An Apocalyptic Nightmare 20 Print 30 Print "By Brian Fargo and Team." 40 Print 50 Print "Commodore 64 Version by Scott M. Bruner" 60 Print "Your band of Desert Rangers meets a Mutant Screecher! What do you do?" 70 Input=3$ 80 If 3$="fight" go to 90 90 Print "Your ashes are scattered in the wasteland..." 100 End @Daniel: The Idea sounds great ! I still have a couple C64s running over here , but i think it's almost impossible. Maybe if they would use the REU inside the 1541U I or II. But i think this is just a dream. Dangit I want to be an NPC in the game. @infestor you sure you want to do that? D3 had an awful lot of good stuff chopped out, if you loved D1/2.. You most likely won't like D3. I'm so glad to see this is going to happen. Here is an idea, If we get the $1.5mil mark, how about a Wasteland 2 for the Commodore 64? There ARE still a lot of people that play with them. I have 2 systems setup that get used almost every day for one thing or another. @Sole Song: Sorry if I misunderstand, but if you mean how do you put your picture next to your name, you can go here: <url>"Save Settings" button at the bottom of the page. :) Stop this non-sense. There's no girls on the internet. Salla... anytime you told... how do I get my face up :-) @Conrad There's only one solution: run while you still can! Just gave you a push towards that Mac version. ;-) We'll hit 1.1 tonight methinks. I'm not going to try to predict the end. Continued progress is what counts. First pardone my spelling :-) I am sitting here, thinking about the ramefication around what is happening. One of the thing striking me is taht we are going to have fun fram this moment on and long past ending the game. In this time we will also have been partisipating in making a game, we have for shure learnt something new, and we have had a lot of fun for tiny handful of dollar :-) ... well, not so tiny for some, but tiny anyway. For my part I must drink 10 pints of beer less for the mony I put in and for all I get back. Okay Brian (& Company) --> I know you can build a great Wasteland 2...best of luck! Hap! i'm just about to pre-order diablo iii CE, me money is drying up :p It's indeed slowed down a little, but according to my calculations it's still around 10k per hour, but with smaller peaks than day before. But peaks are really almost disappeared so do the rate. If rate decline save it's current ratio I think that we meet 1.5m mark around Wednesday next week. Really hope that Brian will comes up with some cheesy news that will bust up the thing! We'll see what happens. I'm pushing it pretty hard in my social circles (but considering I /HATE/ Facebook, that's not going to well.) @Salta Omg it's a woman, guys what do we do! @Igor Kurtes Its can going slow by time of day. I sure this project will have 2.5 millions as minimum, but pledges will going more smooth because lots of Fargo's funs usually older that Schafer's :) But anyway this project will have more than 50,000 backers to end of time. yea,IMO,the beta access need's to be reduced, for at least 30-50$. There is also likely some fatigue in the pledging pool from the DF Adventure drive. I think that we'll see a higher uptick in pledges later on in the drive when people have recovered from their last pledges. Access to the beta for less than $75 please. Let us add a blood sausage t-shirt to any tier $50 or over for, say, $20. That should make for a nice jump in pledges. :) it is not slowed in terms of backers, but remember we don't have 10k 5k and 1k anymore.... Wasteland was the single most influential game I ever played as an impressionable youth. And probably the reason I'm so entertained by anything apocalypse-realted to this day. :) Planescape was probably the second -- I still remember my young heart being crushed by that awesomely bleak ending. So this is a beautiful thing all around. But please make an OSX port! xoxo come on get this to 1.5m I don't own a PC anymore. Yeah, :/ same thing happened with DF Adventure: first pledges were growing like crazy and then it slows down. It might fasten again if they made some juicy update or added new tier or something. it seems that the pledges have slowed down :( @Sole Song Anytime. ^^ Or here: <url>#16/e=1f7176 Please make this game downloadable through Steam, and achievements would be nice. Thanks Salla @Ulminati: We Codexians have been waiting a looooong time for this :) Can't wait to visit our shrine!! Here: <url>"blank check" ;) Just do it as you want. just clicking refresh (i kid you not) every minute and seeing the pledge go up about $1,000 is so amazing....the suits can hear you loud and clear now :-) @Ulminati: just jumped to the website. extremely awesome! =)) The old school RPG lovers at RPGCODEX.NET put together a donation drive to have a statue of their beloved RPGCodex Troll Mascot (drawn by Chris Avellone, no less) included as a giant statue or somesuch. In the tradition of awesome games receiving more support than people dared hope for, the angry old men who frequent the codex managed to gather up $6707 in less than a day and the pile is still growing. Major brofists to all involved. I pitched in $50, I need Mac/OSX version though! THANKS! @Brian Hankins Way to miss the point Did you see it, went up $100... I am with you :-) Had to with both the old goodies Fallout I and II This user's account has been deleted. Happy to be on board. Have fun making the game we're waiting for for too long. I'm very happy you're going to make a Linux port even if it didn't affect my decission to pledge. I'm a daily Linux user but I game on a Windows PC. Just as it was stated many times before it's neither particulary expensive nor difficult if you're going to make a MacOS version as well. P.S. I really hate paying Amazon to process my credit card payment. I'd much rather due without it and just put the money into the project instead. The more people can play this the better!! Let our numbers be heard and show we WANT turn-based, content-heavy, PC-centric, non-popamole, non-bloom infested cRPGs!! As long as their original vision is NOT compromised by expanding the user base then more power to them. C'mon guys, let's let the devs to the numbers and justify what's what with porting, etc. We're all here because we trust Brian's team, so we may as well leave the speculation at the door since inXile are the only one's who will know for sure what numbers they need for their purposes @Snake Plissken You understand its all wrong. Cross platform development doesn't cost $250,000, much more cheaper.Snake Plissken But 1.5 mil number just mean real success for this project. We got bigger world on 1.5 million and cross platform is bonus, but not like 250k for Linux/Mac porting. Looking forward to playing a classic PC RPG again. I know you guys will do a good job. @Sergio any cross platform development takes money, but not so big as you think. Everything what work on Linux or Mac, but windows based projects its a long story, they are not cross platform in basics. Most of developers spend just 5-10% of budget on code, so Linux/Mac porting its mostly question of used technologies and marketing. Publishers usually ignore mac users and always ignore Linux users, people give more money because they want to be part of protest against publishers, windows-only games. But cross platform its one of biggest benefits of indie gamedev. May be linux and mac users its just 10-20%, but usually we can give 30-40% of money on Humble Bundle. Some of people just want to support platform that they like because they want to play games without problems. Its kind of "war" where we all need come together for the victory! A few things: 1. For this project, and others like it, a pledge to release all releasable assets(code, levels, artwork, music, etc.) under liberal, and widely used open licenses, after some period of time, say 2-5 years after release, would pry a lot more money out of my pocket. 2. Try to forget that consoles and controllers exist when designing the UI, so many PC games have been made mediocre by planning for, or by being, console ports. But in a similar vein, many classic games, even great ones, had horrible UIs. So spend the time on the UI to make it shine. Two "good" top down RPG UIs, which have stood the test of time, are: 1. The Infinity Engine, which I know you're familiar with 2. Jagged Alliance 2, which you might not be familar with One significant flaw almost all Infinity engine games had was that way too much time was spent waiting for your characters to walk around, it was especially bad when there were pathing bottlenecks. JA2 mostly alleviated the problem by letting your mercs run, though they could run out of stamina if heavily burdened. JA2 also let you switch maps without having to go to the map edge, once they were cleared of enemies. Though I'm hoping, with today's tech, you'll be able to mostly avoid map change mechanics entirely. Fallout type fast travel, with random encounters, worked pretty well. Ok enough rambling, don't rush this game, take the time, and do it right. Sergio, Linux community has exactly the mindset needed for backing such sort of projects. They are ignored by major publishers and would jump on any Linux game, which you can see at previously mentioned humble bundle report. They pledge and they convince other to pledge, too, even if they have never played the original Wasteland, just because they, like you or Mr. Fargo want to be heard and want to make a statement, not only get another game no matter how great it is. We have half of our userspace applications developed and supported by volunteers. If you want all these people (including me) to fuck off keep up with that 'who needs OSes' stuff. Just backed. Hoping you get enough for the Linux version! (And that it comes in the boxed version?) @Sergio Where is the 20% figure coming from? @Sergio: Brian has made it clear that the game will be done right with 1M, be even bigger with 1.25M, and the final result ported to Mac and Linus for another 250K. Nothing is being taken away from game development with Brian's budget numbers. In short, I think I can channel the company that once said "By gamers, for gamers" and say "Get the game done right, then get it done on other OSes." I will accept no less, and I am sure others will agree. And that's from someone wanting the Mac version. @SXX Fine by me, make it Linux only and concentrate on the GAME. I'll find a way to play it somehow. Not a joke ;) Maybe a little perspective is needed? OSes come and go .. they're just OSes. Games like Wasteland on the other hand...think of it this way, would you take away 10, 20% of the locations and quests the original Wasteland had so you could have an Archimedes or MSX version? Who cares about that now? This is more than just about an awesome game and more than Linux. This does represent a paradigm shift in how games are made. Away from the big corporations and back to the people. Truely a great moment and I'm glad to be a part of it. Official linux support at 1.5million = my pledge went up significantly :D Joke :) @Sergio Sure. Lets ask them to make it Linux or Mac only. I don't have windows installation... so... I think it's a waste of resources to make different OS versions of this game. $1 million, $2 million is not such a large amount for this sort of game, nor is 1.5 years an awfully long time to make it. if you do the different versions you ARE taking away from the gameworld, complexity, quests, music, etc... Go and vote for features you'd like to see: <url>ück und hoffentlich bleibt es bei dem ehrgeizigem Zeitplan! I'm just happy they reached the funded goal. Make it best RPG to date please :-). I really hate what is going on with games nowadays. Hopefully, without publisher's pressure, you will be able to come up with awesome game. Can't wait! Awesome to see this project is going to get off the ground! As we are all being nostalgic about older games, I would love to see a remake of either Legacy of the Ancients or The Legend of Blacksilver. I still boot them up every now and then via C64 emulation. Brian: Thank you to consider investing your time in this project. Happy to be a part of this, even if my contribution is rather modest. yeah I see the message now, you should see a enter button or a image that you click to enter the site, but its slow and Igor Kurtes has posted what;s there, so there is nothing else @Umbrae Soulsbane: Wow, I love your Avatar! I wished Richard Garriott would remember the slogan of his old company, "We Create Worlds"! Greetings from Minstrel Dragons, UDIC greybeard... I just hope they don't spoil it by revamping the game for consoles, or a monkey island speical edition thing, that played better with the original graphics on PC, rather then the updated GUI, which was annoying to use, I still can't read that, I still get the skull with the zeroed timer on it my main hope it will be for PC / mac first, then maybe consoles, otherwise the game won't be worth playing You add it when you pledge. In the field you can type in any amount. So you'd type $65 and pick the $50 pledge. For the 50$ one , i must add 15$ now or it will be asked later ? ( when the game dev is over and the box ready to ship ? ) there is no BGIII... enhanced... not sure if trolling :| Atari, Wizards of the Coast, and Overhaul Games are pleased to announce work has begun on the Enhanced Edition of Baldur’s Gate and Baldur’s Gate II. Since its initial release in 1998, Baldur’s Gate has entertained millions of fans around the globe, and has received countless awards. This classic saga of mystery, intrigue, and adventure has set the standard for Dungeons & Dragons® computer roleplaying games ever since. RE-FORGED BY OVERHAUL GAMES Overhaul Games has assembled a talented team of artists, programmers and designers to enhance this timeless classic. To remain true to the spirit of the game, the team includes original Baldur’s Gate developers. RELIVE THE MOST EPIC STORY EVER TOLD Baldur’s Gate: Enhanced Edition™ and Baldur’s Gate II: Enhanced Edition™ will feature a re-forged version of the Infinity Engine with a variety of modern improvements. Any word on that Hardcover Art Book? yeah the marketing and wording for that reward is badly off, so the explanation in that link is a bit better, still I think it could have been worded better or again something else put in its place Get hype. Pledged. Now, where do I pay for the Autoduel II Kickstarter?? Amazing!! I'm going to up my pledge when this gets to 1.5. Need the mac version! I really hope we can get to the 1.5 million mark. I really want this on OSX!!! Saludos desde Costa Rica, adoramos el trabajo de Brian Fargo y la narrativa y humor de los juegos en los que el se ha envuelto. Aun recuerdo con mucho cariño comprar Fallout 1 en su hermosa caja grandota y su tapa que se abria, que horas de alegrias nos dio. Done $100 En nombre mio y de mi hermano! Hehehe, I too actually thought you'd get a statue of an exploding bloody sausage. Instead what they're referring to is some sort of creature statue being blown to bits (hence bloody sausage). Makes more sense, but they could have made that clearer =) Source =<url>"Wasteland 2"-Facebook-Page. _ Don't they have a blog. _ Also there is no Link to the W2-FB-Page in the Update. @Paul Migaj I like that idea, I think they should have put a bit more thought into that tier, so deign a quest idea I think would work wonders and help a lot to boost the total amount of raised funds, that is a really good idea, and because its limited too, and its a lot of money, so that is a good idea and I approve of it Keep in mind that a sizeable portion of Doublefine's funding came in around the last day or two of the drive. So while backing has slowed, there could still be a good push near the end if there's media exposure going on Linux support at 1.5 is on! Ive always was aware of Fargo's work, but I missed out on Wasteland as a kid. I can't wait till this game comes out. I think that is a pretty good idea for the 2500$ Tier Paul M. I think 2500 tier starts to move after the bigger tiers are all sold out. @paul migaj: Designin a mission/quest is acutally pretty cool idea. That could be a good bait. well, I feel KS is going to ruin me, I just upped my pledge to $100 for the CE edition, so hopefully we will get to 1.5 mill before long, I can't go any higher, and I thought I wouldn't go past the $50 mark, but as this project has been successfully funded, (while a windows user) I think the extra money to get to 1.5 mill is justifiable (and helps to make a mac and unix builds possible and a bigger game to boot. lets not stop here folks, if we want a bigger game on more platforms, we got to get past the 1.5 milestone now I hope I still got a lot of funds left over, and hope there won't be any more really good KS projects like this and double fine for a while, otherwise it will ruin me anyway, here;s my exta money to make this game great! Idea for $2500 level: Help design a quest in the game. You will work with one of our team members in designing and fleshing out a small quest in Wasteland. ...or something similar. At 100 spots it would make the game bigger AND raise a lot of money at that tier. Please let the game be easily moddable! Of course it was going to slow down after the initial rush. Again, all they need to average is $100,000 a day and that's three million plus more. Hell, if they only average $50,000 a day from now on that's still another 1.6 million on top of the million plus already pledged. My first Kickstarter project that Iam supporting and it is a success. Greetings from germany! I feel stupid. What is the official Wasteland 2 Facebook page? There are so many Wasteland FB pages :-) or maybe a signed hardback book and concept art? at that price, I think both would be good, especailly as the tier is limited anyway I upped my pledge from $50 to $100 with the Linux port news! I'm sure we'll make it, thanks everyone! This user's account has been deleted. It has slowed tremendously - but there's still 33 days left! It won't likely hit Double Fine's record - but I think 2 mil is reasonable. The $1.5 mil mark though is the big one, that's the Linux/Mac threshold. This is beyond fascinating to me. It's a shame we have to wait...what, 19 months for the game, but that's still a very reasonable development time. I'm just curious what the next project is? I'm going to keep banging my Bard's Tale IV drum. Kickstarter is going to bankrupt me. It starting to be my sole source of video game purchases. :) Can't wait to see this one! I loved Wasteland and carried that love into the many Fallout games. With the disappointing remake of Jagged Alliance I cannot wait for a true turn based game! It has slowed quite a bit since passing the 1 million mark. @paul_chaplin: I pledged to get one of the boxes too. It's been nearly 20 years since I last bought a game that had a nice box like the Double Fine Adventure is promising, and with this one doing the same it's absolutely worth it to me. It's such a nostalgia bringer that I just HAD to do it. As a huge fan of the Fallout franchise (including email conversations with Tim Cain and other original FO designers when working on Fan Made Fallout) I can't help but bounce around a bit with excitement! ~Tank Thanks for adding Linux support at $1.5*10^6. Copy bought :) Double Fine x Wasteland? Might be close... good mod support would be awesom even if its only the text, so that dedicated fans can translate the text in their language to broaden the audience I assume they realize that not a single person has pledged 2500 and that reward tier will be altered. perhaps some new tier that allows you to do a private talk with Brian Fargo or other developpers on G+ or Skype or something.. like the 10'000$ tier, but for international bakers too.. I would pledge and buy the game just for the sheer fact that I'm that happy you guys are back in the industry. Mac version! Although I never played the original I'am in now. I like the idea, I like DRM free and I like taking influence on the game. What about Portuguese? Can it be translated (and dubbed, maybe) in my native language? Would be PERFECT. I can even reccomend sobre studios :) the $2,500 tier needs to be revalidated and changed, I haven't a clue what AN EXPLODED BLOOD SAUSAGE is suppose to be? and even if I had that kind of funds, wouldn't touch that teir with a barge pole. I think the tier needs to be scrapped or changed, and something better put in that reward level, especially if the project is going to reach a large amount of money, say in the 3 mill area, (but then again I thought double fine wouldn't go that high) but still, if the reward tier was changed, then maybe then people will pledge to that level, I think there should be some discussion over this reward and what can be done about it to make it popular Just to echo: Go, Linux, go! :D I think if we show no signs of slowing down and get close to the $1.5M mark (as I expect), I'll just have to up my pledge and get myself a good-old-fashioned cardboard box to sit next to my Double Fine Adventure one. It'll be interesting to see details of further overfunding goals. Part of me doesn't want this to beat Double Fine's record, but I think even more of me wants to show that it's now a more-than-viable option for games, and not just a blip. :) Looking forward to playing the sequel! Great news on the Mac version if it reaches 1.5m, very probable. Go Linux go! @ozymandias: yes, everytime I order a humble bundle, I see them I hope, they will join us :D they need to put a picture up of the $2,500 signed figurine, even if it's just concept art for it. Otherwise I don't think anyone is going to go for it. Just eliminate the maximums on all tiers, period... @Snake Plissken: Though I like the sound of that jacket. @Merin Agree, they really should study Rich Burlew´s OOTS project. I guess no-one expected Rich, being online fantasy stick figure comic artist, all alone to achieve >1M$ to reprint some out of print comic books mainstream comic fan has never heard of. I think what made it work out so well was that artist himself was very devoted and understood that he needed to orchestrate the drive as memorable event, he basically was orchestrating memorable event rather than jus stating that "with this money you get this and that, period". I think most of people ended following project daily due to everyday updates with comic graph, extra online comics and followed forum frenzy. Followed the drive pretty closely (I suspect many others were hooked up), and eventually ended up upping my pledge probably four times. Starting point for Wasteland2 is bit different, target market is probably ten-fiftyfold in size. First need to get everyone who´s played same genre games aware about this, then get very same people more involved to this. My advice; start daily updates and tell people what you´re going to invest this money into after initial 1M goal was reached. Quote Snake: My suggestion for the $2500 tier is to add a Wasteland 2 jacket, with logo on the front and some original artwork on the back. I'm up to my earlobes in T-shirts, but another jacket (leather would be nice, but not required) would be difficult to resist. -quote This is a good idea. I think the $2500 tier should be canceled and the $1000 tier should be expanded to a maximum of 200 backers. @Richard Blackrose: My suggestion for the $2500 tier is to add a Wasteland 2 jacket, with logo on the front and some original artwork on the back. I'm up to my earlobes in T-shirts, but another jacket (leather would be nice, but not required) would be difficult to resist. @Emanuel Mayer -- if the Humble Bundle statistics are accurate, there are at least as many Linux gamers and Mac gamers -- and they are far more generous with their money. Hell yeah, congrats on breaking the $1M mark. I'm listening to Fallout 1 OST right now :) Congratulations on this ultimate victory! I just upped my pledge - having this on all 3 platforms would be amazing. Cheers! =) The hardest part will be waiting 2 years for the game to come out. I guess if there is an average of $50 per pledge, and we can get the same about of people that DoubleFine had, then we can get almost 5 million.... lets look, if the linux-users really gonna join this project like the promised army of gamers :O) so far,the rate seems to be at 1.5 times less then double fine's,but it's still a rate for more then 2 million,as long we can keep it up,or might break it :D All they need to do now is average a $100,000 a day for the next 30 plus days and you do the math. And fix that damn $2500 tier major fail! Add more 1000's, heck, add more 10,000's but do something about that donation black hole. @Salla: because we have you :) You'll have your OS X and Linux releases if this reaches 1.5 mil. Why don't people read FAQ? ^^ @theStark, at 1.5 million,and OSX and Linux will be added Selfishly I'd be happy at 1.25m, being mostly a "pc gamer", but of course I'd love to share the fun so hoping for at least 1.5m. :) Mac OS X Please! You had me at turn based @Sean, FYI - its the third day. :) Just for comparison - the budget for Skyrim is estimated at $100 million. Also, next tier is $1.25M. Let's hit it! I'd like to see game hit at least $2 million - but I think it's going to slow down, now. 1 million after the first day. Yeah, yeah I think we're going to be okay. I mean it's not like I've been telling every new-school gamer I meet "Well, it's no wasteland..." Shut up and take my money! Here is some fan fiction to keep you occupied until Oct 2013! Enter The Wasteland: Episode 1 Built using "The Movies" this is the story of a group of Desert Rangers headed into the Wasteland. <url>"haha, publishers, you totally underestimated how much people want this". then of course there is lazy programming, as there are vast differences between XBOX 360 and the PS3, skyrim is a good example of this, the game was programmed for the Xbox, then ported to PS3 and PC, the PS3 version was broken, (and still is as far as I know, even with the patches the devs have released) they should have canned the PS3 release altogether, but didn't. I think this is another problem with consoles, as programming for them is difficult, mainly for the PS3 one, unless are programmers that write code for it. (and I think Sony has no support at all given to small indie devs / studios either) this may or may not change with the up coming consoles that are coming out soon @John Ruf: It would be interesting to know how often Wasteland 2 has been turned down by publishers. The ratio would be totally pointless though. What information do you intend to gain from (times turned down by publishers)/(days needed to be fully funded) which is essentially x/2. Again, the ratio would not contain any usable information. All Your Base Cochise Belong To Us! It would be interesting to know the ratio between how many times this game was pitched and turned down to how many days it took the fans to fully fund it. @Jessi, You are absolutely right. It's is more the developers fault than the consoles. Too many games now days are built around the console then ported to PC. Most developers don't even put out dedicated PC versions anymore. This creates a game that is hindered by the consoles shortcomings (let's face it, current consoles are getting old now) and don't take full advantage of a modern OCs capabilities. Hence, so many console ports nowadays being released supporting only DX9 when most PC vid cards support DX11.. Have my money for the game I want to play on the platform I want to play, let's hit 1.5 million for Linux support (and OSX of course). OotS is Order of the Stick, a web comic that had one of the most successful Kickstarter drives ever... before Double Fine, that is, but Tim Shafer is a much bigger name than Rich Burlew and his web comic, as popular a web comic as it is. Look for Order of the Stick on Kickstarter, or go to wikipedia and see the top Kickstarter campaigns ever, I think OotS is 3 or 4 (lowered now as Wasteland 2 has about 200K to go to pass it) Hey while you guys are at it, go bug Chris Avellone to get the Planescape: Torment 2 kickstarter going as well. Good luck Fargo 'n crew! Look forward to seeing this when it finally ships. I enjoy console gaming, but there are certain interfaces that just react better to keyboard inputs and mouse control, just as some types of gameplay work better with a controller. I don't think it's fair to blame consoles in general for low quality games. The problem occurs when developers consistently release all games over all platforms, including PC. The interface becomes diluted in order for the gameplay to be accessible on all platforms. Releasing a game over multiple platforms makes it difficult to take advantage of any one platform's unique strengths. I just don't think Wasteland 2 would benefit from widespread console release. What is OOTS? @Merin Agreed! I backed OOTS, too, and my pledge grew as the drive went on. I'm going to reiterate that Brian and the gang at inXile should definitely study the way that Rich Burlew at OotS ran his Kickstarter. Add goals that the donators can reach with new things added that most (if not all) who donate can gain benefit from if those goals are reached. It becomes a game - people checking back to see if the latest goal is broken. Then, when it is, another goal is set with another "reward." These rewards, obviously, should be things added to the game overall if possible (off the top of my head - "if we reach $2 million, we will have an old-school expansion that all donators above level X (say, $30?) will receive for free as a digital download when completed - though that might not be the right amount to finance that, it's just an example) With goals to reach, people dig deeper and add more. Especially if the goals benefit everyone who donated. it worked wonders for OotS. I cannot recommend it enough if inXile wants a bigger budget and a bigger impact on the gaming industry. @maxztt I misunderstood your sentiment. I thought you were arguing that we can't count on a Linux version in this case. @Łukasz Baranowski fully agreed, but not sure if you know, but MS are now going to start charging a lot of money to get patches through their XBL service, so really, putting games on XBL for indie devs and projects like these will be very expensive and a waste of time, to me MS is shooting themselves in the foot, lets not forgot that the controls will have to be altered to get this working on consoles, I disagree that this game and the double fine game should be made available on consoles completely, they got enough games already, and they are helping along with the publishers to make games poorer and poorer quality, but killing creativity and ideas, if people want a casual game, go and buy ME3, as that caters for the causal market nicely. if we are going to see a new breed of games, then we should not allow these games to be on consoles, fine they sell more copies, but then later once the game / IP license goes into publisher controlled, then this is where games become poor and hardly worth bothering with, DA:O not a bad game, but BG still is far better, DA 2 = ME2 and not worth playing IMO. sorry, but console games with publishers are killing gaming, I think its about time we change things before its too late I am more than happy, ecstatic actually, to be able to support the development of Wasteland 2. The original was so awesome, from days long gone when quality and creativity was the core of the game development industry. And I will most assuredly support future endeavors by Brain Fargo and his dev team. He was responsible for some of the most memorable RPGs of in PC gaming history. Going into Finster's head was a mindblowing act of storytelling that forever changed the way I thought about role playing games. Thank you Brian Fargo. Lets hope this becomes a great success :) i consider my donation a payment for all that time playing downloaded copies of fallout 1 and 2. If this come to a good end, it will be a plus. "You see an IBM AT on the table. The screen says Wasteland 2. You shiver with anticipation." I think that says it all !!! Brian Fargo resigned from Interplay back when it got bought out and became too corporate. The man quit to support his principles. That alone should give everyone enough comfort that his promises are good. @: Konstantin Zhukov: amen. count me in. @David Holmin Just to make it clear: when I pledge money on projects like these, I always consider like I'm gifting the money, not buying something. It's about supporting art, rather doing business. Loved that about Interplay.......BY GAMERS FOR GAMERS.... Still have an old copy of this game and all the manuals for the C64/28. Also have it for the PC that came in an Interplay 10 game anniversary box back in the 90s... People were talking about the soul of Interplay. By Gamers For Gamers. It was always that way !! There is no way is going to change now !!!! @David Holmin: Not in the same way as buying UT3 was. The whole business model here is based on that "promise" which they essentially also have to go through with if they get their funding. Otherwise their reputation is totally screwed. They couldn't just start changing rewards and so on, after the project is funded. Otherwise the angry mob would turn up at their studio. Just imagine them changing the $15 tier for a wallpaper after the funding is done. With UT3, Epic Games essentially said "Yeah, right, our GNU/Linux client just didn't make it on the DVD, but you will be getting it right after the release of the game.", later that turned to "We are still working on it.", then "It happens if it happens." and eventually to "It won't happen.". All of those statements by "Epic Games" were rather unofficial. I would not buy a game in such a case anymore, before seeing the GNU/Linux client/ having it on my computer. In this case, the development will start with the plan of having a GNU/Linux version and due to that fact there should be absolutely nothing turning up, hindering them from realizing it. It's a rather different case compared to UT3. I'll cut your nuts of if you even consider making this game on consoles! Also NO PAYED DLC! Consoles and DLCs destroy the gaming industry. No mouse = shitty interface. Don't go this way PLEASE! :) we might break kickstarter again at this rate, if people keep refreshing, but yeah I for one am refreshing every so often!!! and the figure is certainly climbing anyone else enjoy reloading the page just to see how fast its going up? :P @maxztt Ah OK, I see where you are coming from. I missed the part where LInux ports were promised but never delivered in your previous comment, my apologies. I don't think this is the case here since all this money is going to the development costs and they didn't raise the required pledge to get Linux support (from the 1.5 for Mac). Just let them know that it is very doubtful a company who is creating a game purely funded by the fans would turn right around and screw those fans over. If they are still skeptical, their loss will only be $15. @Jimmy Mok No, kickstarter pays when the fund closes. Can they get started on this already while collecting more money for the next 32 days? You're kind of making Linux users sound spiteful now, this doesn't get us any help from game developers or publishers. I can't speak for everyone, but I certainly am grateful for the way it was handled for this game. @PT_SD Most certainly. @maxztt These guys are doing it out of passion making games I find them much more trustworthy, UT3 was more for the money in my opinion and controlled by clueless people. They probably thought it'd make their profits look better ignoring Linux [which was deffo wrong] Never did play the original Wasteland (yea, I know I suck) but turn-based, top-down, tactical RPG...I fell for it. :) WIshing you guys all the best, and I can't wait to see what you guys can do without the publishers' "minor tweaks" being shoved down your throat. @maxztt Well, supporting a Kickstarter IS buying something purely based on a promise. @DavidH You are correct kind sir, in both aspects. I was emphasizing the latter, rather than the former. But, I would conclude a majority of that is due to the specific OS's relative market share. Would you agree? Looks like we just saved someone $100,000. Good job fans. @Eric Childers: For me, it's a set things. If they reach $1.5 million, there will be a GNU/Linux version. Otherwise they would totally destroy their reputation and credibility. But some people that I forwarded the news of the promised GNU/Linux version at $1.5 million to, reacted skeptical and in the way I described it. They had to think of "Epic Games" and "Unreal Tournament 3" (I myself still have the sealed collectors edition box here, I bought it in anticipation of the promised GNU/Linux client, At least it taught me not to buy anything purely based on promises again, even if the company had supported GNU/Linux with their titles in the past.) They also had to think of "Primal Carnage" which promised a GNU/Linux client and asked for donations. Then they changed their mind (and engine). Most people at least got their money back, after asking for it. People just would like to be in the developers conscience right away. "Ah, let's think of our GNU/Linux folks and also provide a client for them." instead of "Hey, we just had 2000 people asking for a GNU/Linux version, we better shouldn't miss out on that money." @PT_SD To be fair, The Humble Indie Bundle had the most income from Windows users, but yes, it also showed that Linux (and Mac) users chose to pay more per person, in average. For what it's worth, I'm primarily a Linux user, and was holding out for a firmer commitment (I deliberately avoid "promise") before pledging. Now I'm in on the fun. :) I also upped my pledge to Double Fine when they added Linux, and will probably do the same for W2 once we pass $1.5M and I can be sure I won't have to boot into Windows to play. :D Gaming on Linux is really starting to become viable these days, and I love that. So anyway, yeah, not all of us Linux-users are going to take our ball and go home just because we weren't mentioned *from the very start*. :) Also, consoles suck. PC forever! ;) over a million with 32 more days to go? I think inXile should make some suggestions for expansions over $1.5-2 million. Hey, I was wondering if we could have a hardcover art book with the 100 dollar collectors edition? Congrats on $1mil! Every dollar of it is deserved and warranted. I was lucky enough to play Wasteland and the other classic Interplay games back at the time they were released, and have basically been trying to find more games as good as them ever since. Brian, I can't wait to see what you guys come up with free from Publisher tampering. I love consoles, but you cannot have a good iso game on console. What I want on a console is like Street Fighter, Naruto Generations, Gran Turismo etc. Keep my Ultima, and Fallout and Wasteland on PC. Hi, linux-users, dont worry: tweet from Brian... Brian Fargo ‏ @BrianFargo #Linux users. We've heard your requests, and will include a Linux version (in addition to more content) at $1.5 million in pledges. @PT_SD no kidding. Linux users come out in droves for the Humble Bundle games, open their wallets, and dig deep. It would be nice to see game designers start to notice that. 1 Million dollars. Fantastic support guys! I predict at 2 million we finally get OpenbeOS/Haiku support. As an Linux user, I know that we will hit 1.5 million. The Linux army is always willing to support great ideas and games. Also, has the Humble Bundle stats, not shown how supportive Linux users are. We support Indie devs more than any other OS, we love you guys. Even if we never hit $1.5m, I'm happy to support a game developer who actually listens (plus I can play it in Wine, or whatever). Can't wait to see this take off! Turned based, tactical, topdown and RPG all in the same sentence? I didn't even hesitate despite having never played the original Wasteland... @Rob Crane Are you bananas old bean? Consoles are practically the enemy of complex Iso games. I think this money will only be enough to do a PC version and linux eventually, getting it to fit on a console will cost considably more and lose a lot of the original features. Console versions? I guess some people didn't quite understand what this game is really all about... @Julien Holef: 100% agreed @maxztt Wow. Let me understand this. inXile says they need at least 1.5 million to make a Mac version. People were saying they really wished it could be on Linux, some going as far to say they won't even pledge if there is no Linux version. InXile who likes to listen to their fans decides to port to Linux as well at the 1.5 million mark, they don't even need to raise more money then just the Mac Port. Now you are saying the LInux users are weary of pledging because inXile listened to them and wanted a bigger fan base, and more funding to make the game even better. Really?! Fuck yeah! Done in 3 days. Take that mainstream b***ches!!! =P Don't say such things about Linux users. They're as much a part of the gaming community as anyone else. :p They also tend to be a very vocal community with great ideas, and have a higher donation price during Humble Bundles and the sort than even Mac OSX users. I normally play on Windows OS personally. I've never even used Linux, but everyone counts here. +1 for Linux (even though it's already been decided at $1.5m) YAY!!! Back to the Wasteland!! I really like the fact that backers are from all over the world. It really shows how universal gaming is. It says it on project home as well. 1 million?! AWESOME!! Gratz to inXile, Fargo and to us! <3 Brian Fargo said on Twitter if it goes to 1.5 mil there WILL be a linux version. Please can we stop talking about it? @Rob Crane This is a PC ass PC game I don't see it working well on consoles. Look at dragonage they had to make it more action heavy to work. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Congratulations 1 000 000 + I second the voice that said an XBOX version,or even a PS version.They have the power to do this don't they? It is obvious that there is a "WE" in the Wasteland........ To follow up on what PT_SD wrote: The fact that you at first had only announced a Mac OS X version at $1.5 million left a bad taste for many GNU/Linux users, who now hesitate to pledge, because they fear that this is another Unreal Tournament 3 or Primal Carnage. They feel like being treated as the cash cows, and only after you saw that there is in fact money to make with them. Looks like Brian will save those hundred thousand dollars. Onward to $2M! :-D @trek I doubt 10 million is a realistic estimation. The pledges will fizzle out and are slowing down all ready. 2-3 million is possible though. @Trek Martin: The pledges don't continue at the same rate as Day 1-2, unfortunately. Double Fine did $1 million on Day 1, and ended at $3.3. Wasteland did $600k on Day 1, we will likely end up somewhere in the $1.5 to $2 million range. Not that I would mind if the pledged amount got much much higher :) Remember that Kickstarter and Amazon take 5% each, so it needs 1.1M for inXile to earn 1M. Next goal $1.5 Mil! Congratulations on getting $1,000,000! Just a quick tip for and game devs using Kickstarter. If you will support linux from the start, you will get a lot more backers. Just look at the games that got a lot of backers, Linux users love good games too. Counter, to the many lies you probably heard, we will pay for them, too. Just look at the data... @Anton Schneider-Michallek just remember you have still 32 days to come up with the money so inmeadiat threat of starvation averted ;) Yet another congratulations is in order for getting past $1,000,000! Only $500k to go for GNU/Linux and Mac OS X. We will make it. HAHA!!! It is nice to see the numbers change every time i refresh the page. Awesome! i have the 115$ Pledge in allready. I am thinking about raising it to 265$ Because of the medal ? Hmmm... Must resist... don't have any food for the rest of this month allready because of Double fine. Need to eat something next month.... Need to speak with my Lady or sell the Dog and use his food. MAKING DOSH. Can't imagine how much it'll end up on. I might even pledge some more later on. ok, so at this rate, we are going to go well beyond ten million, probably even twenty. What happens then? Was kind of positive when I started reading about this few days ago. Then this morning I took a closer look and the sequence of words: rpg, fallout like from its creators AND ... turnbase YES! --> it made the decision very easy. For with your dreams. I am already waiting for the digital copy. Good luck guys. ah got it turnd around. I meant to say if it does not underarchiev. (non english nativ speaking trying to communicate -> fail) @Jason Pol the publish will only than be wrong if the game under archieves in sales. Less incame through sales than money invested in produktion... hmm will we get some more merchandise out of it if it sells like lets say 10 mill copies (dreaming). WOOOOOT 1 million! @Don Simon true, but what we are looking here is the WL2 and I hope we will need to use keyboard in it :) like asking questions and such... Keep it up now. At this rate Brian and the team will end up with 11 mil :) and then we will get the CRPG of the CENTURY! @Igor - casual does not come from the platform... with turn-based mechanics you can easily map everything to pad buttons Heres to a mac version! I miss the music quality that went into old video games I hope to love your game. Never played one of your games so I'm trusting the dollar votes of 17,563 fans plus the drm free part. Good luck and make the best RPG you ever made. (my favorite rpgs are Realmz, and the Avernum series I hope this becomes my new favorite) ps make the music awesome, great video games have GREAT music. This user's account has been deleted. FUCK YEAH! Fat Freddy is a genetic nightmare - a squamous mass of slimy flesh shuddering and twitching before you like some animated blob of flesh-colored jello. He smells like a swamp, a foul, choking miasma of rotting mastodonian flesh left to putrefy. I guess the publishers were wrong then... Over $1,000,000 another goalpost hit. A nice fat mill. Hit 1.5 and we'll get the best version of this and you can sell it to MAC/LINUX and hopefully that will fund a proper rebirth of all Interplay classics. I hope you do Bards Tale next or whatever classic title you want to do that them publishers refuse to back. ONE MILLION DOLLARS! @ Joachim Fröhlich - Das ist lustig, ich habe gelacht! Ich wünsche, dass ich Wasteland 1 auch gespielt habe. Oh well. Maybe they can work something out and be able to include the original Wasteland as a download with the title, so we can play it legally. Bit of a long shot... lol You got me as soon as I read Wasteland. Hell yeah, I've been waiting for this a really long time. And I'm very glad that Wasteland 2 won't be wasted by big money like so many modern sequels to good old games are (e.g. Syndicate...). Totally excited. Actually, this just motivated me to play Wasteland again. Bob - I second that! @Bob sorry m8 but this is not casual game that will be made here. For casual go ME3... $1 millllllliiiiioooooonnnn dollars! Got change for a hundred? Gratz indeed! Now let's hit AT LEAST 1.5 mill! :D Wow, that's a million dollars. Crazy. :) Is there a way to play the original Wasteland, for all of us who were 5 when that game came out and didn't get a chance? 7 figures! It's a beautiful thing <url>"think about that a moment..." I can almost feel like the kid I once was back then !!! and an iPad version too after Mac and Linux Let's make the LINUX and MAC versions happen! and for linux user 1.5 millions we can do it :) $1,000,089 ONE MILE HIGH and flying! Congratulations everyone! 1 000 000$ reached! Congrats on the million, chaps! Just a quick observation - This project is averaging $57 per backer whereas the double fine averaged $38 overall. @Philip I'm sure people are excited excited about it, but they can make our own exploded blood sausage for $5 =) Especially germans get old blood sausage from the local butcher and wwII bombs from digging their garden for free. kaaschingg so exiting Woo! Onwards and upwards! Next target: $1,250,000. awesome, we have hit the 1 million mark!!! lets get this project even higher A MILLION BABY! First million! Sweet, really looking forward to Wasteland 2. Ding! just upped my bid from 250 to 500 and pushed it over the 1 mil mark :-) One million! Whoo-hoo $1M! It's a good day for cRPG fans. 1 Mill. Congratulations everyone!!! It's happy dance time! WELL DONE :) 1 MILLIOOOOOOOOOOOOOON!!!!! 1 F**KING MILLION $$$!!! Brian can keep his money! :D Great to see some old school games being made. And no DRM. I was more than happy to pledge. @Oliver - That would be pretty awesome, but I don't think it would be practical or cost-effective for the developers to produce tens of thousands of medals and ship them all, (especially internationally). The digital rewards are great because they keep the costs down, allowing for those on tighter budgets to help out as well. soon the 1 mill mark Dear inXile crew, I'm sure you'll have to think about new rewards for multi-million funding. You deserve it. We deserve it. Best! @Espen Gätzschmann According to what I know it's not considered legal or illegal it is considered in between since the lines are blurry. Plus wasteland is considered abandonware since support is no longer available for it and you can't purchase it anymore. Almost the million!!!! I would also be interested in upping my pledge to 500 if I knew what was in the doomsday survival kit. A vial of iodine to flush radiation particles from your system? Gas mask? Geiger counter? What would we get? I'm just happy. less than 2k and we got 1mil in funds! Great job everyone! It'd be amazing if all tiers of backing could have some type of real metal medal as part of the reward. Could make the lower tiers smaller, nickle/quarter sized ones, and have the higher tiers be full-size proper badges. @Dan Maher - Abandonware is NOT legal, despite what some people may claim. Whether it's unethical is a different question with more shades of gray. I can still remember playing Fallout 1 through Tactics and being completely blown away by them when I was in high school. Even though I'm too young to have been able to enjoy Wasteland when it first came out, I am RIDICULOUSLY excited about the fact that so many people that made those games possible are on board to make something that they are passionate about. Happy to contribute. Yeah baby, the game's gonna be epic! Fallout 3 is such garbage, if this succeeds it'll really put quality games back on the shelf! No more invincible children running around and boring ass dialog, hurray! @Sajber they took out the ability to start a new game with already existing characters not too long before we hit the first mill, then hopefully we will get this to at least 2 mill then possibly 3 mill (fingers crossed) BF should try to negotiate with EA to put it on gog or something Anyone who wants to play Wasteland 1 use <url>ür Wasteland ausgegeben (74 DM) Meine Mutter war stinksauer. Ich habe es nie bereut ... I'm very excited for this. I still dig out my old Interplay Games Bundle (including Wasteland), just to play it. If they can manage to wrest the rights away from EA, a great bonus would be to include a copy of Wasteland so that you could play that too (even if it is just DOSBoxed). Fast schon 1.000.000 $ =) Bin echt auf das Spiel gespannt! Grüße aus Deutschland Can't wait! Backing you upp for sure! What were the Budgets of Wasteland, Fallout 1, Fallout 2? According to the Video Fallout 1 was: 3 Mio. USD So what if we reach 4,3 Mio USD ( <url>#toggle_video Fallout 3 was OK...Fallout:Brotherhood of Steel on the xbox and PS2 was also OK if you kinda hung up your reservations at the door. I was just happy to play in the Fallout universe again. ^_^ Haven't played much of New Vegas. Looked alright but Fallout 1 and 2 after some patching and mods to return cut content (on the PAL release) are godlike! @nils You are now going to be anathemized for that :))))) This is the first special edition game I've bought since I've been out, "in the real world" You guys deserve every cent. Thank you so much for making this dream a reality! I liked Fallout 3... ONTO THE MAC VERSION!!! I'm really excited about this and about the fact that due to Kickstarter we can finally play the "niche" games we all loved that the big publishers have long abandoned. Their old motto can't be more applicable than this: "By Gamers For Gamers". A non-forum site for discussing and following the game would be appreciated...maybe one with voting for feature requests and some sort of reputation system (like the stackexchange sites or getsatisfaction) and a wiki. The current forum, like most others I've seen, is already largely a mess of rants and counter-rants on questions that have no answers. Oh, I just noticed that one of these already exists, as linked here! <url>"real" X-Com, check out Xenonauts at goldhawkinteractive.com. I understand they're planning their own Kickstarter in the not-too-distant future. @Ashley Penney Hell no :P Looks like Brian Fargo won't have to front his own cash after all hahahaha @Andrew: This year is turning out to be too freakin' awesome! The return of substantial games! At this rate they'll have enough budget to turn it into that first person shooter they always wanted to do! Looking forward to this. Even though I am not a current Linux or OSX user, I want to see versions for both those platforms as well We need good games everywhere. And to everyone bashing Fallout3/Bethesda, if Bethesda had not "ruined" Fallout I would not have picked up Fallout 1 and 2 from GOG, nor New Vegas, nor would I be here, backing this. Fallout 3 put the games and genre on my radar. I need to find the OG Wasteland now, and since I was a huge fan of the SSI D&D goldbox games... @Alex - You're wrong about SimCity, but I too would welcome a new version of Transport Tycoon or Railroad Tycoon. I hope it's gonna be great looking 2D rather than bad 3D for this kind of budget. Sweet, finally a true RPG in the making. Now, apart from Wasteland 2, only Age of Decadence seems worth waiting for. And now we need a Kickstarter for a proper sequel to Betrayal at Krondor. Rock'n'roll folks. Odd to think a post-appoc game might be the herald of a new dawn, but, hey. Stranger things and tides have occurred. Well you can do it through abandonware...The game is awesome but you're a bit stuffed when it asks you to read some "flavour" text from the manual. Getting old games to run is hella easy. So far I've got System Shock 2, Syndicate Wars, Wasteland and Buck Rogers:Countdown to Doomsday working like a dream ^_^ To Andrew Maizels: Sim City is in fact a very boring game especcially after hour of playing and the monotonic sound of live city is not helping - i'm sleeping... Better if Chris Sawyer relaunched his Transport Tycoon deluxe with new graphics engine - this old game got very big Fan base too like Wasteland/Fallout. @lordzon It is free find it on places like abandonware, and run it on a 32 bit system or through dosbox (also comes with paragraph book in the folder) Is there a way to play Wasteland 1? I never got to play it back in the day. yay we made it! let's get this baby to $1.5 million - need a Mac version ^_^ HIGH FIVES TO EVERYONE!!!!! YEEEEHAAAWW! SUCK THIS PUBLISHERS! Well be at ONE MILE HIGH today!! WOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!! HAHAHAHA! You said as a backer i am your boss now, Brian? Then go make me a coffee! :D @Tom Small - Yeah, I knew about the X-COM FPS but only recently found out about the X-COM tactical strategy game. It looks absolutely awesome. I am beside myself with joy on this (despite feeling that I'm sicker than Bobbie's Rex in Highpool). I'm encouraging people to even just do the $15 for a cheap version of the game before the kickstart ends. Th eidea is to get them here and let their consumer-whorism and excitement at the genre return take over.. and then they can join many of us in the middle-to-upper ranks. ;) Let's get this total up and see how much game we can get for our buck and show the producers that we (the fans) really want and support this type of genre and gameplay! Plus, some support for our OSX and Linux gamer brethren! I hope we can get it past 1,5 mil - I need a Mac version! :) There are two X-COM titles under development. The FPS is "X-COM". However, "X-COM: Enemy Unknown" being developed by Firaxis is a tactical strategy game. @Erik Grape - There's a timer ticking down at baldursgate.com, and Trent Oster is involved. Beyond that, we have nothing to go on, so everyone is speculating wildly. :) Baldur's Gate I and II both hold up well, but an update couldn't hurt. And they replaced the voice actor for Minsc in the Throne of Bhaal expansion, and I winced every time I heard the replacement. :( I just pledged my $115. I'm so fucking sick of all the modern spoonfed RPGs like Mass Effect and Skyrim. Hearing Wasteland returning was enough to make me squeal. Please, for the love of god, let this happen. Let the coffers overflow with donations. Let this be a true-to-history RPG for the ages. Let it be a giant birdflip to the innovation-stifling EA and Activision and Ubisoft trash. Willie - I'm sure Obsidian are listening. But it takes time to come up with a concrete proposal and a workable budget. If I were them, I'd be looking to launch something around the time this Kickstarter is wrapping up, try to transfer some of the momentum. Whenever they're ready, though, my money will be waiting. @Andrew: What am I missing? Baldur's Gate is old (but of course still excellent). I think I've played every game Brian Fargo has ever touched, and read every book Mike Stackpole has ever written.. Both of them on one project again!? For God sakes! My bank account number is 438A72B2, my sort code is 99-22-OO. Just take my money! Take it all! Here are the keys to my house! You want my first born son? Not a problem! Take Him! But if we get Double Fine Adventure, Wasteland 2, a new Baldur's Gate, a new *real* X-COM, and SimCity 5 all at once I might just die of happiness... Backed with $30 from South Africa; I always loved the slogan of Interplay: "by gamers, for gamers"; when I look at the tremendous success (and wonderful response from gamers) of both this and Double Fine's kick-starter attempt, I can’t help but smile and think of that slogan of Interplay: "by gamers, for gamers" indeed. Make us proud Double Fine and In-Exile; keep the passion for what you do and who you do it for firmly in your minds as you create what I am sure will be awesome games. Hint: obsidian and crew: Planescape Torment 2 or any other awesome old school isometric RPG: make it happen; you see how many people there are that help you achieve that. Hoping Baldur's Gate is a new game (seems unlikely though) or at least an updated version of the existing games. With better graphics and the original voice actor for Minsc in Throne of Bhaal. An iPad port seems most likely though. @Amanda - that would make sense I guess. Still holding out hope for BG3 with an updated Infinity Engine, by the original BG team. Go for the eyes, Boo!! Would rather they gave it an HD release on Steam :/ @Rick - general scuttlebut of people on forums I frequent is that it's been ported to the new ipad being released today. Just speculation though. Hoooollly sheet, BALDURS GATE WHAT!?! I hope this happens I am a big fan of the first game and loved the Fallout series except for Fallout Tactics and Fallout Brotherhood of Steel(the console shit one). I enjoyed the new Fallout direction in 3 and NV but a return to the tactical turn based isometric game I loved would be awesome. Since it aint going to happen for Fallout this is the next best thing~ So, I wonder what's going to happen in six hours on <url>#5 and #4. Congratulations Mr Fargo and Wasteland 2 Team !!!!! These are very exiting times to be a gamer !! No longer will we have to rely on other people except the developers themselves. Really proud to be a part of this !! I backed Doublefine and now this. Just a quick shout out to another project that is not getting as much love but probably should : <url>€1. As far as I can tell there aren't any other costs when only using it as virtual card. You're not getting interest on you account. Mastercard seems to add roughly 2% to exchange rates. I have linked my account to a PayPal account without problems. I'm have been using the virtual credit card on sites like Amazon, GOG.com (Brian please release W2 there too) and local sites without any issues for some years now. Nowadays they have a Visa card too. I needed their support 1 time and they were fast, polite and good. <url>#16/e=1f7176 there goes my baby diaper cash! good luck and congratulation! (now where do i go to get Arcanum 2 funded...) Go go Mac & Linux!!! Have fun storming the castle! Seriously, good luck guys, you got my pledge, kick some butt, but I really just want a sequel to Redneck Rampage :) $2 million or bust? It breaks my heart that 3-5% of this goes to Amazon. Financial institutions have become absolutely shameless. Woo hoo! Fully funded and growing! Congratulations for getting funded! Awesome that there will be a Linux version*, I'll update my pledge once I get home. * I have no doubt this will reach 1,5mill Wake up, project is funded. *party hat* I think we broke Kickstarter... Yes! We made it! Now lets see if we can push this even farther. Well, a polish tutorial would probably be useful, but I'm afraid I'm not able to create one just now. However, I can give some tips on what I used to use: <url>łkowicie darmowa karta internetowa. Można założyc natychmiastowo, bez zadnych wniosków. Jezeli posiadasz konto internetowe w dowolnym banku, to mozesz przelac pieniadze na karte bardzo szybko i bez zadnej zabawy. Nie uzywalem jej do kickstartera, wiec nie moge byc w 100% pewny ze dziala, ale uzywalem jej do wielu innych rzeczy (np. Steam). old school cRPG is not dead baby! take that! also, when the game is released if the new tl;dr generation doesn't buy it may baal have mercy upon them for i won't! That boxed copy is tempting... well if you're going to reach 1.5M, we still need plenty of backers. I'll have to update my pledge on my next pay ;) Made my first pledge ever on my birthday :) Baldur's Gate 2 was and is the greatest RPG I ever played. Hope to replace that with Wasteland 2! This was a nice surprise to wake up to. Way past the 900k goal. Amazing! @Yogi: It's already stated that's the case. :) Could not be more excited. Wow! It's fantastic to witness the joy and enthusiasm of so many people about the past and future of Wasteland. The sequel to one of my fondest gaming memories is actually going to happen. And I'm a tiny part of making it happen. :) I will remember this day, and can't wait for my boxed copy when the time comes. A big congratulations to Fargo and team. Make us proud. I know you will. :) Uhm, no voice acting is almost a deal breaker for me. Annoys me when replaying old games :) Steven, Brian Fargo has already tweeted that there will be Mac and Linux support if the project goes past $1.5 million :-) Is it just me, or does it seem that "AN EXPLODED BLOOD SAUSAGE" figurine is just not getting anyone's interest up? No doubt we are a month away still from the end, so as things reach their limit and get filled up, it will probably get some love, but seems to be the least popular choice... $15 Level = $130,530 $30 Level = $47,760 $50 Level = $128,750 $75 Level = $26,250 $100 Level = $200,500 $150 Level = $24,000 $250 Level = $110,750 $500 Level = $24,500 $1,000 Level = $89,000 $2,500 Level = $0 $5,000 Level = $25,000 $10,000 Level = $80,000 How to back the project if you don’t have a credit card: <url>"lost in translation" applies to many localized games, movies and so on. @Kachajal, you can help a lot by writing an instruction on how to back the project with that prepaid card in Polish and posting it somewhere. There is one for Germans, one for Russians, so there absolutely must be a Polish one. :) This user's account has been deleted. It is very good, but games are expensive, keep spreding the word to friends by facebook twitter and so on.. keep fighting 15$ on my poor polish student budget is quite a lot, but I think it's worth it if it means another game the quality of the old Fallouts or Baldur's Gate. Can. Not. Wait. ;) And yeah, in my experience prepaid cards can have some additional fees. It's always best to leave a margin of error when using them. Oh, great. That's *another* bunch o'cash leaving my account in a month's time, then! DFA laid down the gauntlet with $3.34million. Show me whatcha got, Wasteland fans...!!! @Sambesi One thing the guys at Double Fine stressed was that when getting a "prepaid card" for donating, you needed to put an extra dollar on the card above what you pledge (I'm assuming for some kind of service charge/currency conversion) so that there isn't an issue once the charge goes through... @Sambesi - check out update 5 here, I guess it must be valid for this situation, too: <url>"My name is Brian Fargo" WOOHOO... $1.5M here we come! Brian should soon have enough to make a cracker of a game! Now if he gets the game right I recommend he puts up another project to port it to Linux. Man the Linux gaming community could really explode if they put projects on here. 42.5 hours from 0 to $900k. Not even two days to hit the funding goal. Folks, that is just awesome. Thank you! <url>#p3835 Nice!!! Drinks are on me! Well, as long as you all have root beer; I'm broke now after giving all that I can for this game! Let's keep it up and see if we can knock down Double Fines record! Woohoo, fully funded! :D Exciting! ^_^ Outstanding! I'm so glad to have been a part of this, I feel like anything is possible -- we've raised the dead! A dream come true:) Hope this encourages some other gamemakers too. F*** publishers!!! We stepped in the new Era, where all our dreams come true... Come on guys...lets spread the word and kick some publisher ass :-D Sweet! Congrats inXile! You guys will reach 1M in no time. How much do we need to get full voice acting? GRATS!!! Maybe i'll just take a screenshot at this and make it today's wallpaper WE DID IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Oh, f**** yes! Woohoo! We did it! Let's make this an even bigger success now :) This one is going to break ALL records, I just cant wait to see how large a sum it will rack in. I haven't dropped $50 on a PC game for years... Brian Fargo has reinstated my faith to the possibility of actually loving a PC game from recent years. *Primal scream of joy and victory* ... It's hard to express in text :P A new age is nigh. Woot! Awesome job everyone! Now let's shoot for 1.5 mil. Don't forget the Mac and Linux owners... aim for 1.5M You guys better not let us all down! Lets see more of the stuff that made fallout 2 the incredible game it was Outstanding. My faith in humanity is ever so slightly restored. :-) @Wouter Oh, apparently I missed four of them. Either way, we've hit our mark (our 1st mark, I'm still gunning for the 1.5 mil) and the fact that Wasteland 2 is coming is enough. A few weeks ago this was a long-shelved hope in most of our minds. Today, it's sealed, a done deal. It's going to happen. GOGO!need those 1.5kk 900K!!! Now on to 1.5M!!! Congrats inXile :-) Now to see how far we can take this - $1.5 million for Mac and Linux here we come Congratulations on reaching 900k! I'm looking forward to seeing the end result of this :) Nice!!! Congrats!!!!!!!!!!!!!... Time to sleep. Never played the original game, but Brian got my 100 $ Congrats, Brian and everyone at inXile on reaching your goal. Congrats also to kickstarter, who have brought crowdsourcing to life, and are reaping the benefits themselves. Well played. Funded! Utterly amazing. yewww 15745 backers means 15745 "I told you so" to ignorant publishers!!! Grats on $900k. Here's to, at least, another $600k. We've hit the goal! It's officially going to be a thing! Congratulations, Brian. :) Finally! Gratulation on reaching the 900k! Im looking forward to this game! Let's keep this going guys ;) It'd be great to see the number of backers increase. If the game gets to 1.5 mil I'm going to be increasing my pledge to 100$, since I know I'll be getting a quality product ;) @Matt It's the 5th or so time he's been nagging about extra goodies in these comments. Maybe it's my morning temper, but it's really starting to annoy me. Congratulations, Brian! You're really going to be able to do this now! ON TO $10 MILLION! One of the previous backers wrote this wonderful comment with which I fully agree so I'll just repost it. (sorry, I couldn't find the authors username in the flood of all the comments) "I am so very tired of how the "modern" game plays. I have been told that the games I want to play are antiquated... That my voice is the minority... That the game I want to play could never be profitable... Every instance of a classic game being "re-imagined" as a First Person Shooter is a reminder that my opinion is worthless in the eyes of the modern game developer... Slowly I began to lose hope; for every quality, interesting, game that has been released over the last ten years, there were a hundred disappointments. However, I feel like those days are over. I see this and I think that maybe my voice isn't so insignificant. Maybe Call of Duty clones AREN'T the only games that can sell. Hell, maybe there is an entire market that has been ignored; a market consisting of people like me. " More goodies (other than the autographed, boxed, collector's edition, of course) are just more things for me to lose track of. Honestly, just having a "thank you" in the game credits is more than sufficient. I'm really very pleased that Brian has given the fans this opportunity to help bring Wasteland 2 into the world. Though my contribution is nowhere near as grueling as the contribution that the dev and test teams are going to be making, I still feel a sense of (partial) ownership. Thanks again, Brian. We're all looking forward to a great RPG! Well, that was predictable ;D In Less than 48. Thats fantastic. What a feat. This is history in the making! Go Brian Fargo and team :D v As in, play the final product of course. v Good job guys! 2 days, 900k. Glad I'll get to enjoy the fruits of your labor. 900k nice GOAL MET AWWWW YEAH oh YAH BOY!!!!!!!! HARRY THINK HE BEAT YOUR HEAD IN NOW!!!!!!!!!!! 900k!!!! YAAAAYYYY!!!!! I will be playing Wasteland 2!!!! God I am so happy Now it is time to aim for USD 1M, so Brian would not have to spend HIS own money ::ranger salute:: Godspeed Brian Fargo and team. Godspeed. Yes, I also think the collectible stuff can be later bought in a shop. If they make a t-shirt later and start selling it, I'll get myself one, but not just now. All the rewards are good enough as they are now, I even think it's a bargain - $50 for a nice box with some extras. Nice! It's on! This is going to be amazing... WOOOOOOOOOOOOOT $900,266!!! Whoop Whoop! :D The sky´s the limit now! W00t W00t Kind of harsh Wouter, eh? People just want to show their support - in this case, in the form of a wearable letter-shaped chunk of cotton. I don't think anybody here has been nagging or lost sight of the fact that it's about supporting independent development. They wouldn't be offering to shell out another $50 for something a kid made for $3 if they thought it was all about the goodies. Yeah!!! Now our goal 1,5 million There it is!!!!!!!!! wat just happened? It went from 10k down to over in three seconds??? Crazy DID IT - 900K. AWESOME! WOOHOOOOOOO! We have a winner! 55 buck to go! Oh shit! It happened! 900000! We could use a 5k pledge about now. This is really awesome. 24 hours ago it was ticking at 450,000, now it's almost at a million. :) I can't believe this is happening!! Have been suffering from huge withdrawl syptoms from fallout 2 & tactics for so damn long... :'(the third one is total rubbish, FPS BS). This game has got to be made! 99% woohooo!!! On to 3 million! @Mikael Olofsson I think it's time to stop nagging about more goodies now. Your nagging is becoming annoying to EVERYBODY. Also, the point of this is not to gain all kinds of collectible crap - it's to support independent development. The goodies are just a 'bonus'. Don't think this will quite make it by midnight, so I'm off to sleepy-time. Maybe I'll be awake in time to see it hit $1 mil. This user's account has been deleted. 250 bucks says Brian is up right now, hitting HIS F5 key over and over. :-) I'd be really interested in a reward tier with beta access but without physical goods so that wouldn't have to worry about shipping. I don't really even care about drm free music or anything, just digital beta access + digital final game. I don't care if it's just one dollar, it's all going towards the development of this game! Make it happen!!! So close! @Slarkki Finally, Europe is here. You guys are late. Hurry up and punch in and get to it ;) Backed 15 bucks, but will increase in april up to 100$. It's worth it. Tossed in another $25 I don't really have to spend. Still worth it. Just woke up. Something like 150k added to the count while I was sleeping. Americans have been slacking =) Perhaps the events in Wasteland 2 should actually happen somewhere in eastern Europe ;-) 890K. I feel like my head is going to explode. Can't sleep until this is 900K. Up your pledges people, if you care anything about my well-being Yup Get us a Wasteland 2 Backer shirt. I will also go to 50$ donation for a shirt! Here we are at it again!! Closing on 900k!! That Is just pure awesomeness... Less than 10k!!!! Keep it up! Make this game happen!!! I know Wasteland 2 will have a very strong community support judged form kickstarter, almost 900K!!!! I really want that cloth map. I can't guarantee I can do it yet but their is a good chance I will bump my pledge up before the end date. I want to do it for the games sake too but money is tight for the next few months so its hard to do :( oh and im staying up till it hits 900k It's just unbelievable! :-D loved wasteland and fo1-fo2 glad to see you guys are back doing what u do best This is going be cool. Hmmm what could be next, "Meantime"? Thank you, Brian, Alan, Mike, and Mark, for sticking with Wasteland for all these years. And thank you, fans, for helping to make Wasteland 2 a reality. I'm on board with Jeff's idea for a Wasteland 2 "Backer" T-shirt. I'd up my $50 contribution for one as well. 10K in an our? go, go, go ! The first milestone is almost there :) this is something I can stand behind:) as long as it's not dumbed down like most of today's games I will be happy SHIT WE'RE ALMOST THERE FUCK YESSSSSS @John Alvarado While it is easy to scapegoat and blame publishers, I think mostly it's just an overall sense of frustration with IP's, licenses, business, etc. Indeed we live in such an interconnected world where all types are needed, including publishers. However, there is some truth to the sentiment that marketing/business decisions can put innovation, creativity, and quality behind the almighty dollar. When you play a well-branded/marketed game that is lacking in so many areas, it's easy to get frustrated with the industry, and specifically with the big publishers. However, smarter gamers, smarter funding, and smarter development (and publishing), may start to change things a bit. We'll see! :-) this is gonna be close i dont think 900 by midnight. but not long after Why are people refreshing constantly? That's really stupid. At the rate of funding, it's obviously going to reach the goal. Thus, checking constantly has no purpose other than to waste your time. Come on, get a life! Spend that time doing something useful like telling your friends to pledge. Y U SO CRAZY?!?! @John, that was really rude of you not to call Brian back. And showing such enthusiasm, too. Shame! /kidding OMG a publisher!!! punch him!!! I've seen a few unfriendly remarks about publishers here. I'm one of the publishers in the video, but I'm not really a publisher--I'm a programmer at inXile. I just want to make sure everybody knows that so if you see me in real life you won't punch me. :) Thank you for all the awesome support! Pledged 50 $ + 15 $ for international shipping. plase MAKE THIS GAME EPIC! Almost there! I feel like I am on an internet forum...F5, F5, F5, F5, ad naseum. I'm staying up til we get there...please don't keep me up too late... Refresh: 15k to go. I will probably go make some coffee and wish by the time I get back it is funded already @Ryan/SSX Indeed, considering how stingy EA was with their recent round of GOG releases (nearly zero extras and no expansions of any kind), and considering their seriously F'd up EULA and Terms of Service are, I'm not about to start holding my breath waiting for them to suddenly turn to generosity anytime soon. I put in my $50. Wasteland was the first RPG I had ever played, and it became the bedrock of what I saw in all RPGs hence. I've waited many long years to see this happen. Damn, we are almost there! I think I may be as excited as Brian; I just wish I had more money to donate to see dreams take wings and fly. My Favorite game growing up! Please include some kind of crazy rabies moment... Also - **Please spend a bit of time debugging for MAC users porting/boot camping over...** You guys are the best! This is the first project I've actually wanted to support, I only wish I could offer more. Good luck guys. I'm in for another $10. Can't help myself. Euros should be waking up soon. This is in the bag. :) @Ray No, i'm not, so i will keep $315 pledge right now. Probably some other original game will need my help. I wish some kickstarter game from Chris Taylor or Peter Molyneux, Chris Avelon or John Carmack... There is few more people in gamedev who make my childhood wonderful. IMHO, Electronic Arts would only allow some leeway if they felt it gave them some positive press and credibility in the gaming community (i.e. they won't do it out of kindness, but out of self-servingness...) EA is hardcore about Intellectual Property... Brian, I don't think you'll have to dish out 100k if we have a month left and we're just about 900 now :D @Rolf W Jr Probably (by law) they not allowed to use anything from first game. Really I don't think EA will be angry about few links to old game. But EA is so big and unfortunately its will be impossible to talk about GoG release because of bureaucracy. @SSX You're a saint buddy, The rest of us appreciate it. Ok - I added $3. YEah, I know, big man. Upped mine to $30... More music, more art! hmm It´s just a rough guess...but I´d say we gonna hit the 900k ;-) haha @Merin Alright I see that now. But that definitely leads to confusion, then. It seems odd that InXile can own the rights to a Wasteland sequel (presumably including the right to reference any of the characters, places, and events from the original game), yet not have the rights to the original game itself. @SXX - Food is overrated anyway. @Ray I already exceed my backing limit. Really want to be an NPC in the game, but for that I should eat nothing for whole next month... But... probably.. that is possible :D @Troy Eckert Well done sir! @Ray - Already added another $50 to my $100 :P Everybody watching this lets add a buck. 22k to go. Gonna do it in under 48 me thinks. Awesome! Close now. I hope this heralds a new era of turn-based gaming. X-Com, Silent storm - ohh the luv :) This user's account has been deleted. Everyone have their Champagnes ready? The 900k limit is pretty close! :) @Rolf W Jr - Not that Mr. Fargo and others at inXile haven't, ad nauseum, explained that EA owns the Wasteland game (not the trademark)... the very site you linked to does so as well. Read further down the page to the heading "Free Wasteland" No doubt that Wasteland 2 will be funded, but here is another Kickstarter Game worthy of being backed: <url>#!/brianfargo @Mike Belle Check project home ;) well, earlier Brian posted on twitter that they'll also add linux support (along with mac) at 1.5 million. This might even rival how much Doublefine raised. I bet if you guys offered Linux support at 2 Million, you'd have a good chance of making that number. "Why is watching this thing go up and hitting refresh every 5 mins like crack..." Eric, Because it is ROFL.. :) TAKE MY MONEY! TAKE IT! Time to replay Wastelands ! (again) PS. URABUTLN We have so got this before the Euro's wake up. @SXX - Yeah Brian is biting his nails refreshing the page hoping he doesn't have to pitch in his $100,000 ;) @Pietro Bucci We still need to save Brian's $100,000 ;) @Erik Jertberg - Yeah I'm doing it too. Every time I refresh and the dollar amount changes, my world gets a little brighter @JAMES - My sentiments exactly! @James So very true. I'm as well so glad to know that there is people like me who love - narrative, story complexity, turn based system, etc James dude you pretty much summed up all my thoughts for last 10 years. Longtime fan and purchaser of almost all of Brian's awesome games over the years, saw this today on my daily reddit @ work lurk. I just replayed Wasteland on a vintage C-128 last year for about the 5th or 6th time in my gamer life! (C-64 roots here, used my original disks and books for the nostalgia factor, had a great time once again with it!) Fallout I and II replays followed. All this happened after playing Fallout III and some of the DLC. Had fun, was a pretty cool game on it's own but something was missing that the old games had. Found myself immersed just as deep if not deeper in the Wasteland/Early Fallout world. Thank you Brian (and teams) for all the awesome times I've had over the years with so many of your games, staring out with Bard's Tale and Wasteland. I've progressed right along with you as you developed and released almost all of the games you named in the video. I never do this kind of stuff, but this had to be supported! Quite happy to be helping make the sequel a reality, can't wait to watch this project take off. I was lucky enough to get Wasteland on CD with a bunch of other classic games from some Game magazine. I forget how many years ago it was, but think I had a Pentium I machine running windows 95. I didn't do much with it other than noting the Dos version looked terrible in comparison to the game on the C64. Wow almost fully funded. This might sound like a tall order, but would it be feasible to have a co-op mode possible in this kind of game? @James - Amen James! AMEN!! :) @Erik Jertberg - It's because each of those digits going up, dollar by dollar, are a confirmation that our dreams are about to come true =) I am so very tired of how the "modern" game plays. I have been told that the games I want to play are antiquated... That my voice is the minority... That the game I want to play could never be profitable... Every instance of a classic game being "re-imagined" as a First Person Shooter is a reminder that my opinion is worthless in the eyes of the modern game developer... Slowly I began to lose hope; for every quality, interesting, game that has been released over the last ten years, there were a hundred disappointments. However, I feel like those days are over. I see this and I think that maybe my voice isn't so insignificant. Maybe Call of Duty clones AREN'T the only games that can sell. Hell, maybe there is an entire market that has been ignored; a market consisting of people like me. Definitely looking forward to this game. <3 Micheal A. Stackpole. Why is watching this thing go up and hitting refresh every 5 mins like crack... I didn't even play wasteland 1, but any game that I know won't be ruined by a publisher I am all for! Looking forward to playing an RPG the way it is supposed to played. If the rights to Wasteland were to be acquired, what if there were a computer terminal in the game that ran Wasteland? Play Wasteland while you play Wasteland, hmm. Wasteland 2...this made my year already....Interplay was the absolute BEST!! Brian, thank you SOOO much!!!! Someone should start a petition or something to try and persuade EA to re-release Wasteland. Or, better yet, sell it to inXile. Rolf W Jr They don't have the writes, EA still has them. You can however grab it somewhere else like abandonia. I'm sure this has been said many times by others, but I would love to see the original Wasteland get a GOG release with whatever extras you guys have available. The profits could even be put towards Wasteland 2. @ozymandias No problem! Also another option is to grab the c64 version and run it in the emulator pretty sure this is one of those too. Jeremy, thanks! I won't be able to play unless there is a Linux version, but happy to help and eager to donate more if you get in range of 1.5mil. @ozymandias Transformer Prime, I just got the dosbox application and place the wasteland folder on your sd card root. Boot up the app set it up to mount the sd then just do cd wl (name folder short) then type name of exe. there you go got wasteland running on your tablet :) i think this game will get to 2 M at the end. I may be wrong and it reaches 3M or more but this is my current guess. I was thinking now that the game is positively being made (in several hours or less) I would play the first wasteland. only that it crashes when i try to save. any idea why it happens? Thanks Karl! Pedro: It's downloadable on sites like abandonia. You can use dosbox to run it. 95%?! NICE Thought about it at great lenght and decided to up my pledge from $100 to $150. I can just pay my red light ticket off in bulk at the end of April, who needs to eat for a week anyways right? Happy to support you guys! Great to see a linux version might be on the horizon! What's the easiest way to get Wasteland One on Windows 7? WOW, the goal just may be reached any time now! 1. 5 mill here we come! Just upped from $15 to $50... after reading the RPG Codex interviews, you have me more than sold. @jeremy what tablet, and how did you do it? I hope this will reach USD 1.5M so Linux and Mac owners can also play. And more power to Wasteland 2! Heh I got a response! ;) inXile entertainment Wednesday Mar 14, 11:06pm EDT right on! Ryan Suddeth Wednesday Mar 14, 11:04pm EDT Awesome guys! I am so proud and happy to be a part of this collective middle finger to **** production companies that won't take a risk with awesome IPs. Wow, the 10,000 reward tier is already sold out. o.O Just got Wasteland running on my tablet :) Screw it. I'm now up to $250. Wish I could figure out a way to get $750 more..... I boosted my backing amount from $15 to $50, here's to hoping I won't get double-charged. Does Alaska count as international shipping? Technically it shouldn't, but it wouldn't be the first time. oops sorry, didn't read your post properly, you were asking about the original game - my bad omg please please please make this game! @JLFord78 read this - <url>#!/BrianFargo/status/180081678109245441 :-) Simply amazing. I guess there's no need for luck. You got enough fans to carry you and thensome. Can't wait to see this break the Double Fine finish. First off, a disclaimer...got into gaming and PC gaming later in my life, and I have never played Wasteland. Only heard of it a few years ago, in fact. However, the original Fallout ranks in my personal list for Top 3 games of all time. Hearing that Fallout was based on the original Wasteland makes me eager to play the sequel! Gotta ask, though, any chance of getting a copy of the original Wasteland that would be playable in either Windows 7 or on Linux? You know, something to whet the appetite until Oct. 2013? Either way, keep up the great work!!! Now that its hit its "cheap" goal.Keep telling friends and get the word out.More donations equals " more Awesomerest Game in recent memory.Consider upping your pledge if you're at the cheapest level,because you know these guys make awesome games,and it'll be well worth the price of basically shipping. Both of the remaining $10,000 spots got sold within a few minutes. Less than $50,000 to go! @Conrad - The awesome Steven Dengler just gave 10,000. From his Twitter: "Just backed the Wasteland 2 Kickstarter. Apparently I get a whole frickin' city named after me, or something." It just shot up by $10,000 another big contributor? TychoBrahe Oh, you bet your ass I donated to that Wasteland Kickstarter thing. Your ENTIRE ASS Remember, this is only the first 48 hours and the word is just starting to spread. Even with the inevitable slowdown with more than a month left, I'm thinking Double Fine numbers are well within the realm of possibility. I was the same as Michael Saunders below: No Linux, no money from me! Now I'm happy to back this, as well. GO BABY GO!!! $75k to go and counting. Been watching the numbers all day. So it looks like this is going to happen. BELIEVE. 150 from me. THIS IS GOING TO HAPPEN! I cant wait. This user's account has been deleted. I still have my original Commodore 64 copy of Wasteland around here somewhere. I really enjoyed that game and love the idea of a new game that is closer to the original (but updated.) After the disappointment of Fallout 3, this is welcome news. Lets hear it for turn based games. Seriously, all you wonderful people putting together this game, I hope you hit a home run! Thanks for taking me back to my childhood. I doubt you're going to have any issues with funding at this point, so get to work and make this game spectacular! I'll be expecting my copy when you feel the game is finished, and not a second before. ;) Mac version here we come!! Looks like the magic is going to happen! Only just found out about this project, if i had more money i would definitely send more, you guys made some of the games that defined me as a gamer, really looking forward to this, keep up the great work. Woo hoo! O happy day! Still have my copy of Wasteland! <url>#!/KithKanan/status/180101783232851969/photo/1 Alas, bad sectors mean I need to acquire a slightly less legitimate copy when I want to play it again. :/ Mac and Linux support at $1.5 million . My friend will be happy. The combination of Brian Fargo and Mark Morgan can't possibly fail! This time don't put it on 4 floppies that you have to swap all the time. We don't need to be THAT faithful to the original. I have not played the original, but have a huge amount of respect for the team you've pulled together and several franchises that are tied to this team ie: Baldur's Gate and the entire Fallout Series and from what I understand Wasteland was the original franchise/idea for the framework of the Fallout series. I just wish I could've pledged more, saving up to move so hope my 65 bucks helps! I cannot possibly put my enthusiasm into words ... this is my childhood ... Thankyou ... Awesome! I played Wasteland back in the C64 days! 65 dollars, wish I was a successful lawyer already to donate 10 grand! Say yes to the games that don't treat you like a retard! ok, $265, counting on this weekends paycheck. If the month goes acording to plan, that Doomsday preparation survival kit looks sweet..And if not, I hope my GF doesn´t find out. I promised to take her to the beach... 1111 comments :) SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY !!!! Promised myself I wouldn't pledge unless I saw support for Linux... thanks for announcing the $1.5mil support :) Now shut up and take my money! This user's account has been deleted. I have not been this excited for a game in a very long time, and i have not played the original can i ask how the digital copies work will i get a link to download the game comes out or will i get a code to redeem it on steam $265 is the new top for me... unless I win the lottery xD Am excited about this game, would love to see an OSX version, upped my pledge to $100.42 decided to drop $100, I refuse to believe this won't go over 1.5m Pleged and couldn't be more PSYCHED about this! Haven't played a proper new CRPG in like a decade.:S Make this happen! Need to add $93k in just under 11 hours to hit the original target in the first two days. We can do this! Two hours ago I boosted my pledge from 250$ to 515$... no, no more boosts xD Please don't make it into a mindless button-mashing, corridor-plagued, bloom-covered movie. Thinking about raising my pledge from $100 to $250... xD @maxztt but thanks for the link, I haven't seen the info @maxztt Can't afford more than 115$ unfortunately :) @Robin Dumeige: Help raising it to $1.5 million then. <url>#!/BrianFargo/status/180081678109245441 or if you don't like Twitter, just check the updated FAQ section of the project page. @Cormac Kennedy: Thank you, I appreciate your empathy. This is a dream come true, that I've been dreaming since 1989! I would really enjoy a linux version too, almost no games are released on this plateform despite a not so difficult port (and I know what I'm talking about ;)) Just hit $800K. All you people waiting to pledge at the last moment, now is the time! Pledge increased, lets get our Linux brothers the copy they want :) That's going to be a giant special thanks section. Oh man i can't wait for the turn based party combat? What kind are we talking about? I always loved TOEE's combat. That really showed off the strengths of tactical turn based rpgs. I said before, that if you would announce supporting GNU/Linux upon hitting a specific funding target, I'd pledge $100. I now pledged $115 due to the international shipping and consider it a $100 pledge. <url>#!/BrianFargo/status/180081678109245441 I'm confident that we will reach the $1.5 million, and so I'm already looking forward to my native GNU/Linux version of Wasteland 2. Thank you for considering to support GNU/Linux. Just 100k to go! :DDDD Yes! 900k go go go! Everyone waiting to be an 800k backer :) Yesssssssssssss! so close ! Whoa - what happened - it's taken off since 5 pm! I retract my $862K guess. Go $800k! 100k to go, let´s do it! This is exciting! It feels so good bypassing the Publishers who dictate which games come to the market and which games stay lost in the minds of their creators. I cannot wait, scratch that, I can wait for a well crafted polished game that caters to old school gamers. This. All you Linux people should donate but retract if it isn't going to meet its goal. Onward and upward! What's it been now, 2 days? Outstanding... really hoping this project raises even more than the 1.5M and can be a seed fund for similar types of classic games. So good to see there's people out there that appreciate this kind of game! Pledge updated to $100 Never gave the Date a thought, Amazing, I feel even better now. To everyone who wants a Linux version but doesn't want to fork over the extra dough until it hits 1.5m: It makes more sense to add your additional pledge now and then just retract it later if it doesn't hit 1.5m. If all of you are waiting until 1.5m to make the additional pledge it lowers the odds of it happening. My guess is $862K at midnight PST tonight. Awesome, this is increasing fast! Wonder if will hit the goal tonight?? :) Man, here's to hoping it hits 1.5m. Seriously... Wrong date. I mean Tuesday Apr 17, 8:05am EDT. All charges complete only after this date, so you can upgrade your pledge even if you haven't got that money on your card right now. Just upgraded my pledge for 50 bucks: $315.00 I sure we'll get this 1.5kk barrier and will got Linux version :) @SXX: at last! @ Daniel, you won't get charged until 4/17. Why not do it now? So - the pledgemeter is going faster now, it seemed to slow during the afternoon but is picking up now. Yes, I am obsessed by watching it. @Daniel Mackey You don't need to have this cash right now. All cash should be available on your card at day of project funding: 12 of April Wooooooo Hoooooooo!!, Look at it go. Think I'll up my pledge to the $100 mark on Friday, just don't have the cash at the moment. Great job. \o/ I can still remember playing Wasteland 1 from my buddy's Apple IIe when we were kids. The art and story and game play blew my little mind. Since then Fallout 1 and 2 were epic,and Baldurs Gate was dominant. I am glad to help bring about a jewel of awesome. Thank you so much for your creation. In the unlikely event that this doesn't surge over the 1.5M level, I'll never complain about having to fire up Parallels to play Wasteland 2. :-) @Brian Hankins: #Linux users. We've heard your requests, and will include a Linux version (in addition to more content) at $1.5 million in pledges. <url>#!/BrianFargo/status/180081678109245441 CURSE YOU! Curse you for making me spend way too much money lol. I can't wait for this. I loved Wasteland... to Fallout1 and 2... I love how this harkens back to the old RPG days. I am so damned glad that this is picking up the steam that it has deserved. Thanks so very much Brian Fargo, I thought that we, the gamers, were doomed by constant bad RPGesque 1st person shooters. I'm happy to throw my Benjamin into the ever growing pile. Brian Fargo just said on twitter a Linux client at 1.5 million. I'll put in extra then. never played Wasteland, but i love postapocalyptic stories and heard much about Wasteland. I want it. need it. I have a very good feeling about it. Greetings from Germany. 65 USD :) more than worth it. I never played the old Wasteland game, and have limited experience with Fallout and Baldurs Gate. But I am in support of the genre, mainly from my experience with old Might and Magic and Wizardry games. I look forward to see what comes of this project. @Mike Villasuso Great, Will have a look at this! All Your History: Interplay Part 1: Meteoric Rise <url>´s a video you can share about the history of Interplay. I did with my friends who didn´t get the magnitude of this event and some of them pledged! <url>"*",8,1 @Michael Whipp...uh, you got me man. I guess turning it on wasn't too painful, but that's about it. Load"*",8,1 So what comes first, 15000 backers or the 900,000? Between this and Trent Oster's Baldur's Gate revival, redo, whatever, (we'll find out tomorrow), I'm in Golden Age RPG heaven. All we need now is Chris Avellone's Torment KickStarter and it's the perfect Golden Age RPG trifecta. @Jason Morris what involving disks on a C64 didn't take forever? >_< @Poul Gryciuk yeah, now that this kickstarter has revived my interest in replaying (and hopefully finishing this time) the game, that's what I'm going to have to do. :/ @Mike You need to check your "mailbox on kickstarter". Probably its will take some time to send message for everyone. @Igor Kurtes I checked my mail, nothing :) @ Poul Gryciuk - That was the one thing I hated about Wasteland, formatting 4 disks on a C64 took forever! @Michael Whipp if you got a bought copy you can always get yourself a backup copy from the pegleged bearded groogdrinking seamen surfing the waves of internet, then just format and rewrite your floppy disc. I loved me CRPGs! Sadly, I had not heard about Wasteland till today...played the hell out of some Fallout and Baldur's Gate back in the day though. All I can give today is 15 bucks, wish I could give more, and hope that you guys go BEYOND your goal! Time for a REAL rpg with REAL choices and REAL intelligent gameplay. Im a linux user, and I love the game. Glad to contribute. You can play wasteland on linux using dos emulators, but linux support would be great I'd contribute more towards that. check your mails backers! Im off to bed here in sweden and i bet the first goal is fullfilled when i wake up tomorrow:) Oooh some Total Biscuit coverage, hopefully some huge surge in numbers after this :) <url>#!/BrianFargo/status/179972651404636160 Pledged $1 just so I could post here... I have not had a windows install in many years, and don't plan to ever have one again. Linux is my choice, and if wasteland was officially coming to linux my pledge would be much more significant... I wasn't going to back with any pledge until/if a linux version was announced, but $1 is a small price to pay to have my voice heard. For those saying linux support should not be a priority, I couldn't disagree more. Linux may be a small % base of desktops, but we are a very loyal fan base. This project (along with double-fine) would not be a possibility without loyal fans, release for linux and you instantly get many loyal fans. Publishers would not let you release this game for linux, or for any platform, yet your fans are willing to back you. I am sure there are many linux users who would happily pledge more then your average who have not even pledged $1 yet, I was going to hold for an official port statement. Wish you good luck either way! Has it slowed, or am I nuts? This user's account has been deleted. Go Scorpitron! That thing was one big p.i.t.a... Hey is there more to the WASTELAND DOOMSDAY PREPARATION SURVIVAL KIT other than the bag? 1000 comments! 30 bucks in, rock on!! Sebastian, under FAQ in Project Home it says: " Can I get my digital copy on Steam, if I want? Absolutely. The digital copies will be made available through Steam and other DRM free digital distribution methods." This is oging past 3 million of $...im sure! HELL YEAAAAAHHHH!! Go Go Go Brian! :-) Stupid publishers who can't see that this type of games are missing for years.....in your eyes dushbags! This user's account has been deleted. How about a steam key? When I saw that Brian Fargo, of FALLOUT 1 & 2 FAME, created this Kickstarter I nearly crapped my pants. I pledged big time! thanks for the memories @Mikael: If Brian Fargo starts to do some interviews for media outlets and such, I think this thing will blow past 1.2 to 1.5 <url>"wasteland 1" so many say they lost their copy My money goes to you. Hoping a native GNU/Linux port. Just upped my pledge to $250. I consider it a great investment in the future of gaming. I have my old copy of Wasteland for C64. Sadly, one of the disks has had a bad sector for about a decade, so I can't play it anymore. :( @René Morten Jensen I wonder what the end result would be, if Wasteland 2 happened to become a world best seller raking in hundreds of millions? We will see! Nearing 750K Whooo!! I still have my old copy of Wasteland. I wish I had $10k to give you, because I would love to thank you in person for the first RPG with graphics I played and loved. Next, Fountain of Dreams? Let's put back the "Roll" in to Role Playing Game (RPG)" @René Morten Jensen not at all true. It's really about how big a game should be. Making an engine and then start to work out story, levels etc. Can easily be cut away when getting help from a community like this. Even finding talent that would just for the fun of it make 3D models or even design new area's etc. All made for free or in some other fashion like a submission for a contest. It's really time to rack up and re-roll the marbles in our head's.. The only way is to think outside of the box! Woot! You almost reached the 900k. Good Luck to you guys!!! @Christopher Phillips mynameisnotlilly on youtube is one of the best RPGers on youtube and have some of the greatests Let's Play. Go and check it all. He has FO1, FO2, BG, NWN, <url>"crowd sourced" funding leads to the death of game publishers. The studios and the customers should have all the power, not the publishers. Loved the first Fallouts! Hope this is just as good or as better! :D Как же, блеать, долго я об этом мечтал! Great project ! Came back from work, little coffee, now a backer ! I was a big fan of Fallout out 1 & 2 , I still have the big box games ! Had to donate for a Wasteland 2 ! @Pedro thanks :) Shame Nexus kickstarter didn't work I would love a good Space game with RPG elements more direct combat than say FTL. I hope the combat will be accessible enough for us too young for these big old classic role playing games as my intro to RPG's have been Mass Effect, DA, FO3 all of which were easy enough for me to get a grip with compared with say KOTOR please have a decent tutorial but love the idea of the game I hoped for an option between ~15 and ~150 that is just, say, Digital DRM-free copy and Beta access. I really can't justify choosing the 150 reward just for beta because you'd have the cost of shipping boxed copies in this digital age. Still, I'll miss the worn cloth map; I love that sort of thing. Heh. Enjoy the beer money. Seriously. I owe you a few anyway. These are one of my favorite types of games. Good luck! This user's account has been deleted. I remember the original game way back. I was never any good at it but I loved it :D Can't wait for more! Have to admit I never played Wasteland (shame on me) but nearly everything else you guys developed which gives me a very warm a cozy feeling while throwing my money in. Hopefully you guys can make a Linux version happen, especially if you could annouce it/sort it out before the countdown is over. I'm pretty, pretty sure a lot of Linux users will throw their money in by which we will all benefit. They have been very generous to gaming projects coming to Linux in the past (e.g. Humble Indie Bundle) Have you contacted "Burger" to see if she can contribute anything? Big time Baldur's Gate and Fallout fan signing in. For Gamers by Fargo, nuff said. I loved Fallout 1 + 2. Never played Wasteland but if it's anywhere near as good you folks have a winner on your hands! I love the writing of Michael and Brian is awesome, so from South Africa, Make a great one!! Enjoy your cynical fleet filled with funds. Can't wait, I hope I'll get to have a party of atleast five in a group. I'm so sick of these solo single person RPG's. I want to control and entire group again! I'm even gonna reuse the names of my party members from the first Wasteland. Yah! I guess we'll prove wrong to all the naysayers. Need more squeezins. you owe TB one. and im sure he will be happy with a finished game^^ I thought originally that doing this *immediately* after Double Fine would cost them business. Nothing like it...!!! Haha, wow! Not a lot left now eh? I never played the first game myself, and I know of a lot of other people that haven't either (I guess you old-timey-pc-gamers out there consider us unworthy, or what not) BUT if you're interested in the original, I found this great "Let's play" on youtube that kind of sums it up for you nicely: <url>"Role Playing" back to RPG Is the game out yet!! WHAT IS TAKING SO LONG? Not even started?? DUDE!! I haven't played wasteland, but i LOVE the fallout 1 and 2...and i enjoyed icewind dale...very excited about this. I hope this hits 3mill like the Double Fine project. I would love to see what these guys can do when given as much as possible. @Scott: no, inXile owns the rights to the BT name. In fact, they published Bard's Tale on PC, PS2 and Xbox a few years ago. IIRC, they have the rights to the *name*, but not to the games, so they can't use characters, places, etc. from the original series. chris avellone should start a planescape: torment spiritual successor project on kickstarter as soon as wasteland 2 project is funded. he does indeed wants to do that but probably there are some other issues with obsidian ent. and their responsibility to the publishers. Grew up loving Fallout 1 & 2 (Only second to the BG series). To be setup as an NPC in one of these games would be more than worth $1,000. Do this for another start/continuation of BG and I'd be happy to donate a $1,000 (or more) to that as well. I love Wasteland, for sure but if we want to talk about what games we'd like to see. For Interplay's next project: Bard's Tale 4. I guess EA owns rights, tho? :( Ah, I must have missed that. Pardon me, I'll just go make my pledge $115 then. The FAQ says international shipping requires + $15 to the pledge. Don't know if answered/asked already, but will the international (e.g. European) pledges with physical material require an extra (par exemple +$10) to the pledge, or will they be shipped without extra pledges? This user's account has been deleted. @infestor: No... I have a digital copy for 15$ Next thing I want is beta acces for 75$ And thats all I want between those are things that I dont need - soundtrack, concept art book, BOX version and two novels. And still need to add 15$ for shipment of that box&stuff So it costs me 90$... little too much for steam beta acces :/ It's a lot of fun refreshing the page and watching those dollars go up. Unbelievable. This is going to happen. I've never played Wasteland, I'm not even a big fan of the Fallout series, but I'll be damned if I don't contribute to such a great cause. Screw publishers! I think they need to hire Ron Perlman do to the audio. @Harry: Chris Roberts, not Taylor. :) - Planescape Torment spiritual successor (not Torment 2, Obsidian doesn't have the license) - Star Control 3a - Darklands 2 - Alpha Centauri 2 I were talking about other things we love to see. I would love a new Freelancer I spent so much time on that game. Now to convince Chris Taylor to do it. Been very impressed how quickly we go 700k onwards ever onwards. Some form of multi-player would be nice would be very curious to see how the art style is transfered on to the old style of RPG's. Wasteland a game before my time but happily support this endeavor It's kinda fun to throw money at game developers :D can someone with blizzard count get diablo III forum horde here? :) @Kevin K what is this Heavenly Nirvana you speak of?! Proper sequels to Privateer, Quest for Glory, Ultima? My brain would explode from joyful endorphin overload! @Eric Jiardina i also would love some space sim. I still hope for Elite III if someone gets David Braben to start a kick starter i will get very broke.. KickStarter task started March 13 - 8:05 AM Eastern. This isn't scientific, but shouldn't this hit 900 grand shortly after midnight Eastern time... creeping into Thursday the 15th? Even with a drop off in the rate of pledging, hitting 1.5 million to give other OS support would be within one week. VERY ENCOURAGING. Is there a site or summary somewhere of the plot line(s) for the original Wasteland? I was only 11 or 12 when I played it. Spoilers or non-spoilers, either way. I just gave more to this project than any sane man would, but I look at it this way. All those hours in middle school and high school playing brainy RPGs on my C64 like Bard's Tale, Might & Magic, Ultima, and yes - Wasteland, were as much a part of my education as any classroom. Some may call me crazy, but I directly credit these fun and challenging endeavors for grooming me for the successful high-tech career I now have today, and from which I enjoy a comfortable living. I now happily take this opportunity to give back when I am needed, and gleefully look forward to having my name stamped somewhere in the game world. Thank you Brian Fargo and InXile! Now if only they can recreate the magic of Finster's Brain.... @aY227: you do get a digital copy for 50$. however you must pledge 75$ or more for beta access. I bought the original on the PC WAY back in the day. Played through it multiple times and loaned it to basically everyone I knew (and some people I didn't know) until someone finally stole it. I would have convinced others to buy it, but no one could find another copy anywhere close to locally. I honestly don't think I've ever been more excited for a game in my life, and I am rather obviously far from alone. I don't envy you guys. You've got ~20 years worth of anticipation to live up to. Screw top 25 PC games. Wasteland is one of the top 5 or 10 games ever made. Period. Those are pretty big shoes to fill. Ohhh give an option for Digital Download + Beta Acces for 50$ :| Im from europe... I just want a game + beta acces, really dont care about box or novels - 15$ for shipment is a waste of money that should go to inXile. So right now I payed 30$ :( Can has non-intrusive, not tacked on, full multiplayer? Worked great in Baldur's Gate 1 & 2, and two people on two PCs in one room journeying through the Wasteland makes for twice the fun. Or four. Or six. Or eight. This user's account has been deleted. lets hope for a push soon so we will ger 900K sooner Good idea: Time to get a new privateer kickstarter going :) Tbh, I would love to see the space sim genre revived.... Okay, its time to upgrade from 15$ to 30$ Move it SOLDIER! c",) Glad to help put it over 700k, but between this and Double Fine's adventure, I should really stop putting down $100 for games I won't even see for a year. You people just won't let me though, what with your plans for bringing back things that I loved. Next we'll see a Kickstarter for a new Privateer, Quest for Glory, or Ultima. It should be really nice to translate the game to other languages (spanish, italian, german...) at some milestone (1,5M) I played WASTELAND on an Apple II back in the day. It was a truly amazing party-based RPG that did everything in a new way.. Your party was a band of Desert Rangers with automatic weapons, fighting cybernetic dogs, exploring the Church of the Mushroom cloud, and instead of levels your characters moved up in rank in the Rangers. Bryan Fargo, yes, I have the same love for you as Tim Schafer. Take my $30!! oh yeah! only 200k to go! Woot!!!! Does Brian know about this? Yes it is 700k!!! Watched it go through 500k -check Watched it go through 600k - check Now it is 700k. And all this is a little over a day - check This is just fun. You backers are winners! gz 700k YAY 700k!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 700k!! 800.000 till OSX version <3 Oh yes, the sweet $700,000. In a little over a day. I can practically hear the tick of the geiger counter already. Here we are at it again. It is nearing 700k!! @Pedro Antonio Sanz Jiménez: Yes, probably as you "buy" a licence for the game. That's only my opinion but most likely. Anyone knows if the digital copy will be activable on steam? If not, will we be able to download it more than one time? Sorry if this has been answered already... @Scott, me too. I even made a spreadsheet to let me take dollar amounts from minute long samples and figure out an eta for when we'll reach the goal. While kind of late, it seems worth a mention that the intention of this project will result in an M rated game. Go linux GO! i will totally be changing my pledge in a couple weeks. My B-day is April 8th so i should be getting some extra cash around then, probably jump it to $250 maybe $500 if i can swing it. I grew up on Fallout i love that this genre of game is making a comeback in some form and i really hope others follow Go Linux go! :) @Klayhamn Any ideas should be submited to Google Moderator: <url>#8/e=1f7176 Or official forums: <url>"paragraphs" are included in text files, but can also be found on google in PDF form. You will need DosBox to run it. @Roman Grazhdan Yep,but you forgot ushanka and beard.Well what can i say? i am quiet stereotypical russian. Since great gamedevs turn to kickstarter for funding I really wish I'd be rich! :) @Jason Vickstrom Contact Brian Fargo through Twitter, he did this for others. If you like the indie-movement and would lie a short film about it, fund this project: <url>´m so psyched! upped my pledge again... If I manage to save some money during this month, I know where it´s going :D I haven't been so excited in a long time I hope this website kills publishers and brings back the genre of unique interesting deep games. @ lorebot I second everything you said. Just a note - there is a HUGE support for post apoc genre (and RPGs in particular) from eastern europe. If you have friends there please let them know about this project. $15 from Russia. Haven't played first Wasteland (was 8 y.o. at that time, don't blame me) but a big fan of Fallout 1-2. So if it has squad turn-based combat, sandbox gameplay and postapocalyptic world in a mix - and from the exact guys who invented it - maan, just stop looking at the money counter and go preproduct it already! Just pledged, I was always a big fan of those old rpgs :) Say, have you guys considered working with Obsidian - I think they wanted to do a kickstarter as well. at this rate its going to hit the $700,000 soon, so it's easy going to get to $900,000 then beyond!! Well down everyone, lets keep the momentum going @Roman Grazhdan Dont teach a master! Pledged for 15 dollars. I will gladly support developers, please worry more about the game sell itself (Good gaming) than wasting money (bad marketing). Never played wasteland, but fallout 1 and 2 were one of my favorite games. Mostly because of the multiple endings, decisions. Would love to see you come back with the much better tools we have nowadays. Good progress, everyone. @RMYarring, someone here made the inquiries and the answer was no. Wasteland was one of the most amazing game series I´ve ever played. Would love to see a new old Wasteland again. Dirty! Violent! So just take my money...PLEASE!! ;-) Can we get a Wasteland 1 release on GOG please? Wasteland, my all time favourite game. A dream comes true. Thanks Brian and I'm specially amazed that Michael A. Stackpole is on board. One of the best writers in video games history... @Kristafer Vale, probably won't break the Double Fine record (based on the money pledged until now), but I'm sure it will still be enough money for all the cool stuff. Then again, who knows. Few people believed the Double Fine kickstarter will pass $3M. I miss Interplay so much. Every memorable PC game of my childhood came from you guys and I shed a tear the day I heard you closed up shop. You had a serious impact on how I see videogames and what I expect from them and I'm glad to see you working on something again. Pledged my $75 and have no fear that you'll double your goal at the rate you're getting pledges. Let's make this so awesome that it'll make the 'system' of game production sit up and take notice :) Woot just hit 650,000 great job so far, I really hope this ends up being another record breaker! I can't wait to play Wasteland 2! @Dan make sure you offer them some vodka in return! I'm so glad that you and Tim Schafer, but did this and such a short amount of time. This really sends a message to the gaming community at large, and the publishers. I think for to long publishers have been trying to suck the life out of very creative and fun games to churn out the next COD, BF, or random money making clone game. Fallout 1 and 2 are probably my favorite games of all time. I never played Wasteland probably because my first computer was DOS based system, but I can't wait to see what wasteland 2 is going to be like. Brian Fargo, your games have shaped what I feel is a good gaming experience. Just recently I picked up a copy of Icewind Dale 2 and got together with my friends to start a new campaign (this was just before Doublefine started their Kickstarter). I've been praying for IWD2 or BG or ANYTHING with the creativity and fun of these original Isometric RPGS to be created again, and I'm so happy to see your face on Kickstarter! I will gladly throw my money at you. NOW SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY! HA!...you had me when I saw John. A as the Publisher. I'm more than happy to help a group of talented fellow devs such as your selves....Cant wait to see what you come up with....Looks like you will have no problem coming up with enough pledge money, your more then half way there I can see a Key in the bottom of a toaster I found... Loved Wasteland, Dragon Wars, Bards Tale, Fallout 1 and 2 and many others mentioned. Happily support another game of this type! @Thomas they stated if they get 1.5M they will port it to OSX, but many people are trying to get them to write it for Linux first, and port it to the other two -- since that would be far easier, especially if they start with that in mind. Backed $15. I want to see that Linux version! :) $500 from Denver! I bought this game when it came out when I was 13. I used my allowance money. I had no idea what the game was, or what it would become. PSYCHED for a sequel!!! Hah forgot to ask if this would be a universal app (Mac/PC). Oh well. All good! Wooo! Wasteland FTW! Please don't create another Di$ney rpg ! $150. Really looking forward to the upcoming weeks! 50 $ - I am personally hoping for Fallout 3 (Van Buren). I've never played Wasteland, but I understand this was a major influence. Since I love post apoc rpgs, it has my support. Huge fan of Wasteland and Interplay. Glad that it looks like this is gonna happen! Hope to see Mad Dog Fargo and Metal Maniac again. Consider this small pledge of $100 from Sweden the least I can do for this truly awesome adventure that is Wasteland 2. Wish you guys all the best! 15$ more from Poland :) Happy to donate. I still play the original fallout games, but never had a chance to try the original Wasteland. Might need to find it in anticipation for this game. Another backer here. Wish you guys all the best and way to go to stick it to the publishers! I feel like sticking it to the man. Never played the original, or Fallout 1 and 2. I just want to give these guys the chance to make the game they dream of. $0x80 (128) put to a good cause. Wasteland was one of my favorite games in C64 (yes, I did play it on a C64!). The starting screen was inviting. The game begins.. first thing you know, you're rescuing kid from grave danger in a cave. Brilliant game. Addictive. I just had to run against the sand hills to get more agility. LAW rockets. RPGs. Meson Cannons. Always melee weapons only on thugs to farm XP faster. That JEEP had to be fixed. What an useless ride, though.. LOL.. =) The original game was kick ass. Citadel Raid! Mutants! Scorpitron! Minefield at golf-course and then hidden stash in middle of it all. Etc.. even the box art, you guys... LULZ... thanks for this opportunity to help you guys out!! I did pledge some money to stardrive 4X game, but that seems (funding complete) but double fine is the second KS game I funded and glady gave them $110 (with shipping) as I loved old school adventures) I knew the name wasteland 2 was coming but didn't realise what type of game it was until later, again if I had the money I would go higher, especially to help support old school types of games that publishers have turned their back on. when the funding period ends and this game gets an impressive funding figure, I hope that gets emailed to all the publishers that turned their back on this game and say to them, "we told you so" and prove there is still demand for this type of game. I hope it hits at least 2 mill, but it may go even higher, (I hope so) Linux version +1 I think this game going to be great. I know it even thru the cold of Russia. I will go to bears and ask them if they want to pledge. Backer from Denmark, yes you got our support. Im a great fan of FO1 and FO2.. Those game have soul, and a great story.. Keep up the good work Wastelander out... I never thought I'd pledge money on kickstarter, but DoubleFine pulled me over the edge. Now the psychological block to pledging has been eliminated I find myself pledging to Wasteland 2 with much less hesitation. while I have pledged $50 (65 with shipping) I might up that at some point if I find I get extra funds, the CE edition box sounds interesting, but as there are still plenty of days to go, I might do that, but the standard edition box for now suits me fine, I just can't go any higher, as I have limited funds available to me) Wow, i still have my Wasteland disks and box that I played on my old 286 (DoS 2.0 FTW) Been in love with just about every game after that. Once I saw this posted at Slashdot, I couldn't throw my money fast enough at this! Good luck guys! This is incredible - both the project and its success in its first day plus. Wasteland was my most-played game on the old IBM PC Jr. I look forward to introducing the game to my wife (who loves the Fallout series) and my son. Thanks, Mr. Fargo and to my fellow fans for bringing a great series back to life! I love all these types of games. Consider me a backer! omg, what a great day for RPG lover, i love you Brian, please take all my money !!! And please, please, no 3D, we don't want a poor casual game like fallout 3 !! Played Wasteland the first time back on the C64 - loved the game and never thought I'd be able to play it again. Looking forward to this and similar projects where we can see that old school gaming is not dead in the current environment (where everything is a AAA $100 million dollar project or a casual angry birds/farmville game). Also a FO1 and FO2 fan. Never played Wasteland, but since those were the spiritual successors this was an easy choice. There's no way this game won't be amazing. Can't wait! Have never played Wasteland but was a huge fan of Fallout and Fallout 2, and thus, am in total support of Wasteland returning. Would also love to see Wasteland 1 on GoG :) Good luck! This user's account has been deleted. Really hoping for a Linux version! What Gabriel Morgan said! For any of those games I would gladly shell $100 for boxed CE Edition! Add Ultima, Wizardry, real Gothic game, EOB sequel?, ..... Also in for $100, and maybe more. To any designers reading: I have more monies in my pocket for sequels to Baldur's Gate, Planescape: Torment, Starflight, Mail Order Monsters, Arcanum, and the Gold Box series. If you like my money, Kickstart those projects, too. Refreshing this page all day. Hope it reaches 1.5M to be on Mac. And please don't forget about text window like in Fallout where every pixel had a line or two of description. That gave this Fallout atmosphere. Thank you very much for your work! I am thoroughly amazed. Never got to play the original Wasteland, but I've spent so much time in Fallout 1 and 2 :) Good luck with the project, and may Wasteland 2 live up to the old classics! The video sold me alone, "There was a fallout 1 and 2?". Pledged $100. Really enjoyed fallout 1 + 2 much more than 3. Unfortunately, didn't get to play much of the original wasteland, but I would love to have a Wasteland 2. During the video, it killed me to hear the kid saying that he never heard of the games he mention. Never heard of Freespace!!! One of my favorite games of all time. I know he was just making a point but it was just brutal to me lol I pledged 250 You guys deserve more for making my favorite game in the world baldur's gate. You are a REAL PC GAME MAKER which there are very few left. Thank you Just backed, a huge fan of the original and also Fallout 1+2. My best wishes with you ! Postapocalyptic-Turnbased-Party-RPG, shit just got real ! The video was awesome, yet sadly true. I didn't play Wasteland.....but i DID play Fallout 1 and Fallout 2 ten times, maybe even more, and im still playing them! Also, im a big fan of Baldur's Gate 2.. So im really excited about this project, and hats down for the great idea Brian! My childhood thanx to you in my memories is better then it would be without, always have joyfull thoughts back on that days when i enjoyed those games till late night.....Keep up the good work! Alright. Make it happen Inxile. I am a huge fan of the original and am very glad to see this taking off. Great memories of "Harry the Bunny Master", scorpitrons, and shadowclaws. Well maybe not the scorpitron. Just backed 100 cant wait for wasteland 2 huge fan of Brians work @ ziv shamir - News is getting out there I learned about this from Kotaku with a massive reader base so I expect things will ramp up for these guys Just backed you guys. I did the $15 dollar option. Just a poor college kid - so this is a widows mite situation for me lol. I am glad to support your hard work and I hope that you guys will produce a kickass game. I fully hope that this is a giant success for you. Stick it to those producer a-holes! seems like the rate has been improved @Johann Lloyd, what did you mean by "..old school RPGs don't need a 3rd person view.."? Fallout, Fallout 2, PST, Baldur's Gate, Arcanum, etc are all using 3rd person view. Top-down / Isometric. 11,111 backers! Nice number :-) Exciting times eh?! @Amanda Ludlam : As a software professional I'm sadly aware of the ridiculous scale we've gotten to. The assertion that nobody's interested is pretty clearly not true with the amount of money that's been posted in so short a time, though. That was the point. Lets get it done! Show how old school RPG's don't need a 3rd person view or DLC to get it done. Can't wait. I am a zealot about telling all my non gamer friends about this... Hoping one or two will jump on and realize what this all could mean for music and film as well. @ET3D - Just took a look at it on Steam, agree that it's not really what I'm after. Avadon and similar are closer. But @searanox is probably right, 2003's Temple of Elemental Evil is probably the last relevant turn-based RPG released by a major developer and studio (Troika and Atari). Was buggy back in the day but the D&D ruleset implementation was superb. But... 2003! That's very sad. Nine years without a major top-down/iso turn-based RPG title. I can't wait to 'rip' my first clip. Best of luck Mr. Fargo. I can't wait to see what you and the team at InExile cook up! Are we gonna make the 900,000 today? Or will it only happen tomorrow? Stay tuned... for the next episode of HOW I MET YOUR MONEY! Auf ein tolles Spiel! =) I wanted this game badly yesterday, and I want it twice as bad today. Hope there is a Linux version. @Rick, don't expect moral decisions and such like in Cthulhu, though. It's just a funny hack and slasher. @Igor Kurtes - Unless Abandonia has some sort of agreement with the original publisher, games listed there are decidedly NOT legal. Whether it's ethical or not is more of a murky area. The fact that the game is unavailable to buy elsewhere has no effect on the legality of abandonware. @Jay Gillespie Not even Steam is safe from Pirates and That's a fact! From the FAQ: Can I get my digital copy on Steam, if I want? Absolutely. The digital copies will be made available through Steam and other DRM free digital distribution methods. @Rick: Probably Knights of the Chalice, Temple of Elemental Evil, maybe Avadon if you don't mind the dumbed-down character system. If you are a long time gamer you absolutely need to back projects like these. Gaming is taking a path of publisher/developer greediness that will utlimately kill the scene we all used to love. Just take a look at recent games like Street Fighter vs Tekken and their DLC issues. And re-releases like Megaman on IOS which makes you buy items with real money that back in the 90s you just unlocked with skill. Good Luck with the project and keep kicking ass! @Timothy Messer - unfortunately to those people that kind of money is hardly even pocket change. Big publishers are pretty much only interested in multi-million dollar franchises nowadays. @ET3D - Thanks for the recommendations. I have Dredmor on Steam, it's too roguelike for my tastes. Will check out Cthulhu (Ftagh'n!) "We have tried to pitch this game multiple times to game publishers, but they’ve balked. They don’t think there’s any interest in a solid, old school type of game." *Fans pledge $610,000 in about a day* Mr. Fargo, would it be too unprofessional to send this page to some of the makers who balked and simply add "I told you so"? @Rick, I consider Cthulhu Saves the World a good isometric turn based RPG. Dungeons of Dredmor may be on that list too, but I haven't played it enough to have an opinion on it. @alxnot As Pawel said, the game will be a DRM free download (it says so in the $15 pledge reward description). In fact, that might be the only way the final version is distributed to backers; none of the reward tiers mention a Steam code for the final version. The BETA will be available only on Steam, since inXile doesn't want the beta pirated and widely distributed before the final game comes out. So keep that in mind if you're pledging $75+ in order to access the beta. @alxnot - "DRM free" clearly means just that. Steam is DRM itself. So we can expect to both get a download of the installer and a Steam code for those who like that platform. Trivia question to which I don't (yet) know the answer - what was the last top-down or isometric completely turn-based (as opposed to the related but still very different pausable-real-time BG-style) CRPG that was considered good? @alxnot The game will be available DRM-free as well. This user's account has been deleted. Really hoping we'll reach 1.5m for the Mac OSX version! :) well I said EA are one of worst I hate, but publishers in general are getting worse, I utterly hated skyrim, morrowind is still a classic game and far better once modded, but skyrim may as well have been a FPS for what RPG elements were left in it and yes fallout 3 I hated, never tried NV, but that was done both another team, not sure how good or bad that was, but I still feel the first 2 were so good, and once you added killap's unofficial restoration package to 2 <url>"sequels" (ouch that hurt) to Syndicate and X-COM had become. /salute Desert Rangers! Even if this type of game is truly in a small nitch of people, we are devoted to this genre and style of game. We really don't need a publisher as we ALL are the publisher together. Sounds great! Did not play Wasteland - but this genre is just amazing. Also backed it up and let myself surprise in one and a half year ^^ just backed it up! good luck in making the game! Wasteland 2! Really?? Horray!!! 50$ from me. I am pretty impressed at how quickly they have raised money for this, but am not that surprised. Everything I have read about the project made me think, "This sounds awsome." Thanks, Igor...if it continues like this, they can start programming by the end of the week! :D Konstantin, you could taste human meat in F1. The Iguana Bob quest. Probably some bits were made of ****. I can believe this. Few hours ago I watched it obliterate 500K mark and now it's nearing 600k!!! Go fans go!!! For the boxed version, any way of making the packaging similar to the thin original Wasteland game. Be nice to have both thin versions on my desk. Please, translate to spanish @Christian Kpunkt It started around 27 hours ago :) 50$ from me, because Wasteland has been my favorite games for many many years. Plus it helped me a lot at school - I basically learned the English language from it. When did this fundraise start, anyway? Because it is raising by about 1.000$ every five to ten minutes.... Anyway, keep it up! I love this already! Definitely needs to have an M rating and be in the vein of the first two Fallouts, Icewind Dale, Baldur's Gate, Planescape, etc. Also, we REALLY need to get it up to 1.5 million for the Mac and Linux ports. REALLY need those ports! As a huge Wasteland fan... I love all 10438 of you who have pledged so far :) I never played Wasteland or any of the Fallouts. I'm a big Interplay fan though (Bard's Tale, Dragon Wars, Descent, all the BioWare stuff) and love turn-based RPG's. I'm happy to back the development of another one! Amazing speed... 170.000$ in 12 hours. People still believe in Interplay ) It's time to strike back! publishers have a lot to answer for, they may help in part, but I think they also put a lot of pressure on developers, more then they should. I think more games that are made outside publisher influence the better, OK this won't be possible for very large budget games, but many modern games hold no interest for me. nor will I ever play the syndicate revamp, which from my knowledge sucks badly, and I loved 1 and 2, yet publishers don't want to invest in such games anymore. I think one of the main problems with publishers are, they only want third person / first person games, while the old school games like fallout series, are left for dead, again lets prove them wrong shall we? Well , I think a post apocalyptic future is absolutely M rating. I can't imagine it otherwise ( it's hard to think anyone else does ). So, they are going for a M rating. That's good! I hope I can feel how the ****' flesh tastes like. With ketchup. This user's account has been deleted. @Salla Just one of the many, many reasons publishers are dragging down the industry. I mean, not that I think drugs, **** and mortal children are essential to the gaming experience, but it's nice that the developers are able to include them if they believe it makes a better story. damn, I think kickstarter is going to ruin me soon, not only did I pledge $100 for the double fine adventure, but now $50 for this one, give me strength to resist , but alas I could not, I thought I would wait a bit, but could not, I loved the fallout games, (1 and 2) never played wasteland, but I love these types of games, and its a sad state of affairs when publishers are turning their backs on them, lets show the publishers, there is demand for this type of game still, as I hope it goes above the 1 mill mark, and beyond, lets make it at least 1.5 mill two mill would be a good goal to reach, but there is plenty of time and the money is going up fairly quickly, so anything is possible good luck to the team @Pierre-Alexandre Agree! At least now there aren't any publishers involved who wants to add those limitations to get age limit as low as possible... I hope an uncensored game with drugs, **** and mortal children ! The most important is not what we do but what we can do. Wasteland 2? I "shiver with anticipation." The first game was amazing. The design, wit, humor, and attention to detail were all top-notch. It was the only game I ever replayed multiple times, each time finding a few more of the little things that made the whole experience that much richer. Loved Fallout 1 & 2 too. And now a Wasteland sequel? I hope this isn't all a dream. If there's not a giant death creature standing in an intersection in the middle of a city, I'll be disappointed! Even though I'm a windows user I hope that this can reach that magical 1.5 million mark (and hopefully even beyond that!) so people can have their OS X and maybe even linux release! :) Hopefully this will be at least as succesfull as double fine's kickstarter! I paid $70 a few years ago to buy the Interplay 10th Anniversary Anthology Collection just to get a replacement copy of WASTELAN. This seems like a much better use of money. I just wish I hadn't spent so much on 'squeezins. Keep that same sense of humor! Actually™, I hope this gets enough money to keep quality cuts away. I'm looking at you bugs and glitches and bad commercial story and w00t moments that only kids under 16 care about! Also, please devs, take your time on this one. I don't care if it takes another 22 years to make, just, please, do it right! I gave $15. I didn't play the original Wasteland, but the world looks extremely interesting to me and I love older WRPG's. I just hope you guys don't focus on voice acting because it seems that the more effort developers put into voice acting, the less dialogue and quests actually make it into the game. Good luck guys! Here's hoping for a Mac version! I am so happy this happening! I remember great times playing Wasteland on my Apple IIe and FO 1 and 2 are two of my all times favs. Being a sound and music guy myself I have always thought the FO 1 and 2 scores were awesome and so fitting, very cool Mark Morgan is on board for this as well! Count me in for iOS or Mac OS X Version!! I loved the game on my C64! I backed this game out of respect to its founder's role in inspiring one of my all time favourite games, Fallout 3. I know the original Wasteland and Fallout 3 are totally different games, but there is no question that the latter would not exist had not the former paved the way. Please make me cry ( out of joy )!!!!!!!!!!!! Hoping we reach the OS X level! Will there be red birds as ammunition in it? I'm so glad you decided to do this. Even though the $1,000,000 you asked for is a tiny amount of money as far as game production is concerned (most are created for $5-20 million plus advertising), it makes me really happy to see a team I respect and trust create something they WANT to create. This is why I backed DoubleFine's Adventure, and it's why I'm backing this game too. Best of luck - your fans will give you the million you asked for (and hopefully much more) simply because we believe in you. While I don't have much disposable income, so can't go for the cooler higher tiers, I'm happy to pay £10 now for a cool game in 18 months. If that's the future of the video game industry, and how I'll get the best games, it's a model I'm down with. I'm backed for $15. i dont need all the other crap, i just want a good game. I pleged and i will be deeply dissapointed if this dosent reach 2 millions in those 33 remaining days, spread the word, invite your friends =) $578k in 24 hrs! awesome. 150$ from a huge Fallout 1-2 fan ;) Pledged 100$, it will be a long wait. :) But I'm sure it will be worth it. I hope this gets 1.5m or more by the end. Thank you for doing this! Loved wasteland! I funded Doublefine for a lot, so I'm glad this one has about a month to go. All tapped out for now but I'll contribute the minimum and up it when I can :). Also, I'm really hoping it's old-school and not too graphics intensive (old PC). 10000 backers. yeah Never played original Wasteland, but like most people here I'm a Fallout fan. I'd love to discover the origin though ! Loved fallout, miss the genre, love the philosophy - make a great game guys. Wish we didnt have to wait for development. @Maikerupl: Tim cain estimated the Fallout budget to have been around $3 million. It apparently wasn't tightly budgeted the whole time so it's hard to say exactly. You sucked away endless hours of my life, ruined my eyesight with endless hours of staring into a C64 monitor, and now you want money from me so I can lock myself in a small room and go without proper nutritiion and hygeine for days on end, ending up a hollow shell of a man without a social life??????? Well.... ok then, sign me up. (The original wasteland was the game that showed me what interactive storylines COULD be.... and I think it should be required playing for any game developer these days.... chip in on a sequel? No brainer) YES! nearly 25 years later a Dream comes true. And now.......I'm leaving for my Cryo Chamber until October 2013. Wake me if it comes early... :) Yes we can! "for gamers, by gamers!" It's the only way to go. Lovely to contribute to a real fallout 3 non shooter. it would be nice that can be avaible in spanish! :) @Thomas Nielsen : I know - but that is provided they actually bother checking it. (And also why I asked about the shipping expenses, I like a budget spreadsheet that adds up) Bring me Fallout 2 2. I didnt play wasteland - just read about it. May be there will be release it on GOG? Or Apple/Android too? Backed, also hoping we reach the Mac OS X version (in case you're counting). Also there are 666 comments so I felt compelled to post ;-) Just got in with 15$. Wow, I rememberd how I loved playing Wasteland1 on my C64 :-) I loved the cluebook with the second story of the marsians invading earth (and of course the 'red rider airgun rifle with a compass in the stock') :-) @Ratazong I did ask for an iOS version. After that I checked on the Wasteland 2 Forum and discovered there's a poll-thread about having the iOS and Mac OSX version first. Mac OSX was in the lead (I can understand that). I backed this project, but I'm also ready to back another project to have an iOS version AFTER this one is completed. Anyone know the budget of fallout and fallout 2? Would like to see also those backers t-shirts like DF had, anyway greetings and support from Croatia Did anyone ask for an iOS Version? Turn-based would be nice on the iPad @Axel Winsa probably WAY lower, but those were different times. So how large was the budget for the original Wasteland? Thanks to inxile for your support of 'Nature of the Beast: Prairie vs. Polar'! I loved Wasteland as a kid and to have you support our Kickstarter was amazing. Good luck on your production - though with your team and funding, I don't think luck will have to factor in all that much! Top-notch all the way! @Andrew Railroad Tycoon? What about TRANSPORT Tycoon! I hope you guys dont make me some crappy weapon. Because Im going to insist on using it to beat the game, and that will make it very hard. @MandyLion Isn't it awesome? After OotS and Erfworld and Double Fine and now Wasteland 2, I just hope my wallet holds out! Plus Firaxis are remaking X-COM and EA are working on SimCity 5. I couldn't be happier. Unless there's a secret Railroad Tycoon 4 project out there.... While i am still waiting for Star Control sequel and Master of Magic sequel from-the-makers kickstarters, seeing your announcement sparked flashbacks no weaker. 25th Anniversary, Stonekeep, Fallout, just to name a few... I always loved seeing an Interplay logo upon starting the game, as it always had a promise of something unique, engrossing, and fun. You have my backing, and respect for doing this. OSX + Linux + PC support would be fantastic. Regardless you guys have my vote (and my pledge!). Best of luck guys! @ Anders Mellon Skov Hermansen You do know that the game will end up costing you ca 320kr (~$55) more because of our import tax + the 160kr fee post.dk charges to collect the 25% import tax...... This user's account has been deleted. SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY! Proper pc games! Yes please This user's account has been deleted. You guys seriously considering a Linux version made me pledge. I will definetly increase my support if you manage to come through with it, as I really dislike having to boot into Windows. Please consider a linux version! Just considering raising my pledge from $100 to $150... Chipped in with 15$. Still wondering about the higher tiers but any more than 15$ would be more like donation as the more interesting rewards only come with much higher pledges. Not to mention that the world just might be a wasteland before year 2013 is finished ;) I was only 2 years old when Wasteland was released, and then it was another half a decade before my family had anything you could actually play games on. But the enthusiasm for this game, my love for strategic turn-based RPGs and a possible burgeoning addiction to backing old-school games, means I'm putting my money up for this. This user's account has been deleted. Please put in co-op like baldurs gate style PLEASE. I've never had more fun than coop baldur's gate I don't care how buggy or restricting it is for the players that are not the main storyline character. I love fighting over dialogue options with my friends as we play through the game. "Digital Downloable copy of game DRM free for PC." Will be a permalink or just a one-time download? Would be awsome if you provide a valid steam-key :) Keep up! how much extra will shipping be for the collectors edition? That's a ****' shirt you were wearing when you started to get serious. Any chance I could get that with the $100 I pledged? This is like a dream come true. The video commentary got me rather excited. FO2 is still my favorite game of all time and if you chaps can re-create the atmosphere that game had I'll be more than happy, sign me up for $100.00 $100 +shipping from me. Would it be to much of a flirt with Fallout to have Ron Perlman as a narrator? :D I go for some shut-eye and the funding complely exploded over night! Well done eveybody! The old style RPG's are back in force - next Obsidian with Planescape: Torment 2 and another Baldurs Gate ;-) I want to see the original game remake! Redo it just as it was for us backers or make an XBLA version where you can switch between sleek new graphics & interface and the original one, like in Monkey Island. Ditto for sounds and music. @Anders Mellon Skov Hermansen You have to give extra $15 for shipping outside US. See FAQ Such wonderful news to wake up to - Especially after the whole MMO deal going so sour between Interplay and Bethesda. Wish I could put down more than 100$ but we all gotta live eh? heh Quick question : Will you charge extra for shipping to specific regions for the physical pledges? Some Kickstarter projects spring 10$ fees on pledgers from Europe. Oh, and make a linux version, please. Glad to contribute. Wateland was my favourite game and caused me to miss no end of lectures and tutes at Uni back in the day. Good luck to the team and make a fantastic game! It will hit $1,000.000 in no time! Am I really the only one, who would like to play it on X360/XBLA? I know that some of you may think that consoles are for dummies, but it may be not that hard to port turn-based game (do not need precision of a mouse to play)... It's about time corporate gaming got a kick in the jewels. Pledged. Good luck and godspeed to Brian and the team! Impressive. +100.000$ in less than 10 hours. Bravo ) I never played Wasteland, but a chance to support an old-school turn based RPG was just too good to pass by. Personally, I'm hoping for a mix of Fallout and Jagged Alliance 2 1.13. I must admit, i'm thrilled. It's nice to be able to contribute to something I really want and bypass the horribleness that is publishers trying to writhe like a maggot in rot towards the lowest common denominator. TAKE ALL MY MONEY Fantastic video. Your vid had me laughing when pitching the game to "publishers". Best of luck to this project. When entering a new locations, will there be a "LOADING" screen with someone changing the 5 1/4" floppy disk for us? =) @Das Gaus, I don't think you have to worry at this pace. :) Backed, hopefully we make it to a Mac version. Heres to hoping fan funding kicks some life back into the gaming industry! My pledge is as much of thank you for the enjoyment I got out of Wasteland and Fallout as it is for the Wasteland 2 sequel!. So looking forward to this! Well I never played Wasteland, but loved Falllout 1+2 you guys deserve my money... Looking forward to the game. Ugh! My bank account, still raw from Double Fine Adventure consummation, braces itself for further punishment... I came here from RPGCodex. Its funny how something as silly as a video game can be so moving. I cut my teeth on Fallout and have been chasing that dragon ever since, pretty much continually disappointed. "For gamers, by gamers." Good luck and make a great game! It begins :D I hope you guys make a 2D game in the spirit of Fallout 1. The day has come when we rise from the ashes. The day has come when we put power back in the hands of the developers and to the true fans. Fellow RPG lovers rejoice because today we started making history. Our kids will read about this on wikipedia in years to come. How we set the cRPG genre on the right path again and with it whole gaming industry. Right now with 530,302.00 dollars pledged by 9,093 people. Amazing that's roughly 58.00 dollars a person. Man I hope to be exploding things like a blood sausage. Also wouldn't mind a a few law rockets and a NATO assault rifle with a few clips of 7.62mm to unload on the 'ole bunny master at the agriculture center. F. U. Harry Probably it would require another kickstarter, but... When the PC (and MAC OSX and Linux) version(s) will be completed, could it be possible to evalute a portable version such as for iOS and/or Android? Should add a Wasteland 2 "Backer" T-Shirt to the $150 Pledge and above, I bet it would help make $150 more attractive. You had me at "turn-based". As linux is the only platform on any of my computers, I'm hoping that Wine is included during OS compatibility testing. Of course if a linux native version were to be made available that would be even better for me. Jake: We're putting the band back together. Mr. Fabulous: Forget it. No way. Elwood: We're on a mission from God. When I first saw the options I thought "why on earth would I spend another $15 for a soundtrack?", then I read the magical words "Mark Morgan" :) This user's account has been deleted. @ Martin Tan you should watch the video. it is some sort of angry birds. with SMGs. Ok!!! I donated...so can someone tell me what Wasteland is and all about? I would really appreciate it. i hope we can have some sort of base building like a town or a fortress or something. where you can upgrade with shops and special service npc's. mod tool kit would be nice as well. more power to the developers! I'm so on it, baby. Let's break the dependancy on publishers! Holy crap. I've been sitting here hitting refresh and reading comments for an hour. I should go to bed, but I'm so excited to see that, as of now, there's 9021 other people as excited as I am to see a Wasteland sequel. Brian Fargo. Making Wasteland. Needs a reward tier where I can shove more money in his face. I hit refresh every 10 minutes and the pledge is increasing in 1000 or even more. awesome Shut up and take my money! Also, +1 for Linux version... This user's account has been deleted. Godspeed, dudes. Go on to make great things. I think it's safe to assume, that Wasteland 2 will make more than 1,5 million. There's a lot of time left and the numbers keep increasing steadily. I really hope this makes it to $1.5 million in backing. I really really want a Mac version. Never played the original Wasteland and I'm not sure I'm a fan of pure top-down (prefer isometric myself), but I put myself down for $15 strictly based on my love for turn based rpgs and Fallout 1 & 2 Oh, wait, just read that there are problems thanks to the EA guys, what a bummer :( Oh, boy, waiting till 2013 is going to be hard! But whatever, I hope this goes well guys! And btw, it would have been cool to give some digital copies of the first Wasteland, as a few of us haven't got to play it yet :( The idea of party, turn based combat excites me... I'd be in heaven if it were a mech-based-game, but will be in paradise nonetheless if it gets funded... Good luck guys! BTW, Battle Chess was one of the first computer games I ever played... @SXX Important thing to developer not only collect money for development - but sell this ready product afterwards - to get the market demand. About iOS, i've contacted with Interplay studio about bringing the Fallout 2 to iPhones and mobile devices - they was very interested in this, but you know who holds the rights to this franchise. About controls in Touch devices - not necessarily to adjust game for touch control scheme - iPad 3 is powerful twice than Tegra 3 (and released benchmarks proves that) and also it's got Bluetooth 4.0 - so, it's just the matter of time when we see a compatible traditional controllers for iPad. I'm in for 50.00 I certainly remember the original and most of my life choices since 1988 have been based on "What would Covenant do?" or Dan Citrane, but i killed him and took his stuff. Through some twitter stalking I can assume Brian (Fargo) has gone to bed. Imagine those shiny tears of joy he will cry when he wakes up. It's said that when a game developer cries, a wasteland character gets an ammo clip. +1. waiting linux version I would also love to see a Linux version of this game! @Darren: The original Wasteland is probably still owned by Electronic Arts, from when they bought Interplay. I doubt EA would let go of anything. Brianb Fargo probably got the Trademark deleted on the grounds that they didn't use it in twenty years, and EA neglected to challenge that. IIRC that's how he reclaimed the Bard's Tale trademark. Any hopes for getting the original Wasteland in there as well? Never played that one but love just about every other game that was mentioned. Sounds like this is gonna be a go ;) I would pledge a lot more than a measly $15 if a Linux version was on the cards. You guys should contact Ryan C. Gordon (icculus) : he ported lots of games to Linux (and MacOS). I would be thrilled if you could work this out. Let's see what my friends in Europe can whip up. Rock Paper Shotgun's denizens are starting to come to life. I'll go poke them some more. I have heard of Interplay n such, and I've gotta be honest. I've never played Fallout 1 or 2 or Wasteland. I am a diehard strategy / srpg fan however, I love turn based/ real time games like this. I want to say that this looks freaking awesome, good luck y'all! Wow.... $501,675. I'm floored how fast this has taken off. I've played Fallout 1, Fallout 2 and now Baldur's Gate while flying places for work (I can knock my laptop processor down to next to nothing and get amazing battery life while still keeping them playable). I've been wanting Wasteland 2 since I played the first one back in middle school. Looks like I may need to break out the emulator... If you happen to see a guy flying on Alaska playing Wasteland be sure to give me the secret Desert Ranger fist bump. W00h00! 500k in less that 24 hrs! I hope I have brought some attention from my deals.woot post. Go up vote it to keep it on the front page! <url>#ff7b9d14-3702-4946-90e5-615d01317b57 Dawn over Europe and Half a Mile is shining on the world! Yeeeehaaw! Half a million! Time for bed. $500,010! And there's 500k! this is awesome. closing on 500k! Pledged 50 for now. Depending on how my finances look after pax east, I'll likely be upping that. Unfortunately I never played Wasteland on the basis that it was released a year before I was born. However, it looks like a game that I would have enjoyed had I been alive at the time ;) I love the Fallout series as well, including the original, so I hope you guys reach your goal. Good luck! I would pay for the *chance* that wasteland 2 would be made... paying only if it does get made is just icing on an otherwise sweet, sweet cake made of hope and joy. Looking forward to it. Pledged. I cannot wait to see what you guys do with this game. I still have Mark Morgan's compositions from Planescape: Torment, now on my iPod, and listen to it often during car rides. @Alex They can't just give "activation key" for 50,000 on App Store, its not like Steam/Desura, its not possible. So you anyway will need to pay one more time. Its why I think all mobile versions should be released after "normal" versions. Yes, I want a steam key. Personally, I'd much rather NOT see an iOS version, for the simple reason that I would hate to see the PC version dumbed down to work on an iPad interface. These old RPGs used every key on the keyboard, and while I'm sure some simplification is possible, tapping menus doesn't feel in the spirit of this project. Question. Do we get a Steam key with a pledge of $15? iOS version for iPad will be good too for many users. Just wanted to say hi and good luck from Hong Kong! Grew up with Fallout, Baldur's Gate etc and have been replaying them recently - they're even better from an adult's perspective. Good job on the pricing, I pledged $30 to Double-Fine because I felt their boxed copy was a little too much, but $50 including a cloth map sold me immediately. Just a note - you might want to put information about international shipping in the pledge area because some people might not look all the way at the bottom for the info. Really looking forward to this and more dream projects! I'm soooo hyped for this project being here. An old school tactical turn-based RPG in a post-apocalyptic setting? SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY! :) So influenced by all your games in creating my own, I'm honored that I can back a project that will bring back the old school RPG as I knew it once to be! I also backed double fine adventure and was hoping for a new waste land. I'm glad to see there are still people like me that want games like this. I got tired of the pr speak and being told what "people" want. Now I can make a real statment about the sort of game i want. Tim Schafer lead the way but its only the begining :oots of posablity opening up and developers will take notice. MAC version comes if the Kickstarter hits ~1.5 million. They want to do it, but it costs. How much is the MAC Version or is it included? I was sent here by Tim Schafer - backed both :) I hope to see 500k by the time I leave office (means next 5 hours) First, Double Fine and now this awesomeness??? Count me in!! Sorry I can't access the site to give feedback on features. It requires a google account which I can't get due to lack of cell phone. Hi all. i backed DFA and now Wasteland 2 which I read about on RPS. I like turn based tactical games and i also have great memories of playing Interplay titles like Neuromancer on my old Amiga. Never actually played the original Wasteland.. hoping it was good.. ; ) Here's a link to that for those interested. www.rpgcodex.net/forums/index.php?threads/fundraising-5000-for-a-codex-shrine-in-wasteland-2.70242/ Onward to 500K! Heh. And now the RPG Codex is raising money among themselves to buy out one of the higher level tiers. This is after the majority already donated for their copy. I love Grognards. Andrew Maizels: I think this one probably went a bit slower in the start than it could have. Fans of old school adventure games and fans of old school cRPGs are often the same people, and I'd wager that a lot of gamers and their wallets are exhausted after the Double Fine kickstarter. So I agree that this will probably go a lot higher - once people have had time to get over how much we spent on the adventure game (and maybe had a paycheck come in), our fingers will start itching to spend more here as well :) I think we'll safely reach $1M. Whether we hit $2M or $3M depends on how much Brian and the crew can sustain interest after the initial rush of committed fans. Hoping to see this rival Double Fine! I really hope it hit $1M Can't wait, really. one day and halfway there. Coolio. Good luck you guys. Much love from DF <3 Just made my pledge. I will admit that I've never played Wasteland, but I did play Fallout 1 & 2 (at a really young age) and fell in love with it. I will have get myself a copy of Wasteland and give it a try. Really looking forward to this. Well, I've spread the news all over the Nexus, as well as the Modding groups for the older RPGs based on the D&D Ruleset (including Icewind Dale). I know of no other big fans of cRPGs. If you do, spread the word people! What I'd REALLY like is an updated Neuromancer, but I'll settle for Wasteland 2. ;) You guys should add a $20 bracket that includes the DRM free download *and* a steam activated key. I'd totally pay $5 to have it in my steam library "forever"... Plus, achievements... I assume hosting with steam isn't free, and I'd mention that in the backer level. Anyone want to buy a kidney? It's probably mostly good. Woo! Halfway. Rarely have I been so excited about something. I kinda missed the golden age of the CRPG's that wasteland helped spawn, but going back but I can still see how great those games are even today as I go back and play through them How much is needed for voice acting? I came across this project by accident - and am glad I did... I was shocked. This is exciting news - I can't wait for this to come together! Everyone should hit up: <url>#16/e=1f7176 and give the team your feedback on features. Also, you should upvote all the ideas I agree with :P throwing money at the screen did work this time!!! 50.5% (or something!!) w000000000t I'm so pumped I'm falling into teh l33tspeak. OMG HALF WAY OMGOMGOMG I hope you succeed in bringing this genre back. It's what I love to play. DA came close and brought me back to gaming but DA2 did the opposite. Your game might be the next game I play. Hope to see you funded beyond 1.5 we need a Mac port! Oh and iOS as well HALFWAY : D GO GAMERS <3 450k reached! Yeah I will estimate that, assuming the funding takes a similar course as DFA, they'll end up with between $1.3 and $1.5 million by the end. Hopefully more than enough. Can't wait! Good luck! Sweetnessssss! Just backed. Glad to see such a great reaction to your project. You guys deserve it. And thank you for backing ours. October 2013 feels so long away! 49% basically half way there in day good going people Can't wait, glad I could help make it happen. I wonder if ppl will migrate to this comment section and fool around here for the coming month like we did over at DFA :) I was such a devotee of this game! I played it countless times as a kid on my apple 2 and later pc. I can't wait! Hooray for real CRPGs! Been too long since I played one. Argh... meant to post a link there: <url>"Interplay"... just one title was enough for me to buy a game. And I hope, that legend of video game industry will rise again. I hope to see a game for games, not for money, like CoD. Sad, that I only have 250$ to share =/ I wish I could share 10.000$ =/ P.S. Russia supports you! Part of me hopes I can import my party from the end of Wasteland, but that's probably impractical (not to mention a newbie with a meson cannon would probably be a bit unbalancing)... I would love to see a sequel to Wasteland, so shut up and take my money! :) I'm unfortunately very poor right now and struggling to afford all my bills this month. Still I can't ignore this project so I just put down a $15 as a backer. Wish I could do more (want the edition with the cloth map :( ) but I just can't. You are already halfway to the goal and I'm really happy this is working out so great for you guys. Never played Wasteland but I still loved the creative golden era of PC gaming and by the sounds of it, I will love Wasteland 2 Guys. just few peoples checked forums, so: <url>#16/e=1f7176 Add your ideas and vote! This would appear to be the only way to play games I want anymore, outside say, Paradox and to a much lesser extent Bethesda. 47% of the way their folks Im frankly astonished how quickly its got there I never thought this would really happen and the pledges are almost halfway there already! Oddly enough - I was just replaying the original. You can still pick up 'The Ultimate RPG Archives' collection with Wasteland and several other classics. Grew up with C-64 Bard's Tale and others. So good to see luminaries of old working together to create something with the flavor of the golden age of gaming. Really hope this project moves forward, putting my $$ behind it, and thanks in advance to all those willing to commit putting their time, energy, and soul into. Good luck! This might rival Doublefines funding from the looks of it. Can't wait for the game. I grew up on Fallout, Fallout 2, and Fallout Tactics, and even now, as a grad student, I still have my originals discs and the frequent urge to whip them out and start a new game. I love that this project is happening. It couldn't be with a better or more qualified team. Thank you! Finally! Ever since I heard the rights had been aquired by inXile I have hoped that they would do this. Wasteland is one of my all time favorite games. I cannot tell how many hours I played this game back in the day. How many times I raided the Guardian Citadel. How many Scorpitrons I blasted to bits. Good times. Thank you! Being such a big Fallout fan, and post-apo things, I feel entitled to back this project ! MY BODY IS READY!!!!!!!!!!! Also, will there be an option to have squad mates/ party members be ai controlled? Like I'd only specifically control one character and the rest would be automated? Please don't let me get hit by a bus or something before I get to play this game! One of my two favorite games of all time. My other ... was Syndicate. So you're definitely not going to make this an FPS, right? Never played Wasteland, but I'm a Fallout fan, and I'm a fan of bypassing publishers to make games people want to play. Good Luck, you have my backing! Turn based, possibly isometric, party oriented RPG? Founder of Interplay!? It is physically impossible for me to not give you my money. Donated because Chris Avellone I actually have the original game on a compilation disc somewhere (I think), so at least it would be legal, I just never fired it up at the time I bought it. Sadly the original is currently impossible to obtain legally, unless you find it on eBay or some such site. It's being held in limbo by EA at the moment, but maybe this campaign will convince them to release it to GOG or something. The original could be possible to play with emulation but it might be illegal. Not sure, I don't know of any way to purchase it but I would if I could. I hadn't heard about this project until it was mentioned on the uStream for Double Fine earlier today.....good thing, if you ask me! C'mon, paragraphs book... Bard's Tale was the first RPG I ever played, Mr. Fargo. Thank you for helping to inspire the career I have today. Best wishes for the game! I've never even touched the original Wasteland, but the team lined up for the game (esp Morgan on the soundtrack), my $30 is in the pot. I know it'll go up before the end - just need to decide which box I can afford. Side note: can anyone say if the original Wasteland is playable today for a newcomer? Wasteland was one of the first RPGs I ever played and I loved it. Awesome project for my first Kickstarter pledge. Don't make it "snarky!" Finally the show is on the road! Wasteland 2 is the game of my Dreams! Keep funding all! One shot Fargo! Screw this up, and your out. Almost half way to the goal and it's only the first day! I never played Wasteland, and despite owning both I haven't finished either of the first two Fallouts, but I wholly support what this suggests the future may hold for non-stupid game design. Goddamn I love videogames. Here take my money. Couldn't think of a better game for my first pledge. This is going to ridiculously awesome. Funded. Take my money. Plus I just bought Icewind Dale at GOG.com for old times' sake... Bring on party management and tactical turn-based combat, but most of all PLEASE make a wonderful soundtrack (Icewind Dale has one of the best soundtracks ever on the medium) Go go go Wasteland 2! Although I never played the original, my love for the original Fallout 1 & 2 made me jump into this almost immediately. All the best to team and I'm counting on you guys delivering a kick ass game for the real fans of deep and complex games. You had me at turn-based. Yay! Double Fine Adventures just ended, now it's time for Wasteland 2! Big fan of Fallout 1-2 I really want this to succeed, and by the amount donated so far it looks like it will. Eagerly awaiting updates and the finished product!. I was only about two years old when Wasteland was released, but I religiouslyplayed almost every game you listed in the video as derivatives - Fallout 1 & 2, Baldur's Gate, Icewinde Dale, etc. Take my money and make this happen! Double Fine Adventure has given me an the inspiration to fund these projects of love on Kickstarter so Ive funded this FTL, and Double Fine I thought this was an ambitious target 1 mil but the rate this is going it looks doable with the extras. Hope to have lots of personal notes and other crap like that in game as its add so much to the immersion That kid in the video is a hoot. Kid: "Is it a billion dollar franchise?" Fargo: *groans* My first Kickstarter pledge. Too bad there wasn't a "2 of 2" available pledge of $25,000 for point in the profits. ;) These are the things that I hope (not demand) are in the game: 1. Lots of reading! (especially in place of poor voice-acting) 2. A way to finish the game without killing anyone. 3. Tough gameplay to match the setting. 4. I want to tie a rope to something to climb down another thing. Thank you, I can't wait for the game to come out! Do the packaging as an oldschool EA style gatefold and I'll up my contribution :) My first kickstarted pledge. A return to quality CRPG games is long overdue. Some of the first PC game I played when I was younger was Wasteland, I graduated from consoles and saw how PC gaming was much more complex and more fun, Wasteland was one of those games, I have been a fan of many of the games put out by some of the names behind this project , Fallout 1-2, Baldur's Gate etc on my list of favorite PC games of all time, I'm happy to help support this project :D and I hope it reaches it goal which is coming fast just for one day. I signed up for Kickstarter to do this, Wasteland was the first computer game I ever purchased. I am confident you will not crap all over my dreams, please spend my $75 on something awesome. MADE MY PLEDGE! THIS GAME SOUNDS AWESOME! Just please please please make an inventory limit optional not certain yet, but they will release a linux port alongside with os x—when the number hits the magic 1½ mil. barrier. Never played Wastelands, but if it's anything nearly like Fallout 1 & 2: Shut up and take my money! Sounds great, looking forward to seeing the goal reached. I remember playing the original game as a kid on my Commodore 64. Good times. I'm looking forward to this project becoming a reality. :D Pledged. Now back to replaying Wasteland, good times. Allright folks, first time backer going in for about the cost of a digital deluxe edition. For the love of all that is holy please end your game with the standard Fallout slideshow epilogue. Canned FMV sequences have made me... angry... of late. dlc ???? no thanks !!!!!!!!! expansion(s) ? sure I pitched in at one of the higher levels. If you guys are considering OSX ... please consider a Linux version as well? One of my top 5 favorite games from my childhood getting a much wanted sequel. INstant backing for me. The games you've made captured my imagination as a youth. Thank you for the magic and here's to hoping. Augh... need to proof read next time :O I know the bloated game publishers of today are too stupid to know a good game even if hit them in the face. This kickstart is kicking them in the face right now. look at how much we support we pulled so far and how quickly we are managing to snowball it. If I bet guys at EA are looking at this going "PHUAAAAAK I coulda milked this game with so much DLC content, phuaaak..." :D GET THE WORD OUT :D Hit up old forums and chats. Do your part :D YOU WANT THIS GAME? RIGHT? I can't tell you how excited I am to see this! Spent hours on the original Wasteland on an old Apple II when I was a kid. Very happy to fund this excellent idea. Please add me to the voices requesting that you consider adding linux compatibility. Thanks and happy coding! In for $100. Never played Wasteland, but I'm a huge fan of the original Fallout games. First pledge, 1k in the hole. Would love to be part of that NPC slot. Would love to be a Red rider BB gun collector who wanders the wastes as a Feral Ghoul hunter. Just wanted to mention that I also have a kickstarter project on here(Zpocalypse), that was hugely influenced by the Fallout franchise. I'm so overjoyed that this will be a classic top down, and am over-curious on what sort of combat system will be in play? Gurps, special or somethingnew? The chess board coffee shop table reminded me of Finster's head. Man I loved Wasteland! Can't wait to see a new game. I *loved* Wasteland on the C64! Here's hoping this project far exceeds the funding goal, and that we'll see versions for multiple operating systems, including iOS / Android. C'mon $400k! My first kickstarter pledge. This should be interesting. When I started playing computer games in 1980 I always dreamed about how great the games would be in 30 years. What I didn't know was that game play would actually get worse. Finding a decent game in 2012 is actually harder than it was in 1980 as game play has taken a back seat to graphics. I have been waiting for a new way to fund games so that game play could once again be important... the Dwarf Fortress model or the Mount & Blade model are good choices, but this Kickstarter method may end up being the savior for those of us that value game play over next generation vistas. Good luck. I pitched in my $50, I used to play this game on my old Commodore 64, then on the PC. This is going to be awesome. Man, look at the pledges piling up!! I am honored and so so so excited to be a backer for this. Wasteland is why I first really got into gaming and was the first genre that rung all the right bells for me. I could go on, but it would just be one of the thousand of identical stories I am sure. When I first saw info on this earlier today it basically ruined my productivity for the remainder of my work day. I was so excited and couldn't nerd out on my co-workers. So, as a small venting -- WOO HOO! When telling me wife about it; she cut me off and said "So back it already! You're dancing around like a bee on speed!" This user's account has been deleted. Agreed with Daniel. I'd like the signed box set and another box set I can open up and use the map and instruction book. Would it be possible to add a $350 option that includes a second boxed collector's editions (ie, just add in an addition $100 bonus to the $250 one)? That way you could have the sealed signed box but still be able to get the in-box cloth map, instruction book, etc. I guess the alternate is creating a second account and making a new $100 donation, but this would be neater. Epic moments !! Helping you guys gives me that fuzzy feeling. Good luck on the game! This user's account has been deleted. It's on slashdot now. 3*10k now @infestor Because this project just start. I think they add more answers tomorrow. Played that all day backed in the eighties, this is so cool! But please, please, please we need an OS X version! @Andrew Hows: you're correct. i should have elaborated a bit more. also, why the hell is this issue not on FAQ? @Infestor, Mikael: You can do that, but you need to signup twice, and pledge once from each account (I had to do the same for a previous Kickstart) Already plonked down for the box set - and would like to add my voice to the calls for a Linux version. At least, setting a donation threshold at which Linux support could be added (as per OSX). Or even just official Linux-Wine support if full-native is not feasible. i don't know whether it was jay wilson or not but someone dropped 10.000$! Oh my god.... My dreams are finally coming true... WASTELAND 2!!! Memories, sweet memories. But aside from nostalgia factor I think it'll be interesting to see how things will turn out. I hope Brian will be able to get more great folk on the project, particularly those people who did classic RPGs of what I personally call a 'golden era' of PC RPG games. Also I'd like to see Linux version as well. I concur. Please make a Linux version as well. In fact, if it's a simple 2D (or 3D) game, it shouldn't be hard to port it to multiple systems with minimum hassle if you guys use certain development frameworks. Jay Wilson, Game Director at Blizzard (Angryrobotics on Twitter) replied and said he's a backer. May help get the Diablo folks on board. I'm very much hoping that there'll be a Linux version :) Shut up and take my money! The Internet is a great way to shop, because there are very few real stores that will let you make your purchases and then hang around masturbating. This user's account has been deleted. I was going to back Your World, because Bunky makes a great case for a game that takes Second Life, Star Wars: TOR, and World of Warcraft and rolls them into one. I mean, who doesn't want light saber wielding **** fighting Orcs, right? But then I saw, for $50, I can get a cloth map. Well played. This is awesome. Please push it to the Mac OS X level! I've tossed in my grand. There is just one computer game in the whole world which I would be ready to pay for in advance. And guess what - this is it!!! If Wasteland 2 can't bring back the old-school RPG to 21st century then nothing can. And hey it will come magic fantasy bull%#&* free! Yeah xD It seems like it! @Mikael Olofsson: <url>#p1508 @Salla you are go to be international shipping consultant of this project :3 This user's account has been deleted. I've never been this excited at the idea of having tossed $115 at my computer screen. International shipping is 15$ Any additional shipping costs for international backers at 50$? @Carl Jonas Cords: just double pledge. e.g. if you want two 50$ tiers: pledge 50 first and then another 50. This user's account has been deleted. Carl Jonas Cords make kickstarter account for him pay with your amazon account and enter your cousin address Holy christ, time for a real RPG, im getting sick and tired of shitty dialogue wheels, horrible dialogues and romance bullshit. Give me some real RPG How can I pledge for a third party ? My cousin would be so thrilled... We're 2nd paging on deals.woot.com! Thank to those that upvoted so far! Help get to front page! I think we can get a lot of support from here even if its just $15 pledges. <url>"Rock, Paper, Shotgun" and the thing had barely started then. 2500 dollar tier has no love. Maybe spiff it up a bit? ;-) over 300k on the first day, holy shit This user's account has been deleted. Unless I'm wrong the press hasn't yet really pick the story up. This might not get the same amount of money like Schäfers project, but then again there a shit load of fallout fans out there, who are nowadays professionells.. @what489 I quite agree, 100%, that a native Linux port should not be a priority. I never said that it should be. I said I'd like one, and I suggested that by making conscious decisions NOW they can avoid a lot of problems LATER when they do have the funds to invest in the minor tweaks required to get it working in Linux, and will certainly make it significantly easier to port to Mac. Yes, MINOR tweaks. Any decent Linux distro has long ago abstracted everything away from the differences you are talking about: it is not significantly different from the testing that would be required for Windows compatibility. There are a lot of companies, including indie developers who certainly don't have anywhere near the $300'000 that I'm seeing on the right side of my screen (to say nothing of the million they're hoping to have in 35 days) that have few problems building their games to run on Windows, Mac, and Linux simply because they actively made choices in libraries and design that didn't restrict them. Don't get me wrong, I am absolutely not an advocate of All OpenSource All The Time nor Everything Must Be Cross Platform: if you set out to write a Windows game, then you should make the choices that make that easiest and I will support those decisions 100%, BUT if you are setting out to write a game with the eventual intention of porting it to Mac as this kickstarter is suggesting they want to do, then choosing Windows only libraries like DirectX will necessarily make the porting effort much more difficult, and if you invest just a small amount of time at the start choosing your libraries carefully, the porting effort becomes almost seamless and you will almost certainly get a Linux port out of it at very little extra cost. My advocacy is strictly that if they WANT to port it to Mac, then they should decide ahead of time how they're going to do that and NOT make choices that will make that port more difficult, and it wouldn't hurt to consider adding Linux to their thoughts while they do it. I want this to get 100 000 backers, dammit. If we can get the word out I think 600K should be doable in 24hrs. $100 down to support some of my favorite guys in the industry, lets kick some ass! :D I predict we'll be close to 6 or 700k at the end of 24hrs, fallout fan in me dreams about whole 900k in 24hrs :D In inXile entertainment's profile it says that the project was started 10 hours ago. :o You had me at "getting the band back together." You had me even more with Mark Morgan. 300 000 yay! $300,000 in 8 hours. This user's account has been deleted. i never played wasteland but fallout 1 + 2 are the best games i've ever played. i hope wasteland 2 will be like these two games. greetings from germany :) I never played Wasteland, but I started looking into it after I realized Fallout was inspired by it. A post apocalyptic game made in a top down turn based format...Made by interplay. Hah! Take my money! Please! Hell, look closer. Interplay was all over my childhood. Looking closer. Battle Chess, Clayfighter, Descent, Die by the Sword, Fallout, Icewind Dale, The Lost Vikings... Geeze. And hilariously, I started up Planescape Torment for the first time 2 months ago! And it's amazing. Ugh on the RPG Adventure drought where I pull out 12 yo games for the first time... Seriously, even if Wasteland 2 comes out crap, I figure it'll be at least on par with the stuff that we are seeing released weekly. And heck, at least it won't be a first person shooter! $50 donation. Won't regret it either way. 8 hours ago,so far we're 100k behind the doublefine adventure (in the same time period)/ @Kenneth, the oldest comment was from today -- about 7-8 hours ago.... Oh and people, spread the word wherever you can, twitter, fb, other social media, friends, co-workers, we need this to get viral and nets as much funds possible :) About 10 hours ago When did this project start? 300K already! @gunz I voted up on this -- it truly is a WOOT! deal if I ever saw one. Pledged $265! I salute inXile, the pledging fans and everything this genre stands for! The games Fargo has touched changed my life. Shut up and take my money! Never played Wasteland (wasn't even born in 88), but damn IceWind Dale and Fallouts were super awesome. I hope you guys still got this in you. And small note in the end for the Russian crowd... really touching, not sure that a lot of our dudes will support though, but you have a lot of fans for sure. I wonder if a kid from Highpool will be in Wasteland 2, maybe armed with the Red Ryder Rifle and out for blood. I'm sure I'm not only one that had that end up badly:) Pledged 65$, maybe I'll go for 115$ towards the end. Have to wait and see how my financial status will stand in a month :) Pledge made. I also added this to deals.woot.com because the lowest pledge of $15 is an excellent deal for a game! Help bring it to the front page! <url>"Role-Playing" in Role-Playing Games, will ya? This is so awesome!!! Any chance for a Mac version? I have loved every fallout game from1 to the New Vegas addons. I've spent hours on fallout wiki's just going over the backstory. It is an honor to pledge to support the man responsible for the fallout series. Being a part of the incline and it feels good man! Also adding my request for a Linux version. As a Linux developer I've investigated many technologies over the years and I know that making a few simple choices now can save you a lot of headache later when you decide to port to other platforms. If you start with no intention of porting, that's your prerogative, but since you're already considering a Mac port, consider your design decisions, save your future self from porting problems, and almost invariably end up with a nearly Linux compatible application anyway. You hit all three markets with only a small initial investment of research, and a much easier time porting between the two for their own particular quirks. If you target Windows first with no regard for portability you will encounter problems when you decide to make it Mac compatible, and almost guaranteed it will require similar effort to get it to be Linux compatible. I was born in 1988, but have gone back and played some of the old games like Fallout, and its a hoot. I will gladly pay in advance for a boxed copy (gotta have that manual and map) and put my faith in you to make something great. I have never played Wasteland (I was born in 82') but I have played and played and played Fallout 1 and 2. I can't wait to get another game from the guys that made those games. Among my favorite games ever! I grew up playing Wasteland and loved it! I could never understood why another one wasn't made, then came Fallout and I loved it ever second of it, and then Fallout2 - after that well... I cant say much. The first person shooter version of Fallout is nice, but not what I NEED - this is what I NEED so here's $50! Now lets do this!!! The original Wasteland robbed me of vast amounts of free time. This is amazing! @Sean Just had the same "problem". Go into -manage your pledge- and type in any amount in the top field. You can do that without changing the initial reward too, if you want. If you want to get the better reward just choose one of the options below. as @infestor says, a Linux version would be much appreciated. Never played the original. Loved Fallout 1 & 2. Donated $100. Use our money well, inXile. @Salla Good job being all kinds of helpful! @sergey: Looks like the numbers of Linux users is about equal to that of the Mac users -- but the Linux users are more generous per-capita. A Linux version might be a better choice financially than a Mac version -- not to mention the fact that if it is written for Linux in the first place, it is far easier to port to other platforms... Dear Brian & W2 Team, I salute you with great start, this is most awesome thing (for me personally) that happened since 1998 in gaming industry. So happy for you guys and I I'm honored to back up such talented people. One suggestion though - if we donate more then $1.5 mil. please make Wasteland 2 an isometric (cavalier oblique) crpg, it will help allot of people to immerse in to Wasteland 2 game universe. The rest you got covered ))) Thx again for doing this. Sorry ahead of time, I just watched Pete's Dragon with my daughter the other day... o/` Watch the profits come rolling in.... o/` o/` Can't you hear that jingle-jangle sound? o/` Just click on the manage your pledge button on the right "manage your pledge" Is there a way I can increase my donation? we want a linux version! ' `. '.- . .--. . |: _ | : _ :| |`(@)--`.(@) | : .' `-, : :(_____.-'.' ` : `-.__.-' : ` _. _. . / / `_ ' \ . . : \\ \ . : _ __ .\ . . / : `. \ : / ' : `. . ' ` : : : `. .`_ : : / ' | :' \ . : '__ : .--' \`-._ . .' : `). ..| \ ) : '._.' : ; \-'. ..: / '. \ - ....- | ' -. : _____ | .' ` -. .'-- --`. .' `-- -- Stefan Eriksson rips a clip on the Kickstarter Project, hitting it for $65 and turning it into chunky meat kibble. Go Go Go! <3 You have been the inspiration for so many of the games I love and enjoy today. Best of luck and here's $100 more to get you closer to your goal. "Wasteland 2 Kickstarter explodes like a blood sausage" I made a $50 pledge... Thanks for russian localization! I hope that Linux version of this game will be avaliable. I don't know why developers are afraid of Linux. Relative donations from "linuxoids", by the way, often is bigger than other systems users. Here is the sample: <url>"estimated delivery" is set for October 2013 (see the pledge description panel to your right). @Bill Brewer they have 'estimated delivery: Oct 2013' that's probably a rough estimate. I never played Wasteland but am a big fallout fan and can't resist to support this project. @Stefan whenever I show someone a game like KOTOR these days, the reaction is pretty much "That looks stupid and boring. Where is the skill? you can even pause the game and still issue commands!" I blame all the frat boys who liked Halo 2 for the current situation in gaming. Now if it isn't an fps, it just sucks (weeps for the future of humanity). Heck, it was worth a pledge just for that video alone. Been working in games for 20+ years, Brian, and the publisher bits were awesome. Can't wait for you to surpass your goal and bring some amazing games back. @Matthew Not the only one (I am 23) but my PC gaming days didn't start till around 1996 so I am looking forward to seeing what the gamers that came before me had to offer. Never played the original Wasteland. Spent hundreds of hours playing Fallout 1 & 2, and Baldur's Gate. Here's 100$, because I trust you, because I want your game, and for every incredible hours I had playing an Interplay game. Thanks Brian. This needs just as much as Double Fine. There is hope for the next generation yet. ^.^ I've been saying for years that I'm tired of the publishers playing to the 15-25 year old set. Don't they understand that "old" gamers like me have MONEY? If you make games that WE want, we will BUY them, we won't pirate them, we don't have to ask mom if it's all right, and we don't have to hit dad up for the money. Three cheers for Inxile! Finally I can literally put my money where my mouth is! I'm in for $100! What's the release date? ;) @Matthew Don't be too sure. The thing is that most people your age have never SEEN a game like this, so they don't even know they exist for them to like! Hopefully Wasteland 2 will open quite a few eyes when it's released. Holeee shit. This was the last thing I was expecting to pop up on KickStarter. Brian, I owe you guys for providing years of entertainment over Wasteland and the first two Fallout titles, so this is an absolute must fund for me. Thank you, so much. <3 I can't wait for this! Unfortunately I'm probably the only member of my generation who feels that way (I'm 17). Take my money and give me this game that I want to play! Another 1k backer! Huzah! I'm seeing an average of 1K per minute! Lots of Interplay fans here. Great video, good luck! Just don't let this go the route of the Bard's Tale reboot. Brian, this is your chance to prove that you've still got it. @Konstantin, I think it's more like planning and figuring out what different details of the game should be like. Anyway, we can watch the process and take part in the discussion at forums. @Ozymandias LOL! im in for 115$ !! Cheers to rockpapershotgun for letting me know that my FAVE game of all time is FINALLY FINALLY FINALLY getting its sequel. Looks like you guys will be having no problem meeting your goal. I'm happy to have contributed! Wasteland was a defining game of my youth and it, along with the Ultima series, taught me English at a very young age. Of course I'll help fund the development of the sequel, and there is no doubt in my mind I'll pay for the boxed version with a cloth map. In the words of those more eloquent than I; shut up and take my money! @Jeremy The development is already somewhat under way, judging by the Fargo's RPS interview. Jeremy, the latter, as far as I understand what's written on the project page. Moreover, the actual coding would start in half a year, that's time they need to design the game properly and make sure all reasonable proposals by the community would be implemented. Wasteland: #1 video game of all time! @Ray Everyone pledging an aditional $1 would do wonders if this gets the same amount of backers as DF Adventure. Hell, I might go for the $50 pledge in april if I can afford it. Wish I had a spare 10,000 lying around. Oh well, have 65 instead. @ray $103 -- now what? After the time runs out. So does development start when we hit 900,000 or after the time runs out? RPS.com also brought me here. For the record. @Stanislav, should you pledge the shipping price right now or you can pay as the actual disks are ready? Rockpapershotgun.com brought me here. Wasteland was my all-time favorite genre-defining game. Can't wait to see Wasteland 2 finally finally out! Great! I'll be honest. I've never heard of Wasteland. But, I did play (and love) Fallout, Fallout 2, Descent, Descent 2, Baldur's Gate. And I'm itching for an RPG with turn-based combat and real consequences to your decisions. So, hey. In for $15. Definitely. BTW, just in case this project goes really well and you decide to do another one in the future. I'll gladly donate $100 toward Descent 4. @Aaron Umberson @Ozymandias How about we all just up our pledge by a buck? I mean everybody? Couldn't hurt right? God! If I only had $5,000 bucks lying around. I did't play the first Wasteland. Hell, i wasn't even born in 1988, but i'm backing up this project hoping to show the publishers that we gamers are fed up with all the COD clones and iphone BS and want a REAL videogame. Unfortunately, I never played the original Wasteland but I'm still supporting this one ! Pledged 15. Wanted the big box, but it's a shame about the 15 for international shipping though. Also congrats on 200K! I like how average backer of this project has pledger approx. 57$. It really shows how much people want to see this game happen. @Aaron umberson $102, now what, punk? Pledged $101.00 take THAT, $100.00 cheapskates! Super Awesome, looking forward to this! Mm.. Got to dig out my old copy and play it again. O..O Backed!!!! Can't wait for this! $100 + the 15 for shipping, let 'er rip Brian! Go! Go! GO! =D Felicia Day is jumping on my bandwagon once again..... Yea! Breaking 200K any minute... $100 + $15 extra for international shipping to russia! ) I believe in your team, Brian! Nowadays it's really not a problem to get a credit card, "even" in Germany. Just stop clinging to old habits and order one, e.g. on amazon ;) Pledged my 100$, I loved Wasteland and definitely want to see the sequel! shit, i forgot to eat. Linux support please. Sprung for the box, so here's hoping it will run on a Mac Yes, unfortunately Kickstarter itself does not support PayPal. As SXX pre-paid is the way to go. Try www.rushcard.com or <url>"Wasteland" was one of the games I first played way back in the day, on my Apple IIe. The idea that the original team could come together after 24 years to make a sequel - words cannot express my excitement. I sure hope this comes to fruition. Hey, you scumbags. 1x Wasteland 2 appears at 10'. Been waiting 24 years for this thing, I shiver with anticipation. Thanks for giving this franchise and genre a chance! I never played Wasteland but I heard good things. However, Fallout 1 and 2 (and Battle Chess) brought me many joys! Pledging 50 bones but I'm thinking of upgrading to 100. All depends on this cruise that I'm taking at the end of this month and if I'll come out richer or poorer. Conversation with a friend right after Adventure hit $1.5 mil "Damn this is nuts" "Yup, but what I'd really throw my money at is if one of the old RPG legends from Black Isle or Interplay made a Kickstarter. Then I'd give them ALL OF MY MONEY." "Well, yeah-" "ALL OF IT" And now this exists and Brian has ALL OF MY MONEY. Good luck guys. I need this game. I still have the box from the 1st on played on my c-64. please please please let it be not just your another generic post-ap art style! we have fallout 1 and 2 after all, let it be much more like those games than some bethesda crap style. My kids can eat ramen for a week. Funded! put promo vid on youtube. I am in Europe and I got transfer to vid like 6 kb/s, it will take for me like 40 minutes to watch it ofc I already paid for my wasteland copy thank Fargo and Inexile Team! Oh, heck yes. 20+ years later and I'm still excited about a Wasteland sequel. Backed so hard my keyboard burst into flames. I could start getting use to kickstarter if only my wallet didn mind lol :P Will probably throw more after this at the 1st in next month :D This definitely sounds like it has promise. Like how alot of time was spend about it in text but also the video. Hopefully this spreads out and the game will get funded. Oh my god, never has spending 1000$ ever been so tempting. Why am I still a student?! Please consider making a linux version! i will up my pledge if you do so :) (should be trivial once you have a macosx version) I've never played Wasteland. I was 8 the game came out :). But this is the opportunity do bring back a great game. Notch just tweeted it, here comes a HUGE leap. Really excited, I'll pledge $30 For now ... I may get it up to $100 as I am a big fan of Fallout 1 & 2 BUT I really want to play it on my Mac (as I did for Fallout 1 back in the days !) $1.5M is reachable, but is it really necessary to have an extra $600,000 to secure an OS X port ? ;) Looks like this is right on track to get funded :) Good luck! And I know it's too late, but... crowdsourcing your design? Hmm! Good luck again! :-D This feels almost surreal, here I thought the gaming industry was bloom and brown shooters now. This is a brilliant way of reaching out to the fans and giving them a game they finally want. You have my money Mr. Fargo. Thank you for letting me put my money where my mouth is. Here's hoping you can prove Double Fine wasn't a fluke and hardcore gamers can once again get the games they want to play, rather than the games big publishers want to cash in on. Tell everyone you know! Just Back this game for $100. I love how developers are reaching out to the fans this way. It may be paving the way for the future. Lets give the publishers a scare! every dollar counts Really excited for this, Big fan of Fallout 1&2, and would love to see this made. Text your friends. Post on Facebook. Tweet. Do what you have to. Support developers who care! Very excited about seeing a new, real CRPG! Spread the word folks! Good luck, you guys. This easily holds more promise to me than your typical $60 release, and an extra $15 to ensure it comes out is an easy justification for the $75 tier. Gave $50. Posted to face book. Fargo has made almost ALL of my favorite games ever. This should be AWSOME. Mr Fargo, I'm going to pledge 100$ which is almost 1/3 of my monthly income here. I believe in you and the idea you are trying to accomplish. Please make it happen and make an awesome game :) And show those publishing hypocrites what we REALLY want to play. :) Good luck! Gave you guys 30. And you will get another 30 without any reward. Digital version is fine by me, and I`d rather give money directly to you then spend 15 on delivery, especially with music by Mark Morgan an art book (also digital) included. Regards and best wishes from Croatia. Hmm, look at the $1000 reward: "BECOME AN NPC, WEAPON, OR LOCATION in the Wasteland 2 world!". There's 100 of those. The $2500 reward includes the previous one, so there's another 100. So does the $5000 reward (10 of those) and the $10000 reward (8 of those. Total: 218. Man, that's a lot of NPCs! (or weapons, or locations)... In for 100. Fallouts 1 and 2 are my favorite games ever, and I know this team will deliver something spectacular. Let's get it to 1.5 million and get the Mac Port going. Did't play original Wasteland but Fallout 2 is the best RPG ever made. Donated 15$. Hope it'll help. @Mykhailo Mykhno, that was a joke. i should have put a smiley there *sigh* They send packages worldwide. You just need to add another 15$ for international shipping. :) GO GO GO, Gave 30 dolares, but i will change to 50 if they send all the package to Brazil!! Getting the box! I hope this'll succeed, as I'd pay this money gladly just for the soundtrack, let alone the game! In for 50. I would love to go for 100, but money's pretty tight right now. I'll pass this along to my dad and brother. I'm pretty sure they'll be up for it, my dad especially. In for $15 but I would be happy to raise to the next tier for a Mac port. Ever since Fallout 1/2, Arcanum, Baldurs Gate 2 etc..there's been nothing else like those, I can not wait! Down with the pretty graphics dumb masses games! :p Push it to the limit in for 250. I loved Fallout 1 & 2 and am trying to find the original wasteland to get the backstory of the game. Good luck, hope this gets funded. I fondly remember playing the original. I also remember getting stuck reasonably early and not being able to progress, probably because I was too young and poor at English. Looking forward to this (and also hoping that the original makes it's way to GOG.com, or Steam for that matter). I wholeheartedly agree, if there's a way to make the original available through GOG, that would be great. So do the fifty and seventy-five dollar rewards not come with a digital copy of the game? The original definitely deserves to be on GOG.com. Someone just pledged 5k! I salute you, whoever you are. I'm really excited about this project, not just for the opportunity to finally see Wasteland 2 become a reality, but also because we have the opportunity, hot in the heels of Double Fine's amazingly successful Kickstarter project, to send a second, hopefully equally loud and clear message that this genre is anything but "a thing of the past". Pledged $15. Best of luck to InXile The original game should be re-released on GOG.com! A free copy could then be offered to all backers as a further incentive. Sweet Jebus I want Does $50 boxed version also include Steam copy of the game? my body is ready. 65 pledged. Sucks that 23% of my money goes to shipping, but I'll just have to accept that. I want my glorious boxed copy! I wish you the best of luck! NO!!! IT'S SLOWING DOWN!!! @Jari I'm sure 900 000$ won't be a problem! They have already gathered 117 000 in 4 HOURS! ;) Never played Wasteland, but I loved Fallout 1 and Fallout 2 enough to throw my money into the pot. Make it a good one guys! $900k is rather ambitious, but it would be interesting to see this happen. here's hoping. Best of luck, Brian. The world's greatest purple gaming forum salutes you! It's a no brainer - A team of highly skilled people with Brian Fargo being the guy behind so many PC classics and a tactical turn based RPG? TAKE MY MONEY!!! This genre should have never died. Hopefully this project is a massive success. What about translations? I'm really, really excited about this project -- the people involved are amazing, and I can't wait to see what they cook up. Let's do this, everyone! Please add a Linux verison If you make a Linux version I will tripple my pledge. This user's account has been deleted. infestor, put shafer to shame?) i think this is not some kind of competition) I hope that the enthusiasm for crowd funding will not be diluted too much and 1.5 million $ (or more) can be reached. Fingers crossed. In for $250!!! Wasteland was -by far- my favorite PC game as a kid! Looks like this game is finally going to happen! Have any of the devs been online? 3 hours to break $100k, should be wrapped up in another 24 hours ;) So far so good. Let's keep this rate up and get this game made! Let's make it happen. I love all 1770 others of you who have pledged so far. Wasteland was THE game that got me fully vested in PC gaming. Please take a large chunk of my paycheck in the hopes that this game comes to fruition. Good luck. We're all counting on you. I have 15$, but might upgrade later. I haven't played the original Wasteland, but any game that is like the original Fallouts makes me very interested indeed. 100 from me + 15 for international shipping. Didnt play the original but Fallout 1 and 2 are some of the best RPGs Ive played. Must say this looks very promising! I F5ed the page and the pledged amount went up like 5000 bucks! This will hopfully be the best game in a loooong time. wish u best luck ... While the DoubleFine Adventure thing was cute... this, *THIS* project has me so excited I can barely contain it. After the downward slide into sludge that the Fallout series took, the fact that this will be turned based, tactical, and not be a first person shooter sounds AWESOME. In for $100 without a moment's hesitation.. I gave $15. If it gets confirmed that the $75 boxed version will also give me a Steam code, I'll upgrade to that. I think this went live around 845am ET Mar 13 Is there a way to tell when a project went live? $100k in a few hours? Wow. Only really had the money to pledge $15 (unfortunately), but here's to hoping this really takes off i hope we will get close to 2 or 3 mil $.... would be a great message to the indie community to know that they can get support if they want to make great games which are art in core and to express themselves the way they want Good luck! This needs to happen! .. and busted through 100K, how long did that take? Good Luck! On the brink of 100K i don't wanna talk big but "let's put schafer to shame!"...oh yeah I never really did get to play actual game, but Fallour 1&2 were a huge impact in my childhood and really did shock my world from the early FPS-games. Plus that video really warmed my cold nordic heart. You just earned +$1000. HEY BRIAN ALL THE BEST! HOPE THIS TAKES OFF!!! Ah, yes. "SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY." This may become the only game which comes into question to knock off Fallout 2 from #1 of my fav/best games I have ever played Awesome stuff. Everyone make sure you're spreading the word! ++ for a free gog version of wasteland 1 for backers > 30 10% done $500,000 by the end of the day, ~1 million by tomorrow Just pledged 100$ and never before I gave so much for a game. Good part is that I feel I'm making a good investment! Sadly, never played the original. But Oldschool top-down turn-based sandboxy party-based RPG? Count me in! PC Master Greece supports old-school games! This is the day that we take back RPGs people, get ot it! ++ for a free gog version of wasteland 1 for backers > 30 "Brian Fargo presents..." Shut up and take my money! Pledged $50 Signed up for Kickstarter just to fund this! I remember the old game and loved the old school interplay games...really looking forward to this. Might have to see what other indie projects are out there, this could be the best thing to happen to gaming in years! @klayham, @salla: Not sure if that was there when I made my pledge yet, but added 15 usd. :) Just need to hope to get that lottery jackpot in the next 30 days so can get the $500 pledge if any left. I nearly cried when I saw this, the first RPG I completed, over 20 years ago, $50 pledged, lets get this ball rolling! Just pledged $15 Oh how I hope RPGs are not dead yet!.. I'm so excited... seriously. I loved the original, I've wanted more ever since. It's nice to feel involved with this, even if I'm just deluding myself. :) Looking forward to updates from *ALL* the team members! I've been waiting >YEARS< for this to happen. I'm so happy I could shit. That's pretty damn happy. 10% of the way there already..been live for less than a day! Nice. Good luck guys. I know you are going to reach your goal. The good luck part, is for making a great game. @Teppo Read FAQ ;) Yes, you need to add 15$ to your pledge for international shipping. Add $15 for international shipment @Teppo Yes, it is written in FAQ section. You should add 15$. Judging from the amount of money they already have it is safe to say that they will definitely get their 1.5+ mil, so there will be OSX version, and the game will be as good as we all deserve. Horray for us! :) For international backers, do we need to add anything for shipping costs? game* 15$ contribution made. Any way you might consider an IOS port for this? Can't wait to see the outcome! :-) and I also hope this games get's to the linux platform. Pledged $15 for this, would go up to 30 for a mac version! AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I recall Wasteland even though I never played it (I was only 7 when it released) but with a track record like Brian Fargo's who am I to not back this? I've never played the original. I love RPGs, but I have actually never played any of Brian Fargo's games (I am aware of their reputation, and I have Fallout 1 and 2 from GOG but haven't played it yet). But dang it, I've got to back this project, because I want to see this game happen! I am up to 250$. I think 100$ is the sweet spot, but .... I would personally go to 1k but my wife..... I would so much like to have me as a NPC in game.... Would be so cool to have me give you a quest that would lead you to your DOOM muahahhahahah /sigh wishful thinking Looking forward for this :) And i would also love a Linux version! Again I've fallen to pledge money. Damn you crafty game designers. One of the best Kickstarter videos I've ever seen. Consider yourself pledged, good sirs! Hope this gets made! Pledging rate is looking good so far. It'll definitely get faster once this gets some press. Never played Wasteland, but I'm a heavy fan of Fallout, so get my money and let's go! 1000 backers don. 79000 more to come! Good luck. I am sure this kickstarter will attract more than the required support. Wish you good luck, guys! Russian Fallout community is with you! Did not play the original Wasteland but I love the concept and hope the goal is met pretty quickly. Hope more games are kickstarter-funded like this. Pledged. I just hope they manage to do it the right way. Ok, I am in. I never played Wasteland but I am a huge fan of Interplay. It's gonna be good ! I'm sure they will make linux version as well if they get enough backers (=money) here :) I love these kickstarter games. There's so much more passion. I'm psyched for Wasteland 2! I had to pledge at least enough for the beta -- can't wait to see it even in the early stages! Any chance t-shirts will get added to one of the pledge tiers? $265 later and I'm officially spending the largest amount I ever have on a game and getting ready to be killed by my partner. @Nick Veneris Great Idea for GoG. I was about to suggest here that maybe a certain backer reward tier could include the original, as for some of us it was a bit before our time ;) It would be great if we could get wasteland 1 game for backing up this project to play it before it comes out :) Please release on linux too! If you're doing a OSX version as well it should be a snap. I loved Wasteland as a kid. Pledged some cash for a sequel. Here's hoping it happens! Please just take my money. $ 100 for another excellent gaming initiative. i think the forum died (temporarily) Can we get GOG.com to re-issue the first Wasteland? I loved Wasteland when I was a kid, one of my first games. I hope this gets made. i will raise my pledge from 15$ if there is a mac version. Ha, I recognise Mark Morgan in the background music of the Kickstarter video! :D take my soul and firstborn but please make a LINUX release. Excited to see what comes out of this project. This user's account has been deleted. Happy to see this. 550 backers and yet no presence on reddit. Good luck with Wasteland 2! I was addicted to Wastland on the C64... Can't wait to play Wastland 2!! Thanks for doing this guys, love the initiative and I'll spread the word! Cant wait to see this project come to life, best $250 i've ever spent I hope you get enough funding for some quality voice acting Can't wait! Really looking forwards to this :-) All the best to you inXile, I hope you have the same success, if not better as Double Fine Just pledged, I hope this works Just pledged for $65!! I never played Wasteland, but I played Fallout and Fallout 2 - and I LOVED it, my most favorite games of all times!! Pleeeeease make it in the spirit of Fallout! Mother of God!!!! Tim comes back with Psychonauts 2, and now Brian is coming with Wasteland 2! Yes yes yes!!! Even if we can only do $15 we still get a Steam copy? I am looking at the tiers and it says Digital Downloable copy of game DRM free for PC for the first three tiers until $75 bucks. I want the game on steam, not DRM free. Rangers range. Desert rangers... This will be funded within 24h, I predict. Let's go classic RPG action!!!! Glad to have the opportunity to put my money where my mouth has been. Err..you know what I mean. Lots of luck and I look forward to seeing how this works out. My favorite game of all time. I still have my cherished copy of the survival guide. The narrative in that game guide was unforgettable. Good luck on this! International shipping is 15$. See on the main project page FAQ. Good luck! I grew up reading about these old school games (no PC)... now is time to PLAY :-D Let's help those awesome people bring out precious favorite game genre back. Go Brian and the Team! We trust you :) Party, turn-based combat, RPG... I am in :) Paid 15$. This is my first contribution to a kickstarter ever. Will spread the word to some of my friends. Rightio! I'll start at $500, but there is more where that came from. Welcome to Kickstarter Brian! We'll make this happen. :-D Also as some have already mentioned, what would be the cost for shipping and how much should i add for that? Still have my boxed copy and guide that I bought new at Babbage's back in 1988. Looking forward to it finally getting a sibling to sit next to it on the shelf. i don't think it need's any more founding man :) Also can't wait for wasteland 2. good luck with the project Hey guys, I know it's bad to spam these things, but please check out this other Kickstarter project that needs your funding... <url>