@Alex- Thanks! We've now officially released for every major platform and console! Any backers free to email me at david [at] nightlightint [dot] com and I can send you a code for your preferred console of choice. @lartomar2002- It's a far ways off, but we certainly hope to port to OUYA. We've been keeping in close contact with OUYA! :) @Dylan- I am going to private message you with your Humble Bundle key. @Omar- we just put the contents of the Deluxe Edition available on our page! <url>"Rudolf Flagg" is the name you want on the website (and it is on the list). Backers- please check your survey responses because we exported the list of names directly from Kickstarter! :) Hey Omar, currently no plans for either, but I do own a Wii U and would love to see the game come to that console! @Raphael - The survey helps us understand what the platform of choice is for our backers. It also helps us see how many keys we need to purchase for each platform. I would love to have all versions available to all backers, but I don't want to promise anything without knowing the overall cost. The reward description states OUYA, PC, Mac OR Linux, not all of them. If the platform I release on doesn't charge for keys, or for multiple platforms, then I will make multiple platforms available to backers. @Serena - I really appreciate all your support and I am glad you like all the content so much :) @Lucas - Yes we will be launching a PayPal after the campaign ends. @Syazwan Chan - Yes, I would like to bring it to GoG. It is one of the top places I would like to submit the game. @Everyone - Thank you so much for all the comments and support :) 46 hours to go! @govon - Yes it will be DRM free, but will also be available on platforms such as Steam. @Anaxphone - I hope Back to Bed makes it as well. It is a beautiful game. Thanks everyone for your kind words! We appreciate all the support! @TheChosenOne - Not at this point, but we are considering selling individual items after Kickstarter ends on our website. Some items will be Kickstarter exclusive though. @Lucas It's her father's jacket. So I guess...ask your dad? ;) @Alyssa- Yes, we intend to have Paypal available after Kickstarter is over. We will be selling some of the merchandise from the Kickstarter on our website, so you can purchase additional copies of the game, plushies, etc. Some swag will be Kickstarter exclusive though. We would love to include signed artwork! @Bucen- 1. Yes that is a known error and something we will be fixing. 2. Yes, we will be including a ton of sprite animation for Elena. We have a fantastic animation team that has been unable to get their hands fully into the project, but we will be smoothing out animation, adding tons more animations, etc. We are planning on having ghosts appear as "wisps" like you suggested (magic candle light). Then when you interact with them they will turn into their regular form. If you watch the newest teaser video there is much more detail added like cracks, spiderwebs, etc. You don't have to worry about the art an animation, that's our specialty! 3. Yes of course! We have a very deep and immersive narrative planned. This was just a gameplay demo created in 10 days for the OUYA Create Game Jam. It does not reflect the main game's final look, gameplay, etc. 4. Music will loop properly in the final game. Thanks for your thoughts and questions! I will add a few of these to the FAQ! Great ideas Alyssa! A map will definitely be included. We would likely be posting facts about the different characters and locations at the bottom of the pages. Great idea about signing the art books. We will do that. I'll make an official announcement soon when I talk more about what will be inside. Thanks everyone for your comments and feedback! Lucas- we have considered the ability of possession and although is it not currently planned to be implemented, we would like to play with the idea more in the future. Alyssa- the hard cover art book is going to be beautiful! I think you will be very satisfied. What kinds of things would you like to see in it? Currently we are planning on implementing concept art, promotional material, in game art, and biographies on characters and locations! Congrats upon your arrival on Wii U, that's super-cool! Now, is there any chance that us backers who are Nintendo fans will get an eShop download code, pretty-please? ;-) Will "Nomad" be ported to Ouya? I am...a bit lost. I don't know how to claim my game. How do you know what my Humble account is? I was never asked...and there is no game in my Humble library. I saw that there is a delixe Edition on steam, but is it possible to sell the contents of the Deluxe Edition as DLC? As I would like to buy the art book/OST, but I don't want to rebuy the game. Sorry - update #75. This is from David Logan in Update #5 - "There will be a Steam key added to each of your Humble Store pages on July 9th." Because of timezones, it may be a little early yet. Steam provides keys free to their devs; all the devs have to do is ask for them. With that said, is it correct to assume you'll be providing Steam keys to backers who want them? Full Steam ahead! Geddit? :) Hi, I liked very much the first chapters so far, the mood and the pacing are nice. I however have a wishlist for the final release : - 64bit binary has disapeared in the june 17th release while it was in the may 13th's. (Linux version I've not been through others) 64bit is now quite wide spread amongst linux users and 32bit compatibility is quite a hassle - if 64bit version is discarded, the edition of linux packages is even more required. As it may automagically install only the required 32bit libraries. deb and rpm would be nice - the designs are sleak, and it's quite a shame that they are spoiled by the tearing. While I have vertical sync activated in the nvidia settings, it seems it's disabled in the game. Maybe adding an option for this in the menu. - the cursor should vanish as it's useless in the game. I really liked Whispering Willows so far. But if I may would like to suggest a little story change. (I will try to keep this "spoiler-less", but I hope you still understand, what I mean): Not being able to enter the mansion seems to feel wrong, because at this point the player can not know that the mansion would not help on his actual task in finding flying hawk. Why not lock the door and have flying hawks body have a key for that? When will we be getting our Ouya redeeming codes? Hello @David Logan - So what's the big news? April has come and gone with May half-way though, is there any news from you? I still have questions about controller support/Framefate, but I can't get them until the game is in our hands. Now that it will come out on steam with the soundtrack/artbook be available as DLC? This is truly off-topic, but are there any plans to make a fully 3D Whispering Willows? Any update on a release date for the OUYA or at least a "hi we're still alive and working on it" posting? Where is the update on a release date? Congratulations on winning first place at the Seattle Indie Game Competition. Way to go. Wish you much success in the future. @David Logan - Thanks for the reply, and that is great to hear. As I think ~60 FPS makes game look smooth and better in the long run. @David - nice progress with the game. Will there be v-sync (for a target of 30 or 60 fps) option for the game at it's final state? So I'm going to ask again, with the game coming on the OUYA (as the main version), will the PC version have controller support? When is Chapter 1 coming out? Hi. I noticed that this game has not been Greenlit yet, and the release of the first episode is coming soon. Is there a cause for concern here? I'm planning to redeem it on GOG.com, but it would be bad if the backers who chose to redeem it on Steam cannot do so. Hey there I do not see a Unity web player for Linux. Hey there what about a Linux demo I have not seen anything yet? I appear to have missed responding to the survey by mistake. Is there anything I can do? Am I doomed? It's July so that means it will be released around the corner? Any estimate when the game will be ready for the Ouya? Any info on the game? Anything new added, maybe full control support if greenlit by steam? Maybe how high is the game on the greenlight list? No name on the website.. hmm :/ @ Mr. Logan: Thanks for the reply. I'm looking forward to the game on the PC and have a good day. If this game becomes successful is there any chance of a 3D model remake for the PC? Will this game be port to the Wii U? Congrats on getting the bundle-in-a-box Indie Dev Grant! Same as Jeroen. Also, it's not quite clear to me why we'll have to decide for one platform. Other campaigns have been using humblebundle.com to deliver, offering all platforms. I'm looking at the survey and as the Ouya isn't out yet, I'm not sure if I should get the Ouya version or just the PC version... Congratulations! isitdoneyetisitdoneyetisitdoneyetisitdoneyetisitdoneyetisitdoneyet? UK here as well congratulations! This is good to wake up to! (UK). Gratz, everyone. :) Thank you so much everyone!!! :) This is really awesome. Congratulations! :D I volunteer to be the spirit avatar mother of Elena who has something to do with the disappearance of her father. A hearty conglaturations! (That Ghostbusters on NES joke will *never* get old.) Yes! Now here's to a successful PayPal followthrough! Congratz on making funding! 69 minutes to go! Larry salute! But of course. @Anaxphone: But of course. You got me to pledge to this, after all. ;) Welcome to the SE tier, Serena. It does have nice music, doesn't it? Not a bad choice for CoC at all. *goes and looks* Dammit. I'm sure I can count on you to remind me of this project further down the line, can't I? I just heard the sample music on the home page and I just had to jump up to $25 for the soundtrack. That will go great with my next Cthulhu RPG campaign...Acthung! Cthulhu, a Lovecraft PnP set during World War II...going on now as a Kickstarter (just click on my avatar and check it out if interested). --End shameless KS plug-- 69 comments and 96 at the end of the funding amount. Larry salutes you! Have you considered continuing a PayPal campaign after the Kickstarter ends? @David Logan: Congratulations on being funded and reaching the first stretch goal! Yay, you guys hit the 20k mark! Congrats! @Serena, that's hardly a sentiment I can object to. And again, my apology for tossing interesting projects in your way repeatedly. @Anaxphone: I might have to drop my pledge (or even pull out entirely) on Torment, but I'd rather my money go towards the smaller devs. @S.D. Hahahah! @Serena, Sorry, but so many good projects I can't help talking about. I can't believe that I'm backing yet another Kickstarter, but I'm in for just a little bit. Agustin, Anaxphone, and a couple shout-outs from other projects got me to check it out, but the demo sold me. And, for those who care, this is my 69th project. LARRY SALUTE! Glad to see the game is having a good final push. It will be nice to see solid indie games like this on the OUYA @Anaxphone: Cool! I nearly understood what you wrote. I recommend t-shirt 1: red; 2: navy blue with Elena in light blue; 3: in yellow and 4: should stay black :D Yes. I commented on them answering my question with that update in the comments on the update. ;) @Anaxaphone - the info is in the update: " If we hit the goal I will be sending out surveys so you can vote on the language you want to see the game translated for most. " @David Logan- Back to Bed just hit its basic goals and is less than $1000 from porting to Linux, Ouya, and Android. Now will there be a poll to backers after this closes for the languages or did I miss the poll for it? We're only $404 from the first stretch goal! Nice, S.D. Thanks, Arrowstorm! And the translation goal seems quite reachable, Russel, so on to getting the Android one! ;) Best of luck with your translation stretch-goal. :) Hey, all - the folks at Arrowstorm Entertainment posted a nice update, a couple of hours ago, to help out this project (my wife, the Lurker backed their project). Check it out here: <url>~mya And you guys are funded already! Awesome. Now here's hoping Back to Bed does as well so that I can be swamped with surreal, beautiful games to play. Dammit, Bedtime Games! You just had to make me look over here, didn't you? Congratulations on the 15K! Will Whispering Willows be drm-free? Congrats! yey! Hope you guys make it. Less than $1000 to go! Just pledged. This game reminds me of Another Code: Two Memories by Cing. I hope it'll have the same kind of mysterious, creepy feel but not be too scary. !eeep your getting close! Almost there! Keep pushing! Backing for Linux & OUYA support, and for the unique art style. Good luck, Night Light! Whoo hoo! Less than $2300 to go until we're funded! :D @Leonard Challis lol no worries, this game could do with a lil more love :D @Lim Hoe Kit thanks for posting about this in the Dreamfall KS :) Hi guys :) looks like a pretty game, love the concept. Glad to be here! Found Whispering Willows on kickstarter just recently, this looks great! Upped pledge, good luck! ~mya Good luck you guys! Hope this little bit helps! Any chance the book can be created as an addon? I'd rather not go from 25 to 100(+). This looks fantastic! I hope you'll meet your goal. I'm really looking forward to the day this game is finished!! I seriously can't wait. My dad is in prison. So no, I don't think that'll work. :( Dude, I want her jacket. :3 Oh my gosh, please ignore all the grammatical mistakes in that last comment and wrong punctuation! I just woke up and I didn't reread to catch my phones "spellchecked" words. XD Hey Bucen! I see you got my advertisement of this game? Haha I know the creators of Cryamore don't mind advertising of other games, so that's why I did it. I'm glad it caught your attention! While I don't know all of the answers to your questions, I do know that the animation will be improved and is temporary. In the new teaser trailer updates comments David addresses this to another backer stating it was temporary and they have very talented animation artists who have worked for Disney and Nickelodeon! Hope that eases your concern to one of your questions! :) So, just a few questions and remarks. 1. I just killed the demo XD While in ghost form I pressed repeatedly left rigth left right and the ghost froze, everything else was still working. Oh wait, it also happens in Elena mode. 2. Will we get more sprites of Elena? the ladder flowing down and the (missing english word here) desk(?) she was moving were kind of awkward and rather of putting, so an animation that she is doing something would be nice. Otherwise it would remind me of bad flash-based adventure/puzzle games, and this is quite annoying. Also it would be nice (and it is probably planned) that Elene also is animated when creating the projection, and an end animation when the projection disappears. And already present ghost shouldn't just be there if you turn on ghost mode, maybe use the same effect as used when ghost elena turns into magic candle light? Also a bit more decoration inside the rooms would be nice, they feel a bit... well... empty. It's a ghost masion, so there should be spider webs, dust and so on. Also why are the ghosts more extreme outlined than ghost elena? Shouldn't it be all the same style? 3. Will it be explained WHY she can use Astral Projection? She 'just happens to have' Astral Projection because it runs in the family would be a bit of bad story telling, especially if your goal is an engaging story. But let me guess. It is part of the story and the player has to find it out by himself? 4. Music is awesome. Really fitting the theme. It just doesn't loop well, but probably all things you guys are working on. Here you go, also I raised my pledge, looks fascinating, could all just be a tad more 'fluent' to be even more engaging so, I just pledged 10 bucks, as I have seen it advertised on another project (is this even allowed ;) ), anyway, I have yet to see the video and read all the details, but just skimming through the home page (looking at the pictures) I had to atleast put 10$ on it. As I am on a worktrip and won't be home till the 13th, I don't want to completely forget this project. So when I have a bit more time later, I will pledge the 'appropriate' amount ;) That's great David, I cannot wait to see what it looks like! I know it shall be fantastic! I also have a few questions if you don't mind me asking. Will you launch a PayPal support as well? I know several campaigns who have done this, some before and some after the kickstarter ended to give an extra boost for those who don't have credit cards or amazon. How do you feel about having add-ons to your kickstarter? For example, if someone wanted another T-shirt they add X amount of dollars to their current pledge, or even a second copy of the game one for Ouya and one for PC. You could also make original artwork or prints (signed or unsigned) add-ons as well. These are just suggestions because I've seen a few kickstarters rack up a fair amount with these add-ons from even current backers. @David - I would love to see all of what you stated! Would you consider perhaps having a map or layout of the mansion? I think that would be a neat little addition. Also how about little tips on the bottom of some pages or something? Not like major spoilers or anything just little tips or tidbits of the Willows mansion. Also I wouldn't mind seeing it autographed by the team! ;) Yep, no ands ifs or buts about it...I needed to upgrade to that artbook! I had no choice in the matter. Man oh man does my credit card hate me lately! I hope this gets funded! Looks amazing! Definitely looks like it's going to be neat. I only wish the main character had the ability to possess other people and objects, but I guess that's not what this game is all about. Can't wait to see the final product! Watching the Alive and Kicking Livestream now! Looks great! love the idea of these little story vignettes attached to the detective gameplay Looks like a neat game, guy! Best of luck to you! Looks like a really cute concept, good luck!