Hi Jerry, Please follow the directions posted on the latest update to receive a refund for your Kickstarter Pledge. Folks: We are still waiting on some regulatory approval to ship units already manufactured out of China. We appreciate everyone's continued patience. These will ship to US backers first, since other regulatory is approved. @Howard H. We will reiterate what we said a few times on here... We have WigWag Relays (beta versions) which are just as good as the Foxconn ones. If you want one and don't want to wait for the production run to arrive, then email support [at] wigwag.com and we will send you one. We can only ship to the US, and we need your shipping address. No Sensor Blocks have shipped. They are not in production yet, only Relays. @David - The Relays we have here (at our office) will not be able to shipped international. Sorry. I hate to sound like this, but honestly we are so utterly frustrated and unimpressed with the team we have been stuck with, we are not sure what to predict anymore. I suspect 30-60 days. It's like working with children. I wish we could go into the details of this whole fiasco, our relationship / investment with them, etc. But we can't. At least not now. That being said - we have about 50 Relays here still, and if you are in the US, we are happy to ship. Folks - we are waiting on a shipment from our manufacturer for the majority of WigWag Relays for all backers. Unfortunately, our manufacture has made an error, and will need to fix something on the primary circuit board before we get these delivered. That being said... We still have plenty of WigWag Relays - betas - available. We are happy to ship these to anyone in the *US* (country restriction due to the certifications on these). Email <email> if you want one of these. We aren't going to ship these to _all_ backers, because we don't have enough! @Michael Have you emailed support yet??? I say again: we will ship you a Relay now! @Gene Insulting and attacking other members of talk.wigwag.com is not tolerated and violates our terms of service for the forum. Also, to reiterate what we have already said many times in the forum and here on this comment feed, we plan to ship to Australian backers. However, the shipments will happen after the US shipments. We will allow you to post on the forum in the next few days. Nope @Funkyp, please disregard the mis-information out there. We will ship to all backers. However, we are shipping to US backers first since that product is ready to go. Anyone attempting to pair Sylvania / Osram Lightify bulbs, please see this tech note: <url>"WigWag" it comes up on the top of the search under our business listing. You (as well as any other backer who wishes to do so) are welcome to come by to visit our office to meet some of our team and see our devices in person. Please PM us if you wish to do so. I will also PM you later to explain what the current blocker is from shipping your first shipment of your reward and what to do to receive it when we ship out the next batch to US based backers. It is different for different regions of the world. The current priorities are CE and C-Tick. Andrew Drummond, not meant to be a "big tease". Many of the backers that were sent that email and responded have already been shipped to. We will work on getting yours out the door (if it isn't already) very soon. @Tristan, Thank you for pointing this out to us. You should not be able to buy any WigWag Devices on Amazon and ship them to the UK at this time. Also the Relay is not CE certified and we are working on our certification. Currently, every USA based backer who filled out the survey should have received a confirmation email to receive their Relay as a split shipment. If you are based in the US and have not received an email I encourage you to email us at <email> @Dovetail For your questions #'s 2 &3 please go to this KS Update as it contains a shipping schedule: <url>#1: From the exact post the link went to "We are going to split shipments for the February batch as it is very logical to do so. Since the next 50 Relays to ship out will not include other KS rewards it is only natural we will provide a split shipment. Later on, when we start shipping Sensors (April/May) it makes sense that we ship to early backers who pledged for Sensors over splitting shipments to a backer who pledged for Glowlines without Sensors. I hope this helps clear up this topic." This is a comment feed and as such offers little utility beyond a real time discussion of whatever topic comes up. It also has no ability to be searched past the first 15-20 comments making it a horrible tool for FAQ. For anything that is a personal question regarding your reward please email <email> For anything you believe should be part of our FAQ please either visit wigwag.com or talk.wigwag.com. @Andrew <url>—and we will start posting mini updates here in order to ensure everyone stays up to date on what’s going on at WigWag. As we announced on Talk, WigWag is currently in Full Beta, and you can find out more about what this means by visiting the thread on our forum here: <url>— We just want to remind you that we publish updates over on our forum, talk.wigwag.com. Back in March, we announced this change in order to make it easier to post brief, intermediate updates on WigWag’s progress as well as better engage with the WigWag community as we grow as a company (KS backers also get a special badge on the forum!). Since these mini updates tend to build toward the full KS updates, being active on the forum actually gives you the opportunity to get these updates faster. It sounds like a lot of you may still be missing part of the action! We want to keep everyone up to speed, so come on over to WigWag Talk! In addition to the 47 full updates on Kickstarter, we have posted 110 times on WigWag Talk just since January (We promise! We just counted.), and there have been 15 mini-updates, including pictures and videos of hardware and software in action! We will keep the ball moving over there and also do our best to continue to post reminders that we are communicating over at talk.wigwag.com. Come join the fun! Hey everyone! This past Friday, we posted an update on WigWag Talk about the Relay support. You can view the update here (and keep your eyes out for new updates on the forum this week): <url>"Please refer to Updates 38 and 39" @Louis Carson @Saxnix: Will answer as much as I can in comments section of Update 39. @Vijay Bah: Please so Updates 38 and 39. @John Kauffman: @Bob is correct on our reasoning for the reason for $20 time limit. @Bob Cunningham: The bulbs will return to its previous state and when it comes back online will check in to make sure it hasn't had any new commands while it was napping. Another New Update! UPDATE Just posted @saxnix Thank you and Yes. @Bob Cunningham Thanks for the feedback and suggestions, not in the bathroom, right now....please insert something else funny here ____________________. @Bob Cunningham: Thank you for the comments, I'm going to send along the feedback to the team that needs to get devicejs (which is progressing very well) and the devblog back in action. Unfortunately, those are the same programmers and engineers who we need programming and working away the most. We will try to post something soon on the Relay and Sensor block. BTW, I want to play with WigWag in my home as much as you, no only will we (you and I) be doing that this decade, but this year as well. @Phillip Scott: Kickstarter only allows us to post one survey per pledge level. If we leave out a question, we can not modify it or post another survey. We will send a survey out much closer to the shipping of the relay with this information. The 4x extension has simultaneously been in development along with all other products. We will update on all the products before we send out that survey. @Grant: Many of the features of the relay pro didn't exist pre KS funding and were requested on our forums, on KS comments and emailed to us directly. @Eric Harrison: Both the relay and relay pro are spec'd better than the original relay. We did drop one external USB port and added the functionality of 3 more internally. So instead of 3 you have the power of 5. @Charles: this is true and still is true, we also have some team members in Northern California. Chris and Khalil, we've requested photo and film footage of our tooling being cut from the facility early this week. We'll post it up once we get it. Thanks for your patience! Hi all we just issued the update! We tried to get it up on Friday but no luck. We did get insert more information about final progress on our core database. All back up. Thanks! -WigWag All: We still plan to ship... we should have more information on a firm specific delivery date soon. Also, our web site is temporarily down due to a glitch with our service provider. Backer update just posted... w/ video. Another video with the rule builder is coming. Also - we are actively seeking beta tester/developer folks for deviceJS. Send an email to support [at] wigwag.com if you want to participate! All: Yes, we will be posting a video soon with a demo of latest rule builder and some of the phone App. The WigWag team has grown slightly - and we have another key developer with us as full-time now, which will speed things up. We know some of you are very frustrated - we get that - and its pretty much a 24-7 op here as we work to deliver products. Also - anyone in the Austin area is welcome to stop by and see stuff in action as development continues. All: posted an update regarding the Relay and 6BSMD progress. @Eric Unfortunately due to a lot of laws & regulations we can not publicly comment on any ongoing work in this area. @Bob Appreciate your thoughtful comments. For all: Bear in mind that part production is still done by high quality, well established manufacturers (we don't *make* our own PCBs, plastics, etc). We have had a number of requests and comments in regards to this, so want to open this up to technical member so of the backer group: If you are proficient on the Linux command line, can write node.js code, and want to assist / contribute specific device support - send us a direct message here on KS. We are providing pre-release access to the source on a case-by-case basis. However, we do not currently have the resources available to support the entire community yet. Thanks @saxnix - we saw the update and have been in contact with them for sometime. We also plan to provide AllJoyn support - also checkout the MUSAIC music appliance on KS now - which uses AllJoyn for integration: <url>#74307. The founders would love to sit down with any backer and discuss progress. @Anders. We are working hard to prefect our devices and provide you with the best possible product. As of this time we are assuming a late February ship date. Thanks for supporting WigWag and thank you for our patience. --WigWag Support. @Anthony It's definitely a priority and we will support soon after ship date. Someone from our team will also reach out to Honeywell while at CES. Thank you for bringing this up. @Cliff @Terry .. XBee: The XBee is just an IEE 802.15.4 radio module. There are very similar products available from Murata and CEL - and most of them use Ember chipsets. Besides the antennas and pinouts, they are very similar. If you are trying to create something speaking directly to WigWag we would recommend you use one of our development boards since it will also get the scan+add and security features. @Cliff et. all - While we are expending all of our efforts building the first devices, during a moment on the couch or before we pass out, we are researching these other RF devices: We created a new thread here on Talk WigWag about this <url>~900Mhz range. Stay tuned... Just a note ... We are already in contact with Nodal Australia! - more to come... @Christina Note - we have reached out to Nodal Australia concerning the lack of a U2413 equivalent. We would recommend waiting on an answer before planning a purchase. You can assist by also sending an email to sales [at] nodal.com.au requesting a response to WigWag. @Christina Yes, WigWag will need the Insteon gateway - aka. USB Powerline Modem. In the US market this is 2413U. It will be USB into the Relay. Insteon is dual band - meaning it uses both power line and wireless to talk to Insteon devices. @Familia LimitlessLED is a go for compatibility. @Eric We are working on it... I know we keep saying this - but it's a pretty complex task. If you want something similar to X10 (in terms of product line, and having power line based comm) then I would go with Insteon - which we will support. All: Expect an update in the next day or two. We are working on bringing the final survey online, a forum engine, and our corp blog (which has a good article of WiFi bulbs already) @Greg Our plan is to do at least a weekly update. We also don't want to annoy backers (we have had complaints already) - so there is a balance here. Also, we will be posting updates on our corporate blog and in the comments here. Also, expect us to have an update survey & an pre-order add-on form (backer only) up soon. @William We will definitely look into them... very cool they are running Contiki / 6loWPAN. It would be ~relatively~ low hanging fruit to add support if they are truly 6loWPAN compliant. Right now we have to prioritize interop / DeviceJS development based on demand and needs from all backers. @Greg We are working on a list like this. It's happening... there is a revamp of the wigwag.com web site going on which will have deeper information like this. @Mark Thanks for the comments, appreciate it! @Greg They are generally the same strips, but run by us what you get to just make sure. @Nick 1) 6loWPAN (which rides on 802.15.4 - has nothing to do with WiFi) 2) Vulnerabilities: Like most projects, if we know about them - we fix them before revealing them ;) We did a large comment on security related info in early Aug (you can't miss it - it's huge), and we will do a blog post or update on this in the future as well. 3) Potentially. We are using 6loWPAN protocol, which other devices use: <url># @Greg ok, I see... Yes, the second link should work. That's a 12V RGB 4-conductor strip. Same as the Glowline. That would do it. You will need to solder pins to plug into that, or use a new strip. @Greg You should just be able to bend the light strips at 90 degrees... That connector would not work - You need 4 conductors to start with... Maybe we don't understand the application exactly. @Clint Yes, we are working on this list... It will be a living document when it's produced, updated with new devices over time. Also, Backers *will* be able to buy the dongles at the current KS pricing as per our communication, if you discover you need these. To be clear, the bulbs in the demo video were mostly Philips Hue bulbs, but we will be working with many others. Contact us direct (contact me) if you would like to discuss your setup. To our backers from all over the world: THANK YOU!!!! THANK YOU! THANK YOU! THANK YOU! THANK YOU! We will now be working crazy hard over the next 3 months - it's just begun for us and we look forward to the continued participation and feedback from all of you! Sincerely, The WigWag Team! @Mark The DevKit includes three boards. Each of these boards includes a detachable wireless module (so 3 wireless modules). To program that module - you use the Experimenter board, which can also be used to develop a device. This means the DevKit comes with 3 boards (and 3 unique ID QR/NFC tags, + a Sensor Block, and Relay) Glowlines: We will offer Glowline controllers without a strip at some point in the future. @Lou Going beyond 5m is possible, but the issue has to do with the amount of eat on the wire, which means the wire must be bigger to comply with UL standards. DC is a poor choice at long distance, where it would be better to use AC. AC strips are something we are looking at further out. The trick, is doing AC multicolor, strips. This is a part we have not found yet - and it would require a very different Glowline controller. @Grant Not quite... We will try to support third party dongles later, but for now it will be our own. @Chris Thanks - great day, appreciate it! We are doing our best to meet all target dates. @Wabice You can also cut the other strips (Waterproof and Splashproof). However - you will need to reseal with some silicone. We would not recommend submerging this end - obviously. @J. Davis - Of course, we will run a survey a little closer shipment to understand the colors people need. We will definitely have the color's mentioned - possibly others. Also - we want the plastic on the enclosure sensor to be 'paintable' - so you can blend it in to a door. @Lars 1) Good points... but the other way to do this is to only be able to hand over encrypted data without a key. This is - for instance - the way Backblaze's encryption option works for cloud backup. 2a) We could - but after you scan the code on the device, it's committed to your account. You could share the code to the world - but since it's already provisioned to your account, it won't allow others to gain control. 2b) No. Just seeing the QR code / grabbing NFC won't do that. 2c) They won't be able to do anything as long as it's already provisioned to your account. 2d) Nope... The QR code does not have an encryption key in it - only a reference to it. If they get *physical* access to the chip in a WigWag device - they will get one side of the key... but will not have access to anything other than that device. Happy to talk about it more... @Thomas A variety of backers are interested in the ~433Mhz ISM range. We will not have this at ship date, but are interested in it going forward. @Grant, We get it now. Yes, the Controller will be upgraded on the outdoor model. We are still investigating how water tight we can make it. The power supply is upgraded on all outdoor models (to a weatherproof power supply) and we are still investigating how to connect the power to the Glowline in a weatherproof fashion. One thing is for certain, Like all electricity outside, you will want to prevent these things from sitting a in pool of water! Thanks! WigWag @killerbunny - No problem. After the campaign closes a survey will go out confirming choices such as this. As long as your pledge amount is correct (it is) you are fine. The last update has information on pledges and add-ons: <url>"contact" part off, and wire Left and Right wires to the circuit your trying to check if its open/closed. There are obviously some voltage limits on this... 2) We will try to make it as waterproof as possible, but it is not designed to be continuously submerged. How does a a "Sump Pit" work? @Matthew We would like to work with them, and will reach out. Right now we are concentrating one the currently committed devices / protocols. As long as they are willing to explain their BT protocol it should be possible. @Nigel Splashproof can handle rain - but should not be submerged. Waterproof means submersion is possible. @Paul ...will get back to you on this one. @arckal In terms of wireless & battery on the Sensor Block versus Enclosure Sensor... It would depend on the amount of sensors being used on the block. The Sensor Block has twice the battery, but also more sensors with bigger power requirements. They both have identical wireless capabilities. @arckal Just saying it depends on what you need to do. If you *just* want to detect the door - then you can use the Enclosure Sensor. If you use the Sensor block - you should be able to control it, and it should know the state of the door based on whether it has opened it. You could also use the wired contact closure, plugged into the Sensor Block, to provide feedback on the door (depending on your door). Just giving you different options... Yes, you should able to accomplish this using one or the other. @arckal The Sensor Block case will have a hangar hole - which will allow you to hang or screw down the block using a wood screw or anchor. ...If purely looking for a garage door sensor - then you probably want the enclosure sensor. The accelerometer will tell you exactly what's going on with the door (if mounted on door). However, bear in mind the Sensor Block has an electronic relay switch to control a garage door. @Tyler - No sir... but your probably just figured that out. @David @Lomard As above, we talk to Hue using the Hue hub, however - we also plan to support later through ZigBee Link Light. To be clear, today support is through the hub - which comes with the 3 bulb kit. So you don't need anything extra from WigWag other than a WigWag Relay. @arckal Yes - the trip wire is setup using two sensor blocks. It essentially uses IR light with the other block receiving IR light, and detecting if it is blocked. There also are sensitivity settings to tweak this. @Nigel - et. all. a) b) We are looking at making the Glowline controller weatherproof (but not submersible). Think rain proof. On power supply: only the larger power supply that comes with the 5m model is weatherproof. We can't speak to low temperatures right now. c) About 30 cm d) It can be increased if you want to wire it yourself. e) The power adapter uses a barrel connector similar to a laptop power supply. The connector to the strip from the Glowline controller is a custom connector (not a well known connector) - 4 conductor - water tight connection. @William Yes. Note this only applies to the Sensor Block and Enclosure Sensor. Confirmed: Z-Wave dongles will be $50. @Chad - as per @Di Vito we will have a dongle to support Z-Wave as well - and are very familiar with Aeon Labs gear... let's put it like this: there should be no compatibility issue there. @Familia - we have not fully implemented it yet - but we have researched it and played with it some. It should work. We actually have a blog post going up right after KS ends explaining some difference with Hue, LIFX and LimitlessLED. @Richard ..by the numbers: 1) Belkin Wemo, LIFX, Hue (with their hub that comes with the kit) all native support. X10 via various X10 gateways (CM15A, CM19A, others) 2) If the underside of this table does not a have lip, or something that will block the motion sensor dome, then it should work. Let's put it this way - if you can see the dome from where you want to detect motion - it's likely it's going to detect motion. You can adjust sensitivity on the sensor to assist with this. 3) We are working on national weather service integration, which would be the best place to pull this from (sunset, sunrise). At ship date, however, it's likely you will need to use ambient light. 4) Yes - absolutely. But you will need to likely write a little Javascript (which you can do via the cloud, no compiling, tools to install - none of that). @Nigel Today the prototype is about 90mm square and about 25mm in height (bumpers included, +4mm with motion sensor dome). This is a prototype - and the production plastic might increase size a bit. Or we may be able to get it a bit smaller. Consider current dimensions as rough estimates. @Grant Yes it can. All: you can use the Enclosure Sensor without the magnet. This would mean using the 6-axis accelerometer, or wired contact closures - with out the internal contact closure. @SpekArt We have some commands for the Glowline beyond just color/on/off. One is flashing... Another is the ability to setup a custom transition (time/speed). We will see what other tricks we can get in there. Thanks for getting us past 340k! @grant, Slightly confused. Do you mean the Enclosure? All products require communication to the Relay. But each product can work independently, only requiring communication back to the relay. So the Sensor block can both "Sense" and "Control." The way you could wire up the the sensor block to shut a garage door, is a rule like this: "When" Open (for >5 mins) "then" shut door. (I wrote this in shorthand, the actual rule would be longer.) This would use the wired contact closure sensor to check if the garage door is open, and the control-relay built in to the sensor block to close the door. @Stephane, yes. @All, please remain respectful to KS rules: no more than 10 of any single item. Nigel, 1. Yes 360 degrees, vertical space above. 2. It depends on the sensitivity levels you give it. We are seeing from a few feet, to about 20-30 feet on ultra sensitive mode. 3. Yes! The glowline can drive vicinity as well. 4. Yes, we will build rules based on received IR codes that were learned. I don't know if it was Havard or someone else's idea, but that was a good one that we hadn't considered! Thanks to you and all our Backers WigWag @bob, Don't give the Rocky Picture horror story people any ideas! ha @Terrry, We are still figuring out our post sales strategy... pricing is going to go up once we get to full transactions and a store. We can assure you of that. However, we are not sure on what we will do between KS and a full store. We know we will do pre-orders; however, we are not sure on how much we will increase the pricing for pre-orders. @All we have a developer kit ad-on level for $130 that gets you the Arduino,Experimenter,PI shields with 3 6bee's for $130. We are diligently working on a checkout calculator to help everyone adjust their bids. We are not worried about the Kickstarter fees! The KS process has been great and without these guys, we would never have found all of you! Our first WigWag customers will always be near and dear to WigWag! Go ahead and increase your pledges to get the parts you need! It will 1) help us keep things organized and 2) there is pride thing for us to cross $350... Thank you all! WigWag @Harvard It is capable of reading IR as well! And will be able to learn from remotes. @samoan_jo We have a large number of European backers - and are currently exploring a fulfillment partner to assist with shipping. Pebble's issues resulted from lack of a correct CE sticker and certificate which completely matched the product name, missing paper work, misleading invoice list to customs, and no German instruction manual (at least from what we have gathered). We plan to have all these things. @Machine7 No problem. Just stay in touch with us! Anyone in a similar situation: you may click "Contact Me" (below our icon on right) to clear this up. Before ship date a final form will be sent to all to verify current shipping address. @Rohan We are supporting Lockitron. We also want to support Z-Wave and ZigBee locks on the market (Schlage and others). Regarding August - they committed to an open API which means support should be there - it's on our list. Goji is a bit more murky - they had an API 'stretch goal' which was not met. @Aaron The Relay will support USB hubs (fully compliant USB 2.0). It also has 3x USB ports built in. SmartThings hub control would be through their cloud service, which we do plan to support - although after ship date. @Aaron @Matthew Correct. There may be some premium services in the future, but everything shown in the KS copy will be free for backers even if more Relays are added later - as long as its the same account. @CK We plan to support webcams in the future, but they will not be supported by ship date. However (as we always point out) you can write your own Javascript to do it if you want! ...And - contribute it back if you like. @scott u ...As per @Di Vito, we are only selling the Glowline with a LED strip. The wiring diagram will be made available, and typically its going to work with most 5050 RGB LED strips. @Lombard Yes, a survey will be sent out to confirm items. There will be two parts to this - before the KS closes, there will be a calculator sent out to help you confirm your pledge amount. After close a survey will be sent out to confirm item choices. The calculator should be out tonight in an update. You can also clarify anything with us by clicking "Contact me" on the right under the WigWag icon. @Simon For Australia's ISM bands, we don't have any recommended switches yet. We will support Australia for both Z-Wave and ZigBee, with specific dongles good for that region's bands. Also, Insteon is now supporting Australia, which will broaden your choices: <url>"appears" to be one of these companies withouth API's or gateways! Can anyone find any info on either method for WigWag to control them? @Di Vito and Tyler, we are working a webpage calculator to sum up all the add ons. More to follow. @Django: Gateway is needed with Insteon. We need a way to get our messages onto their network, which is proprietary. Fortunately they do offer a gateway. @Elvio: Update is coming. Sorry for the delay. @Heinz: No the dimensions are not set. What are your dimensions? (I think the update will help your decision ;) @Heniz: No we didn't push our special tricks out because our research took longer than expected. They will be announced with the Update coming shortly! @Heinz: you must have their Wifi gateway. The Limitless LED protocol between the gateway is closed source and therefor our only option is to use their gateway. (Thank goodness they have a gateway! some companies don't and thus there is no way to integrate WigWag! ugh!) All, Make sure you push on the companies that don't offer open standards, published API's and especially on the companies that don't offer gateways! Is ridiculous that this day in age, that it is not possible for one set of electronics to talk to another! WigWag will do what we can to open the doors to all products, but some vendors actually take measures to prevent interoperability! @Tyler @Grant Correct, the USB ports are so you can expand with different protocols, ZigBee, Z-Wave, Bluetooth LE, and also gateways for X-10 and Insteon. All: The Sensor Block does have the ability to know when the power is off, if you are using the power adapter for the Block. Bear in mind - as per comments - you would need to ensure the Relay had power as well, and that it could communicate to the Internet (if you wanted SMS, Twitter, e-mail, etc.). The Block's do have an LED light - which could provide (very minimal) light - and you could set a rule to turn this on - but, again, the Relay would still need to be up. @Heinz 1) It sounds like the same wiring as the Glowline. Is it a 5050 LED strip? Probably - we will publish the wiring output of the Glowline controller. 2) We are not... Our cost is structured to include both. However, you could just get the basic 2.5m strip package. (no upgrades) @Tyler, The cloud service will be a fermium model for non Kickstarter purchases. We have not yet determined what we will charge for the premium levels (or what a premium level will be.) Whats important though, is all Realys purchased through this KickStarter campaign will *always* be eligible for all levels of the cloud service for free. @Scott: Don't forget the the "Enclosure at $40". We are working on a claculator to help those with the pledges. @Grant: Agree. We have some cleaver backers indeed. We are just as excited to create as we are to see what gets created! Thanks WigWag @Cliff There is a Glowline upgrade list here: <url>"Control" where you see graphics of on/off and dimmer control. 2) Yes, we should be able to support Z-Wave in Australia. You will just get the Z-Wave Australian dongle, versus the N America one. This is part of the reason we chose a design which uses USB dongles. @Tyler, Thank you for backing us! Just direct messaged you @Bob, all good points, concerns and tradeoffs. Another goal, or objective that we didn't highlight is that we want the WigWag platform to allow its users to optionally select their level of security because of these tradeoffs. Clearly the most secure thing you could do is not connect your home to the internet, not own computers, and not write anything down. But where is the fun in that? Other IOT platforms out there are simply ALL OR NOTHING with their balance between features and security. @WigWag we will offer tiered levels allowing end users to select between the feature tradeoffs and ultimate security. Thanks for backing us! @All, we are working on an update at 300K to describe a new feature of the enclosure and describe our 350K software stretch goal. We agree with @Familla, at this point we don't have any other prototype hardware that we would be comfortable adding to the campaign, and do not want to add additional stress onto our ship date. Security & Privacy: WigWag is dedicated to becoming one of the most secure platforms for automation and the Internet of Things (IOT). Our concern about security drove our choices in data architecture and hardware. In more detail: Our security objectives are: First, WigWag is only going to store what you allow WigWag to store - we will not store information without your permission. The cloud services will also provide a high level of granularity in terms of tweaking what is stored / not stored. Secondly, WigWag will not share information with others without your explicit permission. Third, WigWag will be transparent. This is critical - and is a major problem with lots going on in cloud services today. This means we will always be very clear about what we are doing with your data. Fourth, WigWag will ultimately give an option of encrypting all data stored in the cloud, only de-cryptable by a private key sitting on the Relay in your home. For data in the cloud to be truly protected from a warrant without your explicit permission would require at-rest encryption + a system where the user's private keys were physically held by their WigWag Relay. This means the data would *always* be encrypted while at WigWag, and would only be decrypted while in the Home. This is possible - but will not be available at ship date. It is possible because the Relay has enough storage and CPU to do this kind of work - and it's possible because we built our event driven database with this capability in mind. It would, however, preclude WigWag from providing certain kinds of services to the user. Regarding Warrants, etc and encryption at rest: If your data is on a cloud service - whether it is WigWag, your cloud email, your bank accounts, your cloud 'drive', your IM history, etc, it is accessible via a warrant - at least in the US. Even a lock box in a bank would be accessible… And your physical home would be accessible via a warrant. This is why encrypting data to the point that it is useless to those that don't hold the key, is WigWag's ultimate goal. We have discussed this with Bob - and we know he is interested in having an open discussion on these issues - as are we. Since our service is being built now it's a great opportunity for us to find features / capabilities to put in to provide the level of security people expect. We also plan on providing an option (after ship date) to allow people to 100% ditch the cloud. Again, doing this would preclude us from providing certain services. Ultimately, this security as described is where we want to end up. Everything is in design and our goal is to have certain features implemented by the time we ship. An official privacy policy document will be available when our cloud services go into Beta. Also: The transfer of data back and forth between WigWag uses HTTPS and the same encryption as when talking to your bank. Our wireless communication uses AES-128 keys, approved by NSA for SECRET communication. So we would not consider this 'toy' security. @Ryan We built the strip lighting on the stairs using a single LED strip, which is what we would suggest you do. You can add a 2.5m extension to the strip if needed. We wrapped the strip around the back of each step. If you need to block light at a certain portion a great way to do this is to use black heat shrink tubing, and cover a portion. The strip can be cut, however, at intervals along the strip, for a custom length. @B. Di Vito - We need to make sure we stay with in KS guidelines. Check your inbox: we have sent you a direct message with a way to do this based on your current backing level. @Greg The phone apps will be able to know if they are on the same network as the Relay at ship date, but geo-location will be a little later. Geo-location: It will happen for sure, but will probably happen post first release of App. @Amit Any rule you can build you can also create / alter / trigger via the API. So - it will be available via API also (but location information would come from the app writer, obviously) @Jacob Look for a direct message in your Inbox from us. If you are a large Insteon user your feedback will really be appreciated. @AS - Well, it depends on how small they are and where the motion detect is placed. If a dog or cat walks directly in front of the motion detector sitting on the ground, it would work well. If the animal is very distant... not as well. We also support a 'sensitivity' setting in the "When" panel for Motion. This will let you tweak this some. @Greg - We just answered there... It's a great question which deserves an entire update later. In short - this is the entire reason we made the system so easy to extend and program, and why it can be done entirely in the cloud. @Jacob - Insteon support is committed. However, we are still exploring which gateway devices we will officially support. We can't guarantee support for all gateway devices. In terms of the KeypadLincs - we don't know about it yet. We will have to check the API once we decide on the officially supported devices. @Tyler - The IR blaster on the Sensor Block can do IR learning. So, yes! @Familia - Z-Wave, ZigBee and Bluetooth dongles are each $50. We will update the price list on the main ad copy. We will also support BYOD (bring your own dongle) as long as the chipset is the same. Specs to be provided soon. @johnMW - We just added a list of all add-ons to the main KS page. It also includes links to each update. Hope this helps! @James We need to stick to the kits and add-ons we currently have. Click "Contact Me" at right, and we can work through a pledge using existing kits. @Earl Interesting... that's a clamp meter with an 3.5mm jack on it. Cool - we are looking at it now. May need an adapter to plug into Sensor Block. @Marcus We are working on it! @Joanne Thanks!! We really appreciate the support... As DeviceJS gets a little closer to Github release we will reach out to you all. Thanks for spreading the word and backing! @Amit Most developers will never need to worry about a toolchain, because they will write everything in Javascript on our cloud API. If you want to use your favorite editor you can - and then you can just paste it in. If you don't want the cloud - then you would just copy it onto the filesystem on the Relay. For deeper development, as in customizing code on the Sensor Block, Arduino Shield, etc: All tool chains are open source. The WigWag wireless module is an ARM microcontroller and uses a GCC toolchain. Per iPhone question - let me check with our lead mobile dev tomorrow. @Indy We are researching the API... Probably, but will be after ship date. Correction: 1) ..The firmware on the Sensor Block... @Amit 1) The firmware on the Sensor Blog - yes. The App no, but the API the App uses will be open. 2) You can... and, for people who want use the Analog In/Out with some custom device (Arduino project or otherwise) - in some cases they may need to modify the firmware. 3) Yes there is. All of the software for discovering devices is on the Relay, and is DeviceJS. So this software will be open-sourced. There are various protocols used - depending on device type. DeviceJS will be on github around ship date. Thanks for your support! @Greg Also - so this is all clear... That's the reason every WigWag Sensor Block as a QR code/NFC tag. It's for security when you on-board the device. This is why you must scan it. @Golly 1) Yes, the production Block should be able to do this. We are adding this capability with an extra circuit on the Block. 2) A "When" for 'absent' or 'not in communication' - Yes, we will have a such "When" option. 3) We will need to get these stats to you later... Be aware, the Block is not hardened or weather proof. 4) WigWag wants to produce a weather proof Block, but it won't happen during this campaign. In the mean time we will let you know if we come up with any slick solutions. @Greg That's an interesting article. We will do a blog post or update on security in the future. For now, briefly: The article is all about a firm who was able to gain access to someone's WiFi network... Everything else was enabled by this. 1) We don't use WiFi at all. 2) The Relay is connected to your local network. If you want SSH access to it (and yes, we will provide it for power users) you will need physical access to the Relay to enable shell access (the Vera is apparently wide open with no password ?#!). 3) The Relay to cloud connection is HTTPS. This is the same as a connection to your bank. Our suggestion to anyone with a home network is to use WPA2, and use a long password. If this was the case Crowley could not have gotten into the network. A nine character password not using a dictionary word could take up to 15 years to crack. <url>"Is an Internet connection required for WigWag to work?" @Mark - We can't make a commitment to the way our business model will always work. What we can say is there will never be a cloud service cost for products bought through this KS campaign. @Shawambam I think they would, but you could also double up the strip - i.e. wrap it around so that two lengths of the strip were shining down, not just one. @Grant - That was simply a plugin which went into the Sensor Block's analog input (See update 2). We will do an updated add-on list in the ad soon. 200k Goal Reached!!! Thank you backers for your continued support! An update is on it's way... Almost there!!! @Eric 1) It's something that we (and DeviceJS) could certainly support, since its essentially a USB interface and they have friendly API license. However, we can't commit to supporting this by ship date. (but bear in mind DeviceJS is open-source :) 2) Open. As in "here is how you shell in" And "here is how you play..." And "here is tool chain to compile your own stuff." 3) Yes we will. It's actually a big piece of what our cloud service does. Anything that is in DeviceJS can get auto-logged. More to come on this and pay attention to the devicejs.org site over the next few months. 4) We need to stick to KS guidelines. Send us a note (click "Contact Me") and we will see how we can work it out. @Familia 1) Correct 2) Correct, they do not use WiFi - they use 6loWPAN Yes, the other blocks will be able to create hops for communication to the distant Block. Bear in mind however there is latency in involved in each hop. Another way to do this is to place another Relay closer to the area... if your WiFI extender is a device which has Ethernet jacks on it - you could plug the Relay into this. @Mark et al. Yes, all WigWag Devices are 6loWPAN and they should able to increase distance with mesh networking. @Saul 1) Yes, one of the many "When" triggers is time of day. You can also disable/enable rules based on time. 2) The stairs lights were done by using a single strip and placing it under the step lip. Between stairs we used black shrink wrap tubing to not show light. We will post a howto at some point documenting the whole process. 3) You would need a ZigBee / Insteon fan controller. A fan controller is something we will look into supporting after ship date. @Phillip - Possibly in the future... In the mean time you could use multiple Sensor Blocks to accomplish this. @Don - We answered your direct message. For reference to others: You can expect similar distance to WiFi since they are in the same spectrum. You may get a little bit better results due to the simpler modulation and amp. All: yes, you can run more than 2 Relays. In fact your account can run many Relays, and they can span different geographic locations. We will add this to the FAQ. @Mark We will work it out. Look for a direct message form us. @Amanda Understand your issue, and yes, we do need to comply with the KS guidelines... We are going to send a direct message. typo: @O.D. Right now communication with Hue and Hue gen2 Living color lamps will be through the Hue hub. We are interested in using ZigBee Light Link directly and are looking into it. @O.D. Right now communication with Hue and Hue gen2 Living color lamps will be through the Hub hub. We are interested in using ZigBee Light Link directly and are looking into it. @Matthew Cool! Great use case. Basically you would build a rule when the tag was 'gone' @James 1) Yes, the Presence Tag will have NFC! (like all WigWag devices) 2) We have not specified which adapters and are researching this now. @Kelly The 2.4Ghz spectrum area is used by other protocols such as ZigBee (which also uses IEEE 802.15.4 which 6loWPAN uses) and Bluetooth LE - So we are certainly not alone. Most people already have the devices running in the 2.4Ghz spectrum area besides WiFi in their home. There are over 14 channels available in WiFi (in most countries). This means devices do not operate on the *exact* same frequency - they select a channel. Like WiFi - 6loWPAN can use a variety of channels. Interference issues are usually caused by antenna being *very* close to each other, which is part of the reason the Relay does not use WiFi - but uses ethernet instead. We've done our best to make sure that interference will be minimal - and it's a top priority in our testing. Here in our office we can see 16 other WiFi networks, have multiple 6loWPAN networks running and everything runs fine. In short - yes, we've considered it - a lot :) @Greg Yes, absolutely. @Jonathan WigWag sensors and devices work off 6loWPAN riding on IEEE 802.15.4. They operate in 2.4Ghz spectrum but are not WiFi devices - so they have nothing to do with WPA. Our devices do support encryption, and we also use public key cryptography to deter impersonation and other attacks. The sensors are dependent on communication to/from the Relay for executing any Rule. To create more redundant environments you can use multiple sensors in different locations and combine their data using a variety of functions (the sensor fusion concepts discussed). For instance, two motion sensors, in two different locations, pointing to the same area - would create a redundant motion field in case one sensor became unavailable. @Greg - Yes, that is a great suggestion and we are already working on it. It will be at wigwag.com when ready and it will include basically that information. Also, we are working on a survey to better understand everyone's needs. @Carlisle Thanks for backing! We will send a survey out to each backer before the end of campaign which will allow you to choose Sensor Block / Glowline. In the mean time - feel free to click "Contact Me" if you have any specific question about your rewards. @Felix @Mark We are looking into both of these things right now... just FYI. @David We are happy to help. We will contact you directly... Just check your messages on KS. @Hamish Are you with LimitlessLED? Great! - we will able to control and support your lights. Actually the Relay's costs are well above $25, and are not anything at all similar to the hub you all use. @Daniel Everyone has access to DeviceJS via the WigWag Cloud, or by shelling into your WigWag Relay. The developer kit will allow you to connect Arduino projects to WigWag/DeviceJS, use a Raspberry Pi as a WigWag Relay or device, or create new WigWag devices with embedded programming. i.e. You can chose any kit you like. @David - Thanks, we are happy things picked up more! 1) Yes 2) Yes, absolutely. Rules can span multiple Relays (wherever they are located) - as long as it is in the same account! Obviously each Relay needs Internet connectivity back to WigWag Cloud. @Peter Direct message us with the fan control brand information... Click "contact me" on right side. Thanks. Working on update!... @Peter ...How does that remote work? Is it IR? @Joel That should be very doable in DeviceJS - will look into it. @Weasy: The relay is an integral part of WigWag. The Relay does much more than simply connect the sensor block to the cloud. The Relay runs deviceJS. DeviceJS is a JavaScript based development platform for reacting to sensors and controlling devices. (see deviceJS.org for more info). Because of this, Rules execute on each Relay, which tells the sensors and control devices what and when to do things. An added benefit, if your network is down, rules still can execute on location. Hope this helps and explains things a bit more! WigWag @Phillip Good ideas. There is a digital and analog port on the Sensor Block. Our OS is based on Conitki and thus anyone can extend our sensor block to add things to it such as the dallas 1-wire. If this is something of interest, look into getting the Dev Kit!. Thanks, WigWag @Matthew, good list! the only thing off here is the Moisture sensor at $15. (not 10) Also, be aware of KS rules: No more than 10 of a single item. For anyone who is wondering how to add these item on, just increase your "pledge" level. See update #2 for a graphical explanation. Thanks, and have fun! WigWag @Adrian Sonos Zoneplayer systems have an API we can work with - so in the future, yes. However, we can't commit to having full support at ship date. Working on it right now... waiting on some 3D models. @Matthew, Thanks for the bump!! Update on its way soon!... @David, So are we! :) @David We saw it this morning also! Yes, we would like to work with ifttt.com and will reach out to them. Unfortunately, from a developers view point, ifttt.com is a closed system - so they will need to add in support for us themselves. @Chris It's a cool product - and slicker looking than StickNFind which is already in stores and very similar. They use Bluetooth LE. We will look into the value we could create here. We don't use Bluetooth LE on the presence tag due to consistent range issues. @Mete We should be able to work with any Phillips lights Phillips exposes via the Hue Hub, which will include the Living Color Lights (Gen 2). Purchasing some now to verify. We also allow control of both the Phillips lights *and* your own Glowline WigWag lights (and all kinds of other lights) at the same time, through a unified control - power, color, brightness. In terms of that light strip you already have: can you send us a direct message with details on what type it is - or a picture of it? You can plug certain third party strips into the Glowline controller - and we will provide a wiring diagram to do this, as well as an optional pigtail connector via our web site later in the year. We can control 4 conductor LED strips using RGB LEDs. For 15m you may need to find a larger power supply. @David Yes, we plan on making much more subdued designs for the final products. We will also have a version of sensor block which fits into home environments a little less obtrusively. A survey will be sent out which, amongst other things, will allow backers to pick from a number different colors. The logo will also be smaller. The renderings on the ad should give some indication of this. Backers will have some input into the final case designs as well, with the general shape remaining the same. @Greg Yes, if they are using ZigBee HA we will be able to work with them. We will reach out to them also to do some interop testing. Seems like a cool idea. @Matthew Yes, you can set it either way. This is part of the reason the phoenix block's on the Sensor Block and Add-on Relays have 2 outputs. For instance, on a garage door you would do Normally Open - this way the garage door opener would work even if the Sensor Block is disconnected. You just need to wire it correctly. Matthew: You should be able to build most of that with rules (via graphical tools such as the mobile app, or web front end) or by writing DeviceJS (Javascript) code directly. We have designed a system that is meant to handle these kinds of more complex systems as well. In terms of front-end, you can build a web page anyway you like and then access rules / DeviceJS code to control physical things. We will have a Developer update later in the campaign to discuss these methods. @Phillip Yes, we will expand on the X-10 compatibility in an update. It will require the use of an X-10 gateway product through the USB port. @Nigel 1) Yes, we will support UK plugs on all power adapters. 2) electronic relay on Sensor Block - max ratings: Max 5A, @ up to 240 V AC or 25 V DC 3) They will be the same or better. We have not finalized the part for this. 4) Yes, the App will run on an iPad with WiFi only as long as the App has Internet connectivity for initial setup. @Matthew You need Internet connectivity when you first setup WigWag, and then you would need it if you wanted your setup to contact you across the Internet. However, the rules you create will work even if the Internet is down. You are correct, a rule just triggering a local alarm / siren box would work with no Internet connection running / or connection to WigWag Cloud. @Matthew The Sensor Block will not use batteries when plugged into USB power, so your batteries in the Sensor Block acting as back up power should last quite a while. However the Block, they will not recharge the batteries. The Blocks can send a notification when the battery charge life is low. The other issue you will need to consider in that scenario is making sure an Internet connection remains up... Thanks Tim. Yes, we will either be using an external tool as we did previously for the last survey, or we will message individual backers. Please send us a direct message if you have any tips from your own previous experience! @Matthew Thanks for positive remarks! 1) We will do an update which lists everything. Also, there will be a survey at the end of the campaign to clarify everyone's pledge and rewards. This will occur before a payment is ran. 2) We have to follow Kickstarter guidelines with pledge levels. We will send you a KS direct message to clarify what options you will have. 3) We will look into this. It's not clear what wireless standard this product is using - we will direct message you for more. 4) At the end of the campaign, in the survey, you will choose which power plug type you need. You should *not* have to buy an adapter.. but we will follow up with you on this also. Awesome!!!! Update on it's way!! Thank you backers... @Peter - Noted on Android, thanks... Was actually looking at that last night. -Ed @Greg We have planned for production well into the multi-thousand units with different partners. The leadership of the team has met with different contractors both in the US and China. Our goal was set at 50k as this was the amount needed to for fixed costs such as tooling (in addition to cost of goods). It's a very fair and understandable question (especially based on some projects performances) but we believe we are prepared for production at levels well past the current backer pledges. @All3nSan At 100k! Awesome Mark - Thanks for backing!... good stuff in the works here! Awesome!!! 400+ backers... We truly appreciate the support. Update on its way!.... @Talanda The kit you reference has the WiFi Bridge Receiver box (aka HTTP gateway). We have LimitlessLED in our office, are playing with it, and plan full support. It will be through their HTTP gateway (same on required for the iPhone app to work)... We will have more info in another update. Less thank 20 backers to go! @Ali3nSan Currently you should use two sensor blocks. We have not tested with a mirror. @Greg It's on us, and we would want to do it anyway. It looks really straightforward, more to come on this! It looks like it would be via cloud, not local - but that's ok - we support automating things whether the API resides on the Internet or is local (such as with Hue bulbs). @Dung, The 100K stretch goal is designed to "streeeeeeetch" us to the next goal. So it will be an add-on to pledges for those who want it. Direct Message us if you need more details. @SabrWolf We should be able to work with them in a lot of ways. A simple example might be a button an Almond+ touch screen which kicks off a WigWag rule. For us that is just triggering 'When' via the web - which is something we already plan on supporting. Perhaps post / ask with Almond+ team? @Elvio Thanks! @Ali3nSan, A Weather proofed sensor block is in the plans for the future but are not ready for this kickstarter campaign. This version of the Sensor Block does operate outside, however, cannot get wet. We are considering adding on longer cables as an add-on at the end of the campaign. There are many plans, products, and devices that we want to do... But one of the coolest things about WigWag is we fundamentally believe in listening the needs of our backers (and in 52 days from now, our customers.) About 8 hours from now, we will do a backer only post that will cover how we solicite our customer base in building new products and bringing them to the market. The bottom line is, the backers decide (for the most part), and the backers will decide the 100,000K new product! Lets get there soon! Chris: We would love to do that! A member of our team is in the Bay Area and I would certainly be willing to travel that way for an event. This would need to be a post-Kickstarter campaign event. It would definitely allow us to show off how all kinds of stuff can be interconnected, and also expose the really powerful parts of the platform: DeviceJS (the Javascript engine executing on each Relay), distributed execution and how the Arduino and Raspberry Pi shield works. -Ed H. @Familia Right on... The GE products are already the first devices we are testing with Z-Wave. @Greg Yes - they make a nice dimmer! @Famillia, Thank you! and Thank you for upgrading! Sensor fusion: is the ability to make multiple sensors work together to provide richer information. Take a common motion sensor. It essentially detects motion in one area. It it either sees motion or it doesn't. Once it notices motion, it simply informs you that it saw motion. Now, if you take 2 or 3 or 4 motion detectors, and link them all together, you can get richer information such as a direction of movement and more pinpoint information on where the motion is occurring. The trip wire feature establishes an IR wire between two sensor blocks. When someone cross this wire, the sensor goes off. This gives you more granular control over an area. For instance, a motion detector in a room would just tell you that someone is in the room. A trip wire covering a door, would tell you when someone crosses through that door. Motion detectors are just that... Motion detectors. Someone sitting still in a room is really hard to detect with one. Developing a single device to detect true presence would be great! Perhaps another kickstarter campaign is in store for us. With multiple sensor blocks and sensor fusion, you will be able to better detect presence. Also on the sensor block we have a microphone. So if there is noise in a room, we know that there is presence. We are striving to make the Relay/z-wave dongle work with all z-wave products. Z-wave is proprietary standard and we will be using a proprietary dongle from a 3rd Party. Most results show that it works. Can you get specific about which Z-Wave products your using and wich vendors they are from? @Greg, We agree! It would be cool to work with PlantLink. Every company has their niche. Every company is going to do something better than the next guy. At WigWag, we are striving to make our platform the most open and interoperable. Our platform is built such that whenever there is an open API available, our customers or our internal programmers can add that other vendors device to their WigWag account. In update #5 on the plantlink site, they stated " We'll officially be creating a public API for any developers who might want to access the data from Plant Link, and we'll be offering color options for the Links to all of our backers." We just reached out to them to see if they can give us an early look at their APIs. They don't seem to be public yet. If you could reach out to them too, that may help. @Matthew: We will push the battery status into the WigWag rules system so you can do whatever you want! When battery LOW Then X! The sensor block runs on 4 AA batteries and/or an included micro USB power adapter. Battery life largely depends on the number of environmental sensors and rules which the particular Sensor Block is associated. In other words, if you are using all 7 different sensor types on one Block with multiple rules, then your Block might only last a couple of days. If you are using one or two sensors in a simpler configuration it could possibly last up to a year. Certain sensors are real power hogs, others are very efficient. For instance the ambient light and motion sensors are quite efficient on battery life. However, the trip wire will drain batteries very fast. This is why we chose to also allow the Sensor Block to be permanently placed & powered with a micro USB power adapter. Goal!!! Look for an update very soon with the next mini-stretch! @All3NSan Understood - one of the main reasons we created the sharing functionality is to deal with access control type devices, such as locks. @Greg - Great, we will get on it as soon as released. Taiyyib: Thanks for the kind comments! and we love the excitement and ideas. We are investigating sprinkler control and locks. Our first priority will be to supporting devices people (specifically backers) already have - but we hope to make some important additions to the market as needed. I personally feel you on the Texas water days - Austin has some serious restrictions. On all these ideas we would also like to hear from international backers - and what things to look out for when considering certain products operation in different parts of the world. Hey Greg! We will do our best to also support Australian plugs as well. There are quite a few Australian backers, so we shall figure this out. No problem Greg! Questions help other backers also. We have a video that is about 90% done explaining all about the Glowline! stay tuned... It was a single 5m Glowline in the steps on the video, where just routed it to hide certain parts... @Greg The final Relay will have 3 USB ports. The one in the video had a case covering a USB port. External Power on Sensor Block: We will include a very small, fixed plug type adapter. However we will have options to choose which plug you need - with a survey at the end. Also, it's standard USB power - so you can use any power USB power supply you like. @Greg You are right there with us... The Sensor Block in the video is a prototype 3D printed (high quality 3D printer) case, so it has little flex that a molded case would not. The external power connector is a micro-USB plug. The final case will have screw hold on the back which will allow you to us a wood or dry-wall screw and secure the Block using this. Indeed - that's critical for real installs - and it will be there. The Glowline will also have these holes. @Greg We are going to offer a couple of different Sensor Block appearances. I entirely agree with you and have received similar feedback: we need a version which 'blends' in to a normal home. At a minimum there will be a dark or black version and a lighter, indoors white-ish version. With as many backers as we have, however, we will run a survey at the end to find the absolute most popular colors. @Daniel: We do plan on having a Bluetooth USB add-on which will plug into the Relay to talk with local Bluetooth devices. There are also a number of Bluetooth light bulbs out there as well. We can't commit to when support would be available for that specific device, but the possibility is certainly there. (And since DeviceJS - the core software which runs on the Relay - is open-source, someone from Embrace+ or another developer could contribute it as well.) @John, Yes. We will direct message you with details on how to adjust your pledge to support the add-ons. @ ALL Backers: Direct message us anytime you need help with the add-ons, changes and increasing your pledges! To direct message us: Look for the "Contact me" next to the "W" icon, just above the pledge levels. @Joshy: The sensor block has 8 internal sensors, and 4 control functions. Take a look at the graphic on the main page for a breakdown of what they are. You don't need to purchase anything additional to make these functions work. If you want to extend the capabilities of your sensor block, take a look at update #2. We have expansion ports on the Sensor Block that can bring new functionality! Thanks Joshy -WigWag @Greg: Cable length for the WigWag Glowline power supply will not be known until later. There are multiple power adapters that we can select to drive the Glowline, and our pricing form the power adapter supplier depends on how many we need. Right now we are looking at 1-2M cables, but the good news is that the Glowline uses a standard plug, so other adapters will also work. Direct Message us your specific cable length needs! @Zingo We will investigate that issue. The team here have worked in organizations shipping products all over the world, so I believe they will be able to handle it - but would like to know the details. Would you mind sending us a DM (direct Kickstarter message) and briefly explain your previous experiences? Thanks Zingo, WigWag @ Greg - power supply cord: Will get back to you on this. The motion sensor will itself be very fast. Latency on 6loWPAN is similar to ZigBee, so about 100ms to the Relay. The Relay executes fast because its a 1 Ghz ARM processor. Then it's a little over 100ms to the Hue. Unfortunately the Hue's are sometimes a little slow. (The Glowline is faster in our experiments). We expect Phillips will be improving on this... But it should be no more than 1 second. The key point here is: the Rule *does not* have to go to the Cloud to execute - so that helps latency. @Greg Thanks for being a large backer! We appreciate the support! We will answer all these questions - but are going to answer them in multiple parts - and different people on the team are not available to answer all of these now but will be in the next 24 hours. 1) Yes. This is shown in the main video, at 0:06, and at 2:40 (where there are two Phillips Hue bulbs and two Glowlines being controlled simultaneously) - as well as some other quick shots. This video is not simulated - they are really being controlled by the App & Relay. This was also demoed live at the Techcrunch pitch event in early June here in Austin, TX. 2, 3 & 4 - Need to talk to the right folks... Expect more info in 12 hours or so. Thanks! @Peter - just found out one of the team is a big on Tasker as well. Looking at the dev section they are saying should not be hard to integrate. Sorry for typo in previous comment, to clarify: We may do this via Pushover, or another service - but the goal is being able to push to multiple people easily (say your family) without everyone needing access to your account or installing our App. All - we are in the process of finalizing some stretch goals! We thank *everyone* for your incredible support! @Jonas Thank you!!! @Peter Awesome! Yes, we will definitely do push notifications on both Android and iPhone. We don't want folks to have to just do SMS (which is also supported). The other thing we are looking at is push distro lists, if you will. We may do this via Pushover, or another service - but the goal is being able to push to multiple people easily (say your family) without every needing accessing to your account or installing our App. @John, Yes, the glowline strips are cut to length. They can be cut every 5cm (1.9685 inches) where indicated on the strip. Use either a sharp pair of scissors or razor blade knife. @Nicholas (and @John) The Relay already has a real time clock and it's time will sync with our servers, and will of course deal with time zones correctly. Time based rules will still work if your Internet connection temporarily drops also. No stretch goal needed :) We already have a couple of "Time" based "When" options in the App, to include being able to have a rule only 'on' during a certain period of time. The other thing you will want in terms of time is to 'then' something, and 'then' undo that something later, after a set period of time. We are working on how to get this in the App with an effective UX. arckal, So sorry. We missed your question in the shuffle. Glowline comes with 2.5 meters of indoor strip. Each Glowline is capable of driving a 5 meter strip. To upgrade to 5 meters of indoor strip is $15. We actually also upgrade the power supply at the same time (included in the price), as a Glowline needs 2x the power to driver 2x the strip. The Glowline can drive many different grades of strips. We are still in negotiations with our suppliers. We have access to multiple grades of outdoor strips, from some that can handle light wind and rain to strips that can be completely submerged in water. We will do an update focused on the Glowline and the strip types that we can drive. Thanks! Yes we are absolutely open to working anyone and anything that has an open API. One of the strong suits of WigWag is that it doesn't require a WigWag employee to make things happen between WigWag and another device or platform. Our cloud will allow anyone to build connectivity via JavaScript and automatically promote code reuse to all other users. Regarding your question, yes at checkout there will be a survey that will enable you to add the Sensor Block to any pledge (other than the $1 pledge.) Thanks again! This is a phoenix block: <url>"see full bio" near the WigWag badge on the Ad and then click "Contact Me" in the dialog. @pschi Each backer level has a Relay because the Relay is the brains of WigWag in the house. It controls devices and listens to sensor. When you setup a rule with the app, that rule is pushed to your Relay. The Relay then listens and executes the rule for you. @LKY We can straighten out pledges easily by just adjusting your amount manually. Could you direct message us - so we can clarify? Thanks! @LKY Thank you for noticing, fixed! @Jordi Yes you can. Just add $50 per sensor. @arckal #3 - The devices you mention all have open APIs so they should have support from WigWag. We can't guarantee all of them at ship date, but eventually we should see support. Hue and LIFX are definite (as LIFX has committed to an open API). UBE claims to also have a REST API when it ships. Ecobee has an API as well. So you are looking good. Our priority will first to go to lighting then to other devices. @DigitalPH Each dongle will cost no more than $50. Our policy is to simply past cost on these. You should be able to 'bring your own dongle' if you want (as long as it's supported by DeviceJS). @arckal WigWag Sensor Block can open / close the garage door because it has a built-in electronic relay. This wiring is pretty much the same as any other garage door opener. Yes, WigWag could notify you if the garage door was opened via this method. If you can place the Sensor Block near the where this relay wire is, you should be able to only use a single WigWag Sensor Block. Notice in the video we place it on the ceiling near the opening motor. You could also run a wire to a wall, which is another shot (typically where its wired to). Sincerely thank you very much for your support. And thank you for being an early backer! Absolutely! Development is well underway. We will post updates with the progress on the Android App. It will be available when we ship. I have not received a refund too. Please advise best way to process in a timely manner. I have not received a refund. Please advise best way to process in a timely manner. I have not received a refund. Please advise best way to process in a timely manner. I never got my refund....please helpp..... I received my full refund two months ago. Great! Thank you so much. Refund received! Thank you! No refund!!! I have not received my refund. This user's account has been deleted. No refund here yet? I got my refund, never thought I'd ever see a thing from this KS. Clearly the company purchasing the IP didn't want any problems with lawsuits. What if I prefer to not get paid via PayPal? Is there another option? Ok so for anyone interested I logined into to PayPal and checked my transactions and yes indeed I was also paid on the 15/3 How do we know if we got paid?? Do we get an email. Do we check with PayPal ? Backer # 698 I backed at $579... I have note received a THING! I'd like a refund. I got mine refund, thanks. +1 for backer protection, without it feel much vulnerable. I have lost a lot of money in different projects as lots of scammer has joined this platform to make money and kickstarter seems to be supporting them not backers. Refund received 3/14. Thank you kindly. Refund received 03/15/2019... Refund received. Grazie! Thank you for my refund ARM Inc. Much respect for issuing refunds to backers after all this time. Refund received. Thank you Woot! Mine also arrived. And I'm still going to spend it on Home Automation gear. Friends at ARM: Please add me to any and all lists you have that are relevant to the use of ARM tech in Home Automation. (For example, I'd love to find an SoC with WiFi/BT/Thread and an M4F core.) My refund arrived. Thank you for doing this. Even though it took almost 6 years thanks for making it right & giving us a refund. And no thanks to kickstarter for doin nothing. I will not & havn’t backed anything here for years until they offer us protection. Thank you for turning this around. I would have love for the product to have worked out, but thank you ARM for making things right. I recieved my refund today. My refund has also arrived. Now I can finally put this sorry saga behind me. Thanks ARM. No thanks to WigWag. Refund arrived also! Thank you :-) I also got my refund just now! :) This user's account has been deleted. Got mine too! Just got my refund..FYI Like Bob said makes sense. I think they just needed to make that clear whoever made that update. No refund yet either and I was like literally the first or second one to fill it out... Any updates on refund??? It’s been a month, which is more than a “ couple of weeks”. Any update? Well, they said "a few weeks" a few weeks ago, but I would not be surprised if it will be a little longer before the refunds flow. This is not a normal kind of business transaction, and ARM first has to get the funds into whatever form PayPal prefers, and then get each and every refund transfer planned in advance. There is also the issue of tracking down folks who didn't respond to the survey. PayPal and KS both have services to help with this, but I have no idea how long it takes. I suspect WigWag wants to get all the refunds done in one big batch, and not have it drag out. So if the survey response rate is too low, expect a little extra delay. But it's sure to be Real Soon Now. Right? So after years of waiting WigWag will refund backers BUT only through PayPal, not e.g. my credit card. I did use PayPal before but since they started demanding not just my credit card details (logical) but also my passport, home address, all e-mail accounts and colour of my briefs (the last a slight exaggeration) I stopped using their system. Seriously, you are now forcing me to compromise my privacy to get the money back? So what's the status of refund, when are you going to start? The only address they need is the PayPal address you used when you backed the campaign. If you still have that, you should be good. If not, click "FAQ" above, then on that page click "Ask a Question" button to the right. How will payments be delivered? I have moved 7 times since 2012. There is nowhere to update addresses. The survey did not require anything... That being said, i am very glad they are making this right. That is some good character right there. Good on you Wigwag. Wow. Just wow. Not only did they not forget about us, WigWag kept us on their books as a current liability that had to be discharged as part of the purchase. There are many ways to avoid doing this, and most businesses would duck this debt in a hot minute. I wonder if the debt caused any prior WigWag acquisition negotiations to flounder and fall apart. Of course, a class act like ARM would completely understand. They'd certainly drive a hard deal, but not on issues like this. Good job to all involved. And thanks. You have to go to your kickstarter page, click the wig wag page - then view pledge... down under pledge amount is your id number. I just received the survey to get a refund. Does anyone know how to find my "Kickstarter Backer Id"? (Sorry if that is a stupid question but I'm having a hard time finding it.) Haven’t received my products I backed. Hopefully the survey is real. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfil all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfil." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Just got the message about being acquired by ARM. I did the refund request, but what are the plans for the future now? I have not received my reward. Please refund. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I have not received my reward. Please refund. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I have not received my reward. Please refund. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I have not received my reward. Please refund. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Haven't received my backed Products yet! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfil all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfil." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I have not received my reward. Please refund. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. So has anyone invoking their rights for a refund actually received a refund? Wow. New devices + no more infos are yet another "fuck you" to everyone. Thanks, Mr. Hemphill and Mr. McCollum! Good bye $119 From the website: "About Us WigWag makes the world's most advanced IoT application platform: DCS and deviceOS. 5 years in the making, deviceOS has protocol support for many industrial, commerical and home sensors & smart devices. Chat with us today about how to take your IoT project from an idea to reality." <url>#rallypoint They are making new hardware.. "available winter 2018" ..Being in EU I never recieved anything.. Can I get one of those RallyPoint 500 you are making "winter 2018"? Not at all what I paid for years ago, but at least something would be nice. Unfortunate that what was once a promising piece of IOT connected tech fell apart so drastically due to what I’m assuming was a poor business model and/or the ineptitude of the creators to properly execute the necessary components that go into creating the product they said they would deliver. I suppose I was one of the lucky ones having “only” pledged $119 for one of these pieces of vaporware as an early bird supporter. These guys are one of the primary reasons I gave up on Kickstarter for many years. But thus is the nature of the crowdsourced venture capitalist. You win some, and all too often you lose some too. This project happened to fall into the latter category. I’m honestly surprised they even added an update over a year ago, because I gave up on this project well before then. Another loss on another crowd funding project. The technology is already too old. This really sucks. That makes my losses, so far, in excess of $3,800 on “successfully funded” projects that never deliver. I’m out!! Any day now... I understand you guys are working hard trying to make this all work, but could you please provide an update at least every 6 months or so? It's been over a year since we've heard anything. If WigWag is to survive as a company, there has to be communication.. even if it's "We're still working on it" Yeah, Im pretty sure copying and pasting Kickstarter's toilet reading isnt going to get you a refund. The whole reason crowdfunding is risky is because ass clowns like these guys come here to get you to invest in one thing, while they really just use the money for something completely different. That said, this, the Lily drone, and a couple of coffee maker items are the only problems Ive had. Haven't received my backed Products yet! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I live near Austin, and I run around the same circles. If I come across one of these bozos, Im gonna punch them right in the mouth. Haven't received my backed Products yet! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Haven't received my backed Products yet! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Well I tried messaging this Ed **** again, appears he's blocked me on LinkedIn now. Guess it's easier to block someone demanding they get what is theirs back, rather than delivering on a false promise. I've sent him another "invite" on LinkedIn. On another note, I've got some "military" friends in the states who owe me a few favors. Perhaps someone else has already paid you a visit and you're no longer breathing Ed? If so I guess it doesn't matter, if not, well, if my refund isn't on it's way by Friday, August 3rd, 2018, and you're not already like that TV Show, Six Feet Under, then I'm going to call in those favors. I'm done playing. Talk seems to be back........... although the sensor block is coming soon :) Don't panic - you can still buy their product online at <url>"Sorry we screwed up, here, this will allow you to build your own. We can sell you cloud usage and guides to use our software or build the hardware." I know that won't happen though. This was all a good lesson learned though. I am now using Sonoff devices and Google home/nest as my "hub". I get voice controlled devices that also use ifttt and have manual controls as well. You guys are real swell. @Dag Henrik Bråtane - It seems WigWag still exists in Austin, Texas. They appear to still be pursuing their pivot to commercial and industrial smart controls, yet still prominently mention home control. I can't tell precisely how many employees there are, but it seems to be between 10 and 15 engineers and various managers. What makes a good count difficult is the number of remote employees: Not all work at the Austin HQ. Perhaps 8-12 work there, including other staff. WigWag's financial position is harder to determine. I found no signs of recent outside investment, nor of recent sales of any kind. I didn't check that hard: I found nothing obvious, no clear signs of growth or success. What I most wanted to find was progress on their contract dispute with Foxconn. I found nothing at all. But I'm not at all good at searching Chinese sites. If anyone here can read and write Chinese, please give this a look. However, given all the time that has passed without hardware being produced, I strongly suspect that the contract is completely dead. What is more worrisome is the lack of any weekly or monthly communication from the company. No social media posts. No blog posts. Not even any meaningless PR posts. Even their employees have "gone dark". This makes me believe that there my be nobody actually doing much, if any, work at WigWag, and the the folks there are "employees" in name only, with all but a couple of them likely having "real day jobs" to earn a living. Anyone there could mainly be keeping the lights on. Bottom line, with so little data available, so few signs of life, my only possible conclusion is to say that this project is dead, and the WigWag company itself is fading into its own death. One small piece of information is that WigWag as a VERY low rating with the Austin BBB (Better Business Bureau). Any company struggling for life, especially a small one, would go through the BBB process to improve that public rating. WigWag has failed to do so. If there were even small signs of life, I'd do name searches on every current and past employee name to find email addresses, which I would then use to start a more active investigation. But I really see no reason to do so, except to write the obituary. I pledged $622, and I have received nothing so far. Could WigWag or someone else please tell me what WigWag is doing now? Thanks. WigWag just earned and learned using backers money. From beginning they never had intention to deliver the product. Haven't received my backed Products yet! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Can we start a class action lawsuit against wig wag and kickstarter to get refunded? Haven't received my backed Products yet! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Kickstarter is just as responsible for failed projects as Ebay, Steam, Amazon, Alibaba is for products with errors / not being delivered. Kickstarter is the scammers: They take 5% yet follow none of the consumer laws. They act like Uber did; thinking they are above the law by only facilitating. A great current example is "The bagel" a non-working tape measure not refunding people. They are running their 2nd campaign on Kickstarter now. Kickstarter should have an insurance and/or a method to punish bad project creators, currently there are none. I have not received my product. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount This user's account has been deleted. Unfortunately, if you backed this you aren't getting any money back. Don't use kickstarter if you don't want that risk. Sucks but that's the reality. Chant all you want. Kickstarter got paid. WigWag got paid. We got screwed. So, we're just a bunch of ****. I’m amused by backers who think the KS terms of use will be a magical spell that returns your money, rather than a general CYA for KS itself. We got scammed, move on. Kickstarter don't care either... "Thanks for following up, and sorry to hear that backing this project has turned into a frustrating experience for you. Kickstarter’s mission is to help support creative freedom and independence. Our site operates on a system of trust – we expect and encourage creators to be honest with their backers about project delays when they arise. While we provide a platform for creators to fund their projects, we don’t step into the actual creative process itself or manage the fulfillment and shipment of rewards. If you haven’t already, it might be helpful to read through our Terms of use, which outlines the responsibilities of backers and creators. We hope that helps to answer your question. Please let us know if we can help with anything else in the meantime." I have not received my product. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount OK - now over year with no update - ??will you feel better 1) File a complaint with the Texas Atty General @ <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I have not received my product. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount Haven't received my backed Products yet! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund of $424 for my pledge amount. WigWag has totally failed and should be facing lawsuits. Where is the Developer Kit with the Arduino shield, Raspberry Pi shield, 6loWPAN dev bd, and Sensor blocks? What about the extra relay, 3 additional sensor blocks, waterproof Glowlines, 5 contact sensors, soil moisture sensors, relay extension, 2 presence tags, and enclosure sensor? This is the stuff I pledged for!!! Not for WigWag to go behind backers backs and develop a "light bulb"! Like we don't already have enough light bulbs out there! There is nothing innovative about a light bulb that can be turned on and off wirelessly. You promised we could monitor temperatures in multiple rooms, sense vibrations, and presence, all from your sensor block which you NEVER Delivered on! Then instead of stopping when you knew you were in over your head, you have continued to go deeper over your head by continuing to push your light bulbs which have too much competition as is, rather than making what you promised to backers. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund of $758 for my pledge amount. Haven't received my backed Products yet! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Been over a year since any communication has gone out. Not a single word. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I have not received my product. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I have not received my product. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount Just Incase it actually works... you know, I have backed another campaign that was not able to fulfill its pledges. The difference between this campaign and the other campaign is the amount of communication. I get you guys are engineers and communication may not be your strong suit but I’m not sure you could have possibly done a worst job. Better luck next time. I have not received my product. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount Scumbag thieves. Successfully robbed $454,976 from 1,694 backers on August 18, 2013. I have not received my product. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount Just give my money back I have not received my product. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount Haven't received my backed Products yet! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I have not received my product. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I have not received my product. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I have not received my product. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount Haven't received my backed Products yet! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I have not received my product. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount Haven't received my backed Products yet! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Order never received. I hear by invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I have not received my product. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I have not received my product. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I don't think this will work since I'm sure they don't even come back to their Kickstarter anymore but: Order never received. I hear by invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. @Phillip Scott Thanks mate :-) I'll file a report with the Texas Attorney General. With all the funding they've got, you'd think they'd want people like me to just go away silently and thus give me a refund. Instead Ed keeps making false promises. Kickstarter keeps ignoring this project. In turn, not only have Kickstarter lost backers forever through their lack of support with this project, they've also cost companies like InideGoGo money/backers, as we're not going to fall victim to another potential scam. After I've filed the report, I'll post another update and keep everyone informed of what's happening there. As far as I'm concerned, those WigWag patents belong to all of us backers, not Ed and his team of lying, thieving, criminals. I have not received my product. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount @Shane Donovan 1) You could file a complaint with the Texas Attorney General via <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Haven't received my backed Products yet! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Haven't received my backed Products yet! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I have not received my product. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount Has ANYONE received a refund yet? *Update of my LinkedIn conversation with this fucking liar, thief and conman; Ed. "Feb 3 It's been a week Ed. What is happening? Today Nearly another 3 weeks. What the fuck is happening with my refund Ed? I'm getting beyond pissed off..." Zero contact in nearly 3 weeks. This is beyond a fucking joke. I have not received my product. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount Haven't received my backed Products yet! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Haven't received my backed Products yet! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Haven't received my backed Products yet! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Haven't received my backed Products yet! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I too demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Even if we do get a refund it is a zero interest 4 year loan of 400K Ok, there is the 5% cut for kickstarter, but that was up front, not a yearly interest rate. I sure would like what I paid for, especially years ago. But as these have already been shipped to people in USA months ago, but none to me, I will settle with a refund. ..Even though inflation during 4 years makes the purchasing power less. Comment 2001, a refund odyssey Yes, I know that all the money is spent, but bank loans needs to be repaid too, consider the kickstarter funding a cheap low interest loan. 2000th comment and still no product, no refund, no updates, nothing! And Kickstarter is their silent accomplice. Haven't received my backed Products yet! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Order never received. I hear by invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Haven't received my backed Products yet! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Here's the same tweet with different news outlets. I'll try adding new ones until some big outlet picks it up and runs it: YOU ARE A SCAMMER! @ystrickler REFUND OUR MONEY! After contacting your staff, my emails "magically" started bouncing. 4 YEARS WE'VE WAITED FOR REFUNDS. 4. FUCKING. YEARS. <url>… … #KICKSTARTER #SCAM #WIGWAG @CNN @NewYorker @nytimes @NewYorkFBI @NewYorkFed @WSJ I will stop and disappear into the night, only when I have my FUCKING MONEY BACK. Tweet this too, daily if you can: YOU ARE A SCAMMER! @ystrickler REFUND OUR MONEY! After contacting your staff, my emails "magically" started bouncing. 4 YEARS WE'VE WAITED FOR REFUNDS. 4. FUCKING. YEARS. <url>… #KICKSTARTER #SCAM #WIGWAG @ABC @FoxNews @techcrunch @gawker @mashable @MSNBC @NBC THIS IS BEYOND A FUCKING JOKE. I just got a notification at the top of this page informing me my email address, which has never been changed, magically stopped working and emails were being bounced back from Kickstarter. FUCKING MORE LIES. Guess they don't want me emailing them every few days until we get our refunds. Here's the latest from Ed messaging me on LinkedIn. This was last Monday, in full " We are formulating a plan on how to refund everyone over time. We have to be fair, to make sure we can refund everyone - and do so in a fair manner. Do you have thoughts / opinions on how refund order should go? (we do not have cash on hand during any given month to come near refunding everyone). Should it be backer order? So the first who backed, are the first who should get refunded? 3:35 PM Shane Donovan sent the following message at 5:32 PM Backer order could work. However I would be refunding those who are asking for refunds in the comments on your project page first. People that have tried contacting you via many means. Like myself via many platforms. Especially someone like myself who has tried and tried to communicate and has been asking for a refund for years. Refunding someone like myself that has consistently asked for a refund, will allow me to communicate to others wanting refunds that they will come in time, as you don't have the money on hand to refund us all at once. Obviously those who are consistently checking the comments and leaving them are really wanting their money back. You could refund me and then I demonstrate by saying in the comments, "Ed has stated refunds will happen, but it will be on a first come first served basis from this comment. To get your refund comment: REFUND #1 Next person REFUND #2 and so on." That is if you don't do it via backer order number. Either way, I was Backer #308. Refunding me, I will be able to communicate and show that you are actually in the process of refunding people. At the end of the day, other backers that want their money back can do like I've done and contact you themselves. Many of them have probably tried. I'm just presenting you with an option of how to do it. At the end of the day, I just want my money back ASAP. You might not have enough to refund everyone at once, but I've been asking for my money back for years. Please refund me this week Ed. Thanks. " Well yet again, another fucking week with ZERO fucking communication. GIVE ME MY FUCKING MONEY BACK! TODAY! You've had 4 FUCKING YEARS to refund me. REFUND ME NOW. FUCK KICKSTARTER DOING NOTHING. I'm going to POST emails/social media links of all kickstarter staff/managers/ceo/etc, along with their home addresses right here on this page and those of Ed and the rest of the WIgWag scammers if I don't get my refund this week. I'm over fucking waiting. Give me back my money you scamming ****. So I've been tweeting most days. I've emailed Kickstarter several times, via their contact page I explained in a below post. I contacted Ed Hemphill on LinkedIn. He actually messaged me back. However since saying he'd do the right thing, I've heard nothing back. Here is the messages, in full, from my conversation with scamming Ed. I wasn't going to post this until I had my money back, but I've heard nothing back and am over it all. I just want my fucking money back. " Wed Shane Donovan sent the following message at 2:10 AM REFUND ME MY WIGWAG MONEY 2:10 AM Ed Hemphill sent the following messages at 2:10 AM View Ed’s profile Ed Hemphill Shane: View Ed’s profile Ed Hemphill Please send your Kickstarter username, your KS email, and the amount you backed on project. We will need this to verify you. Thanks! 2:10 AM Shane Donovan sent the following messages at 8:20 AM KS Username: shanedonovan KS Email: <email> Amount I backed: $428 USD Amount I backed and other transaction details from the date Amazon completed the payment: Greetings from Amazon Payments, We wanted to let you know that we successfully completed a payment to WigWag LLC for $428.00 on Aug 17, 2013. This payment is related to the payment authorization listed below: Payment details: --------------- Transaction ID: *WITHHELD for posting here on Kickstarter* Recipient: WigWag LLC Amount: $428.00 How are you going to refund me my money? *KS username Shane Donovan 8:20 AM Ed Hemphill sent the following message at 9:39 AM View Ed’s profile Ed Hemphill Thanks Shane. We are trying to figure out the details on how to do everything. 9:39 AM Shane Donovan sent the following messages at 9:57 AM Good to hear. I'm happy for you to organize a bank transfer or even PayPal. Let me know if you need any other details. Today So what is happening? How are you going to refund my money? " Ed, where the fuck is my refund? Kickstarter CEO, why the fuck aren't you refunding everyone who backed this project and suing Ed? GIVE ME MY FUCKING MONEY BACK! Interesting article (that was linked to on another project I backed), about how things can go wrong. <url>" "Kay S.", Normally I don't need to bother with "curse/swear" words in emails. People usually do the right thing. However in this case, BUCKLE THE FUCK UP. Not only were you lackluster in care about me being ripped of nearly half a K, your lack of direction in showing how a broken platform like Kickstarter is fiddly as all fuck to message the creator, well thanks a lot. Don't worry, I figured it out and informed the rest of the commenters, (you know, other people who were scammed because of your platform) unlike you or any other Kickstarter cronies bothered doing, after actually acknowledging there was a MAJOR FUCKING PROBLEM with this project and the SCAMMING FUCKHEAD creator. At this point your email is BEYOND UNACCEPTABLE. The creator is breaking your own TOS. I have contacted him on EVERY SINGLE FUCKING PLATFORM about my refund. NUMEROUS TIMES. NICELY TO BEGIN WITH. Know what I've received back!? FUCKING NOTHING. ZILCH. And you have the fucking audacity to tell me to contact the creator, directly!? Can't blame you I guess, there's only about TWO FUCKING THOUSAND COMMENTS to go through where almost all of us have CONTINUALLY STATED we've contacted them and received nothing back. I bet you didn't even bother scrolling past the first hundred comments. Sad. I won't deal with you a minute longer "Kay S." Pass this up to your boss. If they can't handle it, pass it up to their boss. If no one wants to refund me, pass this email to the FUCKING KICKSTARTER CEO. I'd have thought by this point, you'd have shown at least a little human compassion and genuine good will before this story could easily be picked up (and taken to the slaughterhouse) by the media. Where not only will Ed Hemphill and co personally be crucified, but Kickstarter itself will lose face. BIG TIME. Not just as a company, but personally. You showed Sweet Fuck All, ANYTHING. If I don't hear back from you to say this has been passed to your boss in 24 hours from now, I'm copying this email, in it's entirety via that contact form again. Let's pray the next lackluster staff member (your boss, or their boss) doesn't show me and the 1,693 other backers the same degradation as you've just shown. Awaiting your bosses reply. Shane Donovan. " Let's hope we get some good news this time. The least they can do is acknowledge their platform got us all ripped off and refund us. It's not like Kickstarter don't make enough money to refund 1,694 people. Forget the stress and health issues/time/energy/etc we've all spent on this pathetic project, just give us back our money. So you can Message the creator here on Kickstarter, on the WigWag Campaign page, click "My Pledge". This gives you the option to message them. No thanks to "Kay S.' Using the below way of leaving an email via : <url>" Hi Shane, I'm sorry to hear you're experiencing frustration with this project. If you are interested in getting a refund for this project, please reach out directly to the creator. While we work with creators to help them find funding for their projects, all money raised goes directly to the creator and is managed by the creator (with only a small fee passing through Kickstarter's hands). To get in contact with a creator, I recommend messaging them through our platform, leaving a comment on their page, or reaching out through their social channels or website (where they might be more readily available for questions). Though I can't assist directly with getting a reimbursement, I am here to help. Hiccups can happen along the way when bringing a creative idea to life, but that shouldn't turn into a bad experience for you as a backer. I hope this matter is resolved soon and am happy to help if you have any other questions or concerns. Sincerely, Kay S. " This is UNACCEPTABLE. 100% UNACCEPTABLE. Kickstarter make money from people like us. Having tried contacting both Kickstarter and WigWag, numerous times, via numerous methods, I, and everyone else here in the comments on this page, are unable to get our money back, due to the creator abandoning the project and not replying to us. The LEAST KICKSTARTER,a PROFITABLE COMPANY, should do would be REFUND EVERY SINGLE PERSON THAT BACKED THIS PROJECT AND HAS LEFT COMMENT AFTER COMMENT EXPRESSING THE CREATOR WON'T REFUND THEM. This isn't good enough. I'll be emailing them again momentarily. Please everyone else here, please use: <url>"READ THE COMMENTS AND REFUND US AND TAKE ACTION. WE'RE BEYOND PISSED OFF. Haven't received my backed Products yet! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. " "Kay S." not only didn't bother detailing how to message the creator on Kickstarter, she's basically saying, "FUCK YOU". This is BULLSHIT. REFUND ME! REFUND US! New tweet I'm also going to be tweeting daily: #KICKSTARTER is a #SCAM #SCAMALERT #REFUND ME! #REFUND US! #SCAMMED <url>… @kickstarter @ksrhelp #NEWS @TechCrunch I reported this project years ago. Nothing from Kickstarter. I've tried emailing the likes of TechCrunch as I used to have respect for them. No word back. I suggest you all go here <url>"My Pledges > WigWag > Feedback > Scroll down and email them. At this point I'm STRONGLY encouraging you to all TWEET the absolute shit out of this EVERY SINGLE DAY until action is taken. I'll start and tweet it EVERY SINGLE FUCKING DAY. TWEET 1: #KICKSTARTER is a #SCAM #SCAMALERT #REFUND 1,694 backers were #SCAMMED <url>… @kickstarter @ksrhelp #NEWS @TechCrunch TWEET 2: #KICKSTARTER #SCAM #SCAMALERT 4+ Fucking years later. #RIPOFF <url>… @kickstarter @ksrhelp #NEWS #TECHCRUNCH @TechCrunch "#KICKSTARTER IS A #SCAM #REFUND THE 1,694 BACKERS THAT WERE #SCAMMED #AVOID @kickstarter @ksrhelp <url>#news" I strongly ADVISE we RETWEET AND FAVORTIE/LIKE/ETC everyone else who tweets this. DO IT DAILY. Eventually TechCrunch might realize there is a HUGE story here and we might actually see something happen. Fuck WigWag. Fuck Kickstarter. Haven't received my backed Products yet! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I reported this project a year or two ago So far no response or action from Kickstarter FYI, this was my complaint: ============================= This is a polite complaint from a very unhappy Kickstarter. Wig Wag Project was started 5 years ago! No news. No product. No support from Kickstarter. I am formally requesting Kickstarter an acknowledge of this complaint and immediate refund for this project. Get your act together or legal actions may come to you. You have a group that is beyond unhappy. Hi to all, like me that are unhappy with our treatment. If you are wondering why Kickstarter has not stepped in then... Please, if you have not done so: 0) Copy/paste the same as below users invoking your rights and demand a refund here. 1) Follow this link <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I really think we should do everything we can do damage the reputation of these people and this company, their treatment of us has been repugnant while they pay themselves with our money. Ideas: Install their app and down rate it (then uninstall obviously unless you want it): <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Haven't received my backed Products yet! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Haven't received my backed Products yet! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Haven't received my backed Products yet! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Haven't received my backed Products yet! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Haven't received my backed Products yet! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Haven't received my backed Products yet! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Haven't received my backed Products yet! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Haven't received my backed Products yet! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Haven't received my backed Products yet! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Haven't received my backed Products yet! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Haven't received my backed Products yet! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Haven't received my backed Products yet! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Haven't received my backed Products yet! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Haven't received my backed Products yet! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Haven't received my backed Products yet! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Haven't received my backed Products yet! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Haven't received my backed Products yet! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Haven't received my backed Products yet! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Haven't received my backed Products yet! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Any lawyers here who see a class action possibility? Haven't received my backed Products yet! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Haven't received my backed Products yet! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Haven't received my backed Products yet! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Haven't received my backed Products yet! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Haven't received my backed Products yet! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Haven't received my backed Products yet! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Haven't received my backed Products yet! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Haven't received my backed Products yet! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Haven't received my backed Products yet! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Haven't received my backed Products yet! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. @Phillip Scott, I think the "regulatory approval issues" they experienced are "Through complete mismanagement of this project we have run out of money and so we have now moved on to other projects and have stopped even checking our WigWag emails." WigWag Creator please explain - regulatory approval issues WigWag Creator on July 18 Folks: We are still waiting on some regulatory approval to ship units already manufactured out of China. We appreciate everyone's continued patience. These will ship to US backers first, since other regulatory is approved. <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I also demand a refund. Haven't received my backed Products yet! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. YOU ARE SCAMMERS! I WANT MY MONEY BACK! I WILL NEVER SUPPORT ANOTHER KICKSTARTER PROJECT AGAIN! PEOPLE, KEEP YOUR MONEY IN YOUR POCKET! Yaaawn :/ So sad that they have abandoned us. This could have been such a great product. I think someone should buy the idea and lay waste to the management team. Then using smart managers deploy a product that could succeed. I think it might be better to use BT 5.1 instead of the 6lowpan chip now. That could provide more commonality with other devices too. Wigwag, all you had to do was keep communicating with us and we could have accepted the delays. Hello Wigwag, Please post your office address. We would like to form a committee of Wigwag investors and investigate the product development done in 4 years. I am sure none of the investors have received any shipped products from you. Thanks, Kris With the last update being in April, the schedule posted there ending in July. Yet I still have not heard anything. None of the sensors that were promised and paid for. Neither the hub sold on Amazon. So I finally pressed the "report project" button. Good luck WigWag. I love the idea of an offline IOT hub, it has just taken too long. Too long and no communication. What about an update??? When do you deigning to provide new information? The lack of information is a joke! If you are not able to finalise a product, consider a refund for the people. You do business and earn money with our invest and as a matter of that we should get much more information in a much shorter time!!! Bob - I entirely agree, and am already keep a bit of a lookout for likely companies. I'm finally moving from "let's maintain hope" to "let's kill WW dead". If WW refuses to fulfill their commitments to us, they certainly don't have any right to make commitments to anyone else. So, I believe we should extract our pledge values as pounds of flesh. Find everyone who wants to do business with WW, or wants to invest in them, and give them hell. Ensure everyone knows just how toxic WW is, how poor their business, engineering and financial practices are, not to mention their total lack of ethics. WW clearly does not deserve to exist as a business. Let's kill them dead, so we no longer have to monitor the KS campaign or WW forum pages. Well, 4 years and nothing. I live close by. Time to go pay Ed Hemphill a little visit. Be seeing you soon "Ed". Ridiculous. @Bob - It can't be the parrot as the parrot was at least alive at some point. I'm thinking WigWag may be more like Eric the half a Bee. WW has become a Monty Python skit, but I can't decide which one. It's either "Bring out your dead!" or something about a parrot. Help? I pop back here every now and then to remind myself not to get ripped off again. Я бы сказал - пидарасов. Компания пиздаболов. WW is on a slow death spiral. Not enough money to deliver to backers, but just enough money to live another day. It's all about waiting for that final splat when they hit the ground. Truly morbid entertainment, but I'll be here 'til the end. refund! refund! @WigWag: Would LOVE to get a more comprehensive update on the product - years, and nothing to show for yet. Live in Austin, and not a good showing for the Austin tech community. How is it you're selling via other sites and not taking care of backers? It's time the Austin Journal, Chamber of Commerce, and BBB be informed. Respectfully. 4 years this week since this 'project' was funded.. Still nothing received here.... Lack of ethics must allow this bunch to sleep well at night.. pretty lame to see this product offered on the internet and backers STILL haven't been taken care of. <url>– Present (1 year 7 months)Austin, Texas Area + Developing presence map (Indoor Positioning System) using RSSI trilateration. Demo 54th min (Patent pending) + Perform verification, validation of schematics, PCBs and firmware of wireless embedded hardware. + Planned sprints as per the product’s short-term/long-term needs and maintained project boards in JIRA. + Comprehensive knowledge of full stack development (MEAN stack, Angular.js, Node.js, C++, C, Device drivers, PCB designs). WigWag Inc. Sr. Embedded Network Engineer WigWag Inc. January 2015 – December 2015 (1 year)Austin, Texas Area + Implemented 6LoWPAN, Zigbee and Z-Wave stacks in C and integrated with JS using v8 native bindings. + Contributed and helped openZwave and Contiki open source community. + Implemented 128 bit AES encryption at 802.15.4 MAC to secure 6LoWPAN network. + Developed packet sniffer web application in JS to understand and debug packet flow in a mesh network. + Enhanced Contiki stack and RPL routing hysteresis to compensate for mobile and agile mesh network. + Designed and implemented multicast protocol to control and to increase throughput in a mesh network. Jon Martin - WigWag. August 2013 – August 2016 @WigWag - Is it really so hard to understand things from our point of view? At the basic level our information needs are very simple: When do you project delivering ALL rewards to ALL backers? Given we are coming up on 4 years overdue on your original promised delivery date I would accept a pretty wide margin of error in your projection. e.g. we anticipate shipping to European customers somewhere between Jan 2018 and July 2019. Give the ridiculously low levels of information you are giving out I suspect the real answer is that you aren't currently projecting ever delivering all the rewards to all the backers because you simply don't know how to achieve this with the remaining resources available to you. I am sure you are fully aware that the terms of Kickstarter mean that if you have had a good go at delivering the project that we have no recourse for refunds. So if there really is no prospect of ever delivering then letting us know this really would be a kindness right now. I really don't understand your continued secrecy around all of this. There really isn't anything commercially sensitive here anymore as your competitors have had LOADS of time now to develop and bring to market their own solutions. I can only assume you are avoiding actual honesty about the current state of the project because of the backlash from your backers. Regardless of whether it is vocalised or not, by any measure your delivery of this project is a complete and total failure. Coming up on 4 years late with a total breakdown in communication with your key stakeholders. Any government or commercial project in this state would have been totally cancelled way before now. Your shipping excuse also sounds like total BS as I can think of no regulatory reasons why you wouldn't be able to ship units from China to the US. If they are of the same design as those previously shipped then they should be covered by your existing approvals. If the design has changed then I can understand you needing to getting fresh testing completed for FCC approval prior to shipping to customers but that wouldn't prevent you from shipping the stock from China to the US. It sounds more to me like you have cash flow issues and your manufacturers aren't shipping the goods till you've paid up and you can't afford to do this at the minute as you have run out of cash. Please feel free to explain to us that I am wrong with this by pointing us towards the regulation that is preventing shipping. Wigwag I see that you have just backed the kickstarter project Inlo. Why did you do that? Also where is the outdated hardware and sensors that I paid for years ago and that you sell part of on Amazon and have done so for months, but still have no certification for Europe? Finally lost my patience, too. In Germany, I would accuse you of what is called "Insolvenzverschleppung". You don't seem to have enough money to fulfill all contracts and shipments (or even EU certifications for example). You will never ship anything to non-US backers (and I'm pretty sure you're aware of this). And even most US-backers will probably never receive the outdated hardware. And Kickstarter doesn't even seem to recognize how their reputation is affected by companies like this. Seriously! I haven't seen any progress or updates about shipping... and you guys are selling it outside without shipping to its original backers at kickstarter. I have not seen a single item shipped. Still waiting. If not shipping, at least they should feel bad about it. I'm impressed that there are people still waiting to get hardware from WW - I gave up a year ago. They burned thru our money, and have moved on. I've ended up with something much better by getting Raspberry Pi's and sensors and learning Linux and Python and soldering. Their 4 year old idea is obsolete now. I lost $300 once, but Kickstarter lost me as a project backer forever. So I guess this project is a complete scam then.. what a bunch of aholes. Well yet another place to leave a negative review... <url>"49%" kits. There are many details involved, but the bottom line is simple: Kit builders are responsible for ensuring the device THEY BUILD meets all local rules and regulations. Plus, many country's emission regulations have exceptions for hobbyists. 2. International backers make their own arrangements to get their units in the US, such as was done by backer "sasnix". WW can't legally ship uncertified devices, but they are allowed to deliver them to anyone in the US. What I would do, if I were WW, would be to convert international backer Relays and Sensors to WW Amazon store credits. The backer then transfers the credit to a US person who would get the Relay and either ship it themselves, or get Amazon to ship it as a "gift". The only problem then would be Customs at the backer's end. It is impossible to tell what, if anything, WW will do for international backers. But I suspect WW won't give up until they absolutely have to. (Delay endlessly, yes. Give up, no.) Personally, I'd deliver kits with the radios unmounted, with clear instructions that only US radios are provided, and that it is the kit builder's responsibility to get radios suitable for their region. Then update the Relay and Sensor firmware to support some alternate radios. Heck, if it's easy enough, WW could swap US radios for regional ones in the kit. Wigwag hasn't tried to deliver to international backers The last we know they haven't even applied for certification, even though they have shipped some product to US backers That is a clear breach of Kickstarter rules - as well as fraud Thank you for a good writeup and reply Bob Cunningham :) Shane, I agree with Bob. I am a fellow engineer with legal experience. As Bob points out there is no win, no money to get. Secondly I see no malice. Nor any contract of delivery. Kickstater only notes that creators to their greatest extent should try to deliver. WigWag has done a really good job at that. Not succeeding, but at least trying. Other kickstarter Creators stop talking all together. WigWag actually has communicated through 4 years obviously burning through all the kickstarter money on wages. @Shane Look up the average wage of an engineer, then see how many you can hire for 4 years with $454,976 (not accounting for Kickstarter and credit card fees) Plus office rent, travelling to meetings with manufacturers, prototypes, IoT products and conference fees. There are no money left for a lawyer to get back. In a bankruptcy banks and investors would have first priority on any money left, before any backer. Bob, I have to point out that you failed to address and even acknowledge several points I raised. Like the Kickstarter lawsuit, I'm not just going after WigWag, Kickstarter are responsible too. On top of still thinking I'm wanting go for a "pot of gold". You stated you weren't a lawyer and perhaps my detailed post was too much for you to follow and try to respond to in this "comment format" here on Kickstarter. In fact you say, "WW shared the sad story of how slow it will be for them to meet even their reduced hardware commitments to KS Backers." Then go on to say, " No lawsuit against them will pass the "sniff test": " So, in the world of business, I give someone money for something they say they can deliver, a product in this case. They deliver the product and there is no problem. If they have a problem delivering that product or can't deliver what they originally stated, they refund me my money or part thereof for the portion they can't deliver. No problem. In the world of law, if they take my money and don't deliver me my product and won't refund me my money, we have a case. Period. PERIOD. You can call WigWag "good people/boy scouts" all you like. They're not good people. In fact I'd trust serial killers with my money and to deliver me something before I trusted the team behind WigWag. But here's the facts: 1) They've taken my money and not delivered my product 2) They don't respond to me 3) They don't respond to the group 4) They lie 5) They have not refunded my money 6) They can't guarantee international certification is happening or will happen, but if they did, refer to point 4; they lie. 7) They have accused the very people who backed them of things they never did, thus slandering the very people who believed in them. 8) They think they're unaccountable 9) They think they will get away with it 10) All these points do not make somebody "a good person" 11) Period You keep saying I'm unwilling to pay a dime from my pocket, which I've clearly stated is factually incorrect. Your having brought this up again further shows you don't know how all law firms work. Sure, you allure to the fact you've been part of law suits and know how legal proceedings go, but as you said, you're not a lawyer. I've given you no detailed background on myself, nor will you find one, so when you claim that I, "don't know", you have no idea how severely mistaken you actually are. You say the ethics of expecting people to work for free are weird to you. You're right. But 1) That's not what I'm asking. 2) We've actually paid Kickstarter and thus WigWag and received nothing. So isn't paying someone and receiving nothing actually weirder.... and the actual point in hand here. That's not a question. You should be made aware that your posts toward me, make you look like you're part of WigWag. I'm not saying you are, as it was you who said "let's leave them one star reviews". But in a case four years on, where you somehow find it remotely acceptable for them once again lie about fulfilling "reduced commitments", why try and defend them in any form? They're proven liars. Period. Defending them and making excuses for them, well, you're only dishonoring yourself. Furthermore, I won't accept a "reduced rewards" or a heartache story. They failed to deliver me what they promised they could and thus what I paid for. I didn't INVEST, I pre-ordered a product. That product doesn't get delivered, I get my money back. Period. If Kickstarter was 'Investments' and I had a chance to get a return on my money or lose it, this would be a non issue. But it's not. Thus Kickstarter are a part of this. I feel genuinely sorry for you Bob. Sorry that this POS company has stolen your money too, and somehow gotten inside your head and you still think there's a chance they'll deliver part of what you paid for. If they can't deliver what I paid for, then they can refund MY money, including all the extra shipping costs and what have you. They need time to do it, fine. Pay it back to me over the next year. $100+ a quarter. This will be resolved, by them doing the "eagle scout" thing and returning my money. If that fails, it will be resolved with or without the courts. Shane, I don't doubt your heart is in the right place, but you have no clue whatsoever about how the legal system, specifically tech lawsuits, work in the real world. IANAL, but I am an engineer who has spent time in the legal trenches in multiple roles: I know how the legal sausage is made. Would you PAY someone like yourself to go after WW? Of course not. You know how clueless you are in this area. Instead, you are trying to get others to do your work for you, and not pay anyone a dime from your pocket for their labor. While the ethics of that seems weird to me, that is the path you have chosen. The path you want other to support and work on for free. Then there's the flip side: Did you PAY for the time you spent in "conversations" with lawyers? If not, then they were not working for you at all, but for themselves. If you want the best professional advice, you must PAY for it. Assuming, that is, that you were talking to lawyers worth paying. Establish a professional relationship with a lawyer, and I guarantee the answers you get will have more relevance and depth. I know quite a bit about WW. Its tech, its people, its partners, its finances, its relationships, and more. I've also researched companies similar to WW, products similar to WW's, and many crowdfunding campaigns similar to WW's. When it comes to lawsuits, WW is a terrible target. Really. There's no smoking gun. There's no pot of gold. There's no "there" there. Any lawyer PAID to do a few days of research and investigation (AKA "due diligence") will tell you the same thing: There's no path to a "win". While there is abundant evidence of managerial incompetence at WW, here is no sign of misconduct or malfeasance, and stupidity has never been a crime. WW management took huge risks to scale the company long before their product line was ready to scale. The simple truth is the idea itself was a good one! Small companies similar to WW have done it many times before. It's the common tech dream of driving explosive growth to create and dominate a market. Unfortunately, WW was unprepared for such a leap: They literally had no product line that was ready to scale. WW's ideas were wonderful, their prototypes were inspiring, but things fell apart on the road to world domination. When WW realized the big leap was obviously going bad, everything became an effort to stop the hemorrhaging of time and funds, to find more money and wiser partners, and to rechart their course. And they ALMOST did that too! Are still trying to do it, in fact. Well, that perspective is too simple: WW actually tried a second huge leap, and failed at that. From what I can tell, they at least planned a third huge leap. I really don't know how many times they tried to leap before finally accepting that no great leap was going to happen for WW. Update 51 was WW's first public admission of having gotten in way over their heads. As they did so, they presented a very scaled-back hardware plan and a shift to a more software-based business going forward. WW shared the sad story of how slow it will be for them to meet even their reduced hardware commitments to KS Backers. Yes, they lashed out a little. But owning and carrying such a huge burden of failure and blame is difficult. Their crude attempt to spread some blame around was just that: Crude, desperate even. My research found very few companies as bad off as WW who continued to try to meet even a reduced version of their crowdfunding commitments. The vast majority in that situation simply acknowledged their failure, closed up shop, and walked away. A common reason to close down is to get away from folks threatening lawsuits. Just dissolve the company and let the vultures fight over however few pennies remain. WW could still do this. Looking in from the outside, I would have done it long ago. I do know several of the reasons they haven't done it. The simplest one is that many of the folks at WW literally are genuine Boy Scouts, even Eagle Scouts, and many are veterans: They may not know how to give up, even when the battle is lost, or when there is next to nothing left to gain. "If you're still breathing, you're still fighting." There is likely "honor" involved, no matter how blinded by it they may be. These are good people with great Home Automation ideas who are terrible at scaling a business. WW knows they are on very secure legal ground. No lawsuit against them will pass the "sniff test": The first judge to see such a suit will kick it out. Is there a way to change the kit which I backed 3 Years ago? 3 Years ago I ordered the Light Kit. But now I have a solution for my Lights and the Sensor Kit would be way more sensible to me. The Reward Price is the Same so would it be possible? Hello Bob Cunningham, Let me make one thing abundantly clear to you. At this point, I'm not playing. I'm not trolling. I'm most definitely not just speaking with hot air. I left a comment saying I'd email TechCrunch and come here and leave it as a template for others to use. I did that. Unlike WigWag, I actually came through with what I said. It wasn't as soon as I'd hoped it was going to be, but regardless, I still came through. Upon searching through the comments for "Bob Cunningham" it has become clear that in my email to TechCrunch, that you probably feel I'm personally attacking you, as it was yourself who said, "Please join me and give EVERY ONE of their Amazon items a one-point review ("Unproven product from an unproven company.").". I'm not attacking you, Bob. I was merely outlining in that email, that yet again, WigWag blanketed all of us backers in together, going on to make false accusations against the entire lot of us, because some people like yourself, who justifiably so, may or may not have left them one star reviews. We're on the same side, Bob. All of us backers are. This comment is my attempt to clear up all confusion between you and I. Let me personally assure you, all talk of a lawsuit, against both WigWag AND Kickstarter, is not just hot air and talk any more. The transition to paper and legal proceedings is very much under way. The lawsuit is not going to get us a now redundant and outdated product. As you can read, other backers have already left comments stating their homes are now outfitted with far superior products. While there was a need for a product like WigWag four years ago, that time has long since passed. The aim of this lawsuit will be to return us our money and compensate all grievances we've endured over these four years. As you know, technology changes overnight. Drug trials take seven years. WigWag is in the technology realm and has used up four of those seven drug years. They're not releasing a drug, they were meant to be releasing technology that was 'just' ahead of it's time four years ago. They've beyond failed to deliver what they promised. Let me address your precise points more clearly. 1) I've since had several positive conversations with different law firms. 2) Not all law firms require payment upfront. 3) The Kickstarter TOS I agreed to, upon backing WigWag, do cover all of us. 4) Four years holding my money for a product that was meant to be delivered four years ago. There IS "action". WigWag are Fraudulent. WigWag are liars. WigWag still don't respond to us as a group. WigWag still don't respond to us individually. WigWag still don't refund the international backers while they are unable to clarify if international certification will ever happen. WigWag, as you personally made me aware to and I take your word on, are selling on Amazon before fulfilling Kickstarter. Amazon buyers of WigWag products are likely being scammed too. Nothing WigWag says, holds any credibility. 5) If WigWag have no money as a company, there are other avenues. 6) This lawsuit isn't about going after deep pockets. It's about holding companies like Kickstarter accountable for projects like WigWag and backer protection. I'm not trying to get "free money" based off some sitcom. I'm a backer who after four years of nothing, feel Kickstarter and WigWag should be held accountable. As you can read, backers like myself, have stopped backing, not just on Kickstarter, but other platforms too. This WigWag project is personally costing Kickstarter and other platforms with their own projects, from profiting. This sham WigWag project is something all platforms should be highly concerned with. The lawsuit doesn't end with WigWag. It envelops Kickstarter too. Kickstarter definitely can't just up and "evaporate in a puff of smoke", and as for WigWag doing that, good luck. The companies staff (personal details) are already in a dossier. So, as much as you still personally may want WigWag to deliver, I want my money back. There's ZERO guarantee they'll ever deliver anything, especially to international backers. If you want these products for what they do, you should have a look around, there are many others on the market that are very good. Bob, I hope that's helped clear up some confusion between us. While you may still be desperately hanging onto the idea you'll one day get a product, for me and other backers like myself, that reality has long since passed. While you may think a lawsuit might slow things down in getting an actual product, I too thought leaving 1 star reviews would also slow that down. At this point, it doesn't even matter though. They can refund my money right now, or the story for them and their loved ones, is just beginning. The comment by Shane Donovan is more of a troll than anything else. All talk of a lawsuit against WW is nothing but hot air and total ignorance. It's one thing to be pissed about how little WW has done in 4 years. It's another thing to think a lawsuit could possibly help in any way whatsoever. 1. No lawyer would touch this case with a 10-foot pole. 2. There is no money to pay a lawyer (unless Shane Donovan is offering to foot the entire bill). 3. There is no "class with standing" for a Class Action suit (read the KS Backer Agreement and ToS). 4. There is no "action" for a Class Action suit: WW management is incompetent and progress is glacial, but they are not fraudulent. (Not like that guy who built himself a house with crowdfunding money.) 5. There is no money to get from WW (they're spending it as fast as it arrives). 6. There are no "deep pockets" to go after: Foxconn isn't (and can't be) a target. So, at best, a lawsuit would slow WW down EVEN MORE. And if it got expensive, WW could simply evaporate in a puff of smoke, with nothing for anyone. So, how about avoiding any more ignorant talk about lawsuits, OK? Hi guys, I've just emailed TechCrunch using their contact form: <url>"Great commentary from @MarkMacias regarding the @united debacle. Maybe a wakeup call for a tone-deaf industry?" How the heck can the cofounder of WigWag be critical of United for being tone-deaf !! Because Wigwag listen to and communicate with your backers ???? It's wigwag that need the wake up call !! p.s I still don't have an answer on where international certification is up to ?? Thanks for sending us an email of lies after almost 4 years or however long it's been. Hope U go bankrupted. I'm sure ur out of the money u stole from us. Robbers. Simple as that. I haven't invested since and never will again on Kickstarter. I made what is apparently a only charitable donation to the tune of $600 to WigWag and 4 years later have got nothing, not even an estimated time frame for applying for EU / UK certification of any of the promised devices, let alone honest updates. BS update after BS update. It's high time WigWag admit their failing and do the right thing... refund (international?) backers. I don't need to wait for WigWag, my home is now fully kitted out with SmatThings & Philips Hue etc. and it all works a treat. WigWag missed the boat. Big time. Selling on Amazon is simply taking the pi$$! Don't get me wrong, I wanted to see this product make it, but it's too little too late. You missed the boat WigWag and your lack of honest communication is to your detriment. Perhaps some of the international backers can join forces and launch some sort of legal proceedings? 1. WW had working prototypes nearly 4 years ago. Only incompetent management can make the prototype-to-production process take 4 years. And they STILL aren't there yet! 2. WW made commitments to 1700+ KS Backers, took our money, then tried to play (and failed at) high-stakes business strategies rather than simply building and delivering initial products in the KS quantities. They turned a low-risk "sure thing" into a high-risk "Hail Mary" pass that was fumbled and dropped. Again, clear symptoms of terrible management. I'm very concerned that none of WW's investors, board of directors, or anyone else has succeeded in shaking up WW management, or at least holding them to account for making reasonable plans and executing them correctly. Bottom-line, WW management has yet to give us ANY reason to believe ANYTHING they say. The only thing I'd believe from them right now would be a public admission of their managerial incompetence. I'm ready to wait for the boards, the electronics and the software because I'm in engineering and design so I know that development process is long. But I realized that the project took a different direction than what we expected. It was supposed to be a work in progress, all-in-one automation with sensors and dev kit to play with. Instead, you put too much effort to make a perfect product by working on the case, the look, the molding... that cost lot of time and money. That said, what is done is done. I know that selling the product on another channel like Amazon is a good idea to bring fresh money in the project. I backed the "Panono 360 Camera" on Indiegogo and that was one of their solution. They sell it at the retail price on Amazon and all backers had the product for half price. Better late than never. For those who are impatient and do not forgive, please consider that there are people who want to see this product one day. Take the same energy to help instead of bashing. Yes, this project should have been done by now if all backers was on the same side. But some post bad comments and reviews that doesn't help at all and that does not correspond to the opinion of all backers. I can say that this project is better than some other here on Kickstarter. Ok it's a slow project but better than the guy who takes all the money and disappears. See the "Flekt Pop-up Flash" by Preston Vance. Please WigWag, don't forget all the backers who believe in this project. Continue to keep us informed, although every time there will be a tide of bad reviews always from the same people. I received a relay in the mail around November. In the package it the relay and another smaller box. In the smaller box was the plastic molded packaging for a light bulb . . . Except there was no light bulb lol. I emailed them about it but never got one (was part of my pledge). I pledged over $320 and the one thing I got is pretty useless to me. I might just throw it away unless someone here (who is mad about not having a relay) wants it at an EXTREME discount. Its somewhat unbelievable that at this point, they issue a response that in essence says, we have zero idea when anything will ship, if ever. After 4 yrs. How bad at management can you be? And saying that people who sent in money for Glowlines, Presence tags, etc will be offered sensor blocks??? WTF? Exactly what good does that do me, even if it happens? You made a big deal with lots of chatter on these devices, how they were being tested, how they were so close to real, just needed some tweaking to increase the distance for better spatial resolution. Now, they aren't even available. In my book, thats makes all the first a direct lie, direct misinformation to get people to send in more money for products you knew you couldn't build. This was a bog investment for me, the one project I actually really looked forwards to. I have been in HA for over 20 yrs, both professionally and personally and this excited the hell out of me. Like another poster, I started making plans of how to use it. I don't understand how you go from what you were showing and saying 2 years ago, to having zip now with the money you have behind you. To me, the silence just means you haven't been trying to get a product out, you've been trying to figure out how to get your money out. I hope I'm wrong, but unfortunately I doubt it very much. I will never invest in a project like this again, until Kickstarter shows that there are real protections set up to prevent getting scammed. I understand, somethings may fail and those I accept, but to me at least, IMHO, this is not that situation and if KS is going to pretend it is, then they have one less backer of any significant project. Yet another update that is a complete waste of time, but this time with the utterly ludicrous suggestion that negative comments from the backers are to blame for the downfall. Honestly guys, take some responsibility for the state of things! You have only received negativity because you have utterly failed to communicate and deliver what you have promised. Can someone please tell me exactly what the point of a Relay is without the sensor blocks and other peripherals, because I really can't see one? What is the point of a whole house heating control system without any temperature, humidity and occupancy sensors? What is the point of a whole house security system without any movement and door sensors? And what is the point of any of this when I live in the UK and you are making no progress on certification? Please face up to the fact that your dream of producing a consumer grade home automation system is dead in its current state. As you have said, your Amazon experiment has failed and Foxconn has realised this. You desperately need to take a different approach. @BobCunningham made some good suggestions on the update comments. I personally think you would do VERY well taking a more Adafruit approach here and offering more bare bones boards to enthusiasts. This has the HUGE advantage of moving the product into the realms of being a "development board" which means you don't have to care about certification. Anything from just PCB designs and BOMs through to populated bare boards for the relay and sensor blocks would go a VERY long way to recovering the situation. This would then give you an active user base who would be willing to help develop the software with you to give you a more polished product which you could then commoditise and sell to a wider consumer audience. I really don't care about the cases. I have a 3D printer. I can make my own. For those not in this position we can always stick some case designs onto Shapeways for people to order. Come on Wig Wag, work with us rather than continuing to fob us off. I still think the original idea is a good one. Let us help make it happen. Ship? Again, I used to back a lot of projects on Kickstarter. After I backed WigWag for $309USD on Jun 24, 2013 and they failed to deliver, well I haven't backed anything since, on any website. I regularly backed various projects for various amounts, all delivered and thus I kept backing. WigWag has literally killed all of that. Not only have they scammed my money and the money of all forward thinkers who also backed this project, but in turn they have prevented me backing more projects and are thus also stopping Kickstarter making a profit. This long update WigWag just emailed didn't even give us an apology. More false promises. I'm over all the lies and nonsense. If WigWag and Kickstarter won't give me a refund, and Kickstarter refuse to take action against the company causing them to lose profits, I'm suing you both. I'm done. This has gone on far too long and I've had enough. Forget WigWag, at this point Kickstarter at the very least are liable to myself and the other 1,693 backers for emotional distress, just for starters. 1,694 people is more than enough for a class action lawsuit against Kickstarter, just to cover what we've all been put through over the coming up 4 years. I'm not joking. I will email TechCrunch and a few other tech websites within the next 24 hours, asking them to get involved and seeing if they might be able to point me in the right direction. I will then come here and paste the email I sent in a comment, hopefully it will serve as a decent template so more of you backers can email other websites. Hopefully now getting as many people involved as possible, will see us refunded and compensated for out distress. After all, all these comments and nothing from Kickstarter? It's disgusting, to say the least. By Jun 24 2017, 4 years later, I want my money back and this entire ordeal be over. If anyone in the US can point me to a good law firm who handles and wins these cases, I'll be happy to contact them and get the ball rolling. If I have to forgo my refund just so you other 1,693 backers can get your money back, so be it. Worth noting, I've saved this entire page of comments from backers, all 1,883 comments, should it magically be lost. Both as a .pdf and as a .html page. I've grabbed several screen shots of this page and the date on my PC in the shots; April 4th ~1:30pm. Also worth noting my profile has been saved in both .pdf and .html too, should anything magically happen to that as well. It would be wonderful if whomever follows this comment would start saving a screen shot of their comment and the one below them, with the date in the screen shot if you know how. Unlike WIgWag, I'll keep you all posted, unless they block this account, which would be a mistake. If you want to email me, <email> Where was WigWag 2 years ago when the backers should have gotten their rewards? You're so busy looking for investments that you forgot about your backers. How about fulfilling those promises first? While you whine about losing FoxConn, you can consider this. I had a lot of hope in Kickstarter and you guys are one of the reasons I stopped backing projects. Years later and I still dont have one product in my hands. That was a waste of my money. If you cant keep your promise to me to show me a working product, how can you expect to keep FoxConn around? Karma is a **** sometimes. Now you know how we feel. I'm at a loss about what more to do, being in the UK my options are very limited and with Kickstater being unwilling to mediate or even investigate, i think us international backers just have to give up hope of ever receiving anything. I'm so sad, i work in IoT / smart tech and this was the first hub i backed. I had lofty dreams of having a fully automated house years ago, ahead of the curve. Now I'm just using smartthings and Google home and i really feel like i missed out on something that could have been great. The most frustrating thing for me is i waited for this for so long I missed out on some amazing deals i could have had. I'm not done with Kickstater because of this, but i am being MUCH more careful now and i doubt i will back hardware of this scope again. I've watched what could have easily been a golden start up, which i am sure would have been scooped up by Google, Amazon or apple. Turn in to a complete farce with aweful public Amazon reviews. Sadly, there is no coming back from this, the best i am hoping for is that one day someone will apologize to me. Very very disappointing. This product is still being sold on Amazon.com. Why is the product available for purchase, but not available for shipment for your Kickstarter backers? @Robert Kelley, you are saying you received the Sensor Block, did you mean the Relay? I didn't think the Sensor Blocks were ready at all?? I received a sensor block.... and 2 filament bulbs from a separate project. By the time they arrived I already had 10 Phillips hue bulbs and 3 LED light strips all working with my Amazon Echo. I also have 10 Qube bulbs (another crowd funded project started years after WigWag) and an echobee thermostat and harmony remote. I briefly turned on the WigWag and tried to get it to operate their filament bulbs but the rules weren't very successful and it didn't appear to operate with Amazon Echo at the time I received it. This was a great idea but it seems like the team over reached and over promised while being overcome by many MANY other options actually brought to market and actually delivering the performance the claimed. Just another example of too little too late. Being offered for sale to non-backers before fulfilling the backers rewards seems a bit disingenuous and would lead me to avoid any other project they started. Though to be fair it looks like they are only offering the sensor block and bulbs that I have already received. Mine will just collect dust until I get around to disposing of it. Four years later and still no product. Absolutely ridiculous. You'd better confirm addresses before shipping...IF you ever actually ship. I've moved several times. Silence from the project we all backed is never a good sign. I've emailed with no response. I guess this shows us that not all kick starters are gold. I think "collected" just means they've taken your $$$$$$$$$ My pledge status says collected as well even though I did not get anything... Yes, Abdulaziz Almehmadi - I see that too. I am looking for a sensor block for Christmas too! ((((( Pledge status: Collected !!!!!! ))))) Check here: <url>#pledges Let me know if you too see this message even though you did not get anything! I'm a backer. The estimated delivery was November 2013. I am still waiting. @WigWag will you ship to Canada at this time? @WigWag: is the "team you are stuck with" also responsible for answering support emails/voicemails? I emailed several times and also called about a relay I have but need to pair to a new account, but no response for a few weeks now. WW is selling via Amazon, shipping product to customers BEFORE fulfilling their KS commitments. We need to keep WW focused on KS backers! Please join me and give EVERY ONE of their Amazon items a one-point review ("Unproven product from an unproven company."). <url>#&K WigWag?! Can you please just give us our money back? At this rate I'll have to include this pledge in my will for my nonexistent children. For the wonderful guys at wigwag <url>"Demo" Relay (and a couple of bulbs). It will be great to get back to OZ later in Jan and set it up - along with some Echo dots and a few other things I have picked up here :) @saxnix - any info you can get and share on status would be much appreciated !! Bob, as usual, I love reading your thoughts and analysis both here and over on talk. You make some really good points. I have stated on the Talk forum, that I have taken a zen approach and am still eager to recieve the WigWag system I backed. From what I have seen, I still don't think there is anything else on the market even now, that can do what WW always strived to do. I will continue to patiently wait while the product is developed and refined. Do I wish it were here now? Of course. But I am still hopeful that we get what we all were so excited to receive when we first backed the idea. I am actually heading to the offices in Austin tomorrow to meet up with some of the team and to see how things are going and how it works in person. I am sure their excitement and passion for the project will still be there, and it will even further renew my optimism and excitement for the WW environment. I wish all the team a Happy New Year, success with the product next year, and that they communicate a bit more going forward :) I like it that after three years people still comment here asking "when?" Now do you really want it!! I do not see a value for it anymore. The simple answer to all backers is You were ROBBED! Like I was three years ago when I backed this... This is just to show everyone how easy it is to rob people... Now are we going to continue to ask "when" for another 3 years whining about this??? Or are we going to take a legal action against this.. It has been three years and I am waiting. That's sad. I have now stopped backing projects because this project and a few other. Bob A little honesty and transparency from wigwag would go a long way. This is the company that has lied to backers on forums and that has been selling relays on Amazon before they have even shipped to all US backers (putting aside the forgotten international backers). Sorry, I have no sympathy for wigwag at this point - not because of the lack of delivery but because of the lack of honesty and transparency. If legal action forces disclosure of where things truly stand that would be a good outcome. Many questions of this kind have been discussed in depth on WW's forums (<url>"compelled to disclose", which would only make them say they don't know what will happen when. Which is what their silence already accomplishes. The "false advertising" argument is even worse, so far beyond bad it's well into farcical. First, the words themselves don't even apply in this context. Even "false statements" would be a stretch, since not one of WW's statements can be shown to have any "intent to defraud or mislead", since they were vague to start with, and were explicitly labeled as "estimates" or "best effort". If you interpreted any WW statements as hard commitments, then shame on you! Your flawed impressions and disappointment do not constitute legal grounds for anything at all. 3. WW *is* willing to talk about software! While the hardware side is eyeball deep in quicksand, the software side has been making real progress. Support has been added for a long list of devices. The initial Open Source releases for Raspberry Pi are expected in the next month or so. Yes, in the area of software they actually made a forward-looking statement! But only about software: You'll need to provide your own hardware. Now, that's mostly looking at things from the KS backer perspective. What about from WW's perspective? - Anything WW says about hardware will be torn apart and ridiculed by justifiably irate KS backers. Why should WW subject itself to that kind of abuse when silence is easier and does no worse? They have no motive whatsoever to further embarrass themselves! - Let's say a lawsuit of some kind is filed against WW and isn't immediately tossed out for being without merit. What are its possible results? A. Disclosure. WW will say they are in a mess and have no idea when it will change. Pretty much no change from what we have now. B. Payment. Let's say a court finds WW should issue refunds (impossible, but let's live in the fantasy for a moment). If WW is at all smart, then they are running on debt (lines of credit), with nothing beyond a few weeks of operating cash in the bank. They could lose this money without a problem, but it would be only pennies to each KS backer, and it would have the perverse effect of releasing WW from any need to *EVER* deliver hardware to *ANY* KS backers! No court is able to force WW to go further into debt, which leads us to the next possibility: C. Dissolution. A court could force WW into bankruptcy to liquidate its assets and disburse them to its creditors. However, KS backers would be at the back of the line behind banks and equity investors. No way is there enough money to even partially pay those folks, so KS backers would see zero. And nobody else would ever get any WW hardware. Are any of the above anything close to an outcome you want? The *best* outcome for KS backers is to hope that WW somehow (eventually) gets past is difficulties and finds a path to success. Which leads us to an interesting question: How can we, the WW KS Backers, best help WW reach the point where they ship product to all of us? 1. Don't distract WW with meaningless threats. Don't annoy them. Don't even whine (tough, I know). Give WW no excuse to do anything other than work on their products. 2. Engage WW in areas where they *are* open to engagement. Talk about software, personal projects, devices to support, making and using rules. 3. Avoid bad-mouthing WW **outside** the KS Comments and WW Forum. I'm guilty of this: I posted some one-star reviews on Amazon that I should delete or at least rephrase. Believe it or not, the WW engineers are still enthusiastic about their products. They, like us, hate the delays with a passion. They happen to be led by totally incompetent management, which has caused significant turnover (which hurts us all). But they are still working hard, pushing toward the goal. WW management may be abject failures as managers and leaders, but even they still have hope and work toward the goal. They aren't "bad" people, but are in way over their heads and aren't willing to step aside. At least two of them have re-financed their homes to support WW. For a while, some of them were taking no salary at all. How many folks at WW do you think will be having a "Merry Christmas"? We KS backers have hundreds of dollars invested. Folks at WW have invested hundreds of thousands of dollars, have voluntarily accepted reduced salaries, have worked many thousands of unpaid hours, have invested up to 5 years of their lives, and STILL have very little to show for it. I've worked for startups in bad situations, and kind words can go a long way toward keeping folks focused on the goal. So, if you can, please join me in wishing everyone at WW a truly Merry Christmas and Happy New Year. Come on over to WW Talk and read the discussions. I suspect they may help you cope a bit better with this sad, sad situation. Anyone else in the UK considering legal action? Just fyi. Get in touch if you want to join in. Hi WigWag, I currently have a group of 18 people who will be posting a file against WigWag for false advertising. I will also be serving both Ed Hemphill and TRAVIS McCOLLUM fraud papers in civil court. If you wish to open avenues of comuincation via email before these are posted please provide an email to do so before 12/30/16 Regards Dean I would love to know if they actually have anyone working on this anymore or whether everyone has drifted off into new jobs. Even if they have just one person left working on this full time they should have delivered by now and also managed to keep in contact with us. The fact that neither of these things have happened makes me think that no one is left. Such a shame such a good idea was handled so badly. Only relays to US backers, nothing else And still no update on anything to the rest of the world And they are ignoring us again So, on November 30th you said you were shipping to US backers as that was ready to go. I don't like wasting time posting, but I'm interested to know if that was true. Using the talk boards is useless, you hardly seem to update on there any more than on here. Am I going to see a Christmas miracle? You're only 3 years behind schedule, and the technology is pretty much readily available now that you promised all those moons ago. When will my package ship? When will my package ship? When will my package ship? When will my package ship? When will my package ship? When will my package ship? When will my package ship? When will my package ship? When will my package ship? When will my package ship? When will my package ship? When will my package ship? When will my package ship? When will my package ship? When will my package ship? When will my package ship? When will my package ship? When will my package ship? When will my package ship? When will my package ship? When will my package ship? When will my package ship? When will my package ship? When will my package ship? When will my package ship? When will my package ship? When will my package ship? When will my package ship? When will my package ship? When will my package ship? When will my package ship? When will my package ship? When will my package ship? When will my package ship? When will my package ship? When will my package ship? When will my package ship? When will you respond? When will you respond? When will you respond? When will you respond? When will you respond? When will you respond? When will you respond? When will you respond? When will you respond? When will you respond? When will you respond? When will you respond? When will you respond? When will you respond? When will you respond? When will you respond? When will you respond? When will you respond? When will you respond? When will you respond? When will you respond? When will you respond? When will you respond? When will you respond? When will you respond? When will you respond? When will you respond? When will you respond? When will you respond? When will you respond? When will you respond? When will you respond? When will you respond? When will you respond? When will you respond? When will you respond? When will you respond? When will you respond? When will you respond? When will you respond? When will you respond? When will you respond? When will you respond? When will you respond? When will you respond? When will you respond? When will you respond? When will you respond? When will you respond? When will you respond? When will you respond? When will you respond? When will you respond? When will you respond? When will you respond? When will you respond? When will you respond? When will you respond? When will you respond? When will you respond? When will you respond? Still waiting for yet another undelivered project.... Is there some way of finding out when we'll receive anything? Still no reply to my questions... Hey everyone. Come over to the Pebble 2 Kickstart. We're all getting refunds because they know they can't deliver and have respect for their backers. I'm in the US and still have not received my shipment. I've also email several times with no reply. When can I expect my package to ship? Stating someones optimism disgusts me is hardly an insult or attack, but nevertheless i'll send mr optimistic a message apologising if he took offence. Beside the point, and as David enunciates in a lot more civil manner, you are still as yet to answer these questions? Why do you keep dancing around ignoring the elephant in the room? I posted some simple questions on talk 4 days ago - still no response from wigwag. Wigwag - if you would feel happier answering here please do, or answer on talk and post the link here. If you don't atleast we have this on record for any future legal action Relays How many relays have you shipped to Kickstarter backers ? How many of those are in the US ? And how many more US Kickstarter relays do you have to yet ship ? Have you applied for / received certification for the relay outside the US (if yes please confirm when and which countries) ? For the countries that you have not yet applied for certification (main ones impacting backers being Australia and Europe) when do you expect to apply for certification ? What is delaying you applying for / receiving certification for countries outside the US ? When do you expect to have fulfilled all backers relays ? Sensor block What is the status of the sensor block ? Have you shipped any to Kickstarter backers ? Have you applied for US certification for the sensor block ? Have you applied for other country certification for the sensor block ? What is delaying the sensor block ? All other Kickstarter backed items What is the status ? Does wigwag have funding in place to enable you to ship all items that were backed on Kickstarter ? @WigWig - I PLAN to solve world hunger and bring peace to all. I try not to get too bogged down in the questions of "When?" or "How?". Like you, I feel they aren't really relevant issues to address. I just prefer to focus on the fact that I PLAN to do these things. @wigwag YOU CANNOT SHIP IF YOU HAVE NOT APPLIED FOR ACCREDITATION I see you are responding to other posts but ignoring my perfectly reasonable questions on talk ???? @Dovetail @Tristan Guess what!? SURPRISE, my re-post of my comment on WigWag talk has been 'moderated' and my account suspended. Email from WigWag> "Hello, This is an automated message from WigWag Talk to let you know that your account has been temporarily placed on hold as a precautionary measure. Please do continue to browse, but you won't be able to reply or create topics until a staff member reviews your most recent posts. We apologize for the inconvenience. For additional guidance, refer to our community guidelines." Bwahahaha, how predictable. They're nothing short of a bunch of crooks. Here's some quick maths for everyone; WigWag raised $454976 US If they were to take that money to a bank and put it in a fixed term deposit for 3 years at, let's say 3%pa interest, that would equate to an interest return of about $45,000 after 3 years. $455,000 + $45,000 = $500,000 Comparable products available in today's market would be say; WiFi relay + IR controller + LED lights = $250 RETAIL (and that's an expensive set up) There were a total of 1694 backers. Now even though some of these backers did not even purchase an expensive bundles, i'll be generous and say that WigWag decides to send everyone the above bundle as an apology. 1694 x $250 = $423500 They've got $500,000 in the bank and use to purchase these other products. $500,000 - $423,500 = $76,500 $76, 500 profit. WigWag has just paid an entire US$ salary for one year by doing absolutely nothing. By taking our money and sitting on it for 3 years and then purchasing, at RETAIL cost, a bunch of products that can fulfil their supposed 'invention's' purpose, they have still walked away with around $75,000 profit. But you know what the real kick in the balls here is? We don't even have anything to show for our money other than false promises. If that isn't criminal i don't know what is. @WigWag. Your last update on Feb 2nd was claiming you were shipping. It's November. When are you start shipping outside US??????????????????????????? When are we going to get what you promised us 3 years ago?????????????????????????????? As per the information on the KickStarter website... "If the problems are severe enough that the creator can't fulfil their project, creators need to find a resolution. Steps should include offering refunds, detailing exactly how funds were used, and other actions to satisfy backers." I think after 3 years, it's reasonable to assume that WigWag cannot fulfil their promise to international backers. It's all very well saying "we fully intend to ship to all backers", but after such a long time since funding, I think you should do the right thing and offer international backers a full refund. I "pledged" just shy of $600 and what have I got to show for it 3 years later??? Sweet nothing. Is WigWag a registered charity? Perhaps you should have setup your campaign so that it "only shipped to the US", at least that way you wouldn't have a large number of international backers who have been more than patient waiting for the mythical WigWag devices. Censoring backers comments is lame. It is fully understandable and justified that after 3 years, people might want some answers... Everything they say is a load of rubbish. They have been rolling out the line about shipping to US customers for months now. Injection moulding runs and PCB manufacturing runs are generally done in large bulk orders. Say they ordered a small production run of 500 units. This should be completed in a matter of days. Assuming these are made in China and sent via container then it could take a month to get to them. But once delivered it should take maybe 2 weeks for some QA and dispatch. In short, ALL US customers should now have received their orders. Unless of course I am wrong and they are in fact carving each case by hand! @Gene, I am pleased you too have noticed how censored WigWag Talk is. Post something they don't like and "POOF" its gone! If they put their censorship efforts into delivery who knows what they could achieve! @WigWag, with regards your comment to @Funkyp about mis-information, maybe look in the mirror first. You PROMISED to deliver this to us over 3 YEARS AGO! Everything you have ever said about your ability to deliver has been mis-information. @gene they have not applied for certification anywhere outside the US and have no timeframe on doing so. It depends on cash flow. I am sick of hollow promises that @wigwag will ship - they are not showing any signs that they will ever ship outside the US - just the same promises and no progress we've had for the past 3 years @wigwag - demonstrate you are serious about outside the US and apply for certification now. Or refund us now UPDATE (as i keep people informed of any news) - If you feel forced to go to the heavily censored and moderated site WigWag Talk, WigWag admits to not having certification for international countries. In light of that, i edited my post there to instead ask the question that surely they've at least applied for certification so that us 'international suckers' aren't kept waiting any ADDITIONAL length of time. Ok WigWag, i'll play your game. IF you're going to penalise international backers by only sending this 'supposed product' to US backers first, then; A) I demand a running total to be posted monthly on Kickstarter showing the total number of US backers and the number of these 'pledges' (charity cases) that you've fulfilled. WigWag had a total of 1,694 backers, correct? What number of those are US backers? How many of those US backers have you sent 'oh wonderous relay/products' to? Reading the comments on Kickstarter.... i'd guess, what 200? 300? 514.5 (the .5 is representative of the backers who have possibly died in the last 3 years, thus decreasing the number of relays you're required to send). With said list, us 'O-Stupid International backers that didn't realise that not only would we be running the risk of dying of old age before ever seeing this magical product, but we would also be discriminated against because we don't live in the wonderful U. S. of A' (yes us idiots) could log in and see a visual count by which we could APPROXIMATE when we MIGHT (I STRESS THE WORD MIGHT) MIGHT see this fantastic product we have invested our (just as good as the US) dollars into. This will stem a lot of these frustrated, aggressive, comments. No one likes being screwed over. No one likes, having paid for a product, to then be bent over a bonnet, screwed up the ass whilst having our faces repeatedly smashed into a meme of us paying for something and you running off with our hard earned cash in the distance. No one likes that. BUT! But, if you're adamant that you haven't screwed us over and you're going to honour your backers, then please, actually... no. strike out the please JUST TAKE THE TIME TO POST THE NUMBERS. And B) What is this rumour about not having certification for any international countries? Can you elaborate on this? You seem to have not addressed other backers questions about this. IF (there's that fantastic word that your backers have come to know so well, IF. "IF ever i receive my WigWag imagine how my life will be?" "IF ever i get a straight answer from WigWag as to what number on the waiting list i am, i might sleep better at night" "IF im not being screwed over, then why does my ass hurt so much" IF... this is just a rumour and there's no truth to the fact that you are yet to apply for international certification, THEN post the application details for said certification applications. This is psychology 101 (and just straight up good customer service) If the naive trusting patient (backer's in this scenario) are expressing feelings of 'unjustified' paranoia and fears based on false and misleading comments, then pacify them by providing evidence. Stem these wicked lies! 2 things WigWag, 2 things. 2 small things which would be doing a favour for those who have helped you. And i personally think that after paying for merchandise which i'm still waiting on receiving 3 years later, you owe me and ALL the other backers a lot of favours. Thank you so 139$ have gone down the drain? after years of waiting, and having some faith in you? send me my kit, even without the certification, if it won't pass that's my issue, ok? @tristan agreed - I can't see any way forward for us except legal action I think it is time that International backers start considering legal action. WW is a joke. More misleading rubbish from wigwag Wigwag say they will ship to international backers as soon as they can - safe in the knowledge that if they don't apply for certification they never can !!!!! They have admitted that currently they have no plans or timeframe for applying. The same as I can promise I'll give everyone on Kickstarter a million dollars each when I win the lottery - I don't need to worry because I don't buy a ticket !!!! @WigWag - You do not have my understanding. If you have insufficient funds to deal with international certification then this is entirely down to your own mismanagement of this project. Instead of delivering the product you showed us in the original Kickstarter video you got giddy with your funds and wasted on things like over complicated case designs. This has left you with insufficient funds to do the things you actually need to do to deliver this project. Your rivals have over taken you. No one will now buy into your system so you aren't suddenly going to find the funds you need. The sooner you guys are honest about this with yourselves, your investors and your Kickstarter backers the better. The only decent thing you could do now would be to open source all the software and hardware designs so as hobbyist we could build what we've paid for without need of international certification. You could then be free of this burden and move onto something else with your life. If anyone else based outside the US is interested in taking legal action against wigwag then, in the absence of receiving a full refund, I'm in Normally I wouldn't think we stood a chance but given the lies posted by wigwag on here and their own discussions groups over the past 3 years I think we might be in with a shot....... @david black. I'm so annoyed now I'm going to speak to my solicitor on Monday (uk based) Latest from their website below. After >3 years this must qualify as abandoning / unethical discrimination against backers outside the US and therefore require a refund of whatever assets they have left to backers ?? <url>"wigwagmod I do not know when we can do certification outside the US. It depends on funding and cash flow requirements at WigWag. We plan to do it, but I do not know when right now. Which region are you specifically asking about?" I just realized you guys are even screwing over your $1.00 supporters. On a scale of 1-10 you suck 9.9999999999999999. Don't you think from 11/11 post- Managing Partner of CSC Venture Capital who invested US$3.2m in Wigwag in Feb 2016 (<url>"tom_cole" - . Is the problem? @Richard - Fairly sure the honest answer is never. When am I likely to receive my items? 3 years..... Any ideas on new timetable for shipping, last update was very long ago... Given the lack of any decent updates, either here or on the wigwag talk forums, i've been looking for other ways to find out what is going on and also to contact wigwag. So far i've gathered a lot of wigwag social media contacts - here are the twitter ones for anyone who wants to follow them. Linkedin and facebook to follow in the coming days. just remove the " " - e.g. "wigwagco" is <url>"wigwagco" "wigwagdevblog" "wigwagdev" EVP Sales "AdamJeffTaylor" CEO "tweetedh" CMO "hametner" COO "WigWagCOO" Managing Partner of CSC Venture Capital who invested US$3.2m in Wigwag in Feb 2016 (<url>"tom_cole" Web developer "WigWagTkrone" SQA Intern "WigWagAshley" Wigwag Engineering "WigWagEng" UX Designer "wigwagrene" SQA Intern "WigWagSam" SQA Intern "WigWagJess" Director of Front-End Systems "WigWagSrnvs" "BryanWigWag" "jordanwigwag" "WigWagYash" "wigwaglogs" "wigwagjon" When i can get my backed products in China, I have got any feedback for last six months already. Oh @Alex Haynes, you are hilarious. @Alex, that is fantastic. Glad to hear it is working well for you. If you aren't already on there, make sure you check out the talk forum and give your feedback/questions there. I can hardly believe it, but my relay actually arrived today! I set it up and it found my WeMo devices immediately and found all my Hue lights once I asked it to discover them. I was able to put the devices in individual rooms and link WigWag to my Amazon Echo with the Alexa skill and that worked too. I had given up hope, but it seems like the relay actually does everything advertised. And I actually received it, after three years. Incredible. Any chance we will get ever anything shipped, I really believe that after all this time is a total lack of respect that you are selling some products in Amazon and fooling around blatantly ignoring the backers that supported your project. If I don't receive a reasonable response on the next five days I'm already in the process to file a complain with the BBB, and Texas Secretary of State. @wigwag i checked in a few months ago and was told I was close on the list, have not heard anything since, any updates? When will the products shipped we are waiting so long. And how can I change my address I moved to other house @Aaron, you are more likely to get an answer for your question over at the <url>"Check back in a few months" What a joke - please send me a refund I emailed them a few weeks ago, no reply. Now their website contact form is broken. Calling the # goes to voicemail. In a shocking turn of events still nothing has shipped. I completely agree with John here. I'm a US backer, 379, and have received nothing! Multiple attempts to receive an update over the past several months and no responses!! I think that for spending $169 over three years ago, the only thing I'll receive is the determination to make sure no one I know ever spends a single dollar on this company. Seems like most/all of the comments I've read on here and talk.wigwag.com, people were fine with delays. The one and only thing they weren't fine with was the complete lack of communication, and now, the apparent fleecing of our money. I'm a US backer, #1469 and I've received nothing. I was told back in April that I would be receiving my relay, and I still haven't received anything, and they haven't responded to any of my emails. I pledged $289 to this project, and it feels like a complete betrayal that they would be selling on Amazon before they fulfill their promises to their backers. Someone named Bryan from WigWag messaged me 7/26/16 saying, "We are expecting the batch in the office in the next 3-4 weeks although it was originally scheduled for May. This next batch should be enough to fulfil all of our american backers." So, that time frame has obviously passed and no further information of followup has been provided. I see they ARE selling their items on Amazon (with Prime delivery too). I gave them at least $289 for this project with nothing to show. How can KickStarter condone this? I will not definitely rethink who I back on this site since it is this shady practice is obviously allowed by Kickstarter terms. @saxnix I must have missed the option to get a split shipment, communication has been so spotty. WW is completely unable to make realistic plans, and is unable to work them to any kind of schedule. They literally have no idea how long things take, much less how to get things right the first time. WW has enormous skill gaps, particularly in management. Based on (the lack of) past performance, I believe it is very unlikely WW can achieve volume shipments of Sensors this year. The next product in the pipeline, the Glowline, "should not take long" after the Sensors, so to me that means no earlier than the middle of 2017. I suspect *all* products for US backers won't finish shipping before 2018, with the rest of world shipments stretching out until mid-2018. And that's my *optimistic* estimate. Reality could easily be far worse. As WigWag has decided not to communicate here very much, I understand the frustration. They have stated several times that their preferred method of communication is on the forum. If you do check it out you will see that the project is not dead, progress is slowly being made, and that you will eventually get your rewards. If you chose split shipping, US backers were able to get their Relay. If not, it will be done when it is done. Is it taking much longer than anyone ever expected? Yes. But they are still working on it and progress is being made. Has anyone sought legal advice yet? As I stated a few months ago: The project is dead for us kickstarters. WigWag took our money and ran. And we can't do anything. It's a shame, because it's almost a criminal behavior, but the people of WigWag just do have very low moral standards. I assure you: We will never receive our pledges. They'll just wait until everyone of us will forget about this. Does anyone know if there's a mechanism to file the complaint? It's appalling company can sell product on Amazon and completely ignore pledges from people who helped kickstart their company - goes against everything Kickstarter is supposed to be. I haven't received anything...three years later. Looks like very few if anyone has received their products from WigWag. Although, you have been selling these products on Amazon.com since May 2016. How do you justify selling your product at retail outlets when you have yet to fulfil your original backers who provided you seed money to get this product off the ground? I am disappointed in your lack of ethics and moral conscience. Deliver on your promise and make good on your commitment to your backers. I have never any products from Wigwag after three years!!! I am a backer from Shanghai China. Have tried to contact vie email but no any response after several months, do you guys disappeared from Earth?! What the heck is going on? Please provide an update. We're approaching 3 YEARS late for delivery. Does anyone at WigWag actually understand how horrible that sounds? Nice to see @WigWag continuing to use the highly professional approach of sticking their fingers in their ears and saying "lalala, we're not listening". @WigWag I am a USA backer and have never received anything from you, I have filled out your form back when you posted it and still nothing. If I had not come here to check the status I would never know that the relay has been shipped to almost everyone. I have contacted your support email address twice now about this matter but no response. I have now moved, so I would like some resolution. thank you seems like about time to start looking in to legal action. So happy your "considering" getting stock to some of your US backers, while already selling on Amazon, what about the rest of the world, should i just suck it up and p*** off, as im based in thr UK, sort your lives out and refund me my money you theives. Occasionally I like to be disappointed so I come here to see if wigwag is going to ship me something. I can't even recall if I submitted a survey or not. Are you guys really not bothered by what you are doing? Not even a little bit? @WigWag - Please stop barking on about talk.wigwag.com. I tried to be constructive there and you totally avoided all questions about the only thing we care about, i.e. When will we get our stuff?!? Also, please stop going on about Relay stock. How can you be listing stock as available on Amazon before you have fulfilled all Kickstarter backers who selected split shipments?!? I also really don't care about you shipping Relays as without the sensor blocks the Relay is utterly pointless, yet you continue to avoid all mention of any development work on the sensor block or when it will ship. Please do yourselves and everyone else a favour and just declare the project dead so we can once and for all write off the money we put in and go any buy one of the many other options that have come out and overtaken you over this ridiculous 3 year period. So where the f*ck is my sh*t. I got the relay, NOTHING else and the UI on the relay is a pile of stinking cr*p. This is a massive joke. Refund me my god damn money. Over 3 years, $189 , & still no product & just got survey after 100 emails. And product now for sale on Amazon. What a SCAM. To be clear: WigWag is free to do pretty much whatever they want, no matter how unethical. I just don't want them doing it to the general public: If this is a test, they can have employees, friends and family buy the Amazon and WigWag Store stock. I just submitted a one-star Amazon review to warn folks away from this situation, with a promise to update the review after KS backers get their product. The small number in-stock could mean this is primarily a test of WigWag's fulfillment system (the WigWag store also has stock). But it still feels like a stab in the back. Even if it is a test, it is extremely premature, since WigWag is still many months away from fulfilling their KS backer commitments. Such an experiment would be more appropriate after 90% of KS backer product has shipped. Scam. This product is available for purchase amazon and in stock. <url>"we don't want to give you all false hope, but the way things stand is we're expecting 200 units by.... Whatever" Or, and this is how disheartened I am with Wig Wag; "You know what guys, we really appreciate your support and backing, but our business model just fell through. We failed you. We've spent all your money and we just can't fulfill our promises. You will never receive your pledges" At least we'll get some closure. Sure we'll all be pissed off and you'll get a lot of hate mail, but you can learn from that. And us? We don't have to constantly get a sour taste in our mouths every time we're made to log into this site with the vain hope of reading an expected delivery date of a product we bought 3 years ago. Do you understand that? I mean honestly? Can you see that even that bad news is a kindness to us? Have a heart Wig Wag, please give us answers or give us closure. Sincerely, Someone who believed in you I got a response and waiting for the next shipment of batches. It's only the relay controller and nothing else so it's a bit useless, but a step in the right direction. Are you guys messaging them directly on here? I don't think emails work as great as kickstarters message system since you know they receive it for sure. Give it a try Will you guys ship ever? 3 years in waiting.. Just killed the KS dream. @WigWag what is going on here?!? No response to emails and it looks like no responses to my fellow backers below either. 3 years after funding and still haven't received anything. Has anyone?? And it's been 4 months since your last posted update! @WigWag. Just a reminder that this is where we funded you 3 years ago so maybe nice to give us the odd update here. A further reminder that both here and at talk.wigwag you continue to avoid the actual question that we all want to know, WHEN WE WILL GET EVERYTHING YOU PROMISED? Could you at the very least give us a projected timeline for ALL promised items (not just the relay), even if this is heavily caveated that it may change? Wow. "How far along is WigWag in the production process? As per Kickstarter guidelines, everything you see is a real physical prototype. We have a working Sensor Block, Glowline and Relay, and our cloud service is running for internal testing. The iPhone app you see in the video/pictures actually runs today, controlling and creating rules, and our Android app is underway. All boards are designed by WigWag and manufactured in Wuxi, China. The cases shown were printed on 3D printers. Our design, development and assembly happens in Austin, TX USA. When will I receive my products? Timeline: June: Kickstarter launch August: Kickstarter campaign ends, funded September: Molds built, FCC and CE compliance testing: Dev Kit boards built October: Dev kits ship, production boards & molds built November: final assembly and shipment Circuit boards and plastics will be manufactured in China, and final assembly / testing / shipping of products will take place in Austin, TX. All rewards should be shipped to backers by November 2013." Wow. In a few days time, it's going to be 3 years since this project got funded. Where's my stuff guys? Seriously. Three whole years. @wigWag You only give --> @Dovetail Technology, myslef, the Kickstarter community ammunition to be negative by not acknowledging anything on Kickstarter. Do you realize this ? Please remember the people who made you: us. I still want to believe but you gotta help yourself a little. CBY PS: Please acknowledge my here. I signed up to support you HERE not anywhere else. Thank you. @Krishna - Don't bother visiting talk.wigwag.com it is a waste of time. WigWag continue to ignore any questions about when they will actually ship everything they promised during the Kickstarter. They try and direct everyone there as it is a forum that requires a login and so all the negative feedback there is hidden from search engines. They are either dishonest and running away with our money or are simply incompetent. The fact we are coming up on the 3 year anniversary of the funding of this speaks for itself. No product that claimed to be already at prototype stage should take 3 years to get to market! Did any one receive anything? or is this a Ponzi scheme? WigWag: People move, forget and... die in the span of 3 years... (with 1600+ backers, no joke) Can you send an email to each, once in a while, to confirm survey, status, updates, Etc? The least one would expect. I, for one, have no idea if you know I exist and am a backer. Thx CBY Let's give WigWag a second/third chance since they are sort of trying now. Supposedly we all received an email from the first the time we filled out the survey. I/we were not told to confirm an email for that survey...yeah..I asked for that email to be sent again and advise everyone to ask for it. Is there a way of confirming that you have filled in the survey? I filled it in some time ago, but being in the UK i figured I am just waiting on European deliveries. And to the guy saying he can have this scam pulled off amazon...do it! Companies like this should not be supported. They've taken enough money. Still waiting. Absolutely no response from wig wag about a status update. This is total BS Survey submitted again..any idea when it will ship? I haven't received anything yet. When do I get my kit? - from Sydney I filled out the survey and I remember I did with my wife and son. I have not received anything either and very disappointed there hasn't been any updates which I can SEE why! I will fill out the survey once more or I will have this item pulled from Amazon. I have acquaintances who are team leaders in Amazon that will do this. This isn't my first rodeo with a bad kickstarter. I'm filling it out for a second time and forwarding this message to you inbox wigwag. Wigwag said the Sensor would be delayed, but offered to do one split shipment per backer to get them their Relay earlier. I assume this was to let backers with existing HA systems to start integrating them into the wigwag system. You may want to buy some of the supported devices from other manufacturers and get started. If you do, please be sure to visit the wigwag forums and let us know how it goes! I chose to wait until all my stuff can ship together simply because I no longer wanted to be a bleeding-edge tester (which I usually love doing). When it all does finally ship (if ever), I simply hope most of the features will be present and most of the bugs will be gone. I only received the hub from my $189 pledge and nothing else (relay(s). You already obviously have my survey, and gave no indication as to whether you lost it, especially since the hub was delivered. Like others I missed the update where I needed till fill out the survey. So I've done that, and since the product is on Amazon, it must be real....I'm keeping the faith, but like others, times have changed over the past few year, and I mostly have my HA solution sorted out. Still missing one thing though, a hub to unify all of it (SmartThings ain't it, and Revolv was killed by Google), so I'm hoping Wigwag can fill that gap, especially as I have north of $800 invested (backer 1299). Never got my $289 reward package. Sick of these Kickstarter projects where I'm losing money---Emotiv Insight, Remee, and now WigWag. Just about lost my trust in backing these things. This was a scam I demand a refund. Never work with this company or these people they steal your money. Guys still haven't got the reward. Should talk to us if you have issues. We are manufacturers whose waiting to work with you. We have some project on smart windows. If you can email us: <email> After 3 ignored emails it becomes clear that you guys clearly don't have the decency to take the time to even provide some more clarity on what is happening. Can you PLEASE update on what is happening with my order. Its July already so time is up according to your own schedule!!!!! Yes they are. If anyone wants a relay fast, buy it on Amazon (out of stock right now, but I'll bet it'll be available before any more backers will get their reward): <url>"Where the hell is my Relay"? I think the patience level for this project has been near Job levels, but there has to be a point where you have to question what is going on? Survey completed, months ago, still waiting for any response from WigWag. Will I ever receive my items? I wanted to follow up to say the Wig Wag crew contacted me within 30 mins of my post, apologizing for not being able to be sure I'd completed my survey. So an A for effort on that one. Keep the transparency open guys/gals and we can stick it out with you through the final deliveries and then become your "customers" longer term even. Thanks A., Baltimore Yeah. Boo hiss. I backed and supported, and talked others into being kinder to these folks but they simply refuse to acknowledge the idea of "customer". Now for those with a sour taste for Kickstarter I've also participated in two OTHER Kickstarter campaigns with AWESOME outcomes and rewards, delivered with timeliness, quality and excellent customer service. These crew however.... I'll still wait but I'm not exactly promising myself. I live right down the road from these ass hats. Im gonna go get my moneys worth out of their property. Thank god for Texas property tax public information. See you jerks soon. WigWag have shipped Relays to those in the US who were happy to receive it now (software in Beta), and their other items when they are have been produced. They are still working on the other items and Relays for other regions. It is very late, but I believe I will still get my significantly large order eventually. If they have the product available in a region, have shipped that product to those who want it now, I have no problem with them selling stock in that region. The more money WW receives, the better it is for all of us. Ah and yes: <url>"WigWag is Shipping!!"-update and the hidden link to the survey inside it? I still think they should declare, that the project has failed (at least for us kickstarters), so we can all move on... I find it pretty silly that after nearly three years, I have to read the fine print and follow hyper links and such to fill out another form to actually have the product shipped!! I filled out that information when this pathetic campaign started almost three years ago.. now I am back burner because I didn't see a hyper link in the ridiculous updates - updates HA! Please ship what I have asked and I will be done with this wigwag joke... backer number 250 - jumped in too fast obviously. I too am still waiting for my pledge devices. Filled out the survey, am in the US and have been waiting patiently. I'm pretty sure, that sometime in the near future wigwag will announce, that there won't be finished products and that they are "sorry". Mark my words. all the extra funding from angel investors certainly has made NO real difference. i would settle for some sort of incouraging update. maybe xmas time. i suppose it would be asking to much for a christmas in July?? where is my pledge? Thanks. I just wanted to report that I received a wigwag relay in the mail. I haven't hooked it up yet though because I didn't want to mess with my existing home automation system. Once they ship the other options I selected (sensor blocks and light strips) then I'll hook them up and see if/how it works. When I was interested in home automation three years ago (!) Wig Wag looked incredible and seemed to be just what I wanted. But today I already invested in other products and Wig Wag seems obsolete for me. Wig Wag gave the world a good example for very bad campaigning at Kickstarter in a lot of aspects: As of today almost three years of delay for most of the backers, the bad communication,... It's a pity, it looked really promising. And you know what I tend to believe? Maybe I will hold some Wig Wag products in my hand some day next year or the year after - but they won't be good. Maybe they will be cumbersome to use or too closed,... I fear Wig Wag stuck too long in the development process to compete against the rivals that already ship very good products. As you can see: I have no trust in Wig Wag anymore. Sooo Wig Wag.... How about an update? Or better yet, a physical product? I've waited so long that I'll settle for an update or refund. Let's just use the comments here then. Hopefully they can't delete here. Maybe will see something for Xmas. SURELY certifications couldn't take that long U can do it wig wag , please don't ship until at least August 18th, 2016 so it will be a full 3 years. I'm sure it's worth the wait & better than the stuff I can buy at Walmart. Thanks. WigWag have now taken to deleting any negative posts on WigWag Talk. They are a company blind to feedback and so are a company that will never learn how to improve. So sad as this was a great idea 3 years ago but is now irrelevant as bigger players have come along with better solutions that you can actually buy and get delivered to you. I wish the rest of you backers luck but I am closing this browser window as the feelings of negativity this project bring to me is doing me no good. I have completed the survey and am located in US. When might my items be shipped? @Martin NYC - What products have you used? @Martin NYC, I still plan on using my WW as per original plan. Although tempted, I didn't switch to a competing product. I still have faith that if WW can deliver the functionality they planned, I think it will be a stellar product. Well, nearly three years later I have actually received my relay and two filament bulbs. I will have to wait indefinitely for a glowline and PTAG. Unfortunately as a result of the long wait, I have replaced all of the hoped for functionality with competing products. I am curious as to what others are (or will be) using their relays for? I'm in North America and have yet to receive anything, has everything been shipped? Received my relay and three Filament bulbs today. Looking forward to getting them up and running. Will post updates on the talk forum. Great - so what is the timeline for CE and C-tick then ? What is now the time for certification for your backers over the pond This is what the email looks like "Thank you for taking the time to fill out our survey. We are excited to ship out part of your Reward Package in the next week! However before we do we would like you to review the information we have on file from the survey you filled out to make sure we have the information correct." However, that was 4/26/2016. 3 weeks ago and the email lead me to believe i would receive it somewhat soon. Just a big Tease! The fact that I can order the WigWag Relay on Amazon.com TODAY and have it shipped to the UK before I have received my Kickstarter order (placed way back in August 2013) is quite frankly taking the pi$$. I'd appreciate an explanation as to why WigWag can fulfil orders placed on Amazon today before they can fulfil orders to the people that backed this project... What the heck! Just checked out Amazon.com. They've got stock ready to ship via Amazon prime but I don't yet have my order?!?!?!? Bang out of order! WigWag you are a complete disgrace!!! And the relays are even for sale over at Amazon. For those of you who haven't joined WigWag Talk I thought I would just report back that WigWag don't talk there either. How very disappointing. @WigWag - How goes the shipping? Are you on track with the timeline previously outlined? @Everyone - Has anyone received theirs yet? Any good? Hi, I moves in another city. How can I update my adress or do you write everybody a mail? Thanks, Marcel @Paul: Will this do? <url>"Now for ten years we've been on our own And moss grows fat on a rollin' stone But that's not how it used to be" Want a refund, product is obsolete for me now Nearly five months since the last update. Embarrassing. Another year... where is my whatever the heck it was that I backed? Some magic IoT thingy?????? I would like a refund. So... Google Now on my phone has been tracking any updates from talk.wigwag.com for me and may have relieved some good news before it is officially posted :P There is an unlisted article on Kickstarter rewards shipping and logistics here: <url>"we are not able to provide refunds for Kickstarter backers" and more infos will follow within weeks. The good news is: there are at least some people at wigwag answering mails. @Chris why would you still be waiting? I highly recommend SmartThings and Philips Hue for lights. Have 22 hue lights running with SmartThings through IFTTT and they work very well. Bob See <url>"very close to" but you surely must have some idea. Why not share this with us? And by "us" I mean your backers who made it possible for you to proceed with this project. You remember us? If so, why not click that "Post Update" button on the menu to your left and engage with us? Most of us will probably need to go over our survey again. Personally I would like to see an option to substitute light bulbs for glow lines or sensors. All backers- Please email <email> if you would like to join discussion regarding a class action being drawn up regarding fraud and misappropriation of funds in this Kickstarter. try this link instead <url>"We might be able to share more before 2016. It all depends on some folks handling their paperwork. If not then, by early Jan you should see a timeline (that is our visibility on this right now)." Well I have just raised a support ticket about this. I am tired of waiting and receiving no communications. In my view this project is dead and has not been run in the spirit of Kickstarter where the Backers are basically part of the team. I accept delays happen but over 2 years since the original planned delivery date is ridiculous. Since the original planned delivery date I have completed the design of a hardware/electronics product, Kickstarted it, hit delays, finished manufacture and delivered to all of my backers. All the while keeping my backers in the loop on progress and delays. Click on my profile if you are curious. Running a project like this is extremely hard and stressful but not engaging with your backers will only make it harder. @WigWag - Are you able to give us a full and detailed update on the status of EVERY component promised in the campaign along with your plan of action for each and the estimated timescales around that plan. This should take no longer than 30 minutes to put together and is quite frankly the least you can do. What I would ideally like you to do is issue me a refund. This is a formal request, and I think quite possibly the 4th time I have made the request. I dont think owners of WigWag have any sense of responsibility to backers. They have proven over and over again that they have deviated from original pledge and now out looking for investors. Trust still goes a long way in business world WigWag. You may have some samples to show but trust is something you can never buy. I just stopped by for a reminder of why I stopped using Kickstarter. Merry Christmas and happy New Years fellow Kickstarter used who decided to give a company money for nothing. I have spent the last couple of years desperate to start my home automation journey and i am tired of waiting! Spent the day looking at Smartthings videos on YouTube and got very excited (that wasnt meant to sound rude) PLEASE could someone persuade me to wait for Wigwag rather than to write off the kickstarter money i spent and start purchasing Samsung Smart Things products which are doing very well in the uk!?!? The more and more I read the more I start to feel like I was scammed. Shame on KickStarter for supporting this behavior. Ive spent $579 on this over 2.5 years ago and keep hearing the same BS stories everybody else here is mentioning.... Update from talk "We appreciate your patience. A number of signed agreements took a lot longer than we expected. The good news is these agreements are due to be signed in the next few days. Following this we should have much more clarity on the status of these items and will be able to post an update on timeline. Until those agreements are signed anything we say would be 'pending' that - and would not be something we can commit. The 200 Relays are in-house here in Austin, and are being used for final testing. Some backers will be able to get a portion of these, and the rest will be produced by our new manufacturer relationship. Sorry to be so vague, but until these agreements are signed we are legally not allowed to discuss specific details (as per non-disclosure language during the pending financing). Unfortunately this signing has just taken a lot longer than we expected. Someone posted that dev kits are canceled. That is INCORRECT. Dev kits will be delivered also." My recent post on talk.wigwag.com "Day 857 since funding / day 34 of this thread @wigwagmod Can we please get a simple status update of the items from the Kickstarter; 1. Sensor block 2. Relay - 18 Dec - "We just got in our first 200 production Relays and are doing testing on software now. " 3. Glow line - "The Sensor is ahead of Glowline in the pipe. This has to do with manufacturing spin up" 4. 4x relay extension 5. Soil moisture sensor 6. Wired contact sensor 7. Presence tag 8. Enclosure sensor I've completed the relay and glow line based on the snippets you posted to show you what I mean by a simple update 27 days ago @wigwagmod said " And it might be day 10+ before you get an answer. We are in process of determining timeline on all of these products. We require feedback from multiple parties (who do not work for WigWag) and who are on vacation right now. Sorry, but its the world we live in." Almost 4 weeks later still no timeline and next Christmas will be the excuse....." I am an early backer and still have nothing. Not even a notification for beta. Poor business savvy. Just want my money back. You can keep the old relay Ok, why don't you just say, that this project failed and that there won't be any rewards, so that we all can move on? I apologize, however, this campaign has been going on for so long, I have lost connection with the status of this. When I reference the talk.wigwag.com forums below, I am unable to find a clear overall project status and updated delivery date. I am sure there is lots of good information here, however, my suggestion would be the Creator periodically post overall status updates here for those backers who don't need all the detail on the forums site. Thank you. 2 years........fiuhh.... You're right Bob, wigwag shouldn't be posting their updates here in the comments. That's not the point of this section on Kickstarter. They should be posting them as UPDATES on Kickstarter. Then they would be automatically sent to all backers. We supported them and gave them money through Kickstarter. They should be using that channel to keep each and every one of the pledgers up to date on the progress and not expect people to check their forums, which they infrequently update with little information. wigwag has been doing better announcing their forum posts here. I really think the discussion works better over on the forum, since the KS comments aren't threaded or anything. I don't think wigwag needs to mention every one of their forum posts here: Only those that disclose new information should be referenced here. I think that falls within the KS guidelines, or at least isn't a flagrant violation of them. @Grant - I just filed a complaint with Kickstarter regarding the Forum. I would recommend others do this as well. Removing Kickstarter from the process is not acceptable, especially, if they've, as you've said, deactivated the email notifications. Maybe instead of hiding like children you could engage us and let us know what is going on. Does it not bother you that you took our money and can't even manage to communicate with us? I started a thread at <url> 144 backers HOME KIT (PICK 10) • More sensors = More Intelligence, and you know it! 1 Relay + mix and match 10 (at checkout): Sensor Block(s) or Glowline(s). Perfect to outfit your whole house with sensing and lighting control. (Each Glowline comes with 2.5 meters of color LED strip, upgradeable to 5M at the end of the campaign.) Estimated delivery: Nov 2013 Ships to: Anywhere in the world ============================== There's missing a date by a mile. Then there is missing a planet by a (2 light) years... Almost 3 months since the last update. No significant information on talk.wigwag.com. Feeling abandoned. After reading an article about the biggest European Kickstarter being dissolved while failing to deliver I thought of you guys... how are you doing? Does their story sound familiar at all? Link follows. <url>"Smart Things" which fits my needs and has pretty much just worked with my door sensors and bulbs etc. out of the box. Not only that, Samsung is a huge company and I have faith in their innovation, development and "Smart Things" developer community. I can connect everything I have in my house; Sonos, Philips Hue, door sensors, motion sensors, moisture sensors, cameras and even my weather station (Netatmo). I can even expand functionality by connecting it all to IFTT. Much as I very much doubt I would ever receive a refund from WigWag, that is very much what I would like as you have simply failed to provide any physical product in my hands, 823 days after I backed this project. Simply not delivering on your pitch is pathetic, and as such, I will never back another "pitch" on Kickstarter again. So you're in "beta"? What does that mean to me? Or to the 1,694 backers who pledged $454,976 to help bring this project to "life". You've taken my (our) money and delivered sweet FA. Not even a 1st generation relay for me to play with. Nothing. I think you developed a light bulb? Re-inventing the wheel? Much? You post a lot of your "updates" on your own "talk" website and not on KS as required by KS. 2+ years in the tech world is a long time, and as such, I truly believe WigWag will not make any sort of dent in this rapidly developing field, or any sort of domination in the "smart home" world (which they may well have done had they met the anticipated timeframes). I would request a refund, but I doubt very much that I would receive it. I will therefore begin seeking legal advice. Sure, I appreciate I "backed" this "project", but I would have expected something in my hands as someone who helped fund your "dream" after such a long duration of time. I very much doubt my "rant" will warrant any response from WigWag (let alone a refund!), which kind of says it all for me. You made your "pitch", enticed decent folk (hard workers, people with limited budgets and people with families to support) to invest in your dream and have completely failed to deliver anything 2+ years later. I had a hard time convincing my wife to part with $600 because "WigWag" was going to be awesome, and here I am, years later, utterly disappointed and ashamed that I have deprived my family & children of $600 that could have been put to far, far better use. You have missed a huge opportunity, and I have lost (what is to me & my family) a huge a amount of money. I would very much appreciate a refund of my "pledge", and I will certainly be seeking legal advice. I have backed several projects on Kickstarter. I have learned my lesson and will not do it ever again. I feel sorry for those on Kickstarter that have legitimate projects they need help launching. I have now been burned twice. No more! So when my wigwag will be shipped?that's all matter for me! Years late, several dollars short. Total vaporware. Are you DEAD yet? @Bob - A good bit of commentary there. I just think WigWag missed a huge opportunity to use their Kickstarter backers to help evaluate their plans and act as testers. I fear WigWag have wasted a lot of time and money on things that really don’t matter to end customers. Because we have backed them we are obviously their target market but not once have they asked our opinion on anything. For instance I think the amount of time that has been spent on the aesthetics of the relay is a total waste of time. I will stick the relay in a cupboard and never look at it again. With your point about looking good in a retail setting the relay could be in a non-windowed branded box surrounded by good looking sensor blocks and light strips in their windowed boxes. Also, I for one would have been very happy to help assess early access software and hardware to once again help them validate where they are focussing. I accept they couldn’t do this with all backers but as one of their larger backers it would have been nice to have been asked. There really wouldn’t have been much cost in posting out an un-cased candidate relay board and un-cased candidate sensor board to a small number of backers for them to test. WigWag has a single fundamental goal they must achieve to have a place in the market: Easily Control All Controllable Devices In Your Home. That single statement has two implicit dependencies: 1. A hardware interface: The means through which control is established and maintained. One that works across multiple device manufacturers. 2. A software system that simplifies user interaction (an app and sensors) while creating (via the rule builder) and performing complex device interactions. The software is the 800 pound gorilla in the room. And to this day, nobody in the market is doing it the way WigWag promises to. However, the chase is on, but WigWag still hasn't left the gate. In comparison, the WigWag hardware is almost a throw-away in the larger overall concept. Just about any hardware will do, so long as the software will run on it. So why has WigWag put so much focus (time and money) on making their own hardware, when they know it is the software that matters most? There are several reasons, all of which made sense two years ago. Perhaps less so today, but none of those reasons are not yet even close to being wrong or invalid. 1. WigWag must have an initial platform for their software, one for which they can guarantee proper operation. That starts with the hub (Relay), but also includes sensors (Sensor), so the home automation system is interactive without having to find a remote, or have a phone in hand with an app running. All the other WigWag hardware is fairly irrelevant in today's market (though it wasn't two years ago). The Relay and Sensor are the main in-home pillars that enable the WigWag software to do it's thing and meet their One Big Goal. While multi-radio hubs are shipping from several vendors, I think there is still room in the market for a better hub. The same applies to the Sensor. Especially if they provide the user with the best version of WigWag's One Big Goal. 2. WigWag needs a visual means of branding. It is much easier to brand hardware than software! Much of WigWag's software is hidden within the Relay, Sensor and the WigWag servers. The rule-building interface in the phone apps isn't unique enough to become a "brand" on its own, especially since it is built upon the Scratch programming interface. The blue and white softly curved WigWag hardware is good branding, along with their blue and white logo. 3. WigWag must have a physical presence in home stores. Home stores are where most of the other bits of home automation can be found. We download apps, not get them in a box. Yet only nerds realize that the WigWag "brains" are in the software. Most folks expect to buy a box of electronics to do a job like home automation. So WigWag needs to give them that box. Plus, we seem to expect to get most of our software for free these days. Only the gaming industry seems to make much money on direct software sales. Most other software is typically bundled with hardware (like Windows), with in-app purchases being the other main revenue stream. Sure enough, WigWag is giving its phone apps away for free. Let's take a moment to talk about a third way of making money in software: Subscriptions. When WigWag started, their plan was to charge for their cloud services, which is where the rule "compiler" would live (not in the phone app, and not in the Relay). KS Backers would be free for life, but all others would (eventually) pay an ongoing fee. Charging for access has worked for various media (TV programs, movies, ebooks, etc.), but only businesses seem to be OK with paying a recurring fee for software. And they aren't even "buying" the software! They typically get updates "for free" if they buy "service & support contracts". The software is a means to sell the service, not the other way around. But the market has become resistant to "software rentals", and it looks like WigWag will not be charging for their cloud services, at least not for the basic Rule Builder functionality. It is possible they could provide added-value services for a fee (such as partnering with a security company), but they have announced no plans in that direction. So that leaves WigWag with a single revenue source, at least in the short-to-middle term: Sell hardware. WigWag MUST make hardware! Which means they must also make GOOD hardware. Good-looking hardware a consumer would want in the home. And that explains all the other WigWag gadgets: Even if WigWag's other products are sold at near-cost, they will do two important things: 1) Create a tighter bond between WigWag and their customers, and 2) push competing hardware competitors into a race to the bottom. A race WigWag can win if they do indeed deliver on their One Big Goal, and establish themselves as a premium brand that sells at a reasonable price (in very high volume). Personally, I suspect WigWag grossly underestimated the resources needed to make hardware, which in turn took a huge bite out of their budgets and massively extended their schedules. But I suspect WigWag also underestimated just how much software it would take to fulfill their One Big Goal. So the hardware delay may have been a blessing in disguise. But only if they had enough software staff to do the job, and do it right. And that's the big question: Now that hardware is ready, how ready is the software? If WigWag fails to promptly deliver on the One Big Goal, they will very quickly disappear in a puff of smoke, like so many other Big Ideas before them. Well, there is an out: WigWag doesn't have to deliver much at all in terms of software to KS Backers. Delivering hardware that works is enough. The time between KS deliveries and the retail roll-out is WigWag's window to get all the pieces of the One Big Goal in place. If they get it right, the market is still there, waiting for them. But for how much longer? Ok ive just spent the last hour or two watching 'Smart things' reviews on youtube!!! I want a smart home now! PLEASE could someone persuade me not to write off the money i spent backing wigwag on kickstarter. I am very close to forgetting how much i spent on them in order to automate my home now! I dont even remember what I ordered...you could send me a small glowing tepee and I'd be wow that was worth the wait. I havent funded any project since this and other pie in the sky great deals...anyone that does is a fool. @WigWag, why don't you take your comments from here and combine them in to an update for everyone? It has been two months since you've updated your backers on your progress. My mistake... the demo I'm referring to was by Yash with his phone at his desk. Looking at the demo Ceci did in July using his phone to view a camera control lights and make lights turn on and off from a door contact sensor it looks like Wigwag is finally getting close. How are other critical features like port forwarding so when I leave my home I can still control things and view things and then when I return within range of my own home network I still have total control without having to reconfigure things. I see no reason in wasting time to change things like the brightness of an LED. Heck if I think it is too bright I will use the hot air desoldering station at my work desk to change the resistor value limiting the LED current. Those are things that do not really add value to the project. Spending all the time you can testing software and hardware integration will do far more for your project than the 'just right' LED brightness because if it doesn't work right it will be tossed aside and never used which will mean NO repeat customers for your other products. When are you shipping products to the rest of your Kickstarter Backers? What is your timeline on the Sensor Block, Glowline, Enclosure Sensor, and 4x Relay Extension, and Presence Tags? I really do think far too much energy has been spent on making the Relay look pretty when it is a device that will sit in cupboards and behind TVs next to the equally hidden broadband router. Do the Beta testers have them on their bedside cabinet for some reason? If it is too bright stick some tape over the LED. Please don't burn time adding LED dimming. This is the sort of luxury Apple can afford to indulge, WigWag just need to get to shipping ASAP. August 28th, "We're in Beta" .. then nothing. Nothing at all and it's now October 29th, 2 months later. You give us an update 2 weeks ago via the comments that there were updates on the WigWag talk boards. I go look and the feedback from the beta shows there are still hardware changes happening. If you're going to run a beta, be transparent, let us know how it's progressing in some easy to read way. Like a weekly update with notes covering the feedback from the beta so we can see what you're doing. I've desperately wanted to believe that WigWag was around the corner for so long, but now I'm working with Arduinos and Raspberry Pi's to do all the same stuff. I have a 3d printer, I can make my own enclosures. Please just deliver something! Please post updates in Kickstarter, not just your forum. As per the Kickstarter rules. If you post updates on Kickstarter in the update section we get notified. If you post in your forum and just link in the comments we don't get any notification at all! Given this is already unreasonably late, it's LITERALLY the least you can do. Ditto please refund me also Refund me. Well this is campaign is now 100% dead to me, i am now a beta tester on the Samsung SmartThings home starterkit, which will do everything wanted to do with WigWag. what a shame that this took so long, with such awful communication. It's been so long since this project started that the iPhone depicted is the great-great-grandfather of the current iPhone. After all I do not if I see in my house wigwag. I'm Italian and I do not live in Washington and I'll never have my money back. I'm sad. Hello when are the rewards expected to be shipped out???? Just putting this out there... <url>"relay" device, many zwave based commercial solutions provide exactly the same if not better capabilities for the same price, Philips already provide a "glow line" compatible with their hue system (somehow I doubt wig wag are going to be able to compete there), unfortunately even if we get our rewards they will be redundant even before we get them. Really might as well give up and refund everyone that is not willing to wait any longer now, as well as give up and scrap the "glow line" concept now, should just integrate with hue instead for that capability. I still want the product as I have not replaced it with anything else. It's just frustrating that it's taking so long, the product has real potential, but as others have mentioned, they have missed the market. @AbdulQabiz: If I were a nasty company with very late KS campaign fulfillment, and somebody asked me for a refund, I would interpret that as their not desiring the product, and would move them completely off of the fulfillment shipping queue. I wouldn't even count their pledge in the production run. Then, maybe a year later, if the revenues exist after the retail roll-out, I'd give them a refund. But they'd wait at least an extra year for it. And I, being a very evil company, would thank them for the multi-year interest-free loan. Fortunately, WigWag is NOT a nasty company. At least not yet. They are merely very late and not talking much. But they are making progress, so there is still hope. Given all that , I think the best course of action is to keep your pledge active, wait for your hardware to arrive, then if you still don't want it, you can sell it on eBay or Craigslist. I am yet to get my reward. Please refund my money. @WhiteNitro If I knew the hardware that you backed (and wanted that specific hardware), had a real attractive offer from you, along with a means to conduct the transfer, then I would consider purchasing the prospective hardware from you. However, that is a lot of "ifs". David - if you have the patience you can scroll back to my October 22, 2014 comment where I asked the same questions. Here is a still relevant excerpt: "So – Can I get a refund? Because it seems you are weeks or months (8/24/15 edit : years?!) away from shipping anything because you keep optimizing for the future business. But even if it was overnighted to me tomorrow, I worry it wouldn't be worth learning your proprietary system because, to quote another backer, you have already been lapped by the competition and your haven't even shipped yet." I didn't receive any reply and we are coming up on a year since my last comment. Like others on this list, I have bought or built my own solution months ago. So here is another suggestion/question... I no longer expect to get a refund anywhere near my pledge. But realistically, if I ever get your product, I won't want to invest the time to learn yet another custom system so I am either going to chuck in straight into a landfill unused or donate it to a local makerspace to be stripped for parts. Since neither option is great for the planet, can you not build nor ship my unit but refund me the raw cost of manufacturing and postage? Don't build or ship my reward and refund me the amount you save? How about that? $20 in my pocket and one less obsolete piece of dated hardware seems like a good deal. You can keep the other 90% of my money. Is it just me or Kickstarter supposed to be the beta test, isn't that we essentially agree to when we pledge. I personally wouldn't mind getting a complete unit with a basic case, it doesn't have to be perfect, that's kind of the idea of Kickstarter. Of course there will be those that want a fully finished product, but then you get the delays like we have on this project. I would like to get a refund too. I have finished my smart home during 2 years of waiting. Is there anything we can do to get a refund? After 2 years of no product I have completely fitted my house with smart things devices and have no real use for this anymore. <url>#crnt I believe under kickstarter's rules you have to post all updates here not on a separate forum. Has any actual backer here actually received a beta unit?? Would you please confirm. Ceci, I know WigWag would love to avoid all further contact with Kickstarter, but it is important for WigWag to remember that we were KS Backers first, and WigWag customers second. WigWag went to Kickstarter to reach us, not the other way around. While I very much doubt I'll ever buy another WigWag product, I have every intention to back other Kickstarter projects (and already have). This is the right place for WigWag to make announcements. Well, that's actually what Updates are for, but it seems WigWag is unwilling to use that Kickstarter feature any more. WigWag, how about updating your 1,694 backers of this project. You can update your Forum, but can't seem to update your kickstart page, where your supporters go to see the status...! <url>“Product”) against defects in materials and/or workmanship under normal use for a period of 90 days from the date of purchase ............ Is this blog entry a positive sign? <url>"real" KS Project Update be too much to ask for? If they did, it would be #48, which would bring their update "average" to two per month, something I'd very much like to see maintained going forward. We should do something in 10 days time to celebrate / commiserate 2 years since this project was funded !! Perhaps WigWag could run a live online demo / Q&A on status ?? How do we go about getting a refund of our pledges, I for one am fed up with waiting, this is now nearly 2 years over what was originally promised with still no date in sight, this product has also been superseded by other products I could buy off the shelf now without having to wait a still unspecified period. The problem here is that they overcomitted and made their project way bigger than it needed to be. They should have made the software is the primary with just one gizmo...and then go on to other Kickstarters to fund the rest of the parts. Also I dont understand why the Betas? The Kickstarter backers are the Betas! Send us the first working copies...and we will be your support team to provide feedback. At least thats how I would do it. It satisfies us that we finally have something in our hands and it satisfies them to get the feedback to improve their products and software. In the time its taken them to do all this sillyness, Ive gotten my fully working Canary and fully working Ninja Sphere. This project has been a poorly handled joke from the get go. If they can't manage a timeline. Maybe they could create a progress checklist or tasks completed and in a progressive traffic light status eg red not complete, orange in progress, green complete. What do we think?? Any chance to get an update and realistic estimate when you will start shipping ? Hey! I think we've reached the point where we can stop all this bashing and finally say something positive about WigWag! "Well, at lest they aren't dead yet." Yes, it is time for us to be thankful for the little things. Latest useful update on the talk website was "Yes, some Relays are going to private beta parties - some of whom are KS backers. This will likely result in finding issues we did not know about. It will then be a few more weeks to fix these issues... This Beta does not have ZigBee, Z-Wave or BT support in it. We are at least another 45 days from that Beta." My translation - don't expect anything this year....... :( In my opinion this project has been a talk of half truths and lies since day one Just wondering what the updated ship date is? Have you gone through the FCC testing yet? Give us a status update! From the initial campaign they made it sound like all this work had already been done... "How far along is WigWag in the production process? As per Kickstarter guidelines, everything you see is a real physical prototype. We have a working Sensor Block, Glowline and Relay, and our cloud service is running for internal testing. The iPhone app you see in the video/pictures actually runs today, controlling and creating rules, and our Android app is underway. All boards are designed by WigWag and manufactured in Wuxi, China. The cases shown were printed on 3D printers. Our design, development and assembly happens in Austin, TX USA. When will I receive my products? Timeline: June: Kickstarter launch August: Kickstarter campaign ends, funded September: Molds built, FCC and CE compliance testing: Dev Kit boards built October: Dev kits ship, production boards & molds built November: final assembly and shipment Circuit boards and plastics will be manufactured in China, and final assembly / testing / shipping of products will take place in Austin, TX. All rewards should be shipped to backers by November 2013." Oh, and the phone apps. The Software Engineers also need to do those. Easily 3 man-years of work, longer if you don't have the best Software Engineers. You'll notice I omitted grading the Software Engineers. They almost certainly bit off more than they could chew, and I believe they've needed every bit of the schedule delays created by management. Let's look at their work list: 1. Firmware for each hardware product. - Contiki on Relay and Sensor - Bare-metal (?) on other products. 2. DeviceJS layer for product interfaces. 3. Rule Composer (based on Scratch interface) 4. Rule Compiler 5. Rule Engine. 6. Cloud Server 7. Notification system 8. Production test software (they need to make test jigs for each hardware component). And that's just off the top of my head. I'm certain there's more. That said, I'm very concerned that only the simplest demos have been shown. I suspect only the device firmware may be ready, and maybe the production test jigs, but the higher levels may well still be prototypes that aren't ready for Prime Time. I do believe the Software Engineers will succeed, but perhaps not by the time the hardware ships. The initial release may well be only slightly better than YARC (Yet Another Remote Control), roughtly equivalent to the Wink Hub. I expect they will need a few months (and a few updates) after shipment to get it all implemented and working. So, from what I can see, Software Engineering is the closest to failing of any part of Engineering, but is massively better than Management. So let's call it a provisional D. teetering between C and F. So ready for a refund.... BOB C. "Management is also responsible for making External Communication happen. Another part of their big fat F." = Message for management: The truth sets you free. Tell it like it is. Where are you at? That would be Respectful and Considerate. I haven't given up but am damn disappointed. Wise words as usual bob, wish you were CEO!! And that's why there will be no refunds: WigWag needs every cent of every dollar they have. I've been a harsh critic of WigWag, but I hope a fair and constructive one. According to WigWag's incorporation record, they've been around since 2008, though I don't know if they have been working on home automation that whole time. The "real" timer started when the engineers gave up their day jobs, which had to be some time before the KS campaign. Let's guess a year, to be very generous. So that's 3 years of full-time investment so far. The question is simple: Is 3 years enough to complete a job like this? Well, that would depend on just what the job IS. It is important to understand WigWag is building a "full stack" product. There has been HA software for well over 30 years, but only engineers could use it. There have also been HA hardware devices for at least 40 years, but they were expensive limited, and clunky. To the best of my knowledge, there has never been a functional full-stack system that could be installed, configured, and operated by an intelligent homeowner. There have been full-stack HA system vendors, but only millionaires and large companies could afford their services, and often had to be designed into a home before it was built. This is because HA is actually the ugly stepchild of Industrial Automation. When you are building a $100M factory, spending $5M on automation is a rounding error. Consumers want HA for under $1K, and they want it to be as smart as the HAL 9000. What we've seen so far are ever more elaborate remote controls for your lights, with minimal intelligence. The first truly intelligent mass-market HA device was probably Nest, but it was self-contained, and not part of a larger HA stack. Wink shipped the first mass-market HA "pure" integration hub (there have been many prior ones, but they were vendor-specific), but Wink initially just made a better remote controller that could talk to more products. Only recently have they added their "Robots" feature supporting very simple rules that are awkward to create. PCs and smartphones have had app integration tools for at least a decade, but again they were useful only to those with programming experience. That changed when IFTTT (the company) shipped their product, but it only integrated apps and data, not real-world hardware (other than the phone hardware, of course). How long do you think it took Zigbee and Z-Wave designers to develop their sensor modules? How long do you think it took Wink to develop their Hub? How long do you think it took IFTTT to develop their app? That's roughly the scale of the project WigWag has taken on. WigWag is trying to do a full-stack product, the first of its kind ever (which is why we all pledged). That is at least a 3-year project, even with a large team. And not only are they doing a full-stack, but they are also wrapping their arms around a vast number of existing HA products in the market. The key to this effort is extraordinarily flexible middleware, DeviceJS, which would be a worthy product and project on its own. It was simple joyful optimism that made the WigWag folks think their prototypes had anything to do with the dual realities of reliability and mass-production. Even when I pledged, I doubted the November shipment goal was possible, based only on the number of hardware products they were developing: Pre-production spins are a fact of engineering that startups very often fail to account for. And I knew they would be VERY late when they started doing artsy-fartsy enclosures (which add NO VALUE to the functionality of the product). And the trips to China, and the trans-global spin delay times, well, don't get me started on that folly. They should have done all prototyping and initial production locally, and gradually phased in production from China. So, WigWag has taken on a massive task, "full-stack HA", and they have done some truly amazing engineering to make it happen. WigWag's "mistakes" are all failures of management, not engineering. A seasoned manager would have known a November promise was silly. But then again, what if the KS Campaign had said it would be TWO YEARS until delivery? I very much doubt any of us would have pledged: KS is strongly oriented toward "immediate gratification". So, they lied. I can't say if the lie was intentional or not, but KS itself does no peer-review of campaign submissions: They want every campaign to be successfully funded so they will get their 5%. So, there's that to consider and take into account. It's just how the system works. So, if we "forget" that any delivery date was every promised, how should we grade WigWag on what they've done since the KS campaign was funded? Let's do the grading with the assumption that WigWag will eventually deliver everything they have promised. Minor details may change, but nothing major: Let's assume we will get the Full-Stack. First, Electrical Engineering gets at least a B, perhaps an A. They set realistic goals and stuck to them. Mechanical Engineering gets a lower grade, but still passing, since the enclosures do look great, and I expect they will also be very durable. But Management gets an F. No two ways about it. A case of the blind and clueless leading the talented. Since management doesn't do product design, they don't get to share any of the Engineer's glow. This is because, to a large extent, Management WAS Engineers! Not Ex-Engineers, but actual live product engineers. One person could possible be talented in both domains simultaneously, but it is IMPOSSIBLE for one person to do both JOBS simultaneously! One job or the other will suffer, and in this case Management went to hell. That's why they've announced no ship dates: Management doesn't know how to do that. All the schedules they've made have been bad and failed schedules. At this point, there is no reason for us to expect that to change. But, somehow, the Engineers will make it happen. Even with bad management, the Engineers persist. I have confidence in WigWag's Engineers. The ONLY thing WigWag management must do is manage the money (they can't manage the schedule). The WigWag management must: 1. Ensure there are and will continue be funds available to manufacture, package and ship every one of their KS commitments 2. Keep the lights on. 3. Pay their Engineers. That's the main thing that has me worried: WigWag Management MUST NOT fail at the most important thing they MUST accomplish on their own (without relying on the Engineers for success): FINANCE. Management is also responsible for making External Communication happen. Another part of their big fat F. But I have hope that the Engineers will persevere (both in the US and in China), and we all will get the products we expect. Eventually. So long as the cash holds out. Give us our money back u Thieves. It's been almost 2 years. U should all be in jail. The truth sets you free. If you are having trouble with certifications, design, $$, shipping, etc. at least keep your backers (the one that brought you here) abreast of the situation and say it. Here on kickstarter. This is not difficult and can easily be done every month. Trust is everything not building trust and then maintain it with the community does not help your future. I'm not pissed. I am very unhappy. You don't like to be treated that way anytime in your life. I can only judge and base myself on experience: future customers of wigwag will be treated the same way (or worse since backers should get a little more credit) we are now. Not good. How would you feel if YOU were treated this way after dishing out 600$+ ? "Be respectful and considerate" applies to EVERYONE. CBY Haha good luck with that Michael Cancel $639! Refund $639. MICHAEL F. PRICE 281 E. NOBLE LN. FAYETTEVILLE, AR 72703 <email> I always like to visit here from time to time and reminisce about when I trusted these clowns to actually deliver on their promise. Those were the days. @ww I have been over to the Wig Wag forum and still see no answers regarding shipping, when intact it is the number question. so please just answer the simple question when do you intend shipping anything? @WW, all of us who are still posting here are the same people who are actively posting on the talk forum. I know your intentions are good but I think it's kind of funny that you just spent four paragraphs explaining why we should go over there, rather than just giving us an update on how things are coming along. You also might notice that two days ago Eric on the talk forum asked how the most recent hardware spin was going. He hasn't received a response yet. Sorry WigWag, your logic is badly broken. Let me break it down for you. Post updates to BOTH KS and the forum (it's really no extra effort on your part, unless you want us to question your mental competency). The KS copy should simply include a link to the Forum post/thread, and request all discussion go there. PLEASE do this VERY simple thing! Shipping ... Given there is clearly an appetite for backers to receive their updates via the Kickstarter system and given how easy it is to post Kickstarter updates shouldn't you listen the wishes of your backers and post updates here? I personally don't want to have to check the forums of every project I back when there is a perfectly good update system here to keep all the comms in one place. @ D. Belot Exactly, no excuse for lack of communications and transparency. @ Familia Guzman I said we that does not mean everyone must, if option is there you can chose to not do it. You are excused. I have been supportive of WW since the beginning. I even sent them a PM offering to invest a $100k or more to pay for manufacturing. It appears they are working hard, but I don't understand the lack of communication. I manage millions of dollars in revenue, have conference calls, meetings, deal with HR and IT issues, and still have time to respond to 50 emails daily. I am very busy but make time to keep people informed because satisfaction and perception are important. How about an update with completion percentages and a projected timeline? We are going to hit two years soon. +1 @ Familia Guzman. I too am interested in any information that comes out from WigWag. @Naeem speak for yourself. I am very interested in every update WigWag post. so i guess reminder of update is in response to me post as usually you dont even bother to provide update and now reminder from you is first for me we are not interested in out of the scope and empty updates Legal action has been instigated in the U.S. against a man who used $122,000 raised on Kickstarter for a new game to spend on himself. <url>"talk" forum to post your updates, but I accept it must be in some way more convenient for you. But, I do ask politely, CAN YOU PLEASE TAKE A SECOND LONGER TO YOUR TALK POSTS AND COME HERE TO Kickstarter AND JUST POST AN EXTREMELY SHORT LINK TO THE TALK FORUM SAYING "NEW UPDATE AVAILABLE HERE talk.whatever.com" At least this way all your backers will get notification and they only need to follow the link. I am sure this would not take up too much of your time. Do all you other backers think something like this is a fair request? Would really like to get my money back at this point. Kickstarter Backers have been used and abused on this one to the tune of $ 268.50 per backer (My funding was higher - my mistake). When can we expect to get our product? I already seen this on Amazon like a year ago and still not even finished :( No, not dead. Head on over to talk.wigwag.com to follow the progress. So is this project DEAD? I have already started using a similar product for my home automation and I love it. @Grant sadly those are all so vague that you could say that the 'video of the lights being turned on' that we see every couple of months counts as: "made every reasonable effort to complete the project as promised" - a lawyer definitely drafted those bullshit terms. @Dave drop the www. part, talk.wigwag.com is all that is needed. <url>"This webpage is not available" - is this temporary? When a project is successfully funded, the creator must complete the project and fulfill each reward. Once a creator has done so, they’ve satisfied their obligation to their backers. Throughout the process, creators owe their backers a high standard of effort, honest communication, and a dedication to bringing the project to life. At the same time, backers must understand that when they back a project, they’re helping to create something new — not ordering something that already exists. There may be changes or delays, and there’s a chance something could happen that prevents the creator from being able to finish the project as promised. If a creator is unable to complete their project and fulfill rewards, they’ve failed to live up to the basic obligations of this agreement. To right this, they must make every reasonable effort to find another way of bringing the project to the best possible conclusion for backers. A creator in this position has only remedied the situation and met their obligations to backers if: they post an update that explains what work has been done, how funds were used, and what prevents them from finishing the project as planned; they work diligently and in good faith to bring the project to the best possible conclusion in a timeframe that’s communicated to backers; they’re able to demonstrate that they’ve used funds appropriately and made every reasonable effort to complete the project as promised; they’ve been honest, and have made no material misrepresentations in their communication to backers; and they offer to return any remaining funds to backers who have not received their reward (in proportion to the amounts pledged), or else explain how those funds will be used to complete the project in some alternate form. The creator is solely responsible for fulfilling the promises made in their project. If they’re unable to satisfy the terms of this agreement, they may be subject to legal action by backers. This from Kickstarter If you want updates please check www.talk.wigwag.com there was update today about IR window fix plus other mini updates I remember the ZPM campaign. Scaling a garage business is tough. Good thing WigWag uses no motors or fluiids! I wonder if the lesson learned is to actively avoid "excessive success" and the demands of scaling for mass production, and (at least initially) keep the scope within known (actual) production capabilities. Does anyone know if a hardware (electrical, mechanical, electronic) KS campaign has ever intentionally limited its number of backers? Well, another possibility for going silent is the SEC-mandated "quiet period" (AKA "cooling-off period") while a company registers to do an IPO. Which I very much doubt could apply to WigWag, because it has no shipping products and no revenues. Quiet periods are sometimes mandated during the "due diligence" period preceding a company purchase, but this is relatively rare. I did a quick check to see if WigWag was being vetted by any of the usual tech deal brokers, and found nothing (not surprising). There may be good reasons for a large company wanting to get into the home IoT market to want to consider buying WigWag. A decent match could be a company like Stanley/Black&Decker (SBD), who already has a respected brand and committed shelf space in all home improvement stores, and also has deep manufacturing, distribution and retail experience. But if I were SBD, I'd **INSIST** that WigWag FIRST get rid of all those impatient, noisy, annoying, whining, know-it-all KS backers! Article about a crowd funded project that failed: <url>"Filament is ready to ship - it's firmware is complete. Some Relay software + cloud services fixes are what are delaying us on Lighting kits. We are waiting on plastics and firmware fixes for Sensor." What happened guys? Run out of steam? I hope there's no bump that you've hit and not telling your backers about. It's not good enough redirecting us to your forum. You were good at keeping us informed. Remember we got you to where you are today. Update please. I'm sure you are accountable to your investors. And they certainly would expect a timeline of product availability. So as to have a return of their investment. And just as certain as we are backers that have invested faith in a product we believed in. Surely we too are due some return on our investment, at least a schedule of when we can reasonably expect products?? What do you think WigWag - other backers? 1,694 backers for a total of $454,976 pledged. 606 days passed since funding (as of 4/15/2015), 46 updates, no update in about 3 months. Zero shipped products. Seems to me that one of the 1,694 backers would start legal action against the company - it would probably have the requirements (numerosity, commonality, typicality, and adequacy) for a class action. Where's my money? in one of your convention center showoff or in a trip to china? or in an in-depth analysis on how you trail off competitions? By the time this will be out the code will be outdated. Im really frustrated. @WigWag is the Meg Griffin of Kickstarter I dont want an indepth update. I want a timeline and a product or a refund. They should be able to find some time to communicate at least about this. @grant - agree there is a link to the store, but no mention of their products in any of the articles. Given that @wigwag recently said "Posting in depth updates takes a great deal of time away from the people - the engineers - who are trying to produce the first WigWag devices. As Ceci has noted, we will post intermediate, brief updates on talk.wigwag.com. We are sure you all agree: focusing 100% on getting working devices out the door should be our primary focus." I remain frustrated that they would spend time putting this blog together yet not provide a full update on status for backers. @david <url>"No Chris! - we are here! working hard to get product shipping... Easter Sunday and there are people in the office right now." No February 2015 KS Update, no March 2015 KS Update. Is there a pattern here? GIVE US OUR MONEY BACK , and thanks for all the updates. wigwag please take note, once again this is how you handle delays: <url>"newsletter" style). Those updates don't really tell us anything about their overall progress, just cherry-picking the good news from what appears to be largely bad news. Clearly WigWag sees only two possible update strategies: "Newsletter" and "Silence", and my post was to make it very clear that a fast, simple, brief yet informative update is a very real alternative between their two extremes. I get very pissed when an organization uses flagrant laziness to justify not communicating. If they are too lazy to communicate externally, I can only assume they also aren't communicating internally. And that is very scary. Especially when they feed it to backers. And, presumably, to their investors as well. Silence can be a useful strategy, but they screwed up royally when they used invalid reasoning to justify it. So is there a mini update maybe? @eric I see. Apologies Charles, you'd have to read back in the comment history to understand my comment. A month or two ago, I asked WW about an update, and the absurd comment about being a kid in the back seat was what Bob said to me. I was pointing out the hypocrisy. @Bob, that is exactly what I don't understand. I'm a software engineer and I can, in 5 minutes, compile a complete progress report on any given project we are working on. Even ones that include hardware creation. They keep saying they will post little updates on talk.wigwag.com. Yet, there had only been one that consider of a few pictures of more plastics once again. @Eric If my normal 6 hr family vacation drive had taken a month instead, you better believe I'd be shouting from the back demanding an explanation Hey, Bob... At this point, it may make more sense to stop being the impatient kid in the back seat repeatedly shouting "Are we there yet?" I want to emphasize that my prior post describes a minimal, easy progress report. I understand (and agree) that the newsletter-style updates are time consuming. So report something simpler instead, just a list of numbers you absolutely should be looking at anyway. It is total BS that WigWag can't take the time to post updates. If they have an actual project plan, then they only need report progress on that plan. This makes me think they really have no plan, and are stumbling from crisis to crisis in a tunnel that has no light at the end. OK WigWag, here are the steps required to determine and report minimal progress tracking: 1. Make a list of every top-level thing that must be completed before backer orders can ship. You already have this, right? 2. Assign an internal budget to each item (dollars, man-hours, calendar days, whatever units are appropriate). 3. List all completed items as "100%". This means "No further work will be done on this item. None at all. Zip. Nada. Zilch. We shot that engineer." 4. Compute the budget expended to date on all incomplete items. Divide the budget amount expended by the total item budget to determine the percent budget consumed. 5. List when he budget for any item is increased, and by how much (in percent). The new percent complete will be 100 minus the percentage budget increase. BTW, this includes items previously reported as "complete" that turn out to need additional work. Simple enough? Please note the following characteristics of the above list that ensure no inappropriate or sensitive information is disclosed: A. Only percentages are reported. No dates, dollars or hours. We don't care what KIND of progress you are making, just that your are measuring it and can report a delta as a percentage of the total. B. Slips are clearly visible (percentage goes backwards). Stating a reason for the slip is optional, but highly desired. This kind of information is naturally reported by every project management tool I've ever seen. It is typically part of a standard top-level management report. The above assumes, of course, that a project management tool is being used. I agree that you should be focusing on filling our rewards, but I still think it is better to keep us in the loop - at least once a month, no matter how small. It makes us feel you care and that is why we are along the for ride also. Not just waiting until you eventually give us the products when will you start shipping? Is the plan to ship Relays and Sensor Blocks when ready, or will you be waiting for other components (i.e. Light Strip) to ship all at once? Still commenting on Twitter, yet won't give us the timeline??? Is there an update on when the backers will receive the products? Have anyone become a reward ? Update has been underway for 15 days ! This from wigwag on March 5. Hi Grant, I completely understand your frustration with the lack of Kickstarter updates. These past few weeks have been extremely busy for us, and because our team is so small and our updates require a lot of time to collect all the details from each facet of our company, we have not had the time to post an adequate update. As requested by our backers, we have cut back posting on our Facebook page and Twitter so that we can focus on making our products the best they can be and getting them into your hands. We will post an update to Kickstarter as soon as possible with more details on our production status. For the time being, we are posting smaller updates and answering questions on our forum. Last week, we just posted some new photos of the Sensor Block on our WigWag Talk forum, as well as some information on its production status here: <url>"50% from KS" can be treated as a rough guideline, which is probably false. What may be more correct is "Design, production and shipping from KS money", and "Prototypes, production setup, sales, marketing, and facilities from non-KS money.". To me, this means that to produce product for KS backers the team should minimize the need for all items from the above list that require non-KS funding, at least until those funds are actually in-hand. Use off-the-shelf cases, possibly slightly customized (sticker or paint). Work with established local third parties to limit fixed expenses (especially travel), limitcommunication/shipping delays, and reduce learning curves. Personally, the only WigWag product packaging I care about is for the door sensor and the tag, which are the only two that can't be easily hidden. And I don't care if the product ships in bubble wrap instead of a fancy retail box that I'll immediately discard. What if, a year ago, WigWag had said something like: "Sorry, the fancy packing looks to be way too expensive and is taking too long to develop. The same applies to our Chinese production facilities. Product for KS-backers will ship with simpler packaging. We will make low-cost (zero-profit) fancy packaging available to KS-backers as part of our commercial roll-out. We will instead use a local board house, which will speed up deliveries and reduce shipping costs. We will not use KS backer money to fund all the extra work needed for our commercial roll-out, and we will not let roll-out work make KS backers wait longer for their product. Similarly, the initial software will be beta quality, but will steadily improve with your feedback." Would you have preferred the above to the present situation? What other lessons for future consumer hardware KS projects can be learned from WigWag and Plugaway? How did Wink come to market? Where did their money come from, and does anyone know if they considered crowdfunding? Still no update ? Hope they get that update out today. Really want to get final delivery time frames Plugaway (another KS project I backed) just went down the drain yesterday. I have full confidence that WigWag will deliver, but after the Plugaway news I would certainly like an update sooner rather than later. I personally would rather see more frequent smaller updates - even if they are along the lines of we are still at x stage, rather than saying an update is coming (with the assumption you are waiting on some result/feedback/testing etc), and then delaying it. Please commit to updating more frequently. Where is the update ? It was under way 8 days ago !! My friends visit my house and tease me about the "awesome home automation system" I paid for 18 months ago. Thanks WW! But seriously, can you guys go back to your commitment to weekly updates (update #17). It isn't that hard to write a brief synopsis about what's going on. Backers wouldn't be as cranky if they saw the progress happening. Hope you guys are making it over the final hurdles. Hope that update is due this weekend I wish WigWag were more like Pebble... Estimated Delivery Each reward tier may have a different estimated shipment month. While we do not expect these to change, it is possible that the estimated shipment month may shift. At anytime up until your watch has shipped, you may request a full refund by emailing <email>. Warranty We stand firmly behind our products. Each Pebble Time includes with a 30 day (after you receive it) money back guarantee and minimum 1 year limited warranty. For more information, please see <url>"start" a business, but must use funds solely to deliver perks, rewards, whatever. WW has made no secret that they incorporated in China, were going after VC, attending trade shows, etc. With the admission in one of the updates sometime ago that delivery would not happen without additional VC funding it was obvious, to me, that the KS funds were not really spent with a focus on hardware delivery, but on the intangibles required to convince larger fish to pony up more cash. I'm not rooting for WW to fail, far from it as I have $1000's tied up with them, but on the other hand I am disgusted looking at the number of KS projects were I have lost everything and there is no accountability. At the very least I would expect the minimum accounting of funds that KS says is owed to us if a project fails. Anyway, is it wrong to think that projects should at least be held accountable to the T&C's that they agreed to. Lord knows we as backers are reminded enough that this isn't a store and we have no right to complain about delays, etc. Shouldn't KS be reminding creators of their obligations as well? If i hadnt thrown money at this i would have bought smarthings along time ago! Come on wigwag the least you can do is update us on how things are going! Almost 1 month since the last update - please give us a real update ASAP I'm still rooting for Wigwag, but they're kicking my butt with these delays and no info. ok granted I got the timeline wrong by a couple of month. Does not really change the big picture though, they still lapped them. And its not about first to market or second or third or a hundredth anymore. Its an actual clear path to market. At this pace we are looking at another year for everything to come together at least. If openness mattered in the consumer market Linux would be king. @Khalil, couple of points you have incorrect there; SmartThings funding finished and then WigWag launched soon after. I know because I found out about ST 2 hours after funding finished. I was bummed out but then WigWag showed up. Time will tell how successful WW will be after they deliver. They are still working on the product and I believe fully intend to deliver it. Just because a product is not first to market does not automatically mean it can't succeed. I think WW software and its openness will set it apart. But that is just my 2 cents... Unfortunately, they will never give a refund to any Kickstarter backers. The delay isn't even the issue for me. It's the complete lack of transparency and candor with us backers. Seeing as we are on the second year of delays with no real progress at all, and that you clearly can not and will not fulfill your pledges, I need a refund. Smarthings was after you and not only acheived their goals before you and better, they have lapped you by now. And in the mean time everyone and their dog has a home automation solution. You can not and will not succeed anymore, you've missed the boat of relevancy and quite honestly your brand's reputation could not be any lower. Its time to face the music, refunds now. I would like a refund please. I'm not willing to slam Wigwag on social media, and never have. I was just making a comment about my concern that they don't seem to be getting any closer to production and somehow that wasn't a justifiable question/comment according to another backer. My frustration is they continue to spend our money on trade shows and promotion rather than on delivering. In addition they find time to facebook / tweet regularly but not update here. I fear it is because people commenting here has no impact - only backers who can't get a refund see it. Posts on facebook / Twitter can be seen by all.... Ok @BC1990 yeah you are right we invested but that dosent mean mean that we dont have the holy right to ASK !!!! every holy day !!! and wig wag is the only company in the world that has no dead line !! if they dont know when they are going to be done that is really bad because a company that took half a million almost and can't plan a deadline is in lots of trouble!! NO we don't expect anymore refunds but we have the holy right to know what they are have been doing now over months !! Ah yeah forgot the plastic mold texture and colours didn't feel right ... yeah go and spend some more time at mcdonalds ... BC = Bob Cunningham? Quite an odd coincidence. @Eric How is that an absurd analogy? From what I can see it is a correct analogy. Yes it would be nice to have a shipping date but did it ever occur to anyone that WigWag does not know when they will be shipping? They don't want to put a date up and then fail to meet it again and have all the villagers go grab their torches and pitchforks. I understand the frustration as I invested money into this project too (and not just the $1 for the updates) but everyone whining about wanting a refund needs to stay of Kickstarter and stick to Amazon. You’re backing an idea not a product. "Kickstarter does not guarantee projects or investigate a creator's ability to complete their project. On Kickstarter, backers (you!) ultimately decide the validity and worthiness of a project by whether they decide to fund it." that is straight from the Kickstarter FAQs, You are responsible to determining if a project is viable or not, if you buy stock and the price falls you wouldn't expect a full refund at the price you purchased the stock from would you? It is the same concept here, you made an investment in a company in which you may (or may not) receive a product in return. I have no doubts that WigWag will produce the products they promised and I for one am happy I am not receiving some half finished product. I have managed to live without WigWag this long and I think I can continue to survive until it ships. Back the car trip analogy, I would much rather wait and get to Disney World then go to the ball pit at McDonalds...but that is just my opinion Did you really just say that backers are like a bunch of impatient kids in the back seat? I'm not sure how to respond to such an absurd analogy. At this point, it may make more sense to stop being the impatient kid in the back seat repeatedly shouting "Are we there yet?", and instead resign ourselves to a longer trip. I've decided that anything shipping before June would be great. And I won't reset my expectations again before then. I'm now officially on vacation from WigWag Worrying. If they really are nearing production, you would think that the communication would improve in frequency and content. any update on current progress, projected delivery date? Update ??? I will move soon, a roughly time frame on shipping would be nice... me, too, want to know, when wigwag will be at least available... Come on wigwag, please commit to an estimate of delivery so we can make plans to build our systems Pity we can't get a refund like you can on the website!! When is shipping??? Lol Hey, I'm on a roll... I once worked with a vendor who made amazing hardware, and what looked like very decent software that worked well for every one of their demo scenarios. But when I got my hands on one of their prototype systems, I encountered many, many bugs. Their initial responses were: "You want it to do WHAT?" "Why would you want to do that?" "Well, it's really a documentation bug: We never intended it to do that or work that way." To which my reply was to repeatedly echo Rule #1: The Customer is Always Right (and if you disagree, the customer will shop elsewhere). More realistically, I had to convince that the features I asked for were a logical subset of what they promised, not a superset, and thus wer implicitly promised by their design, if not the initial implementation. By the time we were through, other customers were getting the changes and fixes I "persuaded" them to implement, and their equipment got unprecedentedly favorable reviews (in a very tough market segment). The moral of the story? Getting "real" customer feedback as early as possible is vital, even if you have to ship crap software to those "lucky" alpha/beta customers. And have those customers "clarify" your product design for you. Which is what I strive for in my own projects. I actually get nervous when I'm not getting truly independent feedback. The value of a "lead customer" is beyond price: It serves to keep the Engineering team focused on the real-world end-goal (instead of the one we originally pulled out of our butts). A great idea, no matter how well implemented, matters not at all unless and until the customers agree that it is a great idea TO THEM. And that agreement comes only from hands-on experience, and not from any hype or initial enthusiasm or successful KS project. WigWag should at least ship a software simulator, even at this late date. Oh gawd, the software: By working in a closed ecosystem with minimal external input, they could be creating software that will please only themselves. Like Microsoft did with Windows Vista and 8.0. Assuming the hardware finally ships mid-year, will we then need to wait another two years to get software that actually works for us the way WE need it to? WigWag 10, anyone? OK, while I'm venting... What WigWag SHOULD have done was: 1. Get software simulators to all backers right when the delays started. We could have been doing much of our learning and implementation (not to mention helping debug their software) while enduring the hardware delays. We could have been engaged more and aggravated less. 2. WigWag should have built and tested their tooling locally, in Austin, then shipped known-good tooling to China. That could have prevented months of delays: Product prototypes and the Chinese operation could have proceeded in parallel. And it probably wouldn't have cost more: Here in San Diego I know a retired mechanical engineer who got bored and installed a full CAD/CAM shop in his garage, and he does absolutely amazing work at amazingly good rates. I'm absolutely certain there are similar Masters in Austin. But WigWag had China Fever right from the start; they (and we) are paying a heavy penalty for it. Ain't 20-20 hindsight wonderful? BTW: I have lost money on other crowd-funded projects (but not on KS, not yet at least). That's the risk we all agreed to right up front! It will sting a bit, but I can handle losing my WigWag investment. The real loss is the time, years of progress on my home automation hobby. My real frustration is my reluctance to invest in other products now, and work with/on them, then repeat much of that effort when my WigWag stuff finally arrives. It's a limbo/purgatory kind of situation. I like my hobbies to be full of accomplishment, not frustration. In all truth, at most WigWag can be blamed only for being over-ambitious (resulting in extreme delays). They appear to be executing well (quality-wise, not time-wise), and they may continue to appear that way until the day they run out of money and the web site and everything suddenly disappears. That's my main concern at this point. They blew through the KS backer money about a year ago (around the time the trips to China started). They are now relying on equity investments to get their products out. And they are aggressively looking for more investors, so they have little or no financial security at this point. They are not quite in their "Happy Place". And that's the worst part: If they do finally fail, then that means I could have, SHOULD have, been working with other gear all this time! Arrrgh. I'm frustrated as well, but I'm still hopeful enough to wait and see if the product performs well before I go spend $100's of dollars on another system. I do wonder if Wigwag's disregard for backers will be matched with a disregard for customers, though. And, so my future prospective purchases of wigwag products will be slow and cautious. @ Alessandro Catorcini, Well said "Chutzpah" defines WigWag team very well. @ Bob Cunningham - WigWag lost on every front @David, they have deleted everything I have ever written on the Facebook page I posted this on their facebook page "17 months since funding 14 months late And still no commitment to a timeline" It appears to have been deleted ? Truth hurts ? @WigWag Please. Give a timeline... Or a month i don't know If not i want a refund and go to Smartthings or other 17 months since funding 14 months late And still no commitment to a timeline If history teaches us anything, it is the simple fact that WigWag is completely unable to set a schedule and keep to it. Whatever experience they had coming in to this, it has left them ill-prepared to create and ship a product. So, basically, they are newbies in way over their heads, and are doing their best to climb out of the hole they've dug for themselves. Not at all a new occurrence in Kickstarter-land. But at least they aren't putting out any more false delivery dates. They occasionally share a vague guess, which is far better than either total silence or an outright lie. My main complaint at this point is that WigWag has apparently lost their early chance to define this market. Way too many competitors have appeared with similar approaches that are shipping today at much lower prices, and the likes of Apple and Google are also jumping in. When their campaign launched they had the right product at the right time, and we didn't care about the price so long as we got it close to when initially promised. Now it seems the wait has meant that we have over-paid by a factor of at least 200%, and perhaps 500%. Now that the Wink has been rooted, it is easily the best platform for home automation hackers. The OpenHab software has been evolving rapidly. There is even competition for WigWag's device.js layer and IFTTT capabilities. I can't think of a single clear advantage WigWag still has over the rest of the market. Much less what will be left when things ship around the middle of this year (I'm assuming the spring guess will slip). Even their new $20 light bulb is being beaten before it ships. They should give each backer a free bulb for every $50 pledged, as an attempt to make up for the delays and lost opportunity and value. I was interested in buying some bulbs, but there is no way I'll ever give WigWag another cent. At least not any time soon. Not until they can demonstrate a record of delivering real value. No, let's put it in the same terms they've given us: I'll promise to give them a cent in 90 days, but will make them wait nearly two years for it, and then deliver half a cent as the remaining real value they are legitimately owed. But at least I'm not bitter. No, not me! It is unacceptable that after a delay like this you have the chutzpah to not include a delivery date in your update. At this point either you state a date for the shipments and stick to it or have the backbone to return the funds to your backers. Anything else just confirms that you have no clue on how to run a business. Your delay is shameful, and your disrespect for the backers is even more annoying. The only great department in your company is the rah-rah and excuse-finding. That has been top-notch all the way. it is the 18-th here in europe :) Delays ? Can we just have the 95% now please ? Does this mean no update? Really hoping for a delivery timeline in todays update............. Thanks for letting us know. Sorry - that should have said facebook not Twitter.. So according to the info saxnix picked up off Twitter we should see an update with some detailed info here today ...... Maybe it's old stuff but there are high definition pictures of Wigwag Glowline, Tag, sensor and relay on Amazon... From Twitter: WigWag ‏@WigWagCo Jul 28 2014 @gigastacey Hi, Stacey! We are working towards shipping out this Fall. From twitter: WigWag ‏@WigWagCo @freddiebthomas Hi, Freddie. We will begin shipping orders by the end of February. If you have any questions, email us at <email> Will there be some type of integration with Apple's Homekit? I'd like to get excited about this one again... Hopefully we're looking at shipping within weeks now. Now that CES is over. Hope we see some solid timelines on when we can finally see product Thanks Saxnix This was from the Facebook page on Jan 6; WigWag We are excited to be fully validating our software and hardware at CES this week. If you are in Vegas, please stop by our booth and experience what we have accomplished in person. We will post more detailed information on KS on the 15th. @Benjamin - update 45 was on 24 December - I think that's the update they were referring to Did anyone here go to CES and speak to the WigWag team ????? Any update on timelines ? Creator WigWag on December 19 Hi, everyone. Thank you for waiting patiently for an update. We have to push our update to next week as we are still awaiting a hardware delivery to arrive at our Austin office, and we are also expecting some important news from China. We will post an update on those details and more before the Christmas holiday. @wigwag- Did you mean christmas 2015? @wigwag - how about taking 10 minutes off from enjoying yourself at #ces2015 and giving us an update ? If you posted half as often on here as you do on Twitter people would be far happier...... Some have compared Coin with WigWag. IMHO "Coin" is still better, they refunded me already and understand business (have personal) ethics. When can we expect to get our product? Please let us know or do refunds. I'm starting the new year fresh and want to get things done on my bucket list. Please give us a update and thank you. @Warren Faris: Funny that you mention Coin ... I watched their endless Facebook ads and promoted posts closely to see the comments, etc.. Seems like there were genuine concerns as to the long-term value for the product. Regardless, as usual, I must be psychic; as I commented several times that pre-ordering that was a rather silly risk; and that the product was likely to disappoint either in delivery timeframe and/or functionality-quality. WigWag folks, don't you think that more than a year late is a goos reason to provide more regular updates on when pledges will be shipped. It's starting to feel as a lack of respect to the backers that helped fund the development of your products. Also empty updates with lack of details don't count. Please state clearly where you guys stand in the production process and commit to an actual and real date for delivery. Thanks Wow, This project was funded in August of 2013? No wonder I have zero recollection of what it even is. 18 months doesnt seem excessive to you guys? This is just like Coin. I backed that, and Apple had my phone storing credit cards and paying for stuff before I ever got my Coin. Hahahaha. What a bust. Update sounds good but no update on timelines :( Then again according to wigwagco' previous posts on Twitter (3 weeks ago) shipping was December - so if end of Jan is now correct we've slipped a month in 3 weeks.... Some one on twitter got an update <url>"@zackpittman We expect to begin shipping towards the end of January, Zack. We will post an update this week with more details." Fingers crossed ....... Hey guys can't wait for the update. Hoping for news on delivery timelines This user's account has been deleted. Its been a while since we had an update!?!? I am in the same boat as Justin Bartley. My home is now completely controlled by Smart Things. I really hope that I can somehow integrate the Wig Wag system in with Smart Things. I have now completely fitted my house with smartthings devices. I feel like you have waited way to long for your product to catch up with the competition. I still hope you do well and many things about your product I like the idea of but to me it is just an idea if I never get a product. Maybe your product will integrate with the smartthings devices I already own. The company I work for has a plastic injection molding business just a few hours from Austin, TX. Might have saved some time in using them rather than flying to china. They make custom parts for our hand held instrumentation. You might check them out for future production runs. There company name is West Texas Molding. <url>#42. @Everybody: The new plastics arrived. Unfortunately it still had some warping on the rubber base piece. Everything else looks good and we believe we figured out a solid solution to the warping. We will be starting having our tooler/injection molder start cutting tools for the Sensor Block after the DFM process is complete which has already begun. Good communication is also the status quo. I understand people are frustrated with the delays, but from the updates WigWag are refining the manufacturing molds/materials and production will happen. The product is still going to do all the awesome things you wanted it to do in the first place, you are just getting it later than expected. As many others have stated, delays on products like this are the status quo. @WhiteNitro: well said I do not think we need to start our comments with "it would be nice....", "I had no problem...."....we simply need to demand as WigWag has been un-reliable and cannot be trusted. They are simply not an honest bunch. Can someone with enough knowledge tell us if class action is applicable here? <url>"fancy" plastic and the rubber base. As far as I know none of those have been shipped and really could be out to devs right now. Why aren't they? I have no problem with this having become a product. I think they were clear with that from the beginning with their talk of cloud service. Got to agree with WhiteNitro here. I appreciate the more frequent and open updates, but they have just confirmed my fears about this "project". It has become a product instead. I'm not upset like many of the backers here, but I do agree with others that there is a problem with the priorities being focused on. The relay is going to be sitting next to a black square router in my closet, I couldn't care less what color it is or what texture it has on it. The sensor blocks look nice in the images, but seriously, they will get mounted to my ceiling or walls, they could be all white like my smoke detectors, or i might paint the plastic to blend. I don't really care. People are going to mount the light strips under cabinets or where they are not easily noticed. What I'm trying to say is that this isn't a product that is supposed to be seen. They look fine as-is. Just approve them for production and get them sent. Please focus on function. Work on design and packaging later. Okay – Comment #42 is the one the broke the camel's back. To repost Will Solomon comment on the update: “So we're about four times the original time to market and your update is focussing on the texture differences between the blue and the white plastics and the slipperyness of the base? Really?” I have backed 68 projects, most of them hardware, so I get that Kickstarter is not a store – it's a promise to try. You get the money, you try to make it happen and you tell us what is going on. Maybe it just doesn't work and we get nothing. I am okay with that if it was an honest attempt. I am still optimistic about a different project that is 3+ years late. But here is why I am so irritated with this project. It is that you are optimizing for your future business needs over the needs of your backers and you did NOT make that clear in your video. The main reason I back projects on Kickstarter is to get early access to emerging technologies. I expect them to be rough (literally), to have beta software, to have flaws. But the one advantage is that we get to try them sooner than waiting for the nice box at Home Depot. If your video had said 'we will delay it as long as it takes to make it Staples ready' then I wouldn't have funded it. It is a legitimate business decision but I feel it is not in the spirit of kickstarter. Other projects get the rough 1.0 version to backers, learn from the feedback and then take what they have learned to other funding sources for a traditional company launch. So – Can I get a refund? Because it seems you are weeks or months away from shipping anything because you keep optimizing for the future business. But even if it was overnighted to me tomorrow, I worry it wouldn't be worth learning your proprietary system because, to quote another backer, you have already been lapped by the competition and your haven't even shipped yet. So – once again – is a refund possible? Could you answer that question with a yes or no? With 1694 backers, I am sure some people would prefer to wait until 'the [nearly invisible] mark above the hole for the light-pipe' is fixed. But if any of the $454,976 is left, perhaps you could refund the people that had hoped for an experimental platform. How about it? Update coming this week. From Facebook "There will be an update pending details from our injection molding factory. Since they are already enjoying the weekend, we're looking to post an update next week." Its been a few weeks. Chinese holiday is over. Board updates? Timeline changes? @Terry, you are right suckers are born every minute. I am glad people who run WigWag don't exist in big numbers. Forgive us if we are all a bit sceptical about your intensions Wigwag, but from my point of view. I have seen what getting a staples deal has done to previous projects. You only have to look at what happened to the backers of "ivee sleek" when people could buy them before they were ever shipped to backers. I certainly won't be voting for you Here we go again get your flak jackets on! @Wigwag We need a timeline. We are one year in to the project, and we need to know if we will wait another. @Naeem K on October 7 wrote "I cannot believe people are still talking about buying bulb....when WigWag failed to deliver the controller in over a year.....SMH". My comment: Ditto. Suckers are born every minute ... and it seems that WigWag suckers are now being reborn. @WigWag, now that you have confirmed AC85-265V, 50/60 Hz on the Filament, will you allow backers to purchase if they are outside of North America? Pre-sale on fundable.......hmm reminds me of the days when Wall street was allowing companies to go public without ever making any profit. I guess fundable is just another Kickstarter wanna be not really interested in track record. Thanks @WigWag. @wigwag Can you also provide an update on the wired contact sensors, glowline and presence tags please ? @Wigwag: Awesome news, I will be ordering my full compliment of 20! (If you will let me) Thanks for update. I wasn't upset about the fundable. I was curious of intentions. @WigWag, can you please answer this question from update 39? Lucas on September 17 @wigwag what voltage range was the Filament designed to work on? Can you confirm for us if it could work on 230v AC. Making it just a socket problem if we want to use them in another country, like Australia? Thanks for the clarification wigwag Can you also provide an update on the wired contact sensors, glowline and presence tags please ? Any idea about Apple MFi certifications? As per recent news: Apple has now finalized and published specifications for HomeKit through its Made-For-iPhone/iPad/iPod (MFi) licensing program. The finalized specifications, which allow accessory makers to start building products that integrate iOS 8’s new framework for home automation devices, come ahead of Apple’s yearly MFi summit in November where it plans to brief manufacturing partners on HomeKit and other new iOS 8 features for accessories. I have to say, I don't get why backers are upset about the fundable campaign. Being upset about delays seems reasonable, but these guys are trying to start up a successful business and wouldn't they do whatever they can to make that happen? I, also, would like to know more information about fundable. You should not be going on different endeavors while you have not completed this one. I am interested in the same points David just brought up. Why is there essentially another kickstarter happening? I cannot believe people are still talking about buying bulb....when WigWag failed to deliver the controller in over a year.....SMH I hope you make a plugin for tasker !!! This can be sooo great :) WigWag - can you please give us an update as to what <url>#public-profile is about and also what is happening with the addons many of us backed (which aren't mentioned on <url>#public-profile). Thanks One of my concerns about the wireless IoT is security, most importantly regarding control and monitoring systems in the home, which leads to not only privacy concerns, but actual physical security concerns. 6lowPAN has some significant security issues, as do many of the other wireless protocols out there. But let's focus on 6lowPAN: What is WigWag doing to address the concerns raised in this IETF draft document from 2011? (There are other references, but I felt this was the best written.) <url>"then that" depending on the string that was received? Please explain with as much detail as is possible. @wigwag what is the latest update on KS backer delivery? My guess would be to save on shipping, so they can include them with our backer shipment. One package, same label, slightly more weight. @WigWag Why is the $20 offer only available before our orders ship? This makes us leery. As you still haven't delivered more than a year after the campaign ended, it would make backers more confident in your business model if this restriction didn't exist. Another issue is the statefulness of the bulbs: 1. If a bulb loses power, will it return to its prior state when power is restored? 2. If the system controller goes down and forgets the system state, can each bulb be queried for it's state? (Way too many IoT devices are one-way only.) This also is needed if a bulb is controlled by several devices (phone, remote, and home control system): The system should be able to ask the bulb what it's doing. I'm leaning toward direct-WiFi bulbs that don't need a bridge box, for a few reasons: 1. The bridge box and the bulbs may speak a proprietary protocol: I'd like the bulbs to be directly controllable from the WigWag Relay or Wink Hub (yeah, I'm gonna get a Wink hub to hack on while I wait for WigWag). 2. Even if the bulbs do speak an open non-WiFi protocol, I haven't done the research to trust the security of those protocols. The security issues with WiFi are well known and easy enough to defend against, especially for a low-bandwidth device like a light bulb. 3. With WiFi, I can directly control the bulbs from my phone even if Wink, WigWag and/or the bridge box crash hard. I don't want to have a box of special-purpose remotes for the bulbs. Anyone have thoughts or experience in these areas? Please answer Saxnix's questions - I have nothing to add but wonder pretty much the exact same things. @WigWag, After reading Update #38 and the article you linked to on Facebook today "WigWag intros new lights and a platform for the internet of things", I have a couple of questions about the timing of production and shipping. The gigaom.com article stated that, “The sensor block was part of the original Kickstarter and will start shipping in October.” In the Relay Tooling section of Update # 38 you say, “October 8th: If samples are perfect, (and they must be perfect in color, texture, fit, material etc…) we will have all of the KS relays injected at this time.” 1. Based on the factory’s output levels, how long are you expecting it to take to produce all of the relays required to fulfil Kickstarter rewards? 2. After receiving the bodies how long do you expect it take until you are ready to begin shipping the tested/assembled product (assuming no unexpected delays/problems)? In the Sensor Block section you say “The earliest turn around from PO to batch injection are 40 days after October 8th.“ Same as questions above, 3. How long do you expect it to take to produce the Sensor bodies? 4. After receiving the bodies how long do you expect it take until you are ready to begin shipping the tested/assembled product (assuming no unexpected delays/problems)? Given that there will be at least 40 days between the Relay and the Sensor, and then another couple of weeks for the Glowline; 5. Will all products ship at the same time? 6. If all products won’t be shipping at the same time can you please indicate which products are likely to ship by themselves, or together with another product? 7. Assuming you don’t run into design/certification or production issues, can you please indicate when you expect to begin shipping each of the items? Thanks in advance. I started playing around with the Insteon LED bulbs which cost $30 a pop. I have 5 scattered around the house and they work great, but I will be outfitting the rest of my home with 24 Filaments. Way to go Wig Wag. @Saxnix Good for you! @Bob, I have several MiLights. I bought them off ebay. They are readily available and cheap. I forget what I paid. I initially bought them just to use to begin testing, but they have worked very well for me and I have since bought more. @Naeem, Bulbs sound good to me. I mainly have GU10 bulbs which I backed a house full from LIFX. I have a few other E27/B22 sockets that I would gladly put $20 E27 WigWag bulb in to fit out the rest of the house. Much cheaper than Hue and LIFX. What other types of bulbs will you release, we use Edison in Aus, but they would need to be 240v $Bob, I copped a GE Link bulb for $15 bucks last week at the HDepot and seems to be working great with SmartThings (? on dimming or future). I think they have 3 kinds now. 2 Yr Warranty : A19: 12 Watt/60 Watt replacement, 800 lumens Soft white, indoor light bulb dimmable via the wink application Lasts 22.8 years, estimated energy cost $1.45/year Zigbee-compatible hub required to connect $20 a pop? Does that include tax and shipping? Please? Just for us backers? Pleeeeeeeze? There are controllable bulbs that can be had for a bit less, but none that are full-spectrum and 800 Lumens: All of those (that I found) are a bit pricier. Anyone else find a better deal? I have places for 5 right now, and 5 more if they are OK to use outdoors. But what the heck am I going to do with all the CFLs I bought on sale? Kind of explains why we got updates after all this time ... Anyone who cares for bulb please raise your hand I stand correct ie, if we were to get an update from WigWag it will be BS.......Bulb.....really? @Alex: This is the most specific update we've seen, discussing more products than before, and actually defining a pipeline. They are now sharing enough detail that I believe their "truthiness" is rising. This is a good thing from all angles, and is a huge step in the right direction. The dates that were shared seem "realistically optimistic" to me, meaning they feel the surprise bucket isn't overflowing any more. I would expect some dates to slip, but not by much, at least not on the tooling and boards. I'd like to see the tally of the spins (and dates) for each piece of electronic and mechanical hardware, as well as the create/close dates for each software bug (assuming they used a bug tracking system from the first build). There are some simple predictive statistics that can be run to assess the "sanity" of their schedules. I have no idea how their software is doing, but I don't really care (aside from getting bug stats): I expect them to have an update ready to install by the time my systems arrive. The software status before then doesn't really matter so much (to me - it matters tons to WigWag). So, let's applaud them for this update. And keep their feet to the fire for an equally good next update (preferably within a week, covering more of what was missing from this update). My SWAG is they are 60 days from first shipments to KS backers, though it may be 90 days before most backers see product. But the best news? Easy: It's the money, which lets them breathe. From what I could tell, they were turning pretty blue there, for a while. I now am 100% certain that KS backers will see their product. But probably not until close to the US Thanksgiving holiday, if all goes reasonably well. But likely before Christmas (allowing for final hiccups): They MUST get everything done well before Chinese New Year (19 Feb), or they risk being delayed until Spring (which is my prediction for commercial volumes). The few Chinese factory schedules I've seen had their December/January capacity fully booked by late October. So I'm guessing their production window is beginning to close, but that the KS builds will make it through. And, remember: WigWag is shipping a butt-load more different products than most other projects have ever attempted (which usually do exactly a single product, not an entire system). The delays have been long, but are not really out of line (a small team can juggle only so many balls at once before the rest start to drop). It's the curse of optimistic ambition. I think the Relay decision is the first-best example they've shared of tempering their ambition in the face of cold, hard realities. Agree Tamir. Even the latest update doesn't answer the shipping date question, not even a date range. They pick and choose which comments to answer, broadcast dribble in social, while all the while ignoring the real questions. @WigWag Glad you lived through it! @Tamir: Software is the hardest part, since it is the only part that can be updated after the hardware ships. The application software itself doesn't matter nearly as much as the update system, which is the only part that must work flawlessly from first shipment (unless the hardware includes a JTAG programmer). I started in this business before embedded systems were field-updatable, so we software folks were included when management decided it was time to "shoot the engineers and ship the product". Now, shipping means bug reports and working on the next release. WigWag badly needs the KS backers to beat on their systems before too many retail systems ship, to find and fix the flaws before retail customers are exposed to them. Sure, we give WigWag a hard time, but they really do need us. I view their decision to ship "safer" (less risky) Relay hardware to KS backers as a terrific decision, the first I've seen that treats KS backers as a separate customer class with separate priorities. It must complicate their commercial planning, as I suspect there may be enclosure tooling and software differences which will likely impact their retail plans. In my prior job, we had a "lead customer" who put up with terrible prototype and beta systems, in exchange for getting them first and helping evolve them to better meet their needs. They also kept our entire engineering team focused, and kept us from adding "bling" instead of truly useful features. That type of feedback is priceless. And that's the kind of valuable feedback I hope all KS backers will provide. Once we get our systems, of course. So far everything @Bob Cunningham has said, I agree with...@Creator, you guys really need to get your acts together ASAP. While jokes do lighten the mood when discussing this project, you really need to update us regularly about what progress you are making. Ive made this point with several projects who have fallen behind on good PR communique, and most have made efforts to turning that around except WigWag. Getting on here to answer the occasional comment is nice, but that doesnt address the serious delays and lack of useful information in your updates. This project was about more than just a relay. The fact that WigWag has taken more than a year with half a million dollars to come out with just a relay is mind boggling. I can make a relay unit with 100 bucks and a few hours of design work. Software is easy too. You guys had many modules and lots of software to integrate them all together. This should have been at least in the certification or mass production stages by now. I suspect these posts happened because some bad food has him trapped in the bathroom, and he's doing this on his phone to avoid thinking about the horrors exiting his body. ;^) @WigWag, great to see you back here answering questions. Is this more open communication channel something we can expect more of in the lead up to shipment? As for the devblog and devicejs feeds: They're one-way, and should be zero labor. At the end of each day, I send my boss an email summarizing progress on each of my critical projects (if any are active, otherwise it's a weekly update). If each and every one of your engineers aren't providing this feedback, MAKE IT HAPPEN! Then have appropriate managers cut and paste from their input and dump it to the appropriate feeds (or route it to you as a summary report, and you paste and post). It should take only moments, and impose no interruptions or burdens of any kind. One more thing about Backer Fulfillment: It is a ONE-TIME ONLY EVENT: Don't combine it with your retail efforts, and don't use it to debug the retail fulfillment system. If some backers have shipping delays (due to incomplete or incorrect shipping information in their KS profiles), then push those into the retail channel for fulfillment (those orders need not be part of the "one-time" backer push). The further along WigWag gets (the more decisions that are made), the fewer things are under their control (fewer decisions left to make combined with the inertia of prior good/bad decisions and the inability to efficiently change them). But WigWag does have one big item that should still be under their complete control: Backer Order Fulfillment, e.g., Packing and Shipping. It is important that this does not become yet another high cost and another reason for delay. Here are some specific recommendations: If you aren't implementing them, you should have amazingly good reasons for not doing so. The goal is to minimize labor and expenses without imposing errors, delay or breakage. Since all WigWag hardware should have bullet-proof enclosures, bubble-wrap should suffice (well, maybe a small cardboard tube to protect the Relay's IR lens). 1: DO NOT SPEND TIME OR MONEY DESIGNING OR MANUFACTURING BOXES OR INSERTS FOR BACKER PRODUCT. Once things are bubble-wrapped (done at the factory, immediately after final inspection), get multiple sizes of non-padded plastic or Tyvek shipping envelopes. Select the smallest envelope that will contain a backer's entire order, to avoid multiple parcel costs (mainly tracking fees). 2: DO NOT SPEND MONEY ON SHIPPING BOXES FOR BACKER PRODUCT. You have less than 1700 parcels to ship. If only 17 people did all the packing, that's under 100 each: Like a rather heavy Christmas season. That's a couple day's work. 3: DO NOT HIRE AN EXTERNAL SHIPPING HOUSE: USE THE STAFF YOU ARE ALREADY PAYING. There are lots of How-Tos out there for handling KS fullfillment: Use the best label and packing software and go for it. Be sure a backer email is generated when the tracking number is assigned. Save the fancy packaging for your retail customers. Offer it to KS backers for an extra fee (and further delay). See what the shipping regulations are to each of your backers before making final packaging decisions (especially size and weight restrictions). Then use the least expensive shipping method (that includes tracking). 4. K.I.S.S. WigWag Speaks! How about reviving some of the dead feeds, such as @WigWagDevblog and @DeviceJS? I don't really need much in the way of conversation, just solid and current information. Tech specs, technical progress, and (most importantly) production progress. Conversing really doesn't get the product out the door any faster (quite the opposite), despite its psychologically reassuring aspect. At this point, we're pretty much resigned to the fact that we're gonna get whatever it is we get shipped to us whenever it happens to arrive in whichever year or decade. Tell us about those things. And get the damned gear into our hands already. I do believe they have an office in Austin. I'm also pretty sure they invited backers to stop by in one the updates. Anyone in the Austin area willing to go and try and get some real information? I have seen car salesmen with better ethics than WigWag team. Talk about thick skin.... Next update if we were to get would be as usual useless and full of BS. Do they have a office location in Austin? @eric seems wigwag could care less. They obviously got there money and have received funding from big business, so us poor backers are left to wonder what the hell have they been doing with all the funds and time to create two relays but why. They claim we asked for this?? Wigwag, I don't understand. You present two options for Relays and neither of which meets the initial specs or delivery timeframe. Then, for those backers who are very generous and willing to consider one of those two options, you post an area where you'll answer questions. And, you don't even have the courtesy nor take the time to answer those questions. Every chance you get, you show no regard for your backers, even with the simplest of tasks. I'm kind of beside myself with disbelief. @Charles have a look at Ninjasphere, they are shipping very soon: <url>#connectivity/ @familia @Phillip - Thanks for the input. I'm at the point where I really can't wait for wig wag and need to start putting some other options to use. I've been using Universal ISY and About 15 Insteon devices. Very reliable so far and they started beta testing Z-Wave. @Charles - I have SmartThings but have not put it to wide use; I have used Home Control Assistant for many years and am still on that with X-10 but the recent update adds Zwave. Has anyone moved on and tried some of the other systems actually available? @Creator, 4x Relay Extension? (for the sensor block) I do not see this in the Update regarding production nor do I know how the the add-on the dollars are tracked. Anyway, please expand on ... Thanks how do opt for the pro? Thanks. Thanks for the update. Great to here that Insteon is a go! Here to support you all the way. I am very unhappy with this update. Who cares about the relay. You promised many different types of modules, not just the relay. You guys really need to get your heads in this game and get your asses moving. If it took 1 year just to get the Relay Basic & 1 more year for Relay Pro, its going to be a few years before you get the rest of the modules done. You are a disgrace to the product development industry. I can say as a product development engineer myself, you misrepresent us, and as a backer, I regret having backed this project. You dont give a hoot about your backers and even less about the products you promised. Ugh, this project always leaves a bad taste in my mouth. Wigwag surely will take off after home kit is announced sept 9 Thanks for the update. Can you keep up more regularly informed about the progress in the lead up to the shipping of the original Relay please? I'm done with them, I'll never back another hardware project again on kickstarter. They are a perfect example of how not to run a company and in my opinion right up there with Juices+ campaign. All talk and no product, they should be ashamed but I suspect they couldn't care less. Probably a bunch of kids playing grown ups! @Leanne, what they are (may be doing) is to establish a timeline where you cannot claim a chargeback (refund) via your credit card company which is like 12-18 months ... this is what we (I) should pursue .. a clear signal IMO at this point . Good luck with that, I tried to get a refund ages ago and they refused. +1 David ; refund me now. Another update full of nothing but vague promises REFUND PLEASE I really think Wig Wag's strong point will be its software. This whole thing (Intrnet Of Things) is still in its infancy. There really is nothing out there, except for maybe Smarthings that's really user friendly. I really think Wig Wag still has a shot if they get their act together. Remember it's not always the ones that make it to market first that end up succeeding, but the ones with the best user experience. Maybe we should just rename it wag. Cause it's not doing much of the wig. Instead they are just wagging - slang for skipping out on ... Backers I'm partial to an open source system. Wigwag intends to have that, as does the Ninja Sphere. I'm holding out for Wigwag and hoping to see something in the next few months. Wow wish i had seen the Smarthings website and app BEFORE signing up with wigwag...they have everything wigwag promised but now! Sorry guys my sarcasm didn't really translate into my previous message...i was essentially referring to the need for Wigwag now! THAT SAID i really like some of your ideas! Having a look at the smart things app now. I have a wemo movement sensor but it would have been nice to have more around the place! That said i dont want to buy much more as wigwag owe me a few!!!! @Chris - check out SmartThings - common and a DIY apps - <url>"wags" us all. How about backing the “Coolest Cooler”? Now over $10M; at least if it fails it would be the biggest or maybe the biggest crowding project ever. We can ‘chill’ out over a couple of drinks and some tunes. 53 hours to go – (pass around) <url>"Sorry all - update is on the way. We are waiting on a video. WigWag is currently making molds for the WigWag Relay. Also: funding has been secured... " Has anyone here taken a look at the Wink HUB (<url>’m still hoping to see something, I too have ridden this project off. The lack of updates showing progress, and the lack of the company responding positively to comments here has slowly eroded my support for the project. A Kickstarter project isnt just about getting money from a bunch of people to make your project succeed. You owe it to the people who gave you the money to keep them aware and updated as to the actual progress you are making. You owe it to them to keep them happy, since they are the ones who first funded you. If you make them unhappy, the negative PR you will get will hurt you a lot. If your own backers are unhappy, what does that say to potential investors? WigWag had their chance to get their acts together, but they havent done so. If I get my reward, now, great. If I dont get it until next year, or the year after...thats fine too. The fact that its no longer important to me saddens me a little bit. I was one of the first backers and I was excited to backing this project. It had great potential. However, inexperience and ill planning has really hurt this project. Spending money on a designer to redesign the enclosures long before the electronics or software was finalized was a dumb move. ��� Ok- I'm a day early but one year anniversary of funding is tomorrow Let's hope any news is good (and factual / accurate) I asked on the facebook site if there was an update soon, and this was the reply. "Yes, quite soon, and we have some good news" So hopefully it will include some solid info on progress, shipping etc... Gee a lot of projects can learn a lot from the "nudeaudio" project. It has been a blast So different to what has happened here. I remember the days when it was a joy to be involved in this project, not just with the other backers. But the creators They have lost site of what it takes to run a successful campaign We are their best asset, had they continued with supporting us with communication of meaning content in their updates. We would generating positive buzz for wigwag and it's ecosystem But instead we are creating uncertain times and rumours as to what the fate of what might become All I ask for is an honest update on status and answers to our questions Then you get in-your-face comments like "thanks for your patience". If they ever do become a viable company, the better hire a good customer care crew or just sell their company, because they just don't get it. @Chris I predict we are likely to get nothing as usual. Or maybe video of some random vague rule turning on a light, which is what we have gotten after one year. They have nothing, they don't even have FCC cert yet. I've written this project off completely. Wig Wag has wasted what was a great lead. Google, Apple, and now Samsung are in the game. Game over for wig wag. <url>"Kickstarter does not offer refunds. A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer¹s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward." see more at: <url>"here at Kickstarter HQ, we expect creators to fulfill rewards, offer refunds if they’re unable to complete their project, and communicate with backers at every step along the way. While Kickstarter is the platform for this agreement, we are not a part of it. We do not investigate a project creator’s ability to complete their project, nor do we facilitate refunds or the fulfillment of rewards. While in most cases you’ll find that rewards are delivered as promised, it’s also important to realize that some projects might not fulfill as planned. When you back a project on Kickstarter you enter into an agreement with the project creator, as described in our Terms of Use: <url>" Depends on your definitions but my view is we have invested but aren't investors in the financial sense. I however think that we do have a reasonable basis to 1) be kept up to date and 2) to expect that WigWag focus on delivering what they raised funding for. In my view they have failed to do both 1 and 2 which is why I believe we should be entitled to refunds if we request them. Definitions of invest: 1. to put (money) to use, by purchase or expenditure, in something offering potential profitable returns, as interest, income, or appreciation in value. 2. to use (money), as in accumulating something: to invest large sums in books. 3. to use, give, or devote (time, talent, etc.), as for a purpose or to achieve something: He invested a lot of time in helping retarded children. As much as I would like for the arrangement to be possible through Kickstarter, we are not investors in any project we back. From the Kickstarter FAQ: "Project creators keep 100% ownership of their work, and Kickstarter cannot be used to offer equity, financial returns, or to solicit loans." No equity = not an investor. Yes we are investors and as an investor we have the holy right to know what is happening and what is not happening. they should use one of the very good programmers they have and make a chart and show clearly everything has been done. and show their work plan if they don't say anything about the finances. is not too much asked !!!! +1 Alex Well said Anthony. The 'kick starter is not a shop' line is weak. I'm sure the majority of backers know it's not a shop, and acknowledge there is some element of risk and delay. But, wigwag have a choice about how to manage and communicate the delay. I can just about handle the wait (although it's getting old now), but not when that's coupled with the very poor communication. A smart company would show its backers more respect. 8 months late and no hint of a clear project plan nor delivery date... I think it's ok for folks to feel somewhat p'd off. We are seemingly neither investors nor customers. @Grant as an investor exactly how much stock do I own? Is this then considered a security by the S.E.C.? If so, then wouldn't this entire project be a violation of 17 C.F.R. § 240.10b-5 because of the deceptive statements from Wig Wag? @cliff please see below comment by nick. You are an investor in wigwag, kickstarter is not a store front How do I cancel my order? +Nick, saxnix, tamir +Nick, saxnix, tamir To be honest I've always given the WigWag team the benefit of the doubt, in the mean time I've started to experiment with the ISY994 and a small network of about 12 Insteon devices, and let me tell you that my experience has being horrible with this thing, the learning curve is too big for the average user. Don't get me wrong the ISY is a very powerful controller it is very dependable and consistent once you start getting the hang of things but it is not for every one. There are other solutions out but they are either too simple or too cumbersome to use. I here great things about Smartthings but they don't support Insteon. So this why I really want to believe that Wig Wag will succeed and they will deliver. I don't mind the wait as long as they deliver a great hardware and software. Wig Wag more communication is a must. Weather it's good news or bad news, we still want to hear about it. @Tamir E. -- excellent elaboration. Too few folks actually comment here (relative to the 1694 backers), and I wish that negative comments were not automatically viewed as counter-productive. By supporting WigWag with our contributions, and given an idealistic view of crowdfunding, we expect this to be a multi-party conversation (including the Creators, of course!). When the delivery timelines slip due to decisions that vary from the original project description, it is worth expressing and discussing this. Agreed @Nick & Saxnix I didnt mean release a subpar product. If I, alone could do something in a few weeks, imagine what a team of minds put together could achieve in that same time frame. They could have gotten the hardware down -all of it, including modules- down in 6 months. The next 6 months would be spent perfecting the software. I worked with a guy in college, senior year, that was able to program a barebones smart home system in a week. 6 months is plenty of time to get a fully working piece of code. Once you have both down, you start FCC testing of your prototypes before you go into production. If you want them to deliver a great product, do some beta testing with just a handful of selected backers. Get the bugs ironed out. Im not and never have suggested to deliver a subpar product on time- I know setbacks happen. What Im suggesting is for the time they took, Im not terribly impressed with the progress they have made. Additionally, the lack of communication with the backers is the difference between a successful project with backer support, and this project, where most people have demanded a refund. You say Kickstarter is an investment into a product and employees. Sure it is, but have you seen what happens to companies who dont deliver? They get sued for fraud, and lose. I dont want that to happen to Wig Wag, I want them to succeed, but if they are serious about this, they better get their heads in the game, stop wasting time on Twitter and start getting this thing wrapped up. @Nick my issue is they have wasted my money attending conferences and tweeting about other people's products. I don't give a rats about xyz conference or what microsoft are doing. These guys either need to lock themselves in a dark room until they deliver what they promised (and were overfunded for) or provide refunds to the people they have at best misled and at worst lied to over the past 12 months +1 Nick & saxnix +1 Nick. Regular updates again would be appreciated. @Nick, Agreed, but it is not disappointing when the truth be told. Ok. So wigwag has not met schedules, been sparse on updates, and disappointed many. Kickstarter is not a shopping site, it is a rewards site when the company meets it's goals. When you pay up on KS, you invest in the products AND people building those products. Yes, ww could have provided a sub-par product on time and made few happy, but they decided to take their time and release a product that they are happy with. If you were their president, you could have chosen to deliver something working and actively compete with the likes of smartthings and insteon, but you are not, and I didn't give you my money; I gave it to wigwag. Wigwag's goal seems to be that they will release a product with a solid solution that can be built on over time. They are putting the investment up front in hopes that it will pay off in the end. Stay strong wigwag, and stay on course. When you release, you will be up against many other home solutions. May the product you send to my door be one that will be a formidable competitor able to stand the test of time. Good luck! @Tamir E. -- right on! If Kickstarter were a brand new marketplace, I'd have a lot more patience. As it is, more and more "Creators" just don't get the concept of KICK-START -- it is meant, as you well describe, to get something kicked off the ground; not to form an angel or venture capital based company. For the latter, you don't need (nor WANT) us "Backers". Oh well... Im quite dissapointed with this project. I had something similar going on in my own free time. I was close to having my first prototype...and I funded it all on my own. I used breadboards, cheap wires, ZigBees and Arduinos. I almost had a working prototype in the few weeks that I spent working on my project. You guys have been going for over a year, with a $450k pool of money to spend from. I cant imagine what is taking so long to get this made. Get your hardware down. Make it work. Send it out with some basic software. Then people have something in their hands to play with. Next you develop a Version 2 of the firmware/software with all the fancy features you want to include/support. Then you send that out to everyone. If you have an app, that makes it easier as all people have to do is download the app update and upload the new firmware to their devices. Its really that simple. I can understand manufacturing woes and delays...but the lack of updates combined with delays in actually sending a product out are nothing short of disappointing. Ive had two projects in my entire time that have let me down after backing them, and the other one isnt on Kickstarter. Be true to your word to the backers. Keep us updated and informed of what is going on and why there are delays. That latest update really didnt satisfy me...how about posting what Phillip said? Give us an updated schedule with how much is complete. @wigwag, why post an update with no more details? How updating your project plan from the past with %complete. yes and for the very first time in my life my comments on smb Facebook wall are getting deleted. and all i did is ask for an update. reaaaalllyyyyyy wigwag ??????? you don't have 5 mins to write an update but have time to tweet bullshit all day long ? More useless tweets from wigwag today but still no update. "under no obligation to do anything" - Sounds like a lot of other kickstarter projects. <url>#sxswv2v. They replied pretty smartly saying a backer update was coming very soon. According to WigWags Facebook page they are doing an update tomorrow - I assume for facebook as they have gone quiet here...... I have to say while I have been very vocal about WigWag and their massive mismanagement, I am not soured on Kickstarter at all, despite being out $1000. I have had generally very good experiences and backed some truly great product. As I look around me I have 2 desk decorations from kickstarter and 4 objects I use on a daily basis (Ridge wallet, Bladekey, Emergency Charger, Skydog router) and I am looking forward to receiving a few more things this year. Maybe I've been lucky or extra careful with my due diligence but this has been my one disappointment. I guess more than anything I learned not to sink more than a very small amount into a project. I purchased a Smartthings hub and a few Smart Sensors the other week and love their product. Works great with my WeMo switches and even got it work with my Nest. Awesome product and available! What I learned from this whole experience is that I will no longer contribute to kickstarter campaigns that promise an undeveloped product. I've lost hope in WigWag. I hope someday I receive what I paid for, but their horrible updates and lack of communication have ruined kickstarer for me. I'm out $289 and upset at what a poorly run campaign WigWag has managed to run. WigWag, you should be embarrassed! Terry, I totally agree. After this project (combined with other kick starter problems) I am done with KS. I was lucky to get Capital one to open the fraud dispute (after mentioning the fair credit reporting act to a manager) and it appears they are processing my refund. As another backer mentioned, I will likely have to wait 60-90 days for the vendor (Amazon? Kickstarter? WigWag?) to respond before the credit becomes final. Looks like they didn't win the v2v pitching contest Amazon payments has a very short timeframe for issuing refunds or otherwise addressing complaints (I think at most 60 days from the date of the charges: i.e., the date the Project is "funded). Credit Card issuers vary on their fraud policies, but most are 60 to 90 days, though you can usually push this, especially if you use the latest available promised delivery date (i.e., "late summer 2014") or other evidence of unsatisfactory merchant behavior. Radiate Shirts are a hopeless case for refunds ... way too late; even though the quality per earlier backers who have received a few, is horrendous. Best advice: Unless you have money to throw away or gamble with, don't contribute to Kickstarter Projects offering unproduced product as Rewards. Any of the enticing "pre-sales discounts below retail" are pretty much BS; as these vendors will likely continue to offer pre-sales using their own continuing websites (or Amazon.com pre-sales) after Kickstarter funding has closed (and may even offer a more explicit cancellation / refund policy) ... and, if the product *really* turns out to be as good as hoped, then there will be plenty of inventory available from the second production run, and this time with full store warranty, resolved bugs and quality control issues, and, quite likely, even BETTER prices. Wigwag domain expires in less than a month. Although they are still tweeting - 20 mins ago <url>#32 "To answer this directly: We are on a path to deliver without additional funding. Additional funding simply means quicker timelines." If you're looking for it: “How long do I have to cancel a pre-order?” –at bottom of FAQ <url>"Cancellations WigWag pre-order purchases may be cancelled up until the product's shipment date. Returns Policy You may return most new, unopened items within 30 days of delivery for a full refund." <url>"...an estimated product delivery date of September 15, 2014"? Does this mean you were successful in raising the additional VC dollars you were looking for? Going to share a few photos of injection plastics off of initial test runs, and if they're satisfactory? Should we expect HQ 3D printed products to meet this newest delivery date? Any release of DeviceJS up on Github for us to play with? Issuing refunds to those that have requested them as per your own pre-order “Shipping & Returns Policy”? Please advise. @Tamir Emran: I have reported WigWag as a "scam" to Kickstarter. But they don't give a f**k. You have to remember that Kickstarter keeps every dime of the 5% that WE BACKERS pay them when funding a Project, regardless if the Project makes a single delivery ... ever! Even if the Project Creator tries to refund every penny at some point down the road, Kickstarter STILL keeps their 5% fee. This will continue until Kickstarter eventually collapses upon itself; and this is why it is important, if you so choose, to contact your Credit Card issuer to report the non-delivery and fraud ... this will result in a chargeback to Kickstarter who might learn how to better vet Projects, Creators, their timelines, maximum allowable funding, etc., in the future. @Kahlil Dimachkie: Thanks for the link to Project with excellent communication example. And thanks for the Oatmeal link... This Oatmeal comic is ludicrously redundant, however, as Kickstarter already is 100% equivalent to the "hypothetical" Kickstartmart. <url>"As promised previously, if you want a refund, please contact us at <email> and we will make that happen. So far, 99% of you have stuck with us and we’re incredibly thankful for that." <url>"laugh"? Well... good for education on another crowdfunding disaster. The "Smarty Ring" (like a smart watch, but squeezed into a finger ring... riiiiiiight)... is undergoing major "last minute" PCB changes and migrating from LED to E-Ink, etc., etc., and it's funders are not happy. Even I am finding it difficult to find sympathy for backers of THAT piece of vaporware! It is a China based project creator, with an incredibly audacious gadget; induction charging, bluetooth, etc., in multiple ring sizes, no track record of similar engineering either by himself or with other teams. And, yet, he obtained nearly $300k from over 1500 Suckers... I mean, *Funders*. LOL! How the F**K do Indiegogo and Kickstarter stay in business? <url>#comments FYI - You can pick up a Wink Hub for a $1 starting Monday w/ 2 devices. @Grant, I don't disagree with anything you've said. At my core I too would rather see this succeed than fail but the issue I have is the total lack of substantive communication. Nothing I have seen from the updates gives me any faith that progress is being made. WigWag are probably beavering away busily but from the updates they have provided they could just as easily be sat on a tropical island spending all our money on cocktails. A good KickStarter company should communicate clearly regularly with all their backers so we can understand the challenges facing the project and understand why there are delays and what is being done to deal with the inevitable roadblocks that crop up along the way. WigWag aren't doing this and so we have no understand of what the hell is actually going on. What really rankles with me is that despite putting $1,250 into WigWag they can't even be bothered to respond to ANY of my attempts to communicate with them about my concerns around communication. Once it was clear to me that they would not communicate in any substantive way my communication attempts moved to requesting a refund as I no longer saw any merit in being involved with the project. I fully expected the answer to be no but I felt (and continue to feel) it be the correct thing to do to show my dissatisfaction with the way they have run this project. The fact that they still refuse to engage in any direct communication with me then leaves me with just plain anger. I'm sorry, but at that point I move from not wanting to be involved any more to wishing for the creators to fail. Responding to a backer's email, direct message, etc. shouldn't take long and should be the role of someone in the company. The fact that someone finds the time to post really quite weak content onto their Twitter and Facebook pages but doesn't find the time to communicate with the people who made this all possible for them is just ridiculous. Again I will say, this is not a store, if you also read the t&c's only if they can't produce the product. Also it states when you pledge money you are entering a contract. Because you have liked the ideas that have been put forward in the campaign. And it is up to the backerss to assess the risks. The campaign owners have no obligation to provide a refund. Only if they aren't can't produce Campaign I have seen linked here to work with wigwag have only just been delivered to backers after two years. It's a little bit annoying to me that people are all doom and gloom when it hasn't even been a year. And a few people have already written wigwag off!! It would be nice to see a little bit of faith in these guys, that being said I know people have invested a far bit of money in this project. Me included If I wasn't willing to wait, or and had thousands of dollars to spend on a complete off the shelf system. Then I too would be jumping up and down!! But I look at it like this that I'm willing to help fund an idea that I believe in, and if I can't wait or afford to tie up those funds in a project then I am not or should not be the type of person who should be involved in crowd funding So I'm sorry but I'm don't have time for people who want to bring people/company's down Spreading false information and drumming up hysteria is not being fair to the rest of us that have kept the faith ?? That being said it would be nice to see some/more updates with substance/timelines Ok that's my two cents @Grant, but thanks for checking. @Grant, that is a new post I put up following their deletion of my first comment. Facebook allows for the deletion of posts to a page by the page owner. Just so you know Matthew, your post is still there, as I don't think wigwag has the power to delete posts from facebook. You should get notification cause I just posted this comment on your post?? IF (your own personal choice here...) you wish to join a community that discusses and tracks troubled Kickstarter Projects, there is a Wig Wag topic on the Kicksammed website: <url>#.U7Ht8yMgd60 @Anthony; it may take 60-90 days (per cc/law terms) but will happen. I have had success on a prior Kickstarter but you may need to press your CC provider or raise to the CC co. @Matthew @Phillip I have already filed a dispute with my card company and sent in the affidavid. They granted a temporary credit but the investigation is still pending. Given the CC->Amazon->Kickstarter->Wig Wag payment chain this should be fairly complex. @Matthew - Best to start with filing a 'goods not delivered' chargeback with your CC company. Next ...? I've exhausted every avenue I can think of to contact WigWag. My latest was to post on their Facebook page. They have found the time to delete my post from the page but not to respond to me. I am asking perfectly legitimate questions and perfectly reasonable ways and they don't have the decency to respond. I was prepared not to like the response but to get none at all when I've put $1,250 into their business is just plain rude. I have reached the end of my tether and I'm quite prepared to put together a negative anti-WigWag webpage and get it up the Google rankings so people can see what sort of business WigWag are before any other poor soul gets caught up in this. Would anyone else like to assist with this? Bang out of order WigWag, bang out of order! FWIW, the "Date First Available" on amazon is now August 22, 2013 <url>"press@wigwag" Please advise. @Sanix. Please. @ Grant. These bulbs use Zigbee protocol. @ Sanix can you add them to the growing list of compatible devices we have on wigwag.talk. wow, that is an affordable bulb Grant These bulbs will be great when available <url># 33. Is there any chance you can post another one with higher resolution of the the rule being built (the left hand screen insert of the current video)? It would be nice to see the detail/options that are currently available. I am very unhappy with how this project has progressed. I was an early backer, excited with the potential this project had. Now I understand that these things take time, but Ive backed more complicated projects long after Wig Wag, and already received their rewards. I feel that Wig Wag has lost their main purpose and is trying to add too many features into the first revision. You guys had the hardware. Get it mass produced and distributed with some basic software. New revisions with more features come later. @Terry and @Mathew I third.. @Bob cheers, (Clinks glass) BTW, I really enjoy the diversity of opinion here. The regular posters each have a unique voice and perspective, and I cannot doubt that WigWag reads every word and takes them seriously. I have literally enjoyed the delays (sorta, kinda), because they have caused some great perspectives and opinions to be shared. Pledge paid (sorta, kinda). Thanks! Even without product (especially without?), the KS WigWag backers are a cool crowd. Any more, I visit here only with two fingers of whiskey in hand. I want my WigWag software and hardware so bad I can taste it. And right now, it tastes like whiskey. Mmmm, good. I'm a fanboy, and I'll stay one until WigWag goes Chapter 11. Or Chapter 7. Or whatever. I'm here until there ain't no mo' WigWag. My main hope is that the software sees a full Open Source release before the team goes on to other jobs/ventures. But best of all would be if they sell a bazillion units via Amazon, get their loans and angel/venture funding lined up like ducks, and make us KS backers look like we were psychic all along, despite the delays and long silences. @Matthew Relf: I support and echo your comment ... exactly. As has already been stated, at least we are getting more updates but dear god the content is concerning. Did WigWag really release an update showing us that a rule could be built to switch some lights on when motion is detected?!? They showed us this in the original launch video, what the hell have they been doing since then? And as for LaMetric, talk about inventing something many years too late. I have a Pebble on my wrist that delivers all these sorts of things to me no matter where I am. Why would I want to walk to a low res display to check these things? @WigWag - Once again, I formally request a refund. As per Kickstarter Terms of Use "A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward." From my point of view you have been unable to fulfil the reward and so I am due a refund. I expect and demand a formal response either here for all to see or via a direct message. Well, at least they are communicating more often, even if the content is a bit light. A step in the very right direction. To be encouraged, not disparaged (too much). I did some more digging into available public media relating to WigWag. Some interesting stuff. Ed has said WigWag designed hardware only because there was nothing available that would give their software the resources it needs to become truly useful: They fully expect others to leap into the WigWag-compatible hardware space. My guess is that WigWag may never make another generation of hardware (if their software is successful), but will ride the cost-curve of the current products into the ground to keep the market highly competitive: Inexpensive hardware sells more cloud contracts! From that perspective, going straight to a high-level Chinese relationship makes more sense: If you are going to base your software launch on a hardware platform, you need to flood the market fast, with quality product at an affordable price. Mediocre hardware will make even the best software also seem mediocre. And, so long as the software is unreleased, the hardware has no effective competition. So they can afford to let that slide as the software matures. I think WigWag's priorities are more about getting the software right, than anything at all about the hardware schedule. As as their recent software video shows, the rule generator can now go "bloop!" when you add a component to a rule! (Apple polishing? Nah.) My initial hope was that KS backers would get early hardware with early software access, permitting us to help guide initial software improvements and priorities. It is now abundantly clear that we'll be part of the regular roll-out, getting our product only days or weeks before the general public. All we really bought was lifetime free cloud access, without any hardware discount to speak of. Which may be worth it in the long run, but not so much now that it's nearly a year after the campaign started, still with no ship date. The thing is, I was never intending to use the WigWag cloud service, preferring instead to run my own rule compiler. And I had always planned to reflash the hardware as soon as I could build my own images (I do embedded real-time software for a living). There has been rule-based home-automation software available for over a quarter of a century. Unfortunately, most of it was either created by hardware manufacturers seeking to create a walled garden, or by enthusiasts who had no support from the hardware manufacturers. The market is still that way today. WigWag's "Big Idea" is that this is more of a software problem than a hardware problem, but you still need hardware to make it happen. And that hardware must be all about real-time communication, which syncs perfectly with the IoT phenomenon. So I suspect WigWag will make just enough hardware to get the ball rolling, then sit back as the primary software and service provider. Sure, they'll keep trying to make hardware, but I suspect if others innovate faster and better, WigWag will be more than happy to quit the hardware business, so long as they are the dominant software platform. The hardware must be very good, but only "good enough" to not embarrass the software. And that software had better be damned near perfect. Another useless update for the sake of calling it an update. They must think we are stupid, I know we are helpless to some degree but come on WigWag... I still plan to be king of the world too. In other relevant news, I have now opened a dispute with my credit card company about this transaction. "We still plan to ship"? LOL ... as opposed to: "We still have no idea how the F we're going to pull ourselves out of the grave we dug ourselves into with fraudulent negligence." ... ? I am confused. Is this not happening? I am sad :/ was looking forward to this Should have saved my $289 and bought a Smarting kit on Amazon.com I'm a little confused on what there working on. Seeing a bulb turn on and changing colors is simple. The last 2 updates were pretty much the same. I want to see real progress being done. I do support the project fully, but when I start to see simple updates to string us along I start to get disappointed in the project. Lets see some real results & videos. The only update I'm interested now is one that commits to a delivery date. @ Matthew Relf sums it well. Guys please check this out, it will be supported by wigwag <url>"community" and interact with the Creators and each other. You did ask Quote: "I just want to know if there is enough support amongst us backers to even approach Wigwag with the idea." ... so I rather redundantly made it clear that I, for one, don't support the idea and, IMHO, feel it would be unwise to send further money towards this Project, product, or company, given my experience with several Kickstarter Projects that have similar troubling completion / delivery patterns. I value the discussion. Besides my interest in WigWag and similar IoT and home automation systems, I have a fascination with the recent evolution of the tech gadget entrepreneurial process and the role of Kickstarter and IndieGogo in this process. One common assertion I read from frustrated Backers of delayed items, is "Thank to you, I've been burnt too many times and I'm never backing another KS project again!". That is very understandable and, yet, obviously a shame. There IS a place for crowdfunding and pre-sales funding, etc., and there are many innovative ideas that could not have become realized without this platform. Unfortunately, the viability of crowdfunding IS at risk if bad-apples ruin the concept; even if the bad-apples had every intention of being Grade A pickings. I hypothesize that if all the "pre-purchase" types of people experience or learn about these f-ups, and they drop out of participation on KS/IGG, then the remaining more patient and altruistic types will be insufficient to fund Projects with *realistic* minimum funding goals for viable production. In other words, imho, $50,000 (and Nov 2013) delivery was far too low of a funding goal and far too short of a timeline for WigWag. And yet, without the substantial number of "first-on-the-block / discount gadget pre-purchase enthusiasts" backers, the nearly half-million dollars of funding would never have been reached. This means that the "next" WigWag (or, some future similarly attractive gadget) unless new Project Creators "smarten-up", under promise, over deliver, improve communication and interaction, keep scale down to practical levels, etc.. TL;DR; -- My posts are quite a bit off-topic and not directed specifically about WigWag; rather I am observing and commenting on the state of KS/IGG as a paradigm. There is absolutely nothing I can say that will impact WigWag in any way, positive or negative. They have created their own constipation, by biting off more than they could chew. @Terry: If you wouldn't want to be involved in what I suggested, then it's very simple, stay out. I don't want or "expect" anyone to do anything. If you read my message without the distaste for Wigwag clouding your sight, you'd realize that I was simply asking. Do you really think I'd take the position of trying to talk people into something like that? You either are or aren't interested, and I have no plan to try to talk anyone into anything. I'm not even sure Wigwag would respond to such a request. @Eric Harrison: Really?!? You'd expect Backers to throw "good money after bad"? If WigWag can't deliver the basic functionality defined and agreed upon with our 9x goal pledges, why would you expect them to deliver anything else? BTW: I know my postings do nothing to encourage WigWag, nor can I affect their reputation. My intent is to point out the ludicrousness of Kickstarter and that Kickstarter's reputation should be at stake. WigWag is one of hundreds of epic fail Projects, but KS don't care: They get their 5% (of the BACKERS' MONEY) *regardless* of how infeasible the Project is or how poorly the Creators execute (or even if the Project turns out to be entirely fraudulent). Crowdfunding and "sharing economy" companies exist for one reason only: Their OWN profits. Uber received $2 billion in funding this past month, giving them an estimated capitalization value of over $17 billion. Uber doesn't own cars, doesn't drive the cars, it just exploits high-unemployment rates and ill informed low skilled labor with 20% commission fees just for matching riders with their "partner" drivers. Off topic, perhaps, but it's the same BS as KS. Update #32 on June 13th, 2014: "Additional funding simply means quicker timelines." This is only true *if* you get the additional funding in a quick enough time and large enough amount to impact our project. Otherwise, this is taking hours away from staff to build/fund a company instead of spending those hours to complete & ship the already funded kick starter project. It seems to me that the biggest issue most people have is not knowing what is going on! I'm sure we would all agree that if they had kept in more regular contact with us then we would perhaps be more 'at ease' with delays (relatively speaking). Wigwag have possibly offered a solution to this problem without us realising it! If I remember in an earlier update they said that if anyone was in the area and wanted to visit they could! So my question is 'do any of the kickstarter backers of Wigwag live close to their offices?'. If this was the case then they could visit, share everyone's worries and report back to us all! I know it's a long shot...but I KNOW that if they were in driving distance of my home I have enough money at risk of being lost to warrant a visit to their offices to 'see how it's going'!!!! So..."HANDS UP IF YOU LIVE IN TEXAS!" @Grant, WigWag is 7 months late from their predictions with no sign of delivery soon and I have significant funds tied up with WigWag that I could be spending on alternative solutions that are available now. This isn't speculation, this is fact. WigWag's communication has been poor and vague with repeated promises that they have failed to keep. Anyone remember the promise of a weekly update? Their latest communication contains no hard dates or details and so I have no faith that the pattern of slippage we have seen so far won't continue. I have backed numerous crowd funded projects and many of them have been late. The difference with them is that they have been open and clear on the causes of delays and published revised timelines that they have then followed through with. I am sure WigWag are working hard to deliver but in the absence of fact people will start to speculate. It wouldn't be hard or time consuming for WigWag to remove speculation by starting to communicate regularly with certainty and clarity. The fact they have failed to is their failing and no one else's. I was actually very open to how that hardware would be provided. It could be anything from fully functional shields (for Relay and Sensor Block functionality) to the final/finished consumer grade Relay and Sensor Block. And, I would be flexible enough with the price because I understand that Wigwag would need to make some kind of profit from it (as I previously stated). I just want to know if there is enough support amongst us backers to even approach Wigwag with the idea. Any thoughts about the latest WigWag update? DeviceJS release "soon", and a commitment in BOLD that says backer hardware will ship, and that finances affect only the schedule. In real terms, WigWag has still delivered nothing. No hardware, no code. But in context, I still trust them. I have no reason to believe they are not making progress on all fronts. The re-commitment to backer delivery was needed. The video was a nice touch, but Ben looked like he could use a bit more sleep. @Eric: The main issue with your idea involves "marginal cost": I doubt WigWag could afford to sell us more hardware at the KS prices (though it would be great if they could). Additional sales to KS backers must not dig them deeper into the financial hole. Since KS backers will not be paying for the online service, I doubt WigWag could even afford to sell us hardware at the Amazon pre-sale price, but I suspect they'll do it anyway because there isn't really any way they can charge us more. I like the idea of KS backers moving more money into WigWag's hands, but only if the money is "green" and not pushing them into the red. If you like the prices in the WigWag Store, that's probably the best place to go. If you'd like to see some bare-board offerings (I would too!), the store may still be the best approach. I think some people need to take a chill pill. It seems typical mentality of some to make claims. Speculating the worst does nobody any favours If you carry on like you are, then you don't deserve to be investing in crowd funding ??? By the way, if Wigwag proposed this, they would be butchered by backers. That's why it would need to come from a group of us backers. Please give it some thought, and if we have enough support for this, maybe we can find a way to communicate that to Wigwag. I don't know how to propose this to Wigwag, but it's been on my mind for quite some time now. I was wondering if it would be possible, and beneficial to Wigwag and those backers who are agreeable, for Wigwag to take orders from backers for hardware (Relay and Sensor Block only, no cases nor other non-essential components). It would mean that those backers who are willing to pay for that early hardware (yes, I know this is paying for something that was already paid for) would receive a working product. And, if enough backers are interested, then Wigwag would benefit from having product in backers' hands, having their product used and reviewed, having at least some funds from the profit made on that hardware, etc. Frankly, this is why I have asked Wigwag on numerous occasions whether they have passed FCC certification. If they have, then my suggestion would at least be possible. Note: This would not be considered fulfilling the product that was a part of the Kickstarter campaign. That product would still be owed by Wigwag later. As a backer, I have a mixed opinion on how things have unfolded. Though I do feel that Wigwag has failed us backers and now appears to have a very tough road toward delivery, I still want to believe that they had good intentions (though it becomes more difficult to deal with that as communication is sparse). I would be willing to take a leap of faith and make an order like I described above, if it is in the framework of a true order. That means there would need to be a commitment by Wigwag to deliver within a few weeks. If that quick delivery isn't possible, then I wouldn't be interested (too much risk). Are any other backers interest in proposing something like this to Wigwag? I wasn't comparing WigWag to Apple. There was no analogy. I picked one of the latest topics why people wanted a refund (the same people who believe WigWag has no cash left. Irony or failure in logic? If they believe WigWag has no money, why are they asking for money? If they believe WigWag has money, then why not wait for the project to finish?), and tried to point out why the reason was invalid. The topic being that big companies are starting similar projects. We agree that more updates would be nice. We disagree on how to react. I want to encourage WigWag to talk to us. It's not something they are obligated to do even if it was an early intent. And every communication they do publish is responded to with threats and caps locked responses from the people who are supposed to be their supporters. I'd rather not acknowledge such responses either. I find engaging in respectful conversation with creators privately has always gotten good results. It's something that could work in a public forum too, if there weren't so many messages trying to demand attention in ways that no sane adult would respond to. @Kris, your analogies are not strictly fair. A closer analogy would be if Apple had: - launched the iPhone - accepted orders for the iPhone with a clear indication of delivery dates - charged customers - given very sparse and vague or updates - announce that they had decided to do some further development work on the iPhone to make it better but this would mean a significant delays to everyone's orders - given customers no option to cancel their order despite the significant delays and change of product I know Kickstarter isn't an e-commerce purchase platform and that their are risks but the wonderful thing with Kickstarter is the collaboration that is on offer between the early adopters and the creators. This can be used to enhance the product prior to general release. Every other Kickstarter I've been involved with I felt engaged. Instead, WigWag seem to be treating us as standard e-commerce purchasers who have simply pre-ordered a product and we should be expected just accept these delays. Well, if I'm to be treated as a simple end customer then I will respond in kind. This level or service and communication is unacceptable, I formally request a refund! Yes Kris! Fantastic post and sentiment Kris. A big +1 Though the info shared has slowed, what has been shared does not have me concerned about this project completing. There is a lot of elaborated speculation every time a bit of news is shared. In the beginning that speculation was about the infinite things this platform would be able to do, and now it's taken more of an ominous tone. The speculation becomes "fact" at some point, somehow, and the panic builds more off of the speculation than the original post. WigWag, please know that not everyone who is quiet on this forum agrees with the doom and gloom scenario being preached. Keep the info coming, as it's being read and mostly understood in context by reasonable, thinking people. I enjoy the story of your journey as much now as when you started, including both the ups and downs. An example of speculation: There's no way to be know that WigWag has "missed their window" of being relevant in home automation, as big companies have only started entering or talking about entering the market and are likely years away from a useful package. Remember that the original iPhone had no 3G, cut-and-paste functionality, or sending photos over SMS despite many of their competitors already being capable of doing this? It took Apple several iterations (couple of years) to get to something actually worth buying, and this is pretty normal. Meanwhile WigWag is trying to do the hard work of innovating, publicly, instead of behind closed doors like the large companies are who can then hide from having to answer for their setbacks. That's not something I'd ever want to go through, but it's interesting to watch them do it. Keep up the hard work and deliver our rewards as soon as you can. I know I'm not an investor with all of the rights and privileges that brings, but rather just someone who likes your ideas and gave you money with an extremely limited contract to protect myself. I took that all into consideration when I pledged. I was cool with that then, and still am now. If I'd expected something right away, I'd have done the safe and responsible thing and spent money on what was commercially available at the time. Can't wait to hear and see what's next as you struggle to bring this project (and company) to life. The bigger and stronger you get, the longer my WigWag devices will stay relevant. @ saxnix. AGREED! I could be wrong here but I am guessing that our only chance to get anything is for WW to get the additional funding they need to produce the product. I don't see how trashing them is going to help with that. Sure be angry - the communication has been well below expectations and they have admitted that they don't have enough money to manufacture, but until we get more precise info on how big the short fall is, or how they are going with additional funding, you are simply wasting your time at this stage, or at worst, helping ensure we get absolutely nothing for our pledges. @Tim Elmore: I think it is time we contact EVERY "Media Outlet" that promoted WigWag so that they can be aware that their journalistic reputation is at stake if they don't follow-up on "failure to deliver" gadgets. <url>"holding their breath". So two days ago WigWag posted on their Facebook page that they would be posting an update "today". And now two days have past. I really hoped that by now they had learnt the lesson of under promise and over deliver, not over promise and under deliver. @Bob Cunningham: Kickstarter should be providing some "value added" in exchange for their commission fee (5%). This could be more help pages that explain the risks of Projects and the statistics of delay, etc.. Or they could just work on some "continuous improvement" of small things to reduce confusion to Backers. For example: ELIMINATE the "Estimated delivery:" field in the Reward descriptions, since these dates are surely missed 60% to 90% of the time...? Amazon has their fingers in this too, via Amazon Payments. Amazon's Marketplace, however, has an excellent "A-Z [satisfaction] Guarantee" program, regardless of who is using their platform. Blah blah... Kickstarter is not Amazon ... Again: That's not the appearance to a substantial customer base here. I agree with Eric that the only way it looks like we will all get our rewards is if they can get some more investors. I personally am in for over $1,800 and really hope I get something for it. Between what this should do, and the way SmartThings operates, I still think this should be the better product. Other than informing us about new investors coming on, I don't know what else they can do - except tell us how much they need to complete the production and shipping of the rewards. I would really like to know how far short they are at this stage. @Eric, I currently feel I have exhausted every option open to me to try and persuade WigWag to engage with the Kickstarter backers and address my/our concerns. I have used every communication method open to me and so I have now reached a point of complete anger. They clearly are finding the time to go in for competitions like this and use social media to shout about it but they can't be arsed to talk to us! I had a huge amount of interest and faith in this project, to the point that I backed them BIG. I'm not the $5,000 backer but I'm probably the second largest backer, and they can't be bothered to respond to any of my attempts at communication. This lack of communication makes me feel that the WigWag crew have very little faith left that they'll be able to deliver this. Why else would they be avoiding us? With that in mind the only method I have left of persuading them to open dialogue with us is for me to point out that the only logical next step for me is to highlight to any other would-be investors out there that perhaps WigWag isn't a sound investment for them. I want them to deliver, I just no longer have any faith in their ability to do so. Not sure how that helps anyone. I understand and share the frustration, but the judges wouldn't be making an assessment of financials nor investor relationships (and the like) from what it sounds. And, cutting their legs from under them only hinders Wigwags ability to try and recover from past mistakes. I don't think thats a way toward any kind of solution or a useful means of getting Wigwag to communicate with the people who backed them. Matthew - I'd love to talk to judges of said competition too. Let me know if you decide to go down that route. WigWag have posted on their Facebook and Twitter feeds the "great" news they've made it to the finals of the V2Venture Pitch Competition. My comment back to them "You need to start addressing the concerns of your Kickstarter backers before bragging about stuff like this. Thanks to your link I now have a list of the judges. Start communicating or I will be organising for backers to start lobbying these judges." @bob. Honestly of all the hardware projects I've backed all have delivered on time or max 4 months late. But that's besides the point completely I'm sure you will find most will have clear ways to deliver, in this case they are actually saying they can't deliver without additional funds. As in they already spent all the money with nothing to show for it. If the delays where based on turkey technical reasons I think everyone would be far more understanding. Especially when the money seems to mainly have been spent on travel and cosmetic changes to the product. That's why a lot of people are asking for at least some transparency. @Terry Gauchat: All of the data I've been using for research has been freely and openly available to all, and has NEVER been hidden in any way. If anything, you seem to be asking that others do your risk analysis for you. I suspect you could pay someone to do that, though asking KS to do it themselves seems pointless: That would be like asking YouTube to be responsible for copyright violations. With very few exceptions, the responsibility is always with the creator and the consumer, not the middleman. Caveat Emptor. Sparse's funding closed on Dec 8 of their funding year, and they estimated delivery for the following March. Very similar to WigWag (so far...). For first-time KS hosts of hardware projects, this really is the expectation, not the exception. As I said in an earlier post, 1 year is the norm for many projects of this kind, no matter what the initial delivery estimate is. However, my further research has unearthed a trend within this data: Projects that do more work in-house and/or locally tend to deliver closer to on-time (less late). Projects that rely on lots of long-distance outsourcing tend to do worse. This effect seems to be largely independent of the technological risk of the project, or the number of units being made, or by how much the goal was exceeded. It just seems that manufacturing is tough, and long-distance manufacturing is toughest of all. Another possible factor (tough to tell from the data) is if the project is really its own end, or if it is intended to be a corporate launchpad. WigWag has always presented itself as being on its way to corporate greatness, that these KS offerings were just the "first" products of many more to come. Sometimes, KS "hobby" project success does lead to founding a business, despite the initial intentions of the founders (Digistump comes to mind), but that's often needed just to handle the business and finance aspects in a responsible manner (such as paying folks to help out with shipping). I very much doubt the KS corporate folks are industrial engineers or hardware project managers (though I agree hiring some would certainly be good). If you look at the number of projects in all KS categories, you'll see the technology-based hardware-delivery ones are a minority.. No, the KS corporate folks must be primarily web and money folks, and they seem to be fairly good at those two things. If you were to back a project that was making a KS competitor, what would you look for? How do the other project funding sites compare to KS? (Indiegogo scares me a bit, since the project ALWAYS gets the cash, independent of any goals. But my Indiegogo investments have actually performed better overall than my KS investments!) No investment is safe. It is 100% the responsibility of the investor to judge the risk before making the investment (the KS FAQs and policies say this over and over, in many different ways). Risk even applies to things like purchases from online stores, where some stores can easily be judged to be riskier than others. Does ANYONE reasonably expect a KS project to be anything AT ALL like a "store with delayed shipping"? If so, you really should NOT be here, and should never do anything like this ever again. It is important to have a plan for what comes next if WigWag fails. Perhaps the right thing for some will be to avoid project investing forever, and stick to conventional stores. Others will accept the risk (which means accepting the loss), learn what they can, see if their loss was avoidable (missed early research), and apply it to future investments. My recent posts reveal this progression in my own thinking, looking more toward the WigWag software than the hardware. Even if the WigWag hardware never ships, i believe their software will, and that others will pick up the ball that WigWag looks to be ready to drop, and will make hardware that actually ships (though we'll still have to buy it). When it comes to risky investments, you always hope for the best, but must always be ready and able to accept the worst and move on. WigWag has made mistakes, but nothing they have done comes even close to anything like fraud or criminal behavior. They took big risks, and seem to have missed on too many of them. Only in hindsight is it clear that some of the risks should not have been taken. But I have no doubt that all involved thought those risks were the best path to their primary goal. Which, unfortunately, was founding a company, not making their promised widgets for their backers. @Bob Cunningham: You quote "It took more than a year to deliver the first units to backers" ... That's been EXACTLY my point from the start (and, even to be fair and stupid, even before the WigWag Project was funded)... That point being: No CREATOR has ANY EXCUSE whatsoever anymore to post unrealistically optimistic "Estimated delivery dates"! WigWag gave THEMSELVES only 3-months to delivery (mid-August to mid-November); and while I'm not stupid enough to believe that was possible, such dates are (a) believed by many Backers who are less experienced on Kickstarter; and (b) are still a baseline to set a confidence level for other Backers... i.e., the confidence that the WigWag product line must be pretty close to mass-production ready if shipping is expected in 3 months. Are you listening, Kickstarter? With the substantial fees you collect on these "Projects" ($22,750 from *us* WigWag Backers), can't you spend a little more time and expertise to vet them? Can't you come up with some ways to enforce delivery dates and help provide recourse for Projects that move far out of scope? Communication, communication, communication. How hard is it to communicate things? Anything at all. I understand that you might think you have nothing to say but even small talk is better than radio silence and totally ignoring the only customers you have. You respond to positive comments here and gloss over others. Acknowledge the angst of your backers. You obviously aren't so busy that you can't write a few messages. Maybe take a minute or two when you are waiting to catch a plane to one of the many shows you are going to and communicate with backers. I'm not sure what that has to do with anything. Is the argument that some other company missed their dates by a year and then shipped, so we should be alright with what Wigwag has done? Of course there are difficulties in a startup and I personally wouldn't want to run one, but that's why I haven't tried and that's why I haven't taken people's money and made promises of delivering. There is a lot of responsibility in taking $450k of peoples' money, and the Mr. Hemphill has been completely irresponsible with that money. He has crushed his backers with the iron triangle by growing the scope of the project and somehow didn't fully understand how that would affect timing and cost. Then he uses that scope change ("you are getting a much better product than shown in the original campaign") to justify the late delivery and lack of funds. Keep in mind, we have to guess at what has happened by piecing the poor communications by Wigwag together. What I describe here is actually giving them the benefit of the doubt that they haven't done anything unethical with the funds. About Sparse: <url>"it took more than a year to deliver the first units to backers" "Today Sparse is shipping and profitable" Gosh I wonder how you would have managed if you had only got your goal amount of $50,000. This will be the very last kickstarter project I back, thanks for nothing wigwag. Complaint to Amazon cannot be done 105 days after transaction date. We are stuck :P This ???? is now a joke if you look at the last update. ... Somebody must be drunk to post that update ... I guess we should have a shot .. at Austin ....,. I really hope this "project" is a success, however there seem to be a lot of people who would rather have thier money back than wait a year after the expected deliverly date. So here is a quick story that those people might be interested in... I ran a successful Kickstarter campaign last summer. We had some scammers dispute the charges with amazon after donating $800 above the reward level. Kickstarter said they had backed multiple projects at the highest level and then disputed the charges after the product shipped. I only relate this story to you all so that you know it is possible to get your money back yourselves. I'm not sure if there is a deadline, but this happened to me 4 or 5 months after the completion of the project. Amazon has a "customer's right first, ask questions later" view to towards refunds and claims against sellers. I hope not too many people do this, but by now, it should be an option for those who want it. Where has the $454k gone? It is time for disclosure of the financials. Nothing but broken promises thus far. I dont have that level of experience either. Thats why I'm searching for nearly plug-n-play hardware to work with. So far, the following is the best solution that I've found in a radio transceiver. Check it out; cheap, powerful, and very low risk. <url>""be respectful and considerate"" when posting comments but WigWag can SCREW backers! Kickstarter you have a responsibility to do the right thing and force them to refund. All backers, Has anyone explored if class action law suit is in order??? Despite the delays and scary financials, I still think WigWag is still the best horse in the race. There's no other hardware product or software system out there that attracts me near as much: I'll ride the WigWag horse until she keels over. But not only because of the cool hardware designs (the focus on 6-LowPAN is so right). No, I think the software is the real treasure: For example, I believe DeviceJS is (will be?) an "insanely great" tool for home automation. Fortunately, it looks like DeviceJS and the other WigWag software will happen no matter what, even if the hardware never ships. So I've started to think of my KS pledge a little bit more more as a programming bounty, and a little bit less as a hardware purchase, though I definitely DO want the hardware I pledged for! I suspect the cool WigWag hardware designs happened primarily due to the clarity of the software vision (including other software such as Node and Contiki), and certainly not the other way around. If you really want to get the most out of WigWag in the near term, it may be much more useful to hammer on the software schedule (and Open Source releases) and less on the hardware schedule (which may never happen). @David: it seams to me that they will have to support it at some point. Otherwise they simply won't be competitive. Any view on the impact of apple homekit announcement on wigwag ? At least no hardware announced by apple... @Terry: agreed. Hi guys, long time lurker just giving a take on the situation. There is a real risk that by the time funding is secured and manufacturing takes place that the technology will be outdated. Having said that I think we were mislead into believing that our funds would be solely used to develop and fulfil the intended product. Rather it appears that our funds were invested to improve the marketability of WigWag Co through the attendance of conferences and time/effort spent on activities that would not directly contribute to the success of this KS campaign (i.e design refinement). Coupled with the piss poor level of communication with your backers, you're starting to lose my vote of confidence. Also, it time that you disclosed the financials. Well, I've resolved to do my homework and make my own system with help from openHab. I would have been willing to even prepay on another pre-order had the folks at Wigwag been up front about their status to include their miscalculations for timing, cost, and how they had allowed the scope to get out of hand. Its possible that they pull this together and I hope for everyone's sake they do, but the fruit of their past year of decision making doesnt bode well for that. @Khalil: It is interesting to consider if WigWag had a smaller and more focused campaign and system (fewer options, less "flash", and lower maximum purchasers): Could they have reached a significant market much sooner, "flaky", and thus established a loyal base of followers that might hold up against competition better than the current situation? So it looks like Apple will be announcing its own home automation system next week. This only goes to show that wig wag may have really missed the launch window where it could have made an actual impact in the market before the glut hits. I am starting to joining the people who want a refund honestly. Especially considering that I sank > $800 in the vapourware. Todd Bernhard discussed in his post, there was a report out Monday from The Financial Times saying that Apple will be announcing a new Smart Home platform during next Monday's keynote at the Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC). Apple has been working on an integrated home system for at least several years, with a number of patent applications indicating what they have in mind. In this post from January of 2012, for example, I pointed to a patent application that described a single device that would automatically detect appliances available for it to control. This would include TV, video disk player, stereo, computer, and home device controls, such as security, lighting, thermostat, and a wide range of other devices that are now Internet connected, such as the intelligent thermostat from Nest and smart light bulbs from Hue. The Financial Times says that Apple has been talking to companies that make smart home products. If they make them compatible with Apple's new platform, then Apple will certify the devices and sell them in their retail stores. The report says that the certification would be similar to Apple's "Made for iPhone" label that it gives to accessories, but with new branding and a new logo. WigWag tweeting today and getting it wrong "@davezatz: @WigWagCo @gigastacey That article is about 6 months old and it seems BBY has pulled the bulbs from their site... ;)". WigWag - please just focus on shipping us product !! Well thank u for the update. I still hope i get wigwag some time this year but u saying it depends on funding sounds like u really messed up !!! u got about 450 000 US dollars. 9 time more what u planned!!! when i was 12 i used to spend all my pocket money that i had for the whole month the first 3 days .. that was understandable .. u misusing almost half a million?!!! u really messed up somewhere ... Grant A production run of say 90 doesn't cost 9x a production run of 10. You only do the design, tooling, setup, software development, administration once regardless of volume Since when does 9x more funding goal equal 9x more money ???? Surely there is no logic in that statement?? 9x more funding means 9x more product to produce? "End of summer" ... but contingent on more financing? What is chat short form for "I told ya so" ... (ITYS?). Perhaps "BS" is simpler. I've had mixed responses to my comments to previous updates and the overall Project. I see a few more folks here are coming around to my line of thought. Do I want WigWag to fail? -- No... Do I think that this uncertainty, delays, and change of plans (violation of Kickstarter guidelines that a Project is to be self-contained, not meant to start a new BUSINESS with outside investors) is unacceptable? -- Yes. Do I have ANY faith whatsoever that this update's "end of summer" quote is an accurate or even "in-good-faith" estimate of Rewards delivery? No f-ing way. UNDER promise and OVER deliver. How hard is that to comprehend? As soon as the scale of this Project went above the experience level of the Creators, and PRIOR to accepting the Funding, they should have posted an update with very clear revised, worst case, super pessimistic delivery dates AND given any and everyone an easy opportunity to cancel their backing. All post-funding, delay upon delay updates are rather moot if refunds are not given (per Kickstarter Terms ... unable to deliver = mandatory refund). Heck, at the very least, updates should not continue to lead us on with dates that have no basis in reality. This Project received 9x its funding goal, therefore it is 900% fully funded. No extra funding should be required. The fact that Kickstarter allows this nonsense is a continuing blemish on its reputation. Seeking additional traditional investors (VCs, accredited investor crowdfunding, partners, buyouts), pre-sales via other platforms, takes a long time and should NEVER be in the scope of a Kickstarter Project. When this situation happens, the Project should be declared a failure. WigWag may succeed as a company or a product of another company. But this Project is a failure and I repeat my request for an immediate and full refund due to violation of good-faith and for generally being strung-along for a BS ride. It's funny the sponsors of this campaign modified the scope and say they need more funding; they need to kick-in more of their funds not look to sell out. At least they appear to be up front about it. I am excited that the software side is coming along but concerned to hear that there is not enough money to fulfill the backer orders. Please keep the information coming more regularly. You obviously haven't gone through all the money and you probably won't disclose how much you are seeking to get to shipment, but it would be interesting to know how short you are. The video doesn't even look like a real demo. Instead it looks like a mock up of a comp / initial design. What is going on here? I have to agree with Tim. My reading of WigWags update and the kickstarter terms and conditions is that they cannot fulfill without a further capital raising and therefore we are entitled to a refund (which unfortunately might mean the end of WigWag). I had high hopes for WigWag and this project "Send an email to support [at] wigwag.com if you want to participate!" I'd like to participate in getting my money back, project is "projected" to be 10 months late. NO thanks. WigWag I think you need to tell people how much more funding you need and where the money has gone. When you raised 9x your target on kickstarter most of us (quite reasonably) assumed you had the money you needed. Then on 8 Feb you specifically confirmed to me on here that "@David We do have the funds to handle shipment at the stated schedule per last update." David 2 quick questions; Are we likely to get an update this weekend? Will you have the demo video ready this weekend? I'm frustrated more and more as time goes by because we are in constant limbo. I don't know if I should start buying components (i.e. udoo, some arduino's, sensors, etc) to build my own system over time, or if we will actually get our Wigwag products and be able to buy more of those. I'm at the point where it's probably a matter of weeks (maybe inside July timeframe) when I decide, and yet I don't want to waste time and money. Thanks WigWag for the update. I'm coming to Austin in late October (to watch Formula 1 motor racing) - if i don't have WigWag by then I'll be sure to drop by !! With new Russian laws I will not be able to customs clearance these devices. Please refund me money to paypal <email> Thank you. Wish i lived in the states... Would live to visit and see how its all done. :-) Souliss, not Soulsiss. What could possibly look promising about another video? I've looked around, and this same functionality can be achieved in an afternoon with use of Openhab, Soulsiss, a Raspberry Pi, Arduino, and a few components. All Wigwag does is add a nice gui and package it nicely. I'm willing to pay for that packaging, but the follow through by Wigwag is horrible at best and fraudulent at worst. This is wearisome... Great - sounds promising I left a very recent comment on facebook asking when there would be an update. They did actually reply! I was told that they were 'planning to release a video update shortly'. When i said thank you they said that they were 'working hard with a lean team' and were 'planning on recording a demo of the new prototype' I've messaged them of Facebook pointing out that twitter and Facebook activity without anything on kickstarter is not good. Perhapsif a number of us message them on Facebook we might see a post here. Consider reporting this Project on <url>"WigWag" exists as a Topic under Projects. It is just a third-party discussion forum. I can't vouch for its value. I hear the frustration over not being kept in the loop here on what is happening. The original commitment of a weekly/bi-weekly update?? was great. This is product that is going to be the center of my automation system and I would love to hear how they are going, what challenges they are coming up against, and how this effects the delivery schedule. Having said that, I am with David that I am not too concerned and it looks like August could be delivery time. Who knows though.....regular updates would be great. Other than the lack of communication on kickstarter I'm actually not too concerned at the moment. Based on the website and twitter/Facebook I think we will get product in August. Dont get me wrong i agree it doesnt look good! The signs arent great! I just dont think making public complaints on Amazon etc are going to help! They clearly need more money from some sort of investment...if people see public complaints then investments are less likely! We may just have to wait very very patiently! I am incredibly frustrated too...i just dont understand why they cant write some sort of update. Its a shame kickstarter cant/wont step in to give them a nudge! Chris, don't confuse "are never going to reach" with "can't fulfill". They are not the same thing. How would you know when something is *never* going to happen? The are obligated to provide a working product or a refund. The facts in this case just don't look good: 1. trying to raise more investment money 2. pre-selling the product on other websites for the same or reduced costs 3. lack of updates 4. pushing an already late time line yet again. I don't think that sort of action really helps the rest of us. <url>#faq_41859 Reading this we are only entitled to a refund if they are never going to reach their goal...we don't know if they are even close to that point yet! Of course if Wigwag kept us more up to date then people wouldn't be talking about getting refunds and sending ridiculous emails complaining! Even Kickstarter say that most projects take a lot longer than people expect! Although I agree it's very frustrating 1) not knowing what is going on and 2) waiting at lot longer than we expected, I really don't think sending emails of complaint to people who could potentially damage our chance of this project succeeding is really going to help! I've never backed anything on kickstarter before Wigwag BUT even I know that kickstarter isn't a 'shop' where you pay to buy things directly... It's a way to help get great ideas off the ground with the promise of rewards if and when they succeed. I am sure all of us backers believe in the idea of wigwag and want it to do really well...let's face it we wouldn't have backed the money if we didn't! All we need is wigwag to keep us regularly updated, even if it's just a sentence! Is this guy for Real! Wigwag: I have posted warnings about your company on your Amazon pages, and emails three different blog authors that write for CNN/Forbes/FastCompany. If another week passes without a refund, I will make another round of posts and contacts along the same lines. This is unacceptable. Over 2 weeks with no reply from WigWag regarding a refund. Very, very disappointing. Please could we have another update from Wigwag?! Hey guys! I noticed Amazon is offering a better price & what Terry said about returning the product once you get it for a refund would be the best thing to do. I understand the frustration when I saw Amazon pricing. I'm not sure this cloud service justifies the pricing difference either. I'm not sure what I would do, but I want people to be aware of this more YOU can get a REFUND once the product is delivered. Keep up the hard work guys! August 21 on the order pages Would be nice if WigWag could comment here.... Where? I'm still seeing June 30 on Wigwag.com Ship date on preorders is now August 21 @Terry: What I meant (but failed to say explicitly) was that the 'lifetime' cloud service means nothing if hardware failed to ship. No contradiction at all! Things must be coming together quickly for WigWag to start going public with even vague ship dates. I know the feeling well: Nobody ever believes anything is close to done until, suddenly, the last thing is being done! This is most true after being thoroughly burned by a wildly over optimistic initial estimate (once burned, twice shy). Been there, done that. But fortunately NOT in the consumer market: Those consumers can be rough! Were I in their shoes, before sharing dates I'd want to have 100% working pre-production boards in-hand for every product (firmware at 95%), final prototypes for all enclosures (with at least the first production molds made), and the cloud software down to a 1 page must-fix list. Has anyone seen a new price for the cloud service? I remember some numbers being tossed around during the campaign, but I haven't been able to find them. Although I want the product as soon as possible, my expectations have been significantly lowered by the very late shipment of other KickStarter projects I have backed. It used to upset me if shipping was delayed (one product I backed will be at least a year past its expected ship date by the time I finally get it), but now I have gone more zen. If the products eventuate and are of a good quality, I can handle the delay. I figure I am still getting a product that will enable me to have the Jetson's lifestyle (LIFX, UBI, Plug-a-way. Nurio, WigWag - just to name a few), but at a much lower price point than traditional methods. Don't get me wrong, I still check here a couple of times a day to read others comments and see if there are any posts or updates from the devs, but at the end of the day I signed up for the journey and not just a product. Keep the information flowing and I will be happy to one day have WigWag as the center of my automated home. In the meantime, I like hearing what other backers think, and more importantly, what they plan to do with their system when they get it. Actual June-July shipping of a "high" quality and functional product would be certainly, finally, "exceeding expectations" and appreciated. Should this new published target date slip, however, it would be an obvious continuation of "over-promising". Anyone want to make a friendly wager? I'm not saying what side I'm taking though :-) If Wigwag pulls this off, with a summer shipment of a good quality product, I will almost feel as if I'll owe them an apology for being harsh in my view of their development efforts. I found it difficult to remain completely objective when I've had such high hopes for using their product and had to accept that the shipment was being delayed. If I get a good product in June-July, I will definitely buy more parts and spread the word. I do have two questions with the preorders (dont recall seeing this on your site). Will pre-orders on the Wigwag site be charged at or before shipment? And, will there be any discount for backers (not critical for me, but I'm still interested). Pre-orders on Wigwag.com are also stated as having an expected ship date of June 30th. Things are starting to sound promising. @Bob: In an earlier comment to this update, you write "KS backers get the WigWag cloud service free for life". Then you write "WigWag has ABSOLUTELY no legal requirement to actually ship us anything! If they just fold up and disappear, there is not one single thing any of us can do about it." These are significant contradictory statements. Since WigWag, in your opinion, WigWag has no obligation to ship any product, by the same principle they are not obligated to offer the promised free-cloud-service-for-life to Backers either. People here that excuse WigWag's deviation from the Nov 2013 shipping date because of the amount of funding received by the close of the campaign, are neglecting to hold WigWag at fault for not explicitly updating these dates in a campaign update PRIOR to the close of the campaign and the credit cards being charged, so that early Backers could make an informed decision that WigWag had decided to change the scope and delivery timeframe of the product. My statement remains the same: There is no longer ANY excuse for unrealistic, overly optimistic timeframes to be published unadjusted during the funding period. None. Backers pledge money "in-good-faith", and Creators are negligent and/or deceitful if they accept pledges given the black-and-white description of the Project and its delivery dates. If they believe that they won't be able to take the heat ... cancel the Project prior to the end of funding and relaunch with realistic dates, automatically giving all of us refunds and the fullest opportunity to make an informed participation decision. I appreciate the discussion here. Certainly prefer the words of support to the petty words of insult, but that's par for the course in forum threads. Wow! My prior searches revealed lots of suits, but all had either been dismissed or were withdrawn before going to court. The suit against Mr. Quest wasn't among them, a major miss on my part. (Or it was there, and I failed to notice it.) Here's more about that suit: <url>#/bundles/smartthings-starterkit have you guys seen this? <url>"mid-summer", which means we are either at the start of that list, or completely before it! Let WigWag focus on their most immediate and pressing concerns,and trust that they will never intentionally alienate their KS backers, since doing so could easily kill them in the market. They will not screw us over! But that's doesn't mean they'll shower us with gifts and discounts once our products ship. They are a business, not a charity. We KS backers have an agreement with WigWag, and aside from a COMPLETELY understandable schedule slip, WigWag has done nothing to violate that agreement. Sure, I wish they'd talk to us more often, but I really doubt they have the time to babysit a bunch of whining backers. Is THAT really how you want the WigWag crew to spend its time and money? Or would you rather have them spend every waking breath working toward getting our products to us? My personal prediction is they are 3-6 weeks away from having production prototypes for all hardware, and my SWAG is that production on at least one piece of hardware (probably the Relay) will also start in that time frame. I have no guess when the other products could start production, nor do I have a clue about the state of their software. One thing I'm almost certain of is that WigWag cannot afford to send our perks in multiple shipments: That may mean the first perks won't ship until the last piece of hardware enters production, though they may tailor the production plans to get some perks kitted out before others. Those of us with the most variety in our orders (raise your hand) should expect to ship last, though I suspect WigWag would dearly love to ship to us first! Good point, Bob. I'm also wondering when Wigwag is planning to give the info on discount prices for future purchase(s) of backers. They stated that they would release that a few updates ago...curious Remember, KS backers get the WigWag cloud service free for life. The Amazon price may discount the up-front hardware cost against the future long-term revenue stream for the periodic cloud fees. Much like how cell phone companies discount their phone hardware in exchange for a long-term service contract. I think we'll do OK in the long run. @Bob, Thank you for the explanations. I imagine most of here are just regular folks, or tech nerds, that really don't understand all that goes on behind the scenes and just how getting more money than expected can be as much a curse as a blessing. As far as WigWag goes, I don't believe I have reached any conclusions, and I still have high hopes they will succeed. I personally have a large personal financial stake in that hope. However, I have reached some conclusions about hardware KickStarters in general, and I will not be participating in the future until some changes come about. I agree with you that the appearance on Amazon actually bodes well for WigWag, but I still maintain that it sends a lousy message to the original backers. If you look on Amazon right now you will see many crowd-funded projects available for pre-order, some with prices very favorable to what the original backers pledged. To make matters worse for the creators, Amazon can make a unilateral decision to heavily discount these items further driving the appearance that the original backers got a bad deal. While all this may be great in the long term for the product creators, what happens when this becomes common practice and common knowledge. Why would I "pledge" a couple hundred dollars with no guarantee when I can pre-order on Amazon with a 100% money back guarantee. It's possible that "most" KickStarter users don't obsessively pay attention to these types of things, but if they did, I have to assume it would have an impact on the current model for fund raising. Anyway, not to end on a negative note. Go WigWag!!! :-) I don't disagree at all with where Mark and Terry are coming from:They describe the situation quite well. But I do disagree with their conclusions. We need to be careful to distinguish between a "technology demo" and a "deliverable product". And we also need to understand the differences between a "small success", "big success" and "failure". I believe the $50k goal would have permitted a minimal product to be shipped in a reasonable time. The reason is that a small quantity is still close to the technology demo. But at 10x the goal, the business issues rapidly multiply. The costs of production tumble with increasing volume. This means that more money per unit can be shifted from direct production costs to two areas: Developing infrastructure and improving the product. In production, we have two fundamental kinds of cost: The first is called COGS - Cost Of Goods Sold. This is the money needed to gather all the parts on the BOM (Bill Of Materials), assemble them into a product, then ship that product (production and logistics costs). This includes the overhead of paying all the folks needed to make this happen and manage the process. All other expenditures are NRE - Non-Recurring Expenses. These are the up-front costs of engineering design, development, testing, prototyping and production process development. With a big budget, COGS goes down, meaning NRE may be permitted to rise, so long as the additional NRE achieves two fundamental goals: Improve the product without affecting COGS, and further reduce COGS. That's it. Everything else would be wasteful. The thing is, these are all business tasks far more than they are engineering tasks, and most engineers are manifestly ill-prepared to navigate this path at all well. In particular, once a specific NRE path is started (say, a Chinese subsidiary), it is very difficult to limit costs short of reaching the goal. Any investment invites ever more investment to "push to the goal". So the NRE budget can evaporate far faster than initial estimates would indicate. Which means "pushing to the goal" suddenly requires more money. I believe this is where WigWag is today. Engineers simply tend to make lousy financial project managers. Big initial success is hard! Especially for engineers, who are used to "doing what it takes" to push a product to completion. It is a massive disappointment to see how difficult developing a business really is. The fun of engineering becomes a burden next to the need to push other NRE issues to their goals. A better strategy, one I recently tumbled across in my examination of other crowd-funded electronics projects: Have a continuous rolling "real" production goal, with drop-dead dates every month or so. When only COGS money remains (with adequate reserves), production must start immediately. I believe WigWag has no such goal, and has instead been "swinging for the fences". They're learning their lesson as we speak, and are shifting much of their remaining resources toward getting the COGS/NRE funding they now desperately need. There is no way they can stop where they are and take a pause, since the infrastructure they have put into place continues to burn money, no matter if products are produced or not. Stopping those efforts would mean the NRE would be lost, and much of the investment would need to be repeated to recover it. In other words, WigWag has grown into a "real" company, with "real" sustaining overhead costs, but one without products in production. The process of dividing an initial budget between COGS and NRE is a difficult one for any business, and the process of controlling the rate of depletion is even harder. This is true for any business, but it becomes the #1 reason for startup failure. Startups even have a phrase describing this race: "Burn Rate" You make an initial split between COGS and NRE, and as COGS is driven down, more money becomes available for NRE. But at some point, COGS can't be reduced any further, which means it is time for the NRE expenditures to be targeted toward making production begin. I suspect WigWag has blown past this point, and is working hard to get the NRE needed to give them the time and money needed to meet remaining NRE commitments and press on to production (spending COGS funds). The Amazon appearance is part of this plan: I'm not sure what Amazon's listing requirements are, but I do know they try their best not to post vaporware. WigWag must now have a realistic handle on what the COGS budget needs to be, and how much more NRE is needed to get to the point where production can start. This is a Good Thing. While there is still abundant reason to worry, I really think it is WAY, WAY, WAY too early to pronounce the death of the KS project. Or use it as an example of the "wrong" way to do things. They are literally victims of their own success, in the sense of jumping from an project the could manage, to one initially beyond their existing talents. But they are far from being done yet. I suspect the core WigWag crew have stopped drawing salaries (and may have returned much them) in order to reduce the Burn Rate. They are aggressively pushing everything toward "production-ready" status. But there is a "doable" time/money gap between where they are, and product shipment. Let's support their efforts to successfully bridge that gap! @Terry As someone who jumped into KS guns 'a blazing, head first and really laid some serious cash down for the the chance to be the first to have some really cool things (and save a few bucks) I couldn't agree more. This has not been the first, but it will be the last time I will pledge any more than the bare minimum, if at all, for a hardware project. To many times now I have seen where I can get the same or better price from someplace like Amazon (with none of the risk), projects that have delivered retail prior to KS backers (I'm looking at you IVEE), or projects that just turn out to be crap where I would love to have Amazon's return guarantee. I love the concept of KickStarter, but if I am to jump in again there are a lot of changes that would need to happen to regain my trust. As I think you are perhaps alluding to, KS and the creators forcefully deny being a "store" to avoid the unpleasantness of accountability, but if it walks like a duck, quacks like a duck ... well. From a business POV I see why creators would jump at the chance to be featured on Amazon, but with at least half a dozen or more undelivered KS projects available on Amazon (with Amazon backing your purchase, in fact I don't think you even get charged until it's available) why would I ever, ever, ever pledge more than a couple of bucks on KickStarter. I'm a slow learner, but this fool has parted with too much money. I'm not in any way saying that I don't still support WigWag (or others), but the original allure of being the first and getting a good deal is gone. What we are doing now is funding the startup of a company, not a product. Too bad we take all the risk, but do not share in the reward (Hello Occulus Rift). Enough ranting for today, I'm going over to Amazon to see if they have put LIFX on sale yet :-) Very surprising that Amazon (which has absolutely excellent customer service and no hassle "A-Z Guarantee" and refund policy) takes a chance on the reputation of their business by allowing the listing of unreleased products. Regardless of my feelings about WigWag and the state of this Project in particularly, the prevalence of external pre-order availability through various channels of *products* that are essentially equivalent to the Backer Rewards (at similar or even lower prices...), only serves as further evidence that Kickstarter is a pre-sales store just like these additional outlets. As pre-sales offers for Kickstarter gadgets become prevalent with prices that are not substantially higher than the Reward Levels, the cohort of Kickstarter supporters that are reward focused will become aware of the option of waiting for a reputable channel for a lower risk purchase. Other funders may continue to contribute during the Project Campaign period for their own altruistic reasons, ability to have input into the product design, updates of indeterminate detail and frequency, beta phase delivery, priority delivery, and so on; though this cohort may still be disillusioned when Creators turn their Projects into "companies seeking venture capital" -- something which is clearly inconsistent with Kickstarter guidelines, particularly if this is after funding, but prior to delivery. The WigWag Project was defined as being "deliverable" with a funding goal of only $50,000. The Creators have been UNABLE to deliver despite receiving over 9 times that goal. This is not atypical on Kickstarter; so, frankly, I lay much more blame for this illogical situation on Kickstarter itself, rather than on inexperienced Creators. The easiest solution is to disallow the offering of Products as Rewards. This is the only way that Kickstarter can fully isolate themselves from perception of being a store, and subject to reasonable timeframes on delivery or refunds. IMHO, with all due respect. For those that say I should just save my shopping for Amazon and other retailers: I totally agree. Kickstarter (and perhaps many worthwhile future Projects) has lost me as a funder; and all I have lost is the uncertainty that this outlet entails. Good price on Amazon for a relay, sensor block, glowline and tag. <url>"in the middle of the summer" Just stumbled across this podcast with @wigwag on Smart Home Show at www.technology.fm. Haven't listened to it yet but thought others might be interested <url>"Backers" (often the least vocal, I think) are rightly or wrongly of the impression that this is a pre-sales store, and nothing (no amount of disclaimer text by KS or Creators) will change that perception unless physical goods are not permitted as rewards, or until enough of these buyers are burnt and stop shopping here. I agree: there will always be a large number of Kickstarter "Backers" that have generous patience and no expectations except the success of the FOR-PROFIT entity that their payments supported. Even some of these people, however, are becoming disillusioned for various reasons: poor quality products, super late products, and sellouts to VC's or buyouts by Facebook, for example. So, IMHO, Project Creators (and, seriously, Kickstarter) need to do a much better job at realizing that their Backers come from these two communities (with overlap ... I'm in the overlap...), when the create and promote their Projects. There have been thousands upon thousands of "tech gadget" KS Projects know. There is no longer any excuse for *gross underestimates* of estimated delivery dates. Perhaps Kickstarter should execute a challenge phase prior to posting a Project where they help the Creators set highly conservative plans and other recommendations to temper expectations. I also repeat that I think over-funding is a huge problem ... A Project that is funded at nearly 10x the original goal is actually significantly MORE difficult to complete... mo-money mo-problems. Innovations like this do not scale linearly, and, those that do, perhaps need a different sort of platform for pre-sales, rather than creative development. Again: Just my opinion. And clearly, I have enough exposure to the KS experience, that my pledge was made at my own peril; though I'm sure that there are others that feel the same as I do. TL;DR; -- All the best to WigWag; though, IMHO, they need to address public image and customer service challenges, not just technical challenges. Fellow Backer's -- your faith and opinions here are completely valid as well, whether or not you agree that a refund is a reasonable request from some people's perspective. @WigWag, Thank you for the update. Good news or bad news, please provide mini updates like this. This helps for the transparency with your backers. @Terry, I just hope that WigWag have not to deal with too many requests like this. You have to know that your money is already invested somewhere in the project. WigWag have to spend a lot of time answering conflicts like this. I think that their answer is fair. Like Guzman, I have pledged a substantial amount. Now we, WigWag and their backers, are all in the same boat and we must all row in the same way. Agree - can wait but need regular updates on status and timing....... Silence results in concern / panic..... @WW Great Job, keep the mini updates coming! I agree 100% with Sanix I am willing to wait this out. I have a good feeling that at the end we will get a great product that will serve as the back bone of of our entire HA system. I really don't understand why people are getting so inpatient, all of these complex Kickstarter Home automation projects always have some degree of delay specially when you have something as open as WigWag which promises to work with so many different third party products. @ Terry. Kickstarter is not a big box store where you go with your receipt and ask for a refund. I have backed Wigwag with more than double the amount you have pledged, But unlike you I really want these guys to succeed. So please keep you're refund comments between you and Wig Wag. Thank you. @WW, great to see things are coming along. Would love the product to be here by now but am happy to wait for such a great product that will truly be the centerpiece and brains of all my home automation plans. Having said that, if you could get back to more regular updates, that would be great. Terry Gauchat Feb 7, 2014 Per Project Update # 16, you updated the original November 2013 delivery dates for the product to be "as early as late January [2014], but more likely mid February". Per the latest Project Update (#26) you now say that shipment will be "in June". This is an unacceptable delay of my order of $419 of Wig Wag products which you told me to be shipped no later than within the next week or so (mid-February 2014). Please arrange for the immediate refund of the full amount of $419 to my credit card used for payment. Thank-you, ...Terry Gauchat WigWag Response: Feb 14, 2014 Hi Terry, Thank you for writing us today. We apologize for the delay. I believe it was explained at length in the latest update, that we have been able to dramatically improve our product thanks to the support of backers like yourself. We know that you will love the final product. However, Kickstarter rules do not provide for refunds of pledges. We hope that you will remain patient with us. Thanks again. Sincerely, WigWag Support Terry Gauchat Response: Feb 14, 2014 Thank-you for the response; however, I must still insist upon a refund immediately. Kickstarter does not offer refunds, by you, the Project Creators, have specified obligations. Per Kickstarter's "Terms of Use" you are obligated to provide refunds for undelivered reward purchases, which you promised to deliver by the extension date of mid-Feb 2014. www.kickstarter.com/terms-of-use >>Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill.<< WigWag Response: Apr 19, 2014 Report Spam Terry: We understand your frustration and saw your request for refund through Amazon Payments. Unfortunately we are not able to provide refunds. This policy is in compliance with Kickstarter's own policy guidelines: "Kickstarter does not offer refunds. A Project Creator is not required to grant a Backer’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward." see more at: <url>"rewards". While your message says that "WigWag will be fulfilling all rewards to backers", you have not done so by the stated date of mid-February [2014] as stated in Project Update # 16. >>Because of our challenges with the 6Bee module, we anticipate shipping product as early as late January, but more likely mid February.<< As of today April 19th, 2014 (over 60 days past due), you have been UNABLE or UNWILLING to fulfil the purchase I made and, per the Terms of Use, you must grant my request for a refund with no further uncertainty. Your offer of holding delivery until an unstated and indeterminate "later time" and subsequently offering the opportunity "at a later time" to cancel and refund, is not acceptable. Time is of the essence in any purchase, delivery of purchase, or delivery of refund. Please respond immediately with confirmation that I will receive a full refund in the amount of $419.00 no later than May 14th, 2014 (i.e., under 90 days past the promised delivery date of "mid-February"). Sincerely, ...Terry Gauchat. In future product photos, please include a ruler or a coin or something to indicate the scale of the items. Anyone been successful in getting a refund? This user's account has been deleted. Hows the funding coming? Any better sense on progress/timing? WigWag's original estimated delivery of November 2013 was clearly insane. I looked at other community-funded home electronics campaigns of similar size and complexity, and it seems a more realistic delivery date is about a year after the start of the campaign. Some of the content of my prior comment came from the histories (updates, replies to comments, home websites, forums) of those other campaigns. Let's hope WigWag's experiences to date have ensured that the initial insanity can been cured. Proof of that would be the announcement of a new production start date for each device (board and case), and a KS shipping window (not a date - just a window), with reasons why they have confidence in them. I don't expect them to actually hit those dates: I really want to hear their arguments supporting them, which means when they miss those dates it will ensure the updates contain reasons why those initial expectations were wrong. This will benefit not only WigWag's internal self-honesty, but also communication between WigWag and its backers, and will leave a record that will aid future projects seeking KS success. Can't comment on much there Bob, but I absolutely agree with point 5 - I don't care what the packaging looks like - as long as it arrives in once piece. We can split the WigWag project into several sub-projects: 1. Electronics Design: Product design appears to be essentially done. I expect effort would now be focused on developing production test fixtures. 2. Software Design: DeviceJS work seems to be well in-hand, Cloud and phone work can safely lag a bit if local (offline) rule implementation and use is supported at shipment time. The initial rule development/test/deployment environment could be a web app running on the Relay and/or a PC. I'd give production test software a higher priority than cloud or phone development: If the hardware is bad, the software doesn't matter. 3. Artwork and Mechanical Design: This is the enclosures and custom packaging. I see lots of money disappearing down this rabbit hole, since 3D printed prototypes and mold fabrication are expensive. Making custom printed cardboard boxes and inserts can also become a nightmare. At this point, prioritize functionality above bling: Any enclosure that works will do, and a padded envelope may do for shipping. 4. Purchasing, Production and Testing: This is what scares the willies out of me. WigWag is bringing up a whole new Chinese production company with substantial up-front investment. I can only hope WigWag has a fall-back plan with reliable contractors having proven performance records, even if it kills profits. There are way too many KS horror stories of production boards arriving from China with 20-50% failure rates, meaning factory testing must to be a top priority. I've seen the development costs of production test systems rival the cost of initial product development! Both hardware and software development should focus on ensuring a bad board CANNOT leave the factory! 5. Packaging and Shipping: It looks like shipping will be from the US. But the labor for that is expensive here, so as much packaging as possible should be done in China. But if that is to happen, then 100% of the testing and software installation must also be done in China, which is another risk unless it is fully automated (another cost and potential delay). If things in China don't work as planned, WigWag may need to bite the bullet and do expensive testing and final packaging in the US. I've seen several KS projects be forced to use the labor of family and friends to get things tested and shipped without breaking the bank. (It's amazing how much help you can get from local makers, hackers and kids in exchange for pizza and Pepsi.) The one thing WigWag must not risk is shipping faulty hardware. Bad cases can be fixed with an Xacto knife and SuperGlue. Bad software can be fixed with an update (though the updater must be 100% reliable, a risk that can be mitigated by building a USB ISP interface into the hardware). My personal view of a KS investment is NOT to expect a perfect product at initial shipment, but instead to expect a product that can BECOME the promised product using only simple software and hardware tools (and patience). I just want to control my home! Ship me good hardware, with minimally functional software I can hack on. Get me there and I'll consider this a fair investment, even without the bling. For KS backers, don't waste time or money on bling! They have also just tweeted a photo <url>’s request for a refund unless the Project Creator is unable or unwilling to fulfill the reward. Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. It seems to me they have burned through all our money, and won't be delivering without additional funds. I'm still optimistic they can get WigWag out the door by this summer, but after that I think these two bullets may become relevant. Plus, as hardware converges and production starts to trickle in, software becomes the most critical item, since even the best hardware can't ship if the software isn't working. Pushing software from "working demo" to "production ready" can take a multiple of the time required for the demo development (it ain't just "apple polishing"). However, KS backers tend to be a tolerant bunch where software is concerned, and WigWag would be foolish to hold off on our shipments, since we are a key resource to help find (and fix) bugs. Unlike Amazon customers, we can't ask for refunds! We're far more committed than any future retail customer or mass-market distributor. Our status as early investors also gives us unique power in the social sphere: We can trash any future WigWag commercial roll-out if they fail to satisfy their KS backers. We literally are a vital next step on the path to successful commercialization. If WigWag can't deliver for the 1694 of us, nobody will believe they can ship to anyone else, much less provide support. So far, WigWag is only running a little late, and has been a bit slow communicating. Prospective investors are certainly looking closely at us to see how WigWag focuses and works toward a very specific initial goal. The Amazon pricing reflects anticipated production efficiencies far beyond the size of the KS volume, even allowing for Amazon's cut. If WigWag gets the backing to ramp up to this level, I imagine they'll reward KS backers in some way, perhaps by including an extra Presence Tag or something. Remember, our initial investment has no equity: It's a strict quid pro quo with a simple pass/fail result. We either receive 100% value, or nothing. Follow-on investors will gain equity and risk, but nothing else in the short term. This is good for KS backers, assuming WigWag keeps us at the front of the product shipment line. Oddly as well that amazon pre-order is the same package I as I bought as an early bird back and it's $13 cheaper than I paid. Does anyone know what the reasoning is for Wigwag pre-orders being available through Amazon? <url>"we need 50k", received eight times the amount they needed and still can not make this happen in a realistic time frame. Unfortunately this has swayed us going on other kickstarted ventures.. was exciting and fun at first. Now we feel we've been scammed. These updates are more the less a joke.. The second grade class up the street puts out a more informed new letter than this professional outfit. bummed. "We are currently in the process of raising more funds and this takes significant portions of our Founders’ time. " - Translation: Funds required were underestimated, or the project scope was allowed to grow the point of over promising. The net outcome of which is that they can't complete the project with funds in hand. So raising additional funds is causing additional delays (only 8 employees remember)? Update #28 is up. Messaged my request for a refund today. Hi WigWag, This is all well and good but what I am after is pure and simple status updates on a regular basis sent out to backers rather than having to search through this comments section. Even an update to say there is no update is worth while. Complete silence means people start fearing the worst. Yeah I'd much prefer a status update and a timeline - I still expect June to be what they are aiming for but confirmation would be good. Bob - I think we need a comprehensive status update from WigWag (which I actually think would keep many backers happy without any other actions) before we know how to best move forward ? Since I've started down the path of becoming a back-seat management strategist and pundit, I might as well go the rest of the way. What can WigWag do TODAY to restore backer faith, and get their technology into the field sooner rather than later? The answer is simple: It's the SOFTWARE, stupid! Don't make us wait for the dainty WigWag hardware or cloud services before letting us play with the software software capabilities. There are some shortcuts available to make this happen, that will cost WigWag minimal time and money: - Open-Source the hardware description to a level where backers can assemble an equivalent platform by cobbling together parts from Seeed, SparkFun, Adafruit, Mouser, DigiKey and the like. - Provide enough hardware information to design a kit to add WigWag sensors to a RaspberryPi or BeagleBoard Black. No need for certification or expensive production, or even a case! A processor board running Linux, a USB WiFi dongle, and a cape/shield. - Open-Source the basic patches needed to integrate the other Open-Source projects composing the WigWag platform. - Provide ready-to-run local server and client stacks. Open-Sourcing these is the goal, but I'd temporarily accept source access with a short-term NDA (that would default to Open Source after a reasonable delay). - The software/firmware would be shared with NO SUPPORT, so the WigWag dore team can stay focused on shipping to backers. - Initially, don't bother the user with Contiki: Use Linux Everywhere, and let users worry about eventual back-porting to Contiki. Such steps would enable the Makers among the backers to get into the game, and start to leverage their WigWag KS investment. In return, they would provide independent information and feedback to the rest of the backers community. I think I may already have almost all the components on-hand to clone the functionality (but not power or packaging) of the WigWag hardware. What I lack is the ability to create, deploy, and test rules. What I want to create are links between the WigWag core and other hardware and network services. Giving us these capabilities will certainly remove much of the heat. More importantly, it will establish WigWag in "The Real World" with actual pre-alpha Maker users. Many hardware delays can be forgiven if it can be shown that the system will actually work when it finally ships! My strategy for implementing this would be to hire a veteran (perhaps semi-retired) EE/CS engineer to do it all. Their first task would be to establish and maintain the WigWag information exchange with Maker-backers, including a private repository, bug-tracker, wiki and forum. (Allura or Trac would be quick and easy). The second task would be to generate regular KS updates, and nag the rest of the WigWag crew to provide input. This person would be told to cover much of his/her own salary, perhaps by creating, building and selling cape/shield kits, and by arranging group purchases of components or finished boards. The position need not be full-time, at least not after things are up and running. I'd call this position the "WigWag Maker Community Liaison Engineer". How to fill this position without adding more overhead tasks to the overburdened WigWag team? Let the KS backers handle the basic filtering and HR stuff. I'll ask the other KS Backers: Are any of you ready, willing and able to take on such a position? And do so committing the utmost of your capabilities on behalf of your fellow backers? Let's say for a minimum 1-year commitment with a 90-day evaluation (temp-to-hire) period. The initial annual fixed compensation base would be $20K, paid monthly, without other benefits. Additional income would consist of profits from kits and group purchases, limited to a maximum of $50K (after recouping out-of-pocket development and production costs), above which revenues would flow to WigWag (with a possible base salary renegotiation). You would own any IP you develop, with an unlimited and perpetual non-exclusive license being given to WigWag. Does this sound useful to all parties concerned? Including not only WigWag, but the KS backers as a group, the Maker-backers among us, and most of all to the future "WigWag Community Liaison Engineer"? The delays I can cope with, not providing any updates whilst continuing to tweet (last tweet 22 hours ago) is really annoying me The slipped schedule itself isn't that much of a red flag: Hardware does this, especially when certifications are involved. Of greater concern are the non-technology efforts that may have cost time and money without delivering any results. I'm particularly thinking about the China WOFE. Such ventures seldom pay off until production reaches tens or hundreds of thousands of units annually, year after year, and not for the hundreds of a one-shot KS project. The more typical path is to start a WOFE with a proven product, then add evolutionary and incremental improvement using local (Chinese) resources, which frees up the primary design and development resources of the parent company. A company doing this without a finished product seems crazy to me. The only way it makes sense would be if WigWag already had an angel investor funding the WOFE, without impacting the KS funds. But it would still impact the manpower available to meet the KS commitments, so to me the WOFE still seems problematical. My hand-waving guess is that WOFE-related efforts have cost at least $100K (in fees, lawyers and travel), a huge chunk of the KS total funding that has provided exactly zero RoI (Return on Investment) so far, will likely never show any benefit to KS backers. I would very much like to see WigWag put a stick in the ground, finish ONE piece of hardware, and start shipping it to customers. This would be the pilot to get the production and shipping process started and debugged. I would suggest they ask for volunteers among the backers to participate. If it is absolutely necessary, WigWag could ask for a reasonable shipping surcharge to cover the split order costs. When I backed this, it was supposed to ship in November. I was hoping to have it by Christmas. The estimate is now summer. In the mean time many other similar products have started shipping. Wig Wag has lost it's appeal to me. We are in April and haven't had so much as an update in a month and a half. Having been in other kickstarter projects that went this route (equiso comes to mind), this project is clearly off the rails and I want a refund. I don't know how many of you have been in a similar hot-seat before, with nervous front-line customers and investors barking at you demanding verifiable signs of progress. When it first happened to me, I was in a software-only startup, where some all-nighters could pull together an updated demo. The second time involved hardware, and since you can rarely make vendors go faster and still maintain cost control, we kept trotting out the increasingly beat-up prototypes with updated firmware, which got old real fast. "Almost there" is a terrible place to be, an especially vile Purgatory, and it is a Good Thing that the WigWag folks aren't blowing that kind of smoke our way. From all indications, they haven't lied to us about anything at all, other than the update schedule. A remarkably smoke-free environment. But the air has gotten rather still and quiet lately. A little breeze would be most welcome! Maybe if I just said "please" give us an update.... Just something to stop us all feeling so nervous WigWag's team actions speak louder than words I have tried to sit back and be patient, but now I feel I must start to speak up. Updates were happening much more frequent in January and they were happening here on Kickstarter where your backers could clearly see the status of the project. Now things almost seem like Wigwag is aware of some major road block so updates are not occuring and posting on twitter is possibly to drum up more support (funds) just as the discount that was posted for My N4RD backers (is WigWag starting to run low on funds??) I think you owe it to all of your original backers to provide a new official update on your Gant chart for each device (sensors, relay, tags, etc) and not just a short reply in the comment section. You have had over a month since your last official up date when you were mentioning your award. I know there are major hurdles in your timeline and I am curious if you have met those such as FCC/CE testing since that is VERY expensive each time you submit the boards for testing, and having the molds made. Bottom line is I want to know after providing $758 to your project are you going to be able to provide the finished hardware to your backers. I understand the programming can take a VERY long time, but getting the hardware finalized should come first and then over the air or USB firmware updates can come as they are refined. That way backers can at least have a functional product (all the WigWag devices working together correctly with smart phone integration) and we can provide feed back as we find things and help you improve your product with the integration of marketed devices. I have had high hopes for this product, but that is starting to diminish as we are left in the dark. My 7 day old daughter has been in neonatal intensive care unit since birth last week and I want to be able to closely monitor the temperature of the rooms in our house to keep her comfortable when she does come home. My before sunrise hour commutes to work from the NICU on 4hrs of sleep are starting to get to me so please forgive me if this comment has been a bit blunt, but I just want to make sure you are still as committed to delivering this product as you were when you started. No backer update so I went looking at the WigWag Twitter and Facebook feeds. Why does there appear to be a ton of effort going into posting info about stuff going on in the world of technology and no effort going into keeping your backers updated. I don't need WigWag to show me this stuff, I can find it myself. I need WigWag to deliver as soon as is possible and keep me up to date with progress in the meantime! Plenty of tweets on twitter from @WigWagCo but no backer update ? In addition to the below, some sort of indicative timeline with milestones would be important - rather than us all trying to piece together information spread across various articles and updates. Surely you must have an indication on dates. (If you don't have this answer internally at wigwag HQ, I may as well kiss my pledge money goodbye) I think you will gain a lot more support and understanding if you keep the communication open and don't make false promises. I'm with David - I have been a massive fan from Day 1, but as time goes on I am also starting to loose faith - unfortunately this doesn't seem to be getting anywhere in a hurry. I'm very understanding and sorry to hear about your team members situation - but surely someone (Even Ed the CEO) could have put a few words together to keep everyone at ease... I was a huge fan but starting to lose faith / confidence as time passes without update or product...... If it was good news I am sure we would have heard something :( We are now approaching two months without an update in regard to timing. When will the next update be, and will it include some details on how timing is going? You have an investor base that has handed over nearly half a million dollars and there is no transparency whatsoever in your past updates until you approach a deadline that you have had to move. In the professional world, if someone has a personal emergency, then someone else steps in and covers for him/her. That way, the person is free to take care of those important matters and business responsibilities are taken care of as well. I don't think you understand how easy it would be to keep your investors satisfied by simple and clear communication. In fact, that makes things on this side that much more frustrating. This user's account has been deleted. It is disappointing and says a lot about the outfit if they cannot even provide updates when THEY said they will. Tell us why update is delayed and we will appreciate your keeping up your words. We are not being unreasonable here, we simply expect you to follow through when you say you will, I am very disappointed. Most recently on March 16th you guys said it will be day or two for update. Again, disappointing. It's been really long since last update now, missed monthly update and as per last message its more then a week, I hope everything is OK no more slipping of shipping schedule!!!!! LIFX API is now available for integration work. <url>"will have an update out in a day or two". I know that you've at least expressed that you have set the delivering of a good product as a priority, but the most solid thing that backers have so far is your inability to meet dates. What is going on? I think backers deserve clarity of status at a minimum. I'm wondering what the delivery schedule looks like, and if you possess the resources to meet that schedule. I'm a veteran of the "Dot Com" tech boom, and am a devoted student of the concept of "burn rate", where you allocate resources (time, personnel, money) to goals (product development followed by roll-out and support), and see if the financial, personnel and material resources are adequate to meet those goals. How much of the KS funding remains? Which products are ready for manufacture (hardware + software)? Do you have the resources lined up to meet your commitments to all 1694 backers? Was looking over the store and all the new packaging designs but haven't seen anything mentioning the 4x Relay Extension for the sensor block. Is the 4x relay extension still being made? I think it is the only item that I have not seen on the wigwag store for pre-order. I will also add my voice to the growing list of people asking for an update Looking forward to this update, sorry I missed your survey Greg. I just received notification my "garage border control" is shipping, was on kickstarter also. So I will have some smarthome control How's the update coming along? The last one was a month ago. Time for an update now I think!?!? Could we please have a status/project update and if the shipping is confirmed for June? Thank you. @Frederik, looks very similar to Neurio (on KS), except Smappee is available now, Neurio is still in development. Either way, the type of device/service should work very well with WW. Hey, have you heard of Smappee (<url>"When - Then" category as several users have give great descriptions of how they plan to use WigWag and how the rules for the scenarios might be constructed. Remember, this poll is only active for a week and the first 50 respondents. Nice survey saxnix. I didn't fill it out yet as I seem to be overwhelmed by all the product 'names'. Sure zigbee and other wireless protocols are obvious, but other than that. Each and every other product will have to be researched unless they have a common sense name like doorbot. Any chance a description of operations/features could be added to these product names. I'm sure most of use have already a concept of what we want WigWag to be doing, but finding the name of the product that accomplishes what we need is like wading through a river sometimes. Thanks @sax! I filled out the survey. For 1 week only, and Strictly for the first 50 people only. Complete the following survey to let WigWag know what devices you want focus on for interoperability. <url>"contact me" button on Kickstarter, so that they can choose whether or not to recognize the transfer of pledge and any or none of the benefits implied thereto. I will check for responses to my offer on this Comment thread. Thank-you. Sorry - and I have to ask, do you have the funding in place to deliver given the slippage ? Just don't do what ivee has done to those of us that backed that - ie if you are going to 'be late' then don't also ship to retail before backers and make sure the product works before you ship !! I'll repeat here what I commented in the update.... you should offer backers a carrot not a stick, ie. Well OK then, You should have a good handle on the manufacturing costs by now at these 1000% volumes over goal.I think it is time to ante up and offer up add-on's at the kickstarter price (ie. like the presence & sensor block, ...) or discounted for less. Heck, I can not remember what I pledged for now much less in June. ... I would go for a presence and sensor for say $60 I'm glad you guys are being up front about the extra 4 months delay. Just please don't pull what the Ivee Sleek team did to its backers. We saw their product show up on the store shelves months before they shipped anything out to the backers (at around the same price we paid in the campaign). But you guys seem really determined to make a good product at keep us in the loop. Thank you! Any news concerning the estimated delivery dates? Any news concerning the estimated delivery dates? @WW, how the weekly update coming along? :) Will WigWag support Nest since it has opened their APIs? If so, it would add temperature control as well as possibly the Nest's presence sensor. Wow! Big news in Home Automation, Google just bought Nest for $3.2B in cash! <url># 16), that would put delivery around 31 days from now. Do you still think this is feasible/realistic? Also, is it likely that delivery to Australia (due to certification) will be significantly delayed as it has been with several other KS electronic projects, or will you do concurrent testing? Sorry if this has been answered in previous comments or updates but I couldn't remember seeing anything about it. Time for an update? @WW, do you have a guesstimate on when the next weekly update will be out?? Last update I can find says "we anticipate shipping product as early as late January, but more likely mid February" Shipping date? Any chance of plugaway support ? <url>"HA" (Home Automation) compliant devices out there anyway: You can send/receive arbitrary messages by XBee. If you want to aim to be ZigBee HA (or other ZigBee subsets) compliant; look at the standards published here: <url>"Home Automation"-system with Zigbee (Mesh-network, Power-reading and to beable to confirm commands). But I have also noticed that zigbee devices are expensive as hell. For an example 433Mhz power plug is around 5$ in Sweden and a Similar Zigbee power plug costs around 120$!!. So I was thinking about building my own powerplugs/lightswitches using Xbee and relays. Is the Xbee standard compatable with WigWag? You're not alone, Terry. I'm sure the thought is to maximize funds on KS, but with the sacrifice of being in-genuine at best and dishonest at worst that doesn't make for a good start for a company. I would rather be optimistic and not throw that accusation at Wigwag, but it certainly is frustrating to see the initial delay and then a loose attitude toward the stating and meeting of deadlines thereafter. Sorry to be a tad off topic; but why, why, why are so many Projects launched with overly-optimistic "Estimated delivery dates"? Kickstarter has been around for years now ... surely Project Creators have a huge source of references which indicate how many risks they are likely to encounter when producing an new tech product from scratch, especially when their funding approaches TEN TIMES the original goal. WigWag's production+delivery time frame has now gone from 3 months (Sept, Oct, Nov), to quite likely double that (at least 2 to 3 more months). Frankly, I think we should triple the estimate. Kickstarter Projects end up creating new Companies. Companies cannot survive if they do not have exceptional customer service, and that means properly managing expectations -- Under Promise and Over Delivery. Yet every Kickstarter I've back (and WigWag is now on track for the same fate...) has Over Promised and Under Delivered (with both significant delivery delays, postponed or cancelled features, and quality control / bug issues when finally delivered). Since I've backed a few Projects, certainly I internally adjusted my expectations prior to considering contributions to WigWag... However, the Kickstarter community needs to advocate for novice backers (not just experienced ones). I apologize for the rant -- but, seriously, this situation is slowly eating away at the viability of crowdfunding; and, is actually pretty easy to manage: All "Estimated Delivery Dates" should be made as pessimisstic (not optimistic) as possible, in order to be fair to all potential backers ... i.e., backers should never feel mislead. They should never feel disappointed, but instead, should be overwhelmed and pleasantly surprised. That is the key to Customer Service and should be the key to successful ventures. That's not to say that aggressive estimates are impossible to fulfil: One of the Projects I backed on IndieGogo, for example, delivered a $100,000 Project in under 1.5 months ... a full week UNDER their published estimates. Entrepreneurs are far too optimistic. Guess that either makes them great, or makes funders gullible... @Louis, Update #16 said that it will be delayed 60-75 days. Is everything still on track for a November delivery? (4 days ago) "All: Weekly update will be coming tomorrow. " Where is the update?? Hey WigWag! Excited to hear the next update! I just finished a 6-week "death march" to finish a project. The time went by unbelievably fast. I can only imagine the WigWag crew is permanently in this state. A week on their clock may be 2 or 3 on ours. Would a Twitter feed be easier? Smaller posts from more of the team more often? Or maybe a nearby backer could drop by their office, interview whoever is there, and post it here? If so, be sure to bring a case of Monster. Weekly Update??? I **really** hope that someone reads this. You guys have the perfect companion technology to go with WigWag; it's called XOWi (a new kickstarter project). No, I have no stake in the company or any connection to it (but I do hope to back it soon). Just watch their video and it will be obvious how it fits in with WigWag. Thanks! <url>"milight" on App Store to control it. The advantage over the Hue and Lifx system is that you can buy cute $8 remotes instead of leaving a $200 iPod on you desk. Here is what I wanted to share with you; the Developer Opensource API page that I found : <url>~10ms by any of a number of possible methods. To gain the illusion of simultaneity when performing a single action across a diverse set of devices, the activation rule could instruct all/each node in the activation set to accomplish the desired action by a desired time. The time would be far enough in the future that all devices would be expected to be able to accomplish it on-time (assuming correct configuration). If one or more devices immediately know they will not be able to meet the deadline, they reply accordingly, allowing the action to be cancelled across all nodes (if desired). If a node finds it completed its action late, it would also generate a reply. All such replies may be used by all nodes to update their configuration information about these nodes. This creates a device network that not only tries to "do the right thing at the right time", but also updates itself based on the actual behavior of each device. Devices that drift in time can be flagged as problem nodes worthy of the user's attention. When a new device is added, test commands may be sent to "do something and reply when done", then use the replies to develop the time domain configuration, even if the device itself is unable to provide configuration information. If the device does have configuration information to share, the same commands would be used to verify it. Does Device.js have a device discovery protocol? Distributed configuration protocol? Synchronization protocol? Or is it limited to being a manually maintained device mapping database with an event distribution protocol? You could give a ton of individual answers, but I'd rather you not use your time for that. Just dump some useful code and let us struggle with it for a while. And maybe we'll contribute some useful patches before the WigWag Relays are finished. In the particular example above, I'm concerned about synchronously controlling lights from a variety of manufacturers, each with its own delays. Using the light sensor on a sensor block, I should be able to develop configuration information for a dumb device, such as an X10 lamp controller, whose Device.js node is a proxy on the system controlling the X10 devices. C'mon, dump. Any news on progress? The last update was on Oct 5th. Since today is Oct 26th, that means it has been 3 weeks since the last update. So whats new? if i get a zigbee dongle for my insteon ISY994 will i be able to send messages to it from WigWag with zigbee dongle? even a few channels of simple on offs would be fine. Hi WigWag, I am just renovating my living room which will include a full rewire. I am planning to put in X10 dimmers to control various lighting circuits and while I am buying them I am planning to purchase a serial to X10 converter ready to plug into by WigWag when it comes. My question is, do I need to purchase one with a good old RS232 serial connector on it or will I be able to plug in one of the more modern USB items? e.g. <url>"Backer Order Update system" will be ready 3-7 days. Did I missed it or we are still waiting for that? When you are further down the track with this, are you able to let us all know, as depending on how it needs to be reported for Australia, I may need to change my shipping address to a friend's in the USA and have him re-post it to me. @WigWag, I have been reading comments on other KS projects where people have been talking about the value recorded on the Customs Declarations forms. Apparently some projects have been recording the value as the retail value of the items, rather than the value actually backed by the backer. I don't know if this is something you have even discussed or considered at this stage, but do you have any plans regarding this? @Peter/Roger, They haven't sent it yet - just the one they did a day or so prior to the campaign ending. Haven't received a survey and it wasn't spam filtered - can you resend please Have you guys sent out the final survey / calc emails yet? If so, I didn't receive one, so what is the best way to communicate that info? If not, what is the estimated date they will go out? Thanks. do you know if WigWag will work with Piper (<url>"Light bulb blog post". I know you guys are very busy. No email as well odv@odv... @wigwag I did try to register at talk.wigwag.com with <email> but havent recieved Any confirmation email. Improvement suggestion: -login and register from mobile. Congrats on getting the Forum up. A little different in format to other forums I usually read, but it looks cool. I'm sorry, regarding my last question(s), is the answer as simple as buying a Wigwag Arduino Shield for each Arduino that I want to develop for my own controls? And, when I say simple, I don't mean it will be simple for me...dealing with a steep learning curve at the moment. I know this will be a good question for the Forum when it's up, but I'm too impatient for that to come out. As a precursor I'd say that I don't have any experience with Arduino, but am looking at delving into it. My question is, how would I be able to flexibly expand upon my wigwag system with more generic Arduino devices? How would the two "speak" to each other when wigwag uses DeviceJS and Arduino does not? I'm sure you can see how much of a novice I am, and that's why I deal with these basic questions. I'm just trying to get a foundation of understand so I can then delve into building some Arduino devices that will be able to integrate into my Wigwag system. Probably a stupid question (sorry!) that has already been answered before, but will I need the Zigbee USB dongle to be able to control Philips Hue with WigWag? @Keith, the block itself monitors temperature, etc. You'd have a pretty smart freezer if you put it in there, but I don't know if it'll handle the cold nicely for extended periods of time? You could probably leave the block somewhere else and run a probe plugged into the analog or digital port (like where the wired contact sensor plugs in), and that might require some calibration and maybe some custom code. As far as relays (different from analog/digital ports), yes for sprinklers, garage door 1, garage door 2. Maybe go for garage door light? ...or motorized valve(s) to control sprinkler zones? Just remember, the more sensors & ports you constantly use, the more juice you need and less battery life. Probably want to leave it on plug power for all of that. @William, I'm looking forward to DeviceJS too, I'll have to check out johnny-five alive on node! First I heard of that, thanks. @Norman, that looks really interesting. Having it combined with a 2nd generation of a smart watch and I think it would be something I would actually use. I'm sure you noticed that product: <url>"Energy" and "Normal." Each mode has't its own temp settings, so when I am away, my controller sends an "Energy mode" command, then when I return, it sends a "Normal mode" command. Quick and easy. Just sending another simple idea your way... It would be nice when you write in the different when/then options for thermostat control to also have a variety of options that include the proximity sensor (i.e. if proximity sensor is out of range for > 15 mins, then lower the heat setting by 5 degrees and increase the AC setting by 5 degrees). Thank you for the imput Greg, I did not know about Sonos, but from what I can gather about it it is a computer-independent sound system. What I am more looking for is a "WHEN presence tag "wife" is near, THEN change desktop image to weddingpicture" Could be used to lock files from children, dim the brightness of the screen (DDC/CI enabled monitors), start specific programs, or sleep/hibernate/poweroff the computer at specific times. Especially as there are several 3rd party voice recognition systems, and from what I could read about them, they do not have a computer interface for launching programs/scripts either. "start Call of Duty" would be a great example for voice control. (I know there is software already doing that, but they are computer-based and can not use timers, plant-humidity* or presence tags as the WigWag cloud can) Ed Hemphill indeed is right: a daemon (little program running in the background, few kilobytes) that listens for input (akin to AutoHotkey), listening to the WigWag cloud and reacting when it gets a message. But that is where my skills as software architect and lack of coding experience steps in. I have done simple IRC bots and complicated AutoHotkey scripts, so I know how to listen for strings and execute. What I do not know about is how the WigWag cloud can communicate and how to make a program that intercepts these. Taking into account that the software needs to authenticate itself (username & password). Hence a community project as I can not just do it myself. But I can help :) Forums are better for coordination though, and we should get those in a few days, then we should be able to make a gathering of people skilled in, and willing to help making a computer program/daemon for WigWag. All those words mean: it is indeed possible, also relatively simple in concept. The problem is that I know the structure to build (architect), but I lack the help of a civil engineer and construction workers to make the building work. (metaphorically speaking) When we have a piece of software that can listen and execute, it can execute -anything- either via .bat scripts, AutoHotkey, autoscript, you name it. The next step is making it easy and intuitive to use, just like the rest of the WigWag experience. But I wholeheartedly look forward to even that first step: Being able to execute scripts & programs based on a WigWag command. *Yes, you can make it so you can not start Call of Duty with the voice-command if you have forgotten to water your plants, "Dragon NaturallySpeaking" voice recognition software on the computer can not do that ;) @Lars, it could be a way to integrate with the Sonos computer interface if there isn't a more sophisticated way to do it initially?? Actually now that I say that, I don't know if there is a way to make different scripts in Sonos to play various sources in different zones. Anyone here ever done that or know if it is possible with Sonos? Looking forward to the next update from Wigwag to find out what they have been up to!?!? @Familia US users should use the U2413. We will also support the hub internationally, but support could be after the 'modem'devices (U2413). @Paul We looked at their campaign yesterday and will explore it. Range looks great.. @Lars Sounds like a great community project. The rule API is open, and a "Then"could be communication to a daemon running on a PC which would then execute a script or launch a program. We fully want to support this sort of thing - examples might be 'play iTunes' or 'sleep computer' Looking forward to the forum, I have already made a post for it :) It revolves around "imagine if the WigWag can start/run programs on your Computer" If not made by WigWag it is indeed something this community can make (based on AutoHotkey or autoscript) The post is just too big for these comments, so I will save it for the forum. I wonder why no one has made that connection before, at least searching for "PC" and "Computer" in these comments gave no result (yet "script" gave some, it was mostly on making complex rules, not executing things on the computer with When-Then rules). The presence tag, time of day, voice commands (3rd party) gives this so many possibilities for use on our computers. @WigWag Will you team up with FLUTTER WIRELESS(another KIckstarter campain)? @WW. You said WiWag should work with Insteon hub as well as the power modem. Which one will you be supporting 100% at ship date? I'm looking to start building my network in preperation for WW arrival but I want to make sure I get the right gear. Please advise. I saw you mentioning LimitlessLED earlier, but is'nt there any simialr product that uses wifi/zigbee/bt all the way? As I understand the led-bulbs is still controlled using RF only the connection between the hub and phone/wigwag uses wifi. That is exactly how my current old system is working and I am looking to get away from RF as there is no way to actually confirm that the "device" has been turned on/off. Only confirmation that the signal has been sent. I know that philips hue exists but it is insanly expensive if you want to exchange all the lightbulbs in your house. For those of you who are looking for a network-based power switch that should be WigWag-reachable, I'd like to point out this $129+s/h network-based power switch (it actually has 8 sockets): <url>"don’t expect that the PowerLinc modem will be available any time soon, as INSTEON are moving over towards the Hub" They then asked what application it was for, so I will link them here to check it out. Ahh I see, and thanks for the clarification @Jacob. The Australian reseller doesn't have the Powerlinc product listed on their website - I will contact them and see if there is one, or whether I could import one & it would work. Just wanted to point out the Insteon device differences. The Insteon Hub (Item# 2242-222) is a standalone controller that would control all your Insteon items. The Insteon PLM (PowerLinc Modem - Item# 2413U) is a unit that bridges a computer/device to the Insteon network via USB. The hub would be overkill, since the WigWag Relay will be the "brains" of the operation. The hub can act like a network PLM, but getting status updates, etc is more complex. Also, the PLM is a fair bit cheaper, as well as easier to integrate. I just checked out the insteon range - will wigwag need the insteon hub to talk to their products? I'm particularly interested in the thermostat which is a good price. This user's account has been deleted. Cool. Very keen for the Forum to start up. Excelent! Just what I needed to hear! Check out this zwave security camera <url>– Now on Indiegogo – Get your early bird while you can. <url>"WigWag 6loWPAN devices do not use WiFi at all. They use public key cryptography which enables them to authenticate with the Relay. Then they use AES encryption during data transfer." "...after you scan the code on the device, it's committed to your account. You could share the code to the world - but since it's already provisioned to your account, it won't allow others to gain control. " These quotes, and other answers that I am not repeating, show that WigWag are using the 6loWPAN protocol not WiFi and that once a sensor has been linked to your account and relay it cannot be linked to by someone else. Regards, Nigel @Nick, I don't understand the technical side so you will need to wait for a response from WW. @Greg. That's a great idea! I also very interested in that LED bulb update. @Greg re:security. Thanks for finding that, but the information posted on Aug 4 is regarding the WigWag cloud...I'm more concerned about the vulnerabilities of the devices themselves. Can some teen with time on their hands and a party on their minds open my garage door (having the garage door opener equipped with a wigwag sensor) and steal my beer? =) I have a request that sort of goes hand in hand with the compatibility chart/document that you plan to release. Is there any chance you could post some info/a list/an extended graphic (similar to the "When this..Then that" on the main page), that lists or depicts the various triggers (When), with all the variables you believe will be possible for that particular trigger? For example, the first item on the 'When this' graphic is Motion. What are the variables that can be used within motion? Sensitivity, Prolonged motion (if motion is detected over X period of time - seconds/minutes), etc. If you had this type of list, users could start to figure out just how specific/detailed they can get when creating rules. Could you also do the same for possible then "Then" actions again showing the variables of each action. I understand that this might be a complex task/list, but having such a resource available to Backers/buyers would be very helpful in showing exactly how we could automate our environments. This could then be an evolving document so that as new devices are tried and shown to work (either by you or end users), the document could be updated. I'm quite new to all of this. To clarify, is it true that X10 products can be controlled (i.e. switch or receptable) without any additional X10 hardware to bridge between wigwag and the X10 device? @Gary, Thanks for the information. Although I won't need more than 5m to do my pantry shelves, you gave me an idea how to do it if it does look like I won't have enough length with it. @Nick, WigWag posted a large comment here on Aug 4 regarding Security which might answer part of your question. Scroll to the bottom of the page and click on the Show older comments button. Keep doing that about 4 times and you will get back to the 4th. @WigWag Thanks for the update on the Developer Kit. I have 10 Arduino Uno's coming in from an IndieGoGo project so I'm going to be busy putting those to good use. Now I just need to design something that a. you don't already offer and have already done better, and b. something useful. b. is the harder of the two :-D Awesome guys, almost a 1/2 million. With all the different items I have sponsored on KS and IndieGoGo I have a whole years worth of stuff to integrate in with WigWag. I'll probably never get to control THE world :-) but with WigWag I can control MY world. Thanks!!!! On a different topic I was speaking with my Mom last night about some of the "recipes" that SmartThings has. One of them was a rather unobtrusive way of keeping tabs on an elderly parent that involved motion detectors or contact switches to monitor things such as; was the refrigerator opened today, did mom get out of bed and go downstairs, no movement or doors opening for 12 or 24 hours. All great ways to extrapolate that something may be amiss. My technophobe and very independent mom thought that was the coolest idea and I plan on implementing it with WigWag so I can get a get a notice if her routine is broken. Anyway, thanks for helping make something even my Mom thought was cool and useful :-D -mark Hey WigWag! Congrats on the outstanding kickstarter finish! Some questions: 1. What protocol do you use to communicate to your devices? Is it normal 11b wifi? What is the security model for the sensors? 2. What are the vulnerabilities of the sensors or enclosures (i.e. can they be accessed by unauthorized parties)? 3. Finally, can other hubs take advantage of WigWag sensors? Good luck on the next few months! I hope your constant involvement through kickstarter continues! @Greg Just fold the tape that way you don’t have any connections to worry about, the fewer connection the fewer problems. If you do buy right angle connectors or any of the other non-solder connectors available make sure you get it for the correct size, popular size are 8mm, 10mm and 12mm. I don’t know what size WigWag uses but I would guess 12mm. Also when installing use some clear silicone to put over the fold or solder joints to help hold in place. Using silicone instead of pealing the back off the tape is a good way to audition the tape before committing to make it permanent. If you have cabinets on both sides of the kitchen and want to run them off the same controller use 18 gauge 4 connector speaker wire to connect the two piece of LED ribbon. Don’t waste your money on 4 wire ribbon cable it is way too expensive and hard to deal with than the speaker wire. <url>’t stated what size power supply they will be sending with the ribbon but you can always use a second power supply down the line to inject the power. Another way is to use a Data Repeater RGB Signal Amplifier they are about 10 bucks and can be found on Amazon. Always make sure that the power supplies or amplifiers are the correct voltage. LED ribbon is pretty forgiving stuff you can under voltage it and it will be dim or not work but you don’t want to over voltage it. One last thing is that LED’s are made in batches and there are color variations between batches, so a second piece of LED ribbon may have a color variance from the first piece. @Greg sorry I got side tracked from your original question. If you’re looking for ribbon or parts try Bruce at <url>❤ to you WigWag team :) Thank you for quick and precise answers to the questions. I am glad to read the QR / NFC codes are akin to One Time Passwords, so they only bind to the first account activating them. When you get them in production and in physical shops you just need to be aware of some jerk scanning all the packages with an NFC device and adding them to his account. In other words: have a contingency plan for removing devices from an account. Also in the case of a re-sale (garage sale), where someone wishes to pass on the device. I look forward to experiment, I have been looking for a plant monitor(soil moisture sensor) for quite some time, so it is neat that you have that covered as well :) Can I control the iRobot roomba using Emotiv Insight + WigWag? Super excited to hear about the WigWag & Ubi announcement. Voice control of my home will be awesome! Can I suggest a white color option for the enclosure sensor? I'm guessing that would blend in better with the door and window trim most folks have than would the black and grey options. Hi, after a long read-up I have the following questions: 1) Are your cloud servers placed in USA or in Europe? Quote"Secondly, WigWag will not share information with others without your explicit permission." If they are in USA you can get forced to deliver the data without notifying the users. You mention that we will have client side encryption, so it should not matter that much, but still, to deliver the promise of not handing over data without notifying the user, I think you need to place them outside of USA as the law currently works. (for people interested look at the post from August 4 it has a lot of nice security details). 2a) Physical access = root/full device access? That is how I read it with QR & NFC pairing (and physical SSH access). Can you make it so you need an additional password on top of the QR/NFC? Else anyone going near the sensor (when you are showing it to others) can get to control it. 2b) Will physical access to a device, in the form of obtaining the QR or NFC code give people access to read or write to the cloud? (impersonating me / read/delete/modify existing roles) 2c) Or will they "just" be able to control my lights with their own account/rules without editing mine? An extension of this and the former encryption key mentioned: 2d) Will physical access to a device, in the form of obtaining the QR or NFC code give people access to the encryption key? Thank you for your project, and you insisting on "please write if you have any questions", I look forward to the answer and a debate on security :) -Lars Nielsen Do you plan on a NEXA (433mhz) dongle? I backed project at $189 roomkit level, but was NOT given choice of 2 sensors or 1 sensorr/light at checkout as level description says. I prefer 2 sensors so I can test. Product seems awesome. Thanks wigwag, yes I thought I read a post that mentioned only the 5m glowline controller was waterproof Any chance of seeing the interop table/list before the campaign closes? Would help to decide what else I need - eg dongles to interact with other systems. Also, with LimitlessLED, I assume I'd still need their hub for WigWag to talk to the globes? @WigWag. How would adding Z-wave devices to the relay work. Will the relay automatically discover them once de dongle is connected? I'm a bit confused. Thank you <url>"WigWag can work with a lot of other devices as well. And in many cases, WigWag will auto-detect devices you may already own, such as Phillips Hue™ light bulbs and Belkin WeMo™ outlets." also one of the diagram shows built in support, only a WigWag sensor block required in order to control Hue lights. So from what I see no dongle required I just got a Hue starter pack and cannot wait to use the WigWag devices especially the Presence tag with my new lights! Can somebody explain me how to set up a trip wire, I believe only Sensor block can be used to do that but I am not sure how. @Chad, Thanks! Hi. I have Philips HUE lightings in my house and i buy WigWag system. I must buy Zigbee dongle or no need to use HUE system with WigWag, please ? Thanks. Regards. @Chad - thanks for the info! I really like the prospect of the Aeon Smart Film and think there are a lot of cool possibilities linking that into WigWag. @Ali - Yes; as I understand it, the subscriptions are per account, rather than per device. So as long as your second relay is connected to the same account (i.e. your free KS backer account), it will remain free. There's an official response from @WigWag below, but it's getting harder to dig through these as they grow (guess it's a good sign that we have such an involved community already!) Could you be more specific on the Z-Wave donge ? It looks like there is a lot a different frequencies used : <url>#q21 I'm in France, wich is not on the same frequency as AU or US Z-Wave... No dongle for me ? @anyone If I got a second relay will it also be subscription free etc ? @Chad. I for one will need your help. Thank you! Thanks for the responses. I like your simple explanation of the PIR coverage (which I shall hence forth refer to as the "Ravenous Bugblatter Beast of Traal" principle), whereby if you can't see it, it can't see you. Sounds like it'll do what I need it to. One query I don't think I've seen covered, is what can you actually do using the Bluetooth module? Maybe its a dumb question but I'm not aware of much HA stuff using BT, and whilst I can imagine there must be cool use cases for controlling more mundane equipment, I can't think of them. Do any other backers have great things in mind for the BT module? Thanks Chad. I will contact you via the bio email. Regarding the forum idea, I am pretty sure WigWag plan to have one, just not sure when they plan to have it up and running. Might be an idea to wait for them to respond as to timing to see if it is worth you setting one up?? I am sure they will be busy over the next 2 days, and then I guess the real work begins. Bring on the life The Jestons and Back to the Future II promised me :) @WigWag. Thank you for your answers, you have just increased the cost of my add-ons! :-) @WigWag I don't want to hi-jack the project in any way but at the same time want to share my knowledge of home automation with the community. As you'll see below I've posted contact info via my profile so people (including you guys if interested) can contact me. Maybe the right place would be to start a quick forum, but either way the right place isn't here. You guys are making awesome stuff which I'm looking forward to and don't want to get to far off track. @Greg @Di Vito @Patrick and others: yes, some things can be had on Amazon but others not. I can definitely vouch for the Aeon gear, not just because I'm a re-seller but I actually became a re-seller as I faced many of the same issues mentioned in this thread (hard to find, sometimes there aren't clear instructions, etc.) but that aside the gear is simply awesome and I wanted to make sure more people could get their hands on it. The only Zigbee/Z-wave modules that come close are those made directly by SmartThings and there are I think 3 total. Most Aeon products have that "Apple" sort of feel in that they are aesthetically pleasing yet still just "work". If interested in buying off of Amazon be sure you get he right modules, things like the micro switch/dimmers (in-wall) have a v1 and v2. The v2 is relatively new but absolutely what you want. For those interested I updated my profile with a link to my temporary website (it's not activated yet as it's not complete so excuse some of the mess) but it does contain some background on myself, the primary services offered by my business, etc. but more importantly my e-mail (at the bottom of the main page, info@ will go straight to me). The company was formed to offer turn-key hosted VoIP solutions to those in my area, but home automation is a hobby and something that will get incorporated in. While I don't have an online storefront today, I soon will but am willing to help you find and will sell you any Aeon productions you desire (directly, private eBay auction, Amazon, etc. whatever you are comfortable with). Just shoot me an e-mail and I'm more than happy to chat about the solution and help in any way I can. Like I mentioned above, if there are more than a couple of requests I may start up a quick forum so we can all chat about various home automation tools, post how-to docs, etc... anyone on here is more than welcome to contact me, I just don't want to hijack the comments at all as home automation in general is outside of the scope of WigWag directly (I think, correct me if I'm wrong) and want to respect the project as well. Looking forward to hearing from you guys and can't wait for my WigWag stuff to show up! love it @Nigel the led strip is designed for outdoor use but the controller needs to be kept under cover (that from wigwag) Will These sensors be able to use battery life/condition in rules? Can the relay detect that a device dropped of the network (Battery died) and use it in a rule? Congrats on the $350k mark. @WigWag A numbet of questions about the Glowline: a. I realise that outdoor LED strips are available as an add-on, but is the Glowline Controller itself suitable for outdoor use? b. Can it cope with rain and low temperatures? c. What is the length of cable between the Glowline Controller and the LED strip? d. Can this distance be increased? e. There appears to be a plug connection, if so does it use a standard connector? @Guzman, You should only need the one Z-wave dongle as it will make a mesh network between your various other Z-wave devices. If the signal is not strong enough to connect directly to the Relay/dongle, it will pass the signal from device to device as need, until it gets back to the Relay. @Chad, definitely interested in talking more about them. As per Di Vito I don't know how to contact you via kickstarter?? I am planning on getting a second relay to extend my WigWag range. One would be located upstairs and the second one in the 1st floor. I would only need one zwave dongle right? Or would I need one for each relay? @Di Vito, you can find Aeon Labs' Aeotec gear on Amazon for sale as an option if @Chad can't provide them. I don't own any, but they definitely have some interesting devices. @Chad, WigWag has dongle add-ons, one of which supports Z-Wave (you have to specify which band US/Aus at the end of the campaign). The dongles (Z-Wave, ZigBee, Bluetooth) use a USB port on the WW Relay, search for "3rd Party Device" on their main KS page. I think they're $50, and WW said to look for their next update where they will confirm all the add-ons. I saw Aeotec while I was exploring the interwebs for z-wave devices. Definitely interested in some of their devices, but I didn't see any easy to find "buy it here" links on their site. They seem to be the better looking devices out there, and I definately like their micro controller. I want to be considerate, and was wondering if maybe you'd update your profile with a link to your storefront? Or if KS etiquette dictates it's ok to post here? ...maybe with @WigWag's ok? I don't know of any way to direct/private message backer to backer. @WigWag. Can you update on How is the Limitless led bulb integration with Wigwag coming along? @Greg: Thanks for the info. Also regarding your next post (Z-wave related) above, those modules are made by Aeon labs (I re-sell their equipment here in the US) and have the gen 2 modules for sale here. The gen 2 switches and dimmers work great, even with LED lights assuming they use the leading edge to dim (more info here): <url>"discoverable" pairing is kind of what it sounded like when I was talking to vivint. Then when I was looking further into controllers/devices, "code" seemed to be used loosely with "pairing". Looks like you helped convince me to pull the trigger on the dongle, lol. C’mon $350k! @Di Vito, I probably confused things at the end, sorry... like Bluetooth, but without having to enter a passcode! @Di Vito - I have Z Wave outlets I use with SmartThings, and they are paired by putting the controller into search mode, then press a button (of some sort) on the Z Wave device, and the controller then (hopefully) finds the device and pairs with it. It also knows what kind of device it is automatically when paired. I have encountered some challenges in that process as the devices don't get fully paired but fall into a sort of middle state of pairing, at which point I've needed to use some Z Wave utilities to unpair and then pair again, which has worked. That said, I am using Z Wave devices that were not listed as fully supported by SmartThings, so that could very likely be the issue. Nonetheless, it isn't a code you enter but more like Bluetooth in that the controller and the device have to be in a type of "discover" mode. Someone please correct me if I'm wrong... I haven't physically got my hands on anything z-wave yet. My understanding is that to add a device to the z-wave mesh network you enter a pairing code on the controller, correct? I'm on the fence about the z-wave dongle, doing more research. @Simon, the E27 and B22 are moving along, but they sent out an email to those who ordered saying that the GU10 bulbs would not ship until Q1 2014. They decided to not put them forward for Certification testing until the others are done. @wigwag I hope that the Glowline will do more than just change and dimm colors. I means, it will be cool that the Glowline can have internal "modes" that can be trigged with IF/THEN like rainbow with user variable speed, strobe, alternate betwen two (or tree) colors... All these modes must be executed internally to the Glowline because if you decide to flash alternately green and red at 1 second interval all the night (Christmas decoration) it will be overkill to sent all on/off over wifi at each second! I was thinking that it may be a good feature that we can create and send our custom modes from the app to a reserved memory in the Glowline like "Custom 1", "2" , "3"... btw I'm happy to finally break the $340,000 and help the project with my pledge. @Greg, potentally mate... I know LIFX have had a few delays in the start, but there well on there way now so I'm sure you wont have any trouble getting them by Q1 '14. Fingers crossed buddy. @wigwag sorry for confusion I was referring to the new enclosure sensor. And the fact that the two halfs could be used separate. The half with 6 axis sensor, can that be used independent of the small magnet section? @Simon, No not going with Hue, have backed LIFX - unfortunately most of my bulbs (GU10) will not be shipping until Q1 2014. May be I will have my WigWag set up first?? @Greg, Im really sorry mate - i just purchased another 4 Hue bulbs and new fittings yesterday! Otherwise I would have been keen for sure. Are you using Hue by any chance? If so, check this out: <url>"side-on" into the room? The sensor blocks are great for the amount they can do but are still pretty chunky to have sat around indoors - if I can mount them under things and still get good movement sensing coverage, I'm sold... 3. If I wanted actions driven by sunrise/sunset times, will that be possible, or can I only use fixed times and/or light levels? 4. Will it be possible to set a variable as a "then" action, with that variable then driving other actions? This wouldn't be essential, but would likely make it simpler to manage the relationship between the various things that may drive a specific state (such as people being in bed) and the various actions you may want this to drive. OK. I've upped my pledge by $130 to add the 3-piece Dev kit add-on version. @Grant, @Simon, and any other Aussies. I have been looking into the Z-wave switch controllers that Grant posted about (<url>"days to go" on the right) and you can update your pledge amount. You add to this amount how ever much money is needed to cover the other items you want to get. Just remember that you can only get a maximum of 10 of the same items. So your final pledge amount may be for 2 Relays, 10 Sensor blocks, 6 Glowlines, 5 Presence Tags, 2 Wired Contact Sensors, and 6 Enclosure Sensors, and the would be ok. In the next day (probably?), WigWag will have a calculator available to help everyone easily work out final pledge amounts based on what items are wanted.. "I don't know if it was Havard or someone else's idea, but that was a good one that we hadn't considered!" it was actually my idea a few days back but I'm very happy to see others suggest the same thing so you get more incentive to add it! There was three parts mentioned back then in most likely increasing difficulty A) The blaster would send out a valid IR code that a universal remote could learn. B) The receiver would learn IR codes from any remote so they can be used in "when" actions. C) Do as B but also allow the blaster to send out the same code it learned. So it could work in both "when" and "then" actions. To control your normal HIFI gear. The reason for this is that I didn't see any other good way to trigger actions if you for example don't want to use your phone. Some phones are slow to connect to the network and/or are battery hogs. The best way in this case is if you can use any normal IR remote to control anything. Yes, you need to be by the sensor receiver but if you have one in the living room you might have all you need because you probably have a remote control in your hand already. Great project guys! I work for a high profile client with specific needs. Let's call him Tony HotDog. Anyway, he would like to setup a rule where if a certain person(let's call her Puma Adebin) opens the front door or door of his campaign err I mean private bus the WigWag software deletes his text messages, twitter DMs, browsing history and cell phone pics off all phones and laptops immediately. Also, about a year ago somebody "hacked" his twitter so security is of the utmost concern. I see a lot of comments about additions to orders at checkout, but similar to below I got the "EARLY BIRD LIGHTING KIT". I'd like to add on quite a few things like 3-4 sensor blocks and probably 2-3 more glow lines. Is this roughly how the final KS checkout process will be or do I need to "back" multiple times? I'd prefer backing once to keep your paperwork and shipping down of course but want to make sure I understand how the checkout process will go post-KS as I have not seen something like this on any other projects I've backed. Thanks! @WigWag: Can a rule have a time constraint? For example: When “motion sensed” (between hours of 6 pm to 10 pm) “then” brighten lights. *recalculate Will there be a final update or do I have to my pledge NOW? I got the EARLY BIRD LIGHTING KIT but i want to add a sensor block. I just need to add 50$ to my actual pledge ? Thank you :) Woah grant we've backed 3 of the same things haha Can the wireless sensor be used as a standalone setup or does it need the first part/half (hope that was clear as mud) to trigger a rule. Eg can it be used as a simple orientation sensor on a garage door. Or in your mailbox? @familia I responded to your question in update 12 comments @WigWag I have now upped my pledge to the Home-Kit and will be adding some extras. I have identified some extra questions which I don't think have already been answered, if they have apologies for the duplication. Two questions about the motion detectors on the Sensor and Glowline: a. What is the angular coverage of the detector, is it fully hemispherical? b. What is the range of the detector against a typical human? In relation to the Presence Tag' vicinity capability, will it be able to indicate vicinity to a Glowline controller or only to a Sensor block? As a follow-up to Harvard's question about reading IR remote controls, will you be able to initiate a rule based upon a received IR code? Bob that was amazing! Haha Second Question: I notice in comment stream that Relay "dongles" are $50 reward increment each (ZigBee, Z-Wave, and Bluetooth). (a) Is there an official delivery ETA on these? (b) Must they be ordered during the campaign, or will there be a post-campaign order option? Thank-you. Here's Johnny... Ha ha. :) Very cool Bob. Is there an incremental pledge amount (or post-campaign order page?) to add Developer Kit items to our Reward Package? Since I have a package that already includes a Relay and Block, I would just like to add one or both shields (price of each) and/or experiment boards...? Frankly, post-campaign order site is fine for these, if these have a realistic ETA. I think it is wise to avoid excess KS fees. Thank-you. A WigWag Nightmare Scenario: I decide to watch 'The Shining', and when I press Play my WigWag Home Theater interface generates an event that triggers a rule to cause the lights to be dimmed. While watching the movie, my Garmin heart-rate monitor is streaming data to the Ant dongle plugged into my WigWag system. When, at one point in the movie my heart rate passes 160 bpm, a WigWag event is generated that causes the doors to repeatedly lock and unlock, and the lights to strobe on and off. The combination of Jack Nicholson and the local effects causes my heart to stop. My WigWag system detects this, pauses the movie, then dials 911. Anyone want this rule set? You describe that the sensor blocks have a IR trip wire. Does this mean that there is a IR receiver capable of reading the signals from remote controls? (Not just send signals with the IR blaster) This would be interesting in a scenario where I use my remote to turn on the TV, while at the same time dim the lights in the room. Hi @WigWag, I'm currently pledging at the MULTI-ROOM KIT level and finally might even add additional sensor blocks, enclosure sensors, and some presence tags. I'm backing from Germany and I'm also afraid of problems with the German customs office. Could you openly share any topics/results/ideas from the discussion/conversation that you had with Zingo (see question from June 24)? I saw this question back then and expected that you would post an official update about this. May I ask how many pledges you received from within Europe? Would this already justify a larger combined shipment to a 'partner' within the EU so that individual backers are handled from here? Thanks. @rohan pretty sure <url>"There will never be a cloud subscription cost for product rewards received by backers through this campaign." but I noticed that you mentioned relays bought after the campaign will be subject to a cost. Does this mean that the subscription cost is tied only to the relays and not to individual sensors/devices? With the appropriate dongle, will this work with SmartThings devices? Does the relay support USB hubs in order to have more than two dongles (e.g. ZigBee, Z-Wave, and BLE)? Would it be possible to control others hubs (e.g. SmartThings hub) through DeviceJS? Can wigwag use with webcam as ip camera? @scott, Use "show older comments" and search for glowline and you'll find many questions answered from Wigwag. There's one from Heinz about the glowline that looks like your same question: "2. Are you also offering only the controller without the LED strip?" with the answer from Wigwag: "@Heinz 2) We are not... Our cost is structured to include both. However, you could just get the basic 2.5m strip package. (no upgrades)" They're also publishing the wiring output of the Glowline controller. @wigwag I am very excited about your product. I have a question about the glowline, Do you have any plans to sell only the sensor part of the glowline so if I cut my glowline to fit a specific application I can use the remaining lights by attaching it to another sensor that I can purchase separately? Thanks for your help and sorry if this has been addressed before, but I didn't see anything. @WigWag Thanks for the responses. You are being very diligent body on kickstarter. One of the best I have seen. Hi, do you plan KNX support. In Europe KNX is the standard for home and building control. There is also open source support with (eibd, linknx, smartvisu … ) ? Hi Lombard. There will be a survey sent out after funding has closed where you will let them know how many sensors you want, and how many glow lines. If you are after additional/other things, add their cost in the Manage Your Pledge link on the right hand side of this page, and when the survey comes out you will have the opportunity to record what the extra money is for. Hope this helps. Hi, I just buy the house kit (10). You say at checkout we can choose the type and number of sensors. But i can ´t find this ?! When you buy this you can choice for exemple 7 sensors and 3 glowline ? Hello from France, sorry for my bad english @simon also the USA haha @Greg, a fourm would be a great idea - the possibilities are truely endless. Isnt it crazy, I think there would be so much intrest in this idea if it became more wider known in the mainstreem market. I think everyone, young / old / tech savy or not, gets a kick out of automation. Lets hope WigWag becomes a household brand in Aus sometime soon. ha ha. I know the feeling. I am really keen for when the funding is complete and a forum is set up so that we can all share our ideas on what we hope to do with automation, as I am sure there are plenty of smarter people out there who have a much greater imagination of what can actually be achieved. Not to mention the fact that down here in OZ I haven't actually seen a house with automation in it. Really can't wait to hear other people's ideas. @Greg. Thats a great idea mate. I need to stay away from these forums - with all these idea's i'm slowly going broke with switches and sensor blocks!! @Grant, thanks for the link. I could use one of these on the bathroom fan so once the humidity of the shower is registered in the Sensor Block, it could turn the fan on/off automatically. @Grant, thanks mate - thats definaley an eye opener for me. The switches look pretty cool too! Hopefully somthing just right comes out soon. @simon I'm also in AUS I found these switch controllers (zwave) which are supported via a dongle from wigwag <url>"You can control any piece of equipment that has a built-in Z-Wave or Zigbee device." And found some spec sheets, one says they use Z-Wave Version 4.52 @ 908.42 Mhz. Outlet Spec Sheet: <url>"discoverable" and you should be able to interact with them "without any issues as long as you are using Z-Wave". I'm not that familiar with Zigbee or Z-Wave, so I'm not sure how friendly the protocols are. Might be worth you guys ordering a T-Stat from them to play with, if you guys can confirm the compatibility; Z-Wave dongles, T-Stats, and more would be flying off the shelves. Sound like a win win, maybe reach out to them and see how friendly they are? Hope that helps! last one for today: I already have some LED bulbs from limitless LED (a remote and bridge as well). A couple of days/weeks ago there was a commend, that those bulbs will be supported. My question is now if the bulbs will be controlled directly or by means of that wifi bridge? Thank you all for the answers regarding the glow line! One further question concerning the enclosure sensor: Have you already fixed the dimensions of this device? There is not much space between windows and wall at my place, therefore knowing the dimensions would allow to make a decision to pledge for them or not... By the way, were those special tricks already revealed announced in update number 10? Update? @Django: From what I've been reading here, devices that use IP over your home network, and devices that use a serial port, *can* work with WigWag without additional hardware, needing only software support from WigWag . All other systems (those using proprietary protocols and/or using different frequencies) need to have either a network gateway device or a USB dongle, PLUS software support from WigWag. WigWag has announced an extensive, though limited, list of devices that will be supported by the time backers get their gear, with more being added prior to the full WigWag commercial roll-out. Since the WigWag platform is Open Source, it will also be possible for WigWag owners who are software developers to provide support for additional devices and systems before WigWag gets to them. As for Insteon specifically, WigWag committed to Insteon support in a comment reply posted on August 1st. Just go to the bottom of the comment page, keep pressing the "More Comments" button until it stops reappearing, and search for Insteon (or whatever other systems you may be interested in). Also be sure to search the Updates: Insteon support is also mentioned there. Okay, now I'm confused. Will the relay natively detect an Insteon dimmer and other Insteon devices? Or do we need an Insteon gateway (such as the $129 Hub) to go with it? I may be asking to many questions... Sorry... But would it work with vivint automation and security? @heinz you could solder the strip onto controler and extend it aswell As per Di Vito cost of relay? Tyler I believe the USB ports are so you can plug in zwave, zigbee etc usb dongles @wigwag What are the USB ports on the relay for? More space? That would work just fine then if the thing can sense that. I would like that feature also. @Tyler Of course the relay would be on UPS so does my router, camera and modem. This thing is also a security device, it would be a mistake to not use an ups for those... If i'm in the house at that time i'd love to have the device puting on some lights (not need to be super powerfull, the eyes only need very little lights). The whole point is because i would have Sensor in every rooms already, and i don't plan to have a dedicated power line for lights on batteries. @Aymerick That is a good idea however if the power goes out, so does the relay and most likely the router and modem, it would not know what to do. I guess you could have the relay plugged into a ups but what would you power the ELIGHTS with? Just a thought. Also the leds would not be required because it can just talk to the relay and therefore notify your phone. Maybe the relay has backup power addon coming up? Another idead : be able to tell if the WigWag Sensor is powered by AA batteries or the USB power adaptor. Include a couple of leds on the side of each Sensor. That way we can detect when the power is out, and have some emergency lights on. Another idead : be able to tell if the WigWag Relay is powered by AA batteries or the USB power adaptor. Include a couple of leds on the side of each Relay. That way we can detect when the power is out, and have some emergency lights on. @WigWag @Scott, Also to add to the add-on list; how much for another Relay to increase range and use across multiple locations? Thanks! One question concerning the glow line: I have already installed a RGB-LED glow line in my kitchen; several short pieces, took my nearly one day. The LED strip itself has four contacts: R,G,B and +12V. 1. Do you think it would be possible to just change the LED strip controller? 2. Are you also offering only the controller without the LED strip? @Andrew, Sorry, I was being general, some specific examples: pool pump, garage door opener motor, sprinkler system, motorized valves on pool/sprinkler system (open/close pipes that control zones). I'm sure others can rattle off some more... Anyone know how much to add for an additional relay? Same as sensor block/glowline? I'm toying with the idea of taking some sensors to the office too. Thanks! @Andrew, The 4x relay extension doesn't control wall outlets directly, it allows you to control more than one relay. Relays are like "switch switches". You toggle the relay and the relay toggles the device. You can think of relays as allowing high power devices to be controlled by low power ones. Switching on a 220v 60amp pump would fry the wigwag block if was directly connected to so much power. Thus, a relay is used. Think of industrial type devices you would find in your garage as having/needing relays; like pumps and motors. You would also have to run wires to each relay you want to control from the WigWag block. The 4x extension allows you to expand to 4 ports instead of just the 1 that is on the WigWag block. Check through the updates for an easy outlet solution with Ube (myube.co) and Belkin devices. Hope that helps! Love what I see so far. I would love to see WigWag have the ability to detect if a WIFI device such as a cell phone is on the network. It would be similar to the proximity sensor and detect when a child comes home with phone in hand or turn lights down when the family phones all leave the network. I would also think adding a proximity sensor to my car could allow WigWag to detect when I leave the house and leave my phone behind on the network and immediately start flashing my porch light or something. You guys are great. Thanks! Can you give me a better example of how you would use the 4x relay add-on? Will this allow control of 4 outlets? @Wigwag What will the cloud service cost for non kick starter relays and the estimated cost for production models? The following is a re-post from an earlier date in the comment section regarding an add-on list. Also, be aware of KS rules: No more than 10 of a single item. @WigWag, please confirm the following information is correct in order to avoid any confusion. Thanks! $50 Additional Sensor Block $50 Additional Glowline $30 PresenceTag $30 4x Relay Extension Add-On $15 Moisture Sensor Add-On $10 Contact Sensor Add-On Wow, there are so many clever people on here, so much support. Can't wait to see the possibilitys wigwag can achieve !! @WigWag, Sorry for the confusion, "bridge" is what phillips hue refers to as their equivelent of your relay. You ended up answering my question with your response to Kelly's question. Also, thanks for the reminder about good ol’ IP protocols. I admit to getting lost in the wireless wonderland! @Kelly, Thanks for reading my mind and getting a better version of the question out for an answer. Can’t wait to start dropping all the extra 3rd party relays/bridges once we get our hands on DeviceJS and some 3rd party APIs. A calculator is good! Precision sensors would be good too! I can not wait ... @wigwag sorry for the confusion I have looked but not found any complete pricelist for all the addons. There are some listed way down but I would appreciate if there was a section with prices for all devices and upgrades that are avalible. I noticed that you also specified prices for glowline upgrade and extra sensor-blocks somewhere, but I cant find them now. Also I wonder if Wimoto (<url>"ZWave Compatible", or some other protocol, doesn't necessarily mean they support the full specification; or give you access to all the functions without some other proprietary software. It would be nice to know things that are known to be working, and to what extent. Maybe this is something you can put up on the subscription service, and end users can contribute to the database? Peace, Kelly Shutt Perfect ! Add-ons/Modules idea : - 433 Mhz, perfect to control CHEAP wall plugs (chacon DI-O for example) - RFID tags - Local light sensor, to put on leds of devices (to know when the washmachine ends...) - Siren (110 db not a tiny buzzer) @WigWag It's not about getting on the wireless protocols, it's more about making sure your product is open in both way (from the outside, to the outside). I've seen so much product who could do things but won't only for commercial reasons. I didn't see that info somewhere, can the WigWag System be controled (WHEN) by HTTP request (without the cloud) ? Can it control(THEN) other systems trough HTTP requests ? (that i think yes : REST call ?) Sensor block is said to have a contact switch, it's independant to the wired contact sensor add-on, right ? A while ago I backed the RFDuino project (<url>"bridge" be required in order to communicate properly with wigwag (couldn't spot the bridge in the vid)? 2)It seems that the need of a 3rd party's "bridge" will vary depending on 3rd party device, any tables available for what has been tested/works with/without bridges (ex: lifx doesn't use a bridge)? I'm guessing less need for "bridges" with more software updates after release? 3)Does the glowline also support batteries and wall outlet, like the sensor block? Sorry if this has all been asked before, it wasn’t really clear to me in the “Other Devices” section. Maybe add some of these to the FAQ section? Thanks; and great work! Any chance the electrical schematics are getting released in the near future? Congratulations! A big milestone reached! Looking forward to the next update Just wanted to say thanks so much for doing this. It takes a lot of guts to create something new and put it out there for the whole world to see. $300K! Congrats! Wow!! $300,000. Congrats What is the logic voltage of the wigwag and the shields) @james if(sound==true){ Blue=on} Else{ Blue=off} This user's account has been deleted. @ Grant - thanks, will wait for campaign to end, Wigwag will ship with support for different plugs and power adapters, correct? I live in the UK and want to make sure I get the right plug adapter. Excited to back WigWag...had a poor experience with SmartThings, so have high(er) hopes for this! I'm already heavily invested with Ube, do you have any plans for Ubi, the Gogi smartlock and/or Canary (home security)? I really think the company that nails wide-spread integration of 'connected things' will be the winner. @WigWag Please include a wifi enabled door lock as a new WigWag device for 300K stretch goal add-on. That would be freaking awesome and boost the pledges to new records. Keeping my fingers crossed :) Can a glowline participate in Presence Tag localization? Naeem, the option is via survey at end of campaign Hmmm. No separate RasPi shield shouldn't be much of a problem, since I should be able to create events on the RasPi and send the to the Relay, right? But I will need a Block for the TV area, since I also want to implement events in the reverse direction, for example to pause a movie when I leave the room. The RasPi can fully participate in WigWag rules as both a sensor and a target, even without a 6loWPAN interface, right? Is it me or option for early bird's to pick and choose relay/mix and match was not available during pledge, did I miss it or we need to make selection when it is ready for shipment. example: EARLY BIRD ROOM KIT (PICK 2) • 1 Relay + mix and match two: Sensor Block(s) or Glowline(s). Choose 2 Sensor Blocks to try out "Sensor Fusion", cover a larger area, or the "IR Trip Wire" between two blocks. Chose Glowlines to outfit an entire room with LED lighting. Chose one of each to start building dynamic environments. (Each Glowline comes with 2.5 meters of color LED strip lighting, upgradeable to 5M at the end of the campaign.) I know it hasn't been finalised yet, but potentially what do you imagine the dimensions of the remote door sensors. As I want to use them on my sliding doors You gotta be kidding me!!! <url>#11 does not say. I expect that adding a glowline is the same? Ahhh yep I see, thanks! @Wigwag, I figured that the RasPi would be able to host the server, but having it on the Relay would be amazing. On a related note, I did some counting. Of the all the wireless networks I 100% pick up in my dorm, channels 2, 4, 5, 8, and 10 each have 1 network associated with them, channel 7 has 2, channel 9 has 3, channel 3 has 4, channel 1 has 6, channel 11 has 24 and channel 6 has 28. Ouch. @Bob Have you checked your neighbor's channel usage? Often times, it's usually only around 1, 6, and 11 that get the heaviest use with a little flowing onto the neighboring channels, often leaving 3, 4 and 9 relatively empty. If you're having connection issues, a different channel might serve to help out a bit. @ Wigwag, in order to remove the "cloud" from the equation, wouldn't we just have to install the cloud software on a server on the local network and then update the Relay to send requests onto the local network rather than over the interwebs? Can I add a RasPi shield without getting the whole Dev Kit? I'm already adding a RasPi to my media center, and it seems a no-brainer to let it also serve as a Relay. Not to mention the power of integrating the two systems, such as having the lights automatically dim when a movie starts and brighten when it ends. In planning my initial configuration I need to account for "Netflix Time", that time of the evening when my neighbors all saturate their 2.4 GHz networks while streaming their episodes. It's like "Bullet Time", only it's your own packets that can't hit you. Rather than get another Relay, I'm thinking more Blocks would be wiser, and let 6loWPAN do its thing over the shorter range. This raises some questions: 1. When my local 2.4 GHz band opens back up, will the Blocks automatically reconfigure to optimize communication with the Relay? (I'm assuming the Relay's transmitter is stronger than the Block's: Is that right?) 2. How far does it make sense to string out Blocks (how many hand-offs)? At what point would it be wiser to get a second Relay? 3. How much extra latency is added by Blocks passing data, compared to communicating directly with a Relay? (I only really care if it'll be enough to notice during normal rule activation.) Hmmm. Either way, I think I'll need more Blocks if my lights are going to work during Netflix Time. Awesome :D Belkin now has a WeMo light switch. I bought two Wemo switches to prepare for my WigWag order now will get a couple of light switches. Also, I'd love to see the "integration with other products" progress table that someone else suggested and you said was on the way :) Hello, I've just backed you, can't wait to play around with this :) I have a couple of questions: 1. Will you be able to activate things using the app, or does it *have* to be part of a when/then rule? Example - I want to open my garage door for a friend's car, they don't have a presence tag, so can I press a button on the app to manually tell the sensor block to open the door? 2. Z-Wave integration: in Australia the Z-Wave devices run on a different frequency than they do in the US - will the Z-Wave dongle support this? (see: <url>#Radio_specifications ) I pledged for the dev kit. I was wondering if I could add more sensor blocks, I couldn't find out. I think I read through all updates @WigWag, Great info dump! The list of issues related to security and privacy can seem almost endless. Some more examples: How can I delete remote data if I find I've "over-shared"? If I choose to have multiple WigWag accounts (for whatever reason), how difficult will it be for anyone but me to link them together? If I delete an account, does all its content get deleted, and does record of its existence also get deleted? The above questions intersect in various scenarios, such as the WigWag feature of intentionally sharing limited/full access with others. I have little comprehension of what it takes to implement a secure online system: I know many of the parts and I can tell when the system fails, but it is an extremely difficult problem to correctly tie imperfect components together to minimize the overall risks. The most fundamental approach is to "minimize the security surface", which means minimizing the amount of information entering/leaving/stored in the system, minimizing the time it exists, minimizing access to the data, and minimizing the time it is in an accessible state (decrypted). Balancing the need for a minimal security surface with the need to provide a valuable service is made simpler by also "owning" the date ingress/egress points, which WigWag to some extent does with the Relay and Block. The weakest part of the end-to-end system may be the data a user stores on their own PC, something that is outside of WigWag's direct control, and yet is a key attribute of an "open" system. In this case, it is important for WigWag to not provide information that would make it easier for 3rd parties to collect identifying information about customer PCs (such as IP and MAC addresses). Balancing openness and a rich set of features against having workable security is a tough nut to crack, one that projects like Mailpile are attacking (for secure email). As for me, I'm "all in" for a complete transition to a WigWag-based system. The combination of terrific hardware with a feature-rich cloud environment is irresistible. For those of us who are (overly?) concerned about security, it would be great to be able to run our own private, local WigWag server that supports all hardware features (mainly rule management), but without access to other online services, and with remote access provided via separate services such as pagekite. Glad to see @wigwag has our security interests at heart. Look out skynet Wig Wag team has reached 4 stretch goals and 2 mini stretch goals! Shouldn't they concentrate on what has been promised until this point, instead of adding more and more. Don't get me wrong I would love to see more devices added but not at the expense of the project being delayed. I've heard horror stories of other projects that simply got too much on their plate and couldn't deliver. Just my 2 cents. Thanks for the explanation. So......surely hitting the $275k mark will open up a new device? :) @WigWag. I'm also interested on Bobs questions. I'm curious about those strips on the steps on the photo, are those 3rd party or will be able to buy 50cm strips as I assume the 2.5m can't be cut into blocks? @Greg: My direct communication with WigWag indicates their present cloud security is nowhere near what they plan for it to become, so I'll be using it cautiously until the full commercial roll-out happens. The underlying questions is: Even with perfect security, what kinds of data is kept and why? @Bob, I am not 100% sure on this...but it is my understanding that the although the rules are set up and created on WigWag's server, they are then transferred to the Relay. Once the rules reside locally on the Relay, the Relay does not need to be connected to the Internet for your rules/devices to work and communicate with each other. I am actually planning on installing a basic system at my elderly father's place using this method. I will set the rules up at my place and then transfer the Relay and devices to his place and install them all. He has no Internet but it should all still work the way I need it to. I'm concerned about how much information about me WigWag keeps on its servers, and how accessible that information is to others. For example, since the Block has a sound sensor, if WigWag were served with a valid warrant, would it be possible for law enforcement to listen to my WigWag Blocks? Another example: Does WigWag know when any of my rules are triggered? Again, could a valid warrant permit others to know about my movements within my home? Now imagine that WigWag's servers were hacked, and my information fell into the hands of criminals. What could they do with it? If I tied my door locks to my WigWag system (via a relay contact on a Block), would they be able to break into my house? I'd rather WigWag not keep enough information to make any of those scenarios even remotely possible. And the minimal information that is stored should always be encrypted, with the keys kept completely off-line. So, how far can or should I trust the WigWag "cloud"? Does WigWag have something better than "toy" security? Why should I trust you with the keys to my home? I have more than four rooms, but less than ten... can I increase my pledge to include an additional sensor block and/or glow line (maybe two)? ...and how much more? I'm sorry if it's been asked before, I wasn't able to find an answer on the main page, nor in the sea of comments. The update with the stretch add-ons was nice and easy to find though, thanks for that one. Thanks for all the updates and keep up the awesome work! Thank you for the clarification. Will a phone (with the app running on it) be able to work as a basic presence sensor, or might this functionality come later? Or, will phones have this basic functionality at launch, and later on it will also be able to do more advanced geo-location things? LOL. What are you up to Guzman???? Just kidding. I am sure this is a rule that many will want to have working :) @Amit @WiWag. Will the WigWag app be able to define geolocation rules? Example: when wife leaves work then flash living room lights in color "red". @WigWag As you research by earlier question on iPhone app rules here is another use case .. I would like to define a rule on my iPhone wherein if I am within 1 mile of home I would like to turn on my coffee maker. Will this be possible in the WigWag environment? An API that allows me to provide this functionality in an iPhone app will be great as well. Any update about the GlowLine video? Read in comments that he was 90% done a week ago. Thanks @WigWag: Why not use an Insteon dongle? Then it would be the same scenario as supporting Z-Wave/ZigBee/Bluetooth dongles, etc. The USB Insteon dongle is quite easy to code to and use. The same code can interface to the USB dongle and do the USB PLM (PowerLinc Modem). How does the motion detection handle cats and dogs? Instead of controlling Phillips Hue™ light bulbs and Belkin WeMo™ outlets, could the sensor blocks control IR light switches like <url>#productDetails. If so, would the sensor block be able to control dimmer function, fan speed, etc. Thank you. What is the status of Insteon support? It seems to be mentioned sparsely. Will it be supported via a USB PLM? USB dongle? Internal? Will KeypadLincs be supported? @ WigWag, can you please have look at my question over in Update 10? Do we have a price on the Z-wave, Bluetooth, and Zigbee dongles yet? not sure if i missed out, but should there be the list of all the add ons somewhere? would help a lot in selecting and add pledges. cheers. Is there pricing on a second relay? Thanks Will the WigWag be able to connect to an AC Current Sensor to monitor home energy usage <url>"when" rule for a block that stops communicating on the wireless mesh? 3. What are the various blocks' operational temperature and humidity limits (including the LED strips)? I'd like to put a few outside, outside temps can get below freezing in the winter where I live, and most consumer electronics only go to 0degrees C.... 4. And talking about putting sensors outside - any ideas about waterproofing the sensor block cases in a way that the environmental sensors still work (e.g. I want another solution than putting a sensor block in a zip-lock baggie)? @Greg, I mean @4-6-8 x the initial $50K goal the device price points should be coming down. Like to integrate with cameras like dropcam or support canary currently on indiegogo @Phillip, what do you mean by "More should be less"? I don't quite get your meaning. !More should be less. I am thinking about getting out!! RU (---------------) I would love to see a camera as part of the add-ons available. What's the plan post Kickstarter, regarding purchasing addons (not part of kickstarter - just generally?) Can I connect multiple wired contact sensor ($10) to a single sensor block's analog input jack? This way Icould monitor a set of windows in the garage where esthetics is not a concern. @WigWag I was just being curious about the business model. I was more interested if all or some portion of the cloud side software would be open as well. You guys have been great about open source and was curious how far that extended? Can I ask how bright the lighting strips can be? I have under cabinet fluorescents, throw quite a bit of light for chopping veggies, etc. Even if these are not as bright, I had contemplated a loop over my main work area. Do you think they would work for this application on the brightest white? This may have been asked before, but will your Cloud Service software be open source as well for folks who prefer to keep their data out of the cloud, or in their personal cloud. Just curious and you can defer you answer if you like, but what is your business model going forward? Is it just hardware sales, or will their be premium cloud offerings? How would this connect/work with Fargo - Internet Relay Control (<url>"official" list with pics please Congrats on the $200k mark! Congratulations, $200k reached and the existing stretch goals all passed. Hi, Great project! I was looking for a integrated home automation solution, and this is the first product that has all the right elements. Some questions: 1) will you support something like this: <url>~1000 to encompass a whole house kit, dev kit and a few add-ons. Actually I may need to increase my pledge if you keep adding cool things:-) Can you clarify if you can run 2 hubs? I'm really excited about your system, but I was reading through the comments and one of your statements regarding multiple devices concerned me. In order to adequately cover a 2000 sq ft house and get the full benefit from the system, I will need more than 10 sensor blocks. The way I read the Kickstarter rules, and clarifying comments*, for items that come in groups, the 10 item limit can apply to the group. For this project, I would define a group as 1 relay + any number of sensor/control devices, since all of the elements work together as a single system. On a related note, is it possible to add a second relay? Please clarify so I can adjust my pledge accordingly. Thanks! * From the Kickstarter Blog: "@Anon Things like dice or miniatures that come in sets aren't affected by this. If your project is to produce a set of 50 miniatures we would view each set as a distinct item, so a project could offer ten of those sets. Same with dice and similar products. In terms of reaching out directly to creators that's totally fine. This rule is just about what's listed as a reward on the Kickstarter project page." "@KevinR Good questions -- both the PennyGems and card sleeves are similar to dice, miniatures, puzzle pieces, or anything else that comes in a set. Those would be treated like any other single item, and projects can offer up to 10 sets. Whether a backer is an individual, a store, a classroom, or a game group isn't an issue." Why have you chosen 6LoWPAN over other protocols, such as Z-Wave? This protocol uses the 2.4Ghz band and is known to cause interference issues with WiFi, and other protocols that use the same band. Many of us rely on WiFi in our homes and expect that it works reliably; and other things become secondary when it comes to interference. This reason alone has me considering other solutions now, as I don't want to deal with the interference headaches. In my case, I come from an IT/Networking background and can deal with such issues; I just choose not to whenever possible. However, most others probably aren't even going to have a clue and will just be upset when things don't work as expected. Have you even considered this? Do you have solutions in place to mitigate interference. You guys are definitely working on an interesting and innovating solution, but if it's going to be a constant headache I'm not sure it's worth it and I'm sure others will feel the same. You mentioned that wigwag will work with the hue and living colors gen2. If I only have a living colors lamp do i need anything (dongle or the bridge that comes with the hue?) to get it working in combination with the wigwag? @WigWag In answer to your earlier question about uses for the new Presence Tag Vicinity ability, this will allow me to expand my earlier burglar alarm idea to include the ability to have my garage and garden office sensor blocks in an active "alarm" motion sensing state even while I am home but automatically disarm as I walk out to either. Two Questions: 1. is there a possibility to add NFC to the Presence Tag? 2. Have you discussed RS-232 and X10 Adapters yet? Thanks for the reply. I am guessing that when you have the list ready and available on the website you will announce it here so that we know it is there?? I had a few questions on the security/interoperability that I couldn't find the answers for on the homepage. Since it's all wireless, I'm guessing that it's WPA2 compatible? Even then, are there any safeguards built in to ensure that unauthorized individuals who might be on the network can't go in and mess things up? Also, how dependent on the relay are the sensors? If one of the sensors is set up to check for motion and turn the lights on when someone enters the room, will it still work if someone turns on a microwave or something and causes the relay to disconnect? Are you able to publish a list of products/things you have or are testing with WigWag and the outcome? Ideally this list you would updated regularly and might have proposed times of when (if ever) you think you might have compatibility sorted. Eg, Working now, Hopefully by Launch, After launch, Not possible at this stage. You might also have an area where backers could list products they are hoping WigWag will work with so that you can get an indication of needs/wants?? I backed at the multi-room "pick 4" level but never got a screen to choose which 4 I want. How do I do that? Thank you. Is it possible for you guys to support controlling the iRobot Roomba 780 or 790 which has a RF controller? Have you guys considered working with Wimoto (<url>#8 had something to do with it. SUPER EXCITED! I would love to see a possibility to send a wake on lan signal with the relay if possible somehow :) Wow. That next $25k level came up quick. Drum roll for the reveal....... Matthew and Wigwag, I think one item is missing i.e. glowline upgrade to 5m, I am not sure how much it would be. The one comes with $50 is 2.5m, right? Hello, i really love the possibilities your sensor blocks offer, but i don't like the idea that i have to use your relay to controll the sensor blocks remotely (please correct me if i misunderstood the whole thing). so is there the possibility to remotely controll the sensor blocks with this device? <url>"It seems that this company, like many many other companies, has run into, what I call, the Kickstarter problem. They want to be successful and they are committed to the project. However, these companies are not ready for when the company actually succeeds. And SmartThings wasn’t ready for the wild success that they had either. Too many people actually wanted to see this company succeed and loved the product. And if “The Office” has taught us anything is that you need to use the varible cost model. (The more product you sell, the more it costs in staff to meet the demand.) As I’ve said, they just weren’t ready. It’s ok, I’m willing to give them some slack and I hope others do as well, but I hope they learned a lesson as well. *End Rant" Less than 10k to go. Better think of the next stretch goal :) @ David. Me Too! Hopefully the wigwag presence detector - it was looking good last time I checked !! When will we know what won the 100k reward? I'm pretty excited to see what else you all have been working on.. We've never backed anything, and couldn't be more excited to start playing with! I'm excited to see what's next too! Woohoo! 400 backers. What's under the covers?? I took the leap and now I'm going to glow strip everything! 1 backer to go!!! Soooo... do you think WigWag will auto work with the LimtlessLED/EasyBulb? <url>×Door sensors and a plants guard :) Yes! That would be great! We can also record it so that it can be played by folks that don't live close enough to experience it live. Given that this is already going to fund, I think we need to start thinking about how to maximize the use of these devices. It would hard for folks in outlying areas, but for people in, for example, the SF bay area, we could totally start up a SF Wigwag users group, East Bay, South Bay, etc. People get together and brainstorm ideas for interesting sensors and actuators, and then maybe schedule times to get together at people's houses and do some hacking on stuff. Maybe we can even convince one of the founders to come out from time to time and join the conversation. ;) GE 45605 Z-Wave power outlet GE 45612 Z-Wave dimmers These are the ones I need computability for thank you Really happy to hear WigWag and UBE have been in contact. Bring on the integration :) re PlantLink, I have commented there asking them to reach out to you. I am hoping to do the same thing with certain lights in my house as the Guzman's. I am hoping from the video that they will be able to be smart enough to do this - that was a joke in the video about just that situation wasn't it?? Hello team!! Congratulations on a great project! I just upgraded from an Early bird Multi Room kit to the Home kit. I've been waiting for something like this for a very long time! I would like for some to explain in detail what the Fusion control feature actually does? What is the difference between the Trip wire feature and the regular motion sensor? Also will the sensor block in addition to sensing movement will it also be aware of the presence of someone in a room? For example in my home I have z-wave sensors to control lights. If someone walks into a room the lights turn on, after 10 minutes the lights go off while the person is still in the room. Will the sensor block be smart enough to detect presence in the room and keep the lights on until the room is completely empty then turn the lights off? Will the WigWag relay/z-wave dongle work 100% with z-wave products from different manufactures? This is very important since I have an existing network mesh of Z-Wave products at home. Thanks A lot! Best of luck! In my first comment I had asked about integration possibilities with PlantLink. Although for some that might be a moot point, now that you have announced the Soil Moisture Sensor, but as I have already backed the PlantLink project, I would still be very keen to have it integrated. In my use I would probably be more likely to use the wireless PlantLink sensors. Anyway, any feedback you could give would be a great help in planning. I agree with other backers, it would be really great to see wigWag brand Locks to control access. I could also see this coming in new WigWag device(100K goal)? I have plan to add few more items, because I missed SmartThings earlier I would love to see wigwag as a complete solution to Home Automation security/access/control, can I? On average, how long is battery life with 4x AA batteries? Will there be some indication of low battery on a sensor? Maybe a rule that can SMS me when below 10% or something? Seems like wigwag is on a goal roll here :) Hopefully one of the stretch goal can be to offer the "Home Kit" at a discounted price so everyone can upgrade to a bigger better deal and further add to reaching the next big stretch goal. +1 @Ali3nSan's recommendation I would definitely want some sort of access control, as well as surveillance and the voice control would be insane :) For now I can live with Z-Wave integration. Regarding integration with LIFX, this is from their comments section, "Our API and downloadable virtual bulb will be released shortly so this will make developing for LIFX very simple." Congrats on reaching your goal in such a short time. I'm certain you shall be reaching over 4 times your original goal. As for the stretch goals, I'm uber excited and have a few recommendations. I would really like to see a "smart irrigation wigwag" similar to this <url>"not-so-smart" Rainbird controllers. Being in Texas, the summers here are grusome and with water ristrictions enforced in many states, your beautiful healthy lawn needs that extra smart to florish and make you neighbors jealous and envy you. It should be able to control 8-16 zones that follows independant (manual and automatic) watering zones while being able to monitor weather updates to adjust your watering needs and schedule that would save you from over/under watering and make you conscious about your water consumption, all while saving tons of money in the long run. Another great idea would be a "smart door lock wigwag" similar to Lockitron, August smart lock, Goji smart lock that would make your life so much easier. I know that might be too much to ask but these 2 types of wigwags will be the most practical and used almost by everyone everywhere. You have a chance to hit the ball out of this world and be one of the most successful projects in the kickstarter history. Y'all have plenty of time to make these realistic stretch goal wigwags a dream come true. Hope y'all won't disappoint. Good luck :) With the fixed plug type USB power adapter, will there be an option for Australian plugs, or will you just be doing North American and European types? Glowlines on the stairs Looks cool in the video and am curious to know how you set it up. Does each step have its own Glowline, or does one do several steps and the line is hidden in the riser somewhere? Sorry for all the questions, I am just excited about the project and thinking of all the uses I will/could have. External Power for the Sensor block. Will the micro USB power adapter be the type that has a fixed wall plug on the power end, or the type that has the wall plug that accepts USB (like the iPad or Galaxy S3/4 power supplies)? ZigBee, Zwave and Bluetooth dongles.. How likely do you think it is that people might need to utilise all 3 of these technologies in their installations? If so how can this be accommodated if there are 2 USB ports on the relay? Would you need to use a USB hub, or is this something that could be designed into the Relay with a 3rd USB port? Sensor design question/suggestion. In the video @ 2:30 when the external power(??) is being plugged it looks as though it is not securely fastened to the wall as there is movement in the sensor block, and @ 2:26 it doesn't look as though there are any holes in the base (unless they are underneath the batteries). If this is the case, my suggestion would be to either have some screw holes, or some screw hole guides (possibly with thinner plastic in this area), to enable for permanent secure placement of the sensor. If you are wanting to install on the ceiling (or even a wall) it would allow for a more secure installation. Assuming there is enough clearance for a counter sunk screw below the battery areas, this could be a good spot. Aesthetics question regarding the sensor.... Is there any chance that each of the final sensors could come in 2 colour versions? They are currently white with blue corners or black with green corners. If I were trying to have these blend into a ceiling as much as possible white with white corners would do that much better than one with the blue corns. The same could go with black one, black with black corners. The latter might not be as important, but white on white on white would have more WAF than one that stands out. Just a thought... Thank you for the quick answer ! :-) Hi WigWag Team, great Idea ! I have backed another Project "Embrace+" it is a Bluetooth Bracelet for notifications via light and Vibration. Is there any plan the put an bluetooth modul to the Relay Station or the Sensor Block So i can use the Embrace+ for notifications from the WigWag ? Sorry for my bad English ...... Daniel Will it be possible to get a Raspberry Pi Shield and/or an Arduino Shield, either as an add-on, or to order one separately after the Kickstarter has ended, or will the only way to get one of those be to pledge for the Developer Kit? I would like to get a shield or two, but don't really want to lower my pledge to the Developer Kit. Do we need to purchase additional sensor that plug into Sensor Block, or sensor block is like group of multiple sensor device which can detect different stuff? A few more questions. 1. How many sensor and light blocks can a single relay handle? 2. How many IR devices can a single sensor communicate with? 3. Is there any identification of who has returned home? e.g. Each NFC tag or Mobile phone syncing with home wifi? When will we know the cost of the zigbee, z-wave and bluetooth dongles, and also can a single relay handle all three or is it one at a time? Thanks again for the quick replies. That is good news on the speed. Very happy about the rules not needing to execute via the cloud. I will actually be using LIFX bulbs so will be interested to see how they test with it when you are able to get you hands on some. Congratulations for reaching the first goal. I live in Germany and currently facing the problem that big kickstarter projects like Pebble and Ouya have issues with german customs. Do you have any plans to avoid these problems? Because I really would like to switch to a higher pledge level but that makes no sense when the devices cannot be imported. How long is the power supply cord on the Glowline? Thanks for the quick response - a very positive start. In the video it looks quite responsive changing the colour, is it this fast from a motion sensing situation? The time it takes for motion/movement to be detected, to the light being lit. Congratulations on the project - it looks great. I pledged at the 10 pack level . I missed the SmartThings cutoff and am waiting to find out when they will be ready for Australian customers. I can see one big advantage of this over the SmartThings platform and that is not needing the internet once the rules are set up. I still plan on getting SmartThings when it is available, but decided to back here as well as I wanted a way to be able to check up on my elderly father - who does not have, nor will he ever have, an internet connection. I can see being able to set up the rules at my place, and them move everything to his place. Couple of questions... 1) When working in conjunction with LIFX bulbs, if you had a rule to turn lights on for x period of time once motion is sensed, how long is it likely to take for the light to actually switch on? Have you tested this with the Hue bulbs, and if so, do you have any video of this working? 2) I know you have addressed the integration potential with other products, have you (either as a group or individual members of the team), examined if any of the following products/projects will integrate with WigWag; a) the UBI (voice control project on KickStarter)? b) PlantLink? c) Lockitron? d) DoorBot? 3) How soon after initial shipping would you expect customers to buy more sensors/light strips? 4) If retail prices are higher than kickstarter pricing, are you likely to offer original backers discounts on purchasing further sensors/systems? Sorry for all the questions at once. Congratulations on reaching your goal and please learn from other KickStarter mistakes and update, update and update some more. You can never give too much information. Backers are here because they are enthusiasts and passionate and are way more comfortable getting more info than less. Backing! I asume that you will support push messages (GCm for example) to Android? Also, I am currently running another similar system which Android app has Tasker support, if you would add Tasker support I would be able to use a wig wag mostion sensor to turn on a lamp controlled by my other system. I would also enable me to instantly at release control wig wag via voice or via location through Tasker and Tasker Plugins! Please consider Tasker support!!! @Jonas Nice!!! Looking forward to stretch goals! Hoping for door sensors or some sort of camera as one of the stretch goals Hi! I just brought you over the $50,000 goal! Question: Can the Glowlines be trimmed to length at all? I'm just wondering how possible it will be to fit them to exact lengths. If they can be trimmed is it in certain length multiples (for example every 3 inches or something)? Thanks! @Nicolas, wouldn't you actually want the clock in the Relay then, as part of the rule? I think the rules are actually implemented as JavaScript in the Relay, so if the Relay has a clock then you should be able to include a time of day as part of the rule's conditions, hopefully. I suppose what would be really nice would be if the Relay had a battery-backed Real-Time Clock that could be NTP time sync'd with the network, and supported DST settings so your rules would automatically adjust for DST as needed. Maybe that would be a nice stretch goal if the Relay does not already have a battery-backed Real-Time Clock. Any chance you could include an internal clock into the sensor? For instance I would like to be able to tell if there is movement in my bedroom after 7 am to turn on the lights, but if there is any between 12 and 7 then not to bother turning it on. I have asked previously, could you answer this please? "It said in pledges that Glowline can be upgraded, when and how much $$ difference? Could it be used outdoor?" This product is a godsend...no stray dog will ever dare defecate in my yard again!!! Great design, guys! Definitely see a lot of potential for this solid foundation. The Sensor Blocks seem a bit "heavyweight" (i.e., possibly expensive) to me, since they contain excessive functionality for many use cases. However, sensors or switches from other Home Automation lines are not cheap, even if they only perform 1 function (e.g., just motion, or just temperature, or just push button); so maybe having a flexible single mass produced "sensor block" is a good idea! I am also a Backer of the delivered Project: "SmartThings": <url>’s action parts. 1) Will the IR blaster be similar to a learning IR remote (ie learn commands from other remotes)? 2) The Electronic Relay – is this were we solder a line from a device in? (ie to control a fan [power on/off], - would we split the wire and solder it to a +ve and –ve from the WigWag Sensor to control)? If the IR blaster could learn different IR remote signals, the one Sensor block could technically control every IR device in range (Ie IR power points, air con, fan, tv, etc). And could I add an app command allowing multiple IR commands (ie fan on for 5min then stop)? If you could explain a bit about these 2 functions it would be appreciated. Is it possible to not use your cloud server at all, so that everything remains in my local network? Sorry, I should have been a little clearer with my question. How would I obtain a second relay through pledges since Kickstarter doesn't allow multiple pledges? Would I just add the cost to the pledge like for extra sensors, and what would that cost be? Great product!! Just pledged and excited! Is it possible to get 2 relays to cover multiple locations? This is such an AMAZING product!!! Im really excited and have been waiting for something like this to convince me into taking a leap and modernizing my home by making simple changes than can really make it more personal and unique... I just pledged for the $119 Early Bird Sensor Kit. But I pledged a total of $269 because I wanted 3 additional sensors to go alongside the kit, for a grand total of 4 plus the relay. I just wanted to know if the additional $50 per add on was exclusive for the sensor and would not be mistaken or confused as a solicitation for the Glowlines. Will we'll be getting a survey at the end of the campaign to clarify what we pledged the additional funds for, so that there is no confusion? Are there any starch goals once with cross the goal? Would be nice to provide some additional sensors like built in magnetic sensor for doors! Thanks for the information! If all this is possible with a non-developer kit that's great! :) Can I build a more intelligent network together with Benki because benki has cams and door open/closed sensors. If I buy a non-developer kit can't I modify it in any way? Congratulations on an awesome product! Can't wait to see the updates and get setup. Congrats to the WigWag Team on the launch! Awesome product. I cannot wait to get one! I just forwarded the campaign link to my dad & all of his Navy buddies! Oh, then i guess it is ok. You should change the description for the pledges if possible though, it could confuse international backers since the 169 pledge +100+15 is cheaper than 269 pledge +20. I have no idea how to direct message. is there a button somewhere? Why does each package have "+1 relay"? This problem occurs at the 189 and 289 pledges as well. @creator This might be a little tougher to resolve since there are some backers already, $169+2*50=269, however for international backers, we have to pay 20 dollars for shipping instead of 15 dollars for shipping at 169 pledge. @creator, if that is the case, you should remove the $199 pledge as soon as possible as $139+$50 =$189, meaning no one in the right frame of mine will pledge for $199 pledge. @creator Can we add sensors alone to other kits? @creator, can you give us an estimated price for the zigbee/z-wave/BLE dongle? I do not see any major amount difference in Multi-Room kit and Home Kit, in fact Home kit looks little expensive. I wanted to add few more items but not as whole thing as home kit. Is there any chance to add 2-3 more sensors? I just reserved Multi room kit and thinking: 1) It said in pledges that Glowline can be upgraded, when and how much $$ difference? Could it be used outdoor? 2) Can Wigwag also open/close regular Chamberlain garage door using single sensor (or do we have to use multiple sensor to sense one to open/close and another to trigger it open)? if so also notify on smartphone if it was open? 3) I do have other wi-fi based devices like Philips Hue, Eco-bee thermostat and planning to get some UBE switches and Lifx bulbs and willing to control all these through wigwag, is this possible, I mean possible through just using wigwag smart phone interface or still I have to do some weird setups? Awesome, just grabbed an early bird multi room! Been waiting for something like this for ages! Thank you for making it!!! Is there an android app as well?