@Chun, thank you for the nice words. Beginning of October is our estimated delivery date - thank you and have a great day! @Connor ; 1. Yes most likely, but need to confirm with team (reg. BackerKit), 2. Yes, you can adjust your pledge, no problem. @Tim, thank you for the hint and suggestion. We need to review what the demand will be and then decide based on LOE vs ROI. DANKE Christina, great idea! Thanks for sharing! Simon, thank you for the suggestions! At the moment we are going to offer lightning only due to our manufacturer's MOQs. But keep an eye open, if the campaign is very successful we might consider. :) Thank you, good to be back! :) Yes, except for the 24 hour super early bird, just double the pledge amount to get two, triple to get three… no need to pay for shipping more than once! If you have selected the super early, add €14 for each additional 20cm unit. Hope this helps, we'll make a graphic to make it easier to understand :) Is anyone got this cable yet? Thanks Ralph. Kickstarter is not a store. He should have out this on Etsy. Hi Everyone, I'm not sure anyone is going to go back to this project's comment section at this point. Anyway I've been in contact with "Michael Hussman" after they canceled their first campaign and I was trying to get a prototype micro-usb woodie. Now I was contacted by Karol Baginski and has asked me a favour and that's to post something for him here at the comment section. I'm not sure if Michael Hussman and Karol Baginski is the same person. I think they are, I might be wrong. Anyway I'll copy/paste what he emailed me. I'll keep the quotation marks. Lol. Note for Kickstarter: I am not in any way, shape or form involved with them. I just want a micro-usb version. ----- From Karol Baginski “Dear Backers, First of all, I would like to issue a sincere apology from the bottom of my heart. Woodie was supposed to be a fun, independent side project, inspired by a contact made at a trade show in Hong Kong. After taking great interest in braided cable, an enthusiastic supplier promised me exclusive access and to the foundation of Woodie. It was only after the final customization details were approved and the Kickstarter campaign was well under way, that I was notified that exact same product appeared on Alibaba from the supplier I established contact with. I must take full responsibility for hastily entering a partnership that guaranteed exclusivity solely by word of mouth. It was never my intent to deceive my Backers, as I have worked on many projects in the past, and plan to continue doing so. The fact that my reputation must suffer as a result of poor judgment is a consequence I must begrudgingly accept. Please do not view this as a blatant attempt to pull wool over my backers' eyes. Being a part of kickstarter campaign is something I have a true passion for, therefore it is in my best interest to establish my reputation as a trustworthy individual. One of the most rewarding aspects of kickstarter is the knowledge you come away with after each campaign. And so, I will take this messy situation and use this not only better myself, but also to improve the future projects I hope we can all be a part of together. Ending on this note, I would like to clarify that this project was entirely of my own undertaking, and none of my past, present, or future projects have any relation to this situation. Again, please accept my sincerest apologies, and if any other individual concerns must be settled, please don't hesitate to contact me at <email> . Sincerely, Karol Baginski” @Ralph thx for the link Why can't people use this site where it is intended for... jeezzz @Ralph: Thanx for the link. F*** off NaturWerk I found this article. <url>äre mal nett ;) Haha, I bet they made a deal with "lecord" hoping that no one would find them out...although only taking the price into account it still would have been a good deal...what a pity... Suspended? Why? @dragonbait: Good find. That is almost certainly why. It's an exact replicate except shorter. Oh maaan, I want this thing! @Dragonbait Yeah, I think you found the golden ticket. It's more like "Le Ripoff" for $61.00 Hmm the black one looks identical. I would put money on Woodies trying to pass this off as their prototype! <url>… There better be a good reason this got suspended and the juicies+ creators were able to launch a second campaign... Could this be the reason? <url>Ö Kickstarter could be abit more specific. Suspended? Why? The thing I'm worried about is how sturdy the centre piece of the reversible USB is. it's a great idea if it works as long as it doesn't break after a thousand uses. Have you done any testing to see how long it lasts? It's really great design! I just pledge two 20cm!! Will you have an estimate schedule for the shipping date if the project funded successfully? Really looking forward to get this product soon!! Appreciate that!! Keep going!! Alright, thanks you guys! @Christina Paine @Team A female lightening/usb converter in the same finish would do the job nicely.... Also, I pledged for the 20cm super early woodpecker; if I decide later after it is sold out that I want the 60cm instead, can I still just add €3 to my pledge? Will you be using Backerkit to organize the pledge amounts? Pledged for 4!! Thanks for the savings on the first one. It will make a perfect pair if there is also a micro-usb version ... or even better if you can make it a 2-in-1 duo cable ... It'd be so great if you could somehow wear this as s bracelet too ! Could a magnetic clasp be added I wonder ?? ;-) Welcome back peeps :) Any option to add additional cables to out pledge?