Press release for Ivan Reedman's resignation: “Everyone at Torquing was saddened to receive Ivan Reedman's resignation on Tuesday 10th November 2015. We are now considering the company's position on how best to move forward.” Will provide a test rig update end of play today everyone. - Reece Hi All, Just to clarify an issue. Our shipping agent (who various directors of the company have used for 25 years in various businesses) will be vetting ALL shipping addresses prior to shipment, to ensure the address we have for you in our database are valid. If there is a mistake, or our shipping agent requires more information, we will contact you ASAP. We will not simply ship the ZANO to your listed address and hope for the best. We will cross every t and dot every i to ensure ZANO is shipped to your desired location. For example, Please do not worry about issues like, house number being on a separate line to street name, etc. Or other variations of the format in which your address is listed back to you. This will all be vetted by our shipping agent, through a sophisticated system. We will be sending the database to our shipping agent next week for the verification process, allowing enough time for us to contact any backers who we require more shipping details from. I hope this makes sense. Thanks, Reece Hi Dooley, We expect to be contacting the "overpledgers" in the next 2 weeks. Thanks for your patience. Cheers, Reece Hi All, There seems to have been some confusion in regards to the "over-pledged" backers and the £10 discount for FlyZANO.com. Let me clarify. Those who "over-pledged" will be contacted shortly with more details regarding their “over-pledged” credit and what items they wish to allocate their credit towards. Those who "over-pledged" will have their pledge reward and their additional items they “over-pledged” for shipped together as one consolidated package. Those who “over-pledged” ARE NOT obligated to spend anymore money to receive the additional items they “over-pledged” for. The £10 discount on purchases over £50 for FlyZANO.com is for those backers wishing to purchase additional accessories/ZANOs above and beyond their Kickstarter pledge. These orders can not be consolidated and will shipped separately. I hope this makes sense. Thanks, Reece Hi Pollock, We are launching a new website shortly, in which your ZANO smart device "App" will automatically create an account for you on. Ie. When you first get your ZANO and you download the ZANO "App", before you use your ZANO, you will be asked to create an account, which will also create your new account on FlyZANO.com. This will be a new account database (different from your current FlyZANO.com account). We will migrate or sync the current FlyZANO.com accounts and the new ones over time. We will automatically upgrade your new FlyZANO account to your BETA tester status. Does this make sense? Thanks, Reece Hi All, We sent out close to 6,000 survey's yesterday, with a view of sending out the remaining surveys over the next 2 days. Please keep an eye out in the e-mail folder you used to pledge for ZANO. It's also great to see those who have already received their surveys helping out those who haven't! Thanks guys, awesome effort! Thanks, Reece Hi All, The surveys are being rolled out as we speak, we are sending them out one reward tier at a time. So far, we have done 3 reward tiers. Another two will be done today, looking at getting the rest of the reward tier surveys sent out next week. Please keep an eye out in your e-mail inbox you used to pledge for ZANO. Development and production schedules are right on track for June delivery. Things are are certainly getting very exciting around ZANO HQ right now. A BETA Tester information pdf will be sent out shortly. (1 - 2 weeks). So bear with us on this one. Please appreciate that our focus is 100% on final development and production for ZANO to ensure we hit our June shipping date. With that said, we are very much looking forward to working with those involved in our BETA Tester program, your input will be vital in ensuring that ZANO is the most intuitive, sophisticated and most of all, enjoyable drone experience on the market. I will provide a more comprehensive update next week. Thanks, Reece Hi All, We sent out the survey to 94 (one reward tier) of our 12,000+ backers on Thursday. The reason for sending the survey to only 94 of our backers, was to ensure the process was 100% functional. Good news, the process if effective and we're happy with the results of the test. We will begin rolling out the rest of the surveys tomorrow. Thanks, Reece Good evening everyone. Well I promised I would let you know as soon as I heard about the pre-EMC tests for Zano. It passed both the RF specific and the general emissions without issue. We still have work to do, but the result is superb. The full certification process can now be started. Anyway, thats all for now. Have a good weekend. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good morning all, Hey Ashleigh. Regarding the email with the link. We have actually already started testing this. I can check but I believe the team handling this are planning to email small batches of backers with the email first to test the entire system in a production environment. This may have already happened, if not it is very soon too. I have seen the test emails myself and the system works very nicely. Regarding other questions about the survey. The aforementioned email and link will sort most of your queries. We are still working with our shipping agent regarding batteries. The legalities around these are time consuming but we are making excellent progress. I can not confirm yet but we may have to ship additional batteries (beyond the two that come with Zano) separately due to shipping agent requirements. Once we know more, I will update you all. Onto some cool news. Our pre-EMC tests are scheduled for tomorrow with UL. UL is underwriters laboratories and is the organisation doing the full compliance process for Zano. Those in the USA will probably recognise the UL symbol on most products you buy. The UL symbol is a mark that a product meets the UL requirements. I have a basic understanding of all this but our compliance specialist is sorting all this out with UL themselves. So the crux is, hopefully soon we will know if any EMC issues are present in Zano. If not, then our schedule should hold, if there are any EMC issues then we will need to address those before the full certification can be completed.This is a standard process for virtually all consumer products and though we aren't expecting any issues, if there are any issues, we will resolve them. Have a good morning everyone. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good morning everyone, We have just had a three day weekend here in the UK. I am sat here in my office watching the rest of the team here arrive one by one. Thank you to you all for answering questions and generally helping each other, that is one of the best things about Kickstarter, the community that it helps build. Regarding the drop in altitude if flying from a balcony, Zano also detects the rate of change of altitude so above a configurable height in mm between x number samples, Zano will then use the new altitude as the relative altitude to the operator. This allows Zano to follow the ground but if you fly off a cliff or balcony for example, Zano will maintain its relative altitude to the operator. If the ground is beyond sonar range then as Hans has mentioned, Zano will use the air pressure sensor instead. Regarding the emulator, this is being worked on. I don't have a release date for this yet. However, we are planning at the moment in mid may to release the alpha version of the SDK and documentation. Zano is off this week for pre-EMC compliance tests. This will largely determine if the main compliance tests are likely to show any issues. The pre-EMC tests allow us at this stage to make small design tweaks to help resolve compliance issues before we get to full production. Paul F. Regarding that video, wow that is quick. That sort of speed is along the lines of what we expect from our Sparrow which has a ridiculous power to weigh ratio. Quite a good pilot was doing the flying too, really cool. Regarding the xbox controller, we are planning a formal release of a desktop version of the Zano app. It has been something we have discussed. It may not be for sometime as there are lots of high priority tasks but it will happen. Have a great morning. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good morning all, Been a little while since I popped on here to answer questions. I am pleased to see how well our Zano Obstacle Avoidance Tennis video was received. We have been doing quite a bit of filming over the past week and were having a bit of fun yesterday from which a new game was born. We are doing more filming today to get the rest of the content for the next creating Zano chapter and this is one I am really quite excited about. Explaining in broad terms about the SDK, what you can do with it, how easy it will be to develop for etc. I promise to keep it in broad terms and not get too technical To discuss the video, let me first explain the parameters that were set to task Zano for Obstacle Avoidance Tennis. We firstly set the avoidance range to 300mm and the maximum angle to 15 degrees. Reece mentioned both of these in the update. To explain exactly what that means is anything beyond 300mm Zano will ignore, the closer an object gets within 300mm the more Zano will lean away from it up to a maximum of 15 degrees. All these values will be pre-configured by the Zano app for the environment you are flying in so no need to worry about how to configure Zano. Zano fly with what looks like inertia, it slowed down then accelerated away from the player. The obstacle avoidance has two key parameters, one is distance error and the other is speed. By distance error I mean if you set 300mm as your avoidance target and an object is at 295mm there is an error of 5mm. If an object reaches 200mm then the error is 100mm. The larger the error, the more Zano will lean away and try and avoid the object. The second part is speed of approach control. This was disabled for the video. If it was enabled, Zano would have just halted mid flight on approach as soon as it detected Thomas or Reece, this would make it look unrealistic from a tennis ball perspective. The next major question or query to answer is about noise. Zano is only about as loud as normal human conversation. We have used a sound pressure meter to verify this. The environment that we recorded the video is yesterday is absolutely horrendous from an acoustic perspective. Honestly you can hardly have a conversation in that space for the echo. Over the coming weeks we will be showing more video flying inside our office, flying outside around obstacles, you will very comfortably see that Zano is really quite quiet. A question about frequency range of control. Firstly you task Zano not control it :-) It is tasked over WIFI running at 2.4G using 802.11b/g/n. Zano does have a second radio transceiver that runs at 915MHz or 868MHz. The frequency is region specific. North America is one frequency, Europe is another. This local RF as we call it, is not used to task Zano, it is used for Zano to share its position and speed information with other Zano’s in the local vicinity. I just spotted a question about rubber bands and kids trying to shoot Zano down. In answer to your question, Zano will always try and avoid obstacles or objects, no manual intervention is required. The real question is could the production Zano avoid a rubber band. I don’t know would have to be my answer but this is going onto my list of things to try. Regarding the app we are developing. Android is the first phone to be supported, followed shortly thereafter by iOS (only delay might be the Apple certification process) followed shortly thereafter by a Windows mobile version. Another interesting question, can you task multiple Zano’s from one controller. Absolutely but stay tuned for the next creating Zano chapter. What we have in store for developers with the SDK is really cool and I think will lead to hundreds of brilliant apps for Zano. Reading through I can see a question about supporting/bracing the PCB which forms the flight frame. Really no need. That single Zano that was used for the tennis video has been flown into the wall many many times, has fallen from 2-3m to the concrete floor and has had me working, modifying it and testing it since it arrive weeks ago. There is no fatigue or stress marks on the flight frame PCB whatsoever. Remember, Zano only weighs 60grams and the PCB is made from fibre glass, which is very flexible. The sensitive components not he PCB are well protected and this was all part of the design process. Zano is very tough and robust, really no need to worry about that. Right, I’m heading to the forums for a small update there then later today we are finishing filming for the next chapter of creating Zano. Thank you as always for your support and enthusiasm. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Hi all, As requested by some of you and as promised by me, I will be making more updates available. Not official long winded ones (I know I can rattle on sometimes) but quick thoughts and progress directly from my office. If you are interested in this, please pop to the forums <url>’t slow us down at all. Things will start getting exciting. Hey Seif. Regarding the lottery, I believe the finance team are first contacting and waiting to hear back from all backers whose pledges were not successful. Once this information is receive (or the cut off date arrives), we will then know all the actual backers who applied to be beta-testers and can run the lottery. I have asked for an update on this process and when I hear back, I will update you all. Hey Iain. LOL, I guess so. Do you want to see the British Prime-minster in a selfie video on Youtube? Unless they are away from their usual abode. I can just imagine a politician doing a Chicken Dance on a Zano selfie video (I have no idea why I suggested that.) Hey FE. Yes, you can override all but the hardcoded no fly zones. They will actual like virtual forcefields and if your Zano strays close, it will be reflect off. Hey Randy. Really good point. I know with the update about the case and the Zano fuel, I forgot to put my two pence in. We have made some fantastic progress on the SDK (which the APPs use) as well as major updates to the Zano OS to support the new code for all of our stretch goals. I’ll formulate a proper update on all of this and publish it on the forums. Right, off to the forums for me. Have a great afternoon and I’ll be back. (Couldn’t help it, seeing as Larry a month or so ago referred to me as an AI computer and not a real boy) Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Hi Navneet, We are UK based but will be keeping an eye on legislation in all major regions including BOTS to find the relevant publications as they get published. Thank you for your support. Regards, Ivan Auto correct changed USB to sub in my post below. Oops. Good morning all, Hey Tyler. Don't worry. You can charge the spare battery without Zano fuel. There will be a different small LIPO charger included for those without Zano fuel. Sorry for the confusion. Hey RL. Sorry for the confusion, see my comment above please. Included even without Zano fuel is a sub to micro sub cable for charging the Zano directly and a small LIPO charger that runs directly off the USB. Zano fuel includes a different LIPO charger. I hope that all makes sense. Hey FE. We (Torquing) manage all the legislation updates. So we keep an eye on legislation changes and when we are notified, we will update our system that then filters the information down to Zanos within that region by using the phone or tablet to update Zano. These updates and potential restrictions can be bypassed by the user by reading a small notice and accepting responsibility and acknowledging that you wish to use Zano anyway. We are still refining how this process will behave from a users point of view. There is a great deal of discussion about this on the forums. Maybe suggest you head there and have a read as I suspect all your questions will be answered. The crux is, by default Zano will meet the legislation but as the operator, you can choose to bypass those rules by accepting a noticed displayed on your handset. It is a difficult compromise. If you have any suggestions to our suggested process, please add this to the forum. We very much try and work with Zano users to reach the best compromise. Does that make sense? Hey Oliver. Yes, the legislation (apart from a few fixed no fly Zones such as White House, number 10 Downing st) can be bypassed. Ultimately, the Zano user has the responsibility. Eg. We are trying to provide assistance where perhaps kids are using Zano and provide some assistance to stop them doing something ideally they shouldn't. Hey Dom. I'll ask the question about the Camo case. Have a great morning all. Kind Regards, Ivan Hi RL. There is a separate included charging cable that is USB to Micro USB. This connects to Zano directly and uses Zano's onboard charger for charging the battery that is installed in Zano. Good morning all, Hey Lucas. If your charger has a USB outlet then absolutely you can use this to charge Zano. Yes, Zano Fuel has a standard USB outlet and Zano comes with a cable to plug Zano itself into a USB socket for charging. The Zano Fuel also comes with a small USB charger to allow charging of the spare battery whilst Zano is in use. Hey FE. The no-fly zones is only part of what we are doing, the total solution is more complex. Zano app connects to the internet just to download small updates including regional legislation changes. So if a region changes its legislation, Zano can automatically adhere to that legislation within minutes of it being published. Those changes to legislation might be maximum distance from the operator, maximum altitude, maximum ground speed. I can not predict what the legislation changes might be but we have built the entire Zano system to support dynamic changes across every region where a cellular connect might exist and your phone/tablet is able to download regional updates. Does that make sense? Have a great morning everyone. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Hi all, I just responded to questions on update 16. I keep forgetting to check the update sections so I apologise. If you do have questions, may I ask you check our the WIKI and the Forums as you should find answers to virtually everything there. Hey Bjoern, We have not confirmed with CeBIT as yet as there is another UK show that we are really keen to attend. The issue for us is time, we are making our priority the Zano project itself and delivering Zano in June but attending shows takes a lot of time and planning. If we can attend and not impact the project for june delivery, we will see what we can do but only if we keep to our project timeline. Hey Trevor. Regarding changes and additions. Yes to most things from shells, propellers, batteries, cases, camera modules etc. We are working on providing a pre-populated shopping cart for all Kickstarter backers as well as automated addition to a special Kickstarter discount group on www.flyzano.com. Once we have all this setup, your ‘cart’ will have your chosen reward and how much you pledged as credit. If there is other items that you want, you can add them at that point before completing the process and providing your shipping details etc. Does that make sense? Hey Brenson. We have looked at backer kit. We have a solution that will provide everything you are after and also add you to the discount group for backers meaning you will have lifetime discounts on all Zano accessories at the www.flyzano.com store. Right, back to work again for me. We are tidying up the Zano OS API and aligning everything on the SDK. The team had a quick play with a Windows mobile app today too, just initial functional testing but its all good and working using the SDK. Have a great afternoon. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good afternoon all, I trust you all had a great weekend. I’m going to confuse everyone and answer questions from the bottom up today. :-) Thank you everyone regarding the case, I agree and think Thomas has done a stand out job with it in conjunction with our case maker. The comment about it looking a little like a toilet did make me laugh and it wasn’t a picture I needed in my mind. Hey Steve Jr. They beta-tester form has been taken down. We will shortly put up the form for the remaining non-kickstarter reserved places (4000 were reserved for backers, 1000 are available for kickstarter and pre-orders). Once this is up, I will update you all. Thank you for your support. Hey Peter. Just provide your backer number in the comments section and we will ship them all together. Hey Derek. We had a project planning meeting today, its early days but the project is running to schedule at the moment. Actually slightly ahead but we have months to go yet. Hey Aziz. That is fantastic news and well done. We could make a baby rattle control for Zano? Could be some fun. :-) Hey Doug. Thank you. It is all coming along well. Hey Robert. No pricing yet on the FLIR camera. We have some great discussions with FLIR so as soon we as have some specifics, we will update you all. Hey David. Good question. To properly test the propellers actually have to be fitted to ensure the motors are pulling full current. The EM issues you refer too are not difficult to deal with so long as the PCB is designed with EM in mind. Moving power traces, providing proper filtering, moving components that are doing the switching away from sensitive components can all help move the major EM issues away from the sensors. Also regarding the magnetometer, this needs to be calibrated with the motors running at hover power as then the magnetic field is constant with in an error margin and much easier to deal with. As we release more videos, each function will be demonstrated including more in the lab footage showing specifics about the EM, calibration and other aspects. Hey Jel. LOL Thank you for that. Hey Tony. Zano has UV leds now on the frame so it can be glowing blue when you open the case and remove your Zano. Does that do what you want? Hey Michael. Thank you for your support. We are looking into the landing pad and are formulating a few means of Zano finding accurately its way home :-) Hey Doug. Thank you for your support. In answer to your questions. 1. The Zano you saw flying was the prototype I put back together for testing purposes. The pre-production boards were delayed by a few days but are due this week. As soon as they arrive, I will post a small video of the boards before they depart to Camtronics for the initial 10 build for us to test. So stay tuned. Regarding the cases, please see the Forum as I believe Thomas has responded there. Hey Byron. We are working with a few countries legislators regarding legislation on UAV’s. There are things in the pipeline that we have built into Zano that is gaining popularity with legislators. I don’t want to say too much until much of it is confirmed but I am still confident because of Zano’s tiny size and weight and the fact we will be able to reference independent studies done in the UK that show sub 60 gram UAV’s are harmless at terminal velocity to people, Zano will likely be absolutely fine. The autonomous and deterministic behaviour of Zano helps a great deal too when dealing with legislation. One of the main issues I believe you will find is the non-deterministic behaviour of non-trained operators. Zano having local regulations and legislation supported by the flight control system mitigates much of the non-deteministc nature of untrained operators. Hey Larry. Very good point. We are going to email every backer over the next week to explain what the process will be and that we will shortly follow up with an email allowing you to confirm your reward and select what to do with the over pledged amounts and provide a list of the options and extra Zano’s etc. We will definitely test the new system on a hundred or so backers before emailing it to everyone. Hi Mark. Regarding wind. We have the pre-production Zano’s due back too (boards arrive this week then they need building) so with these and the larger motors etc, we will be in a position to test more thoroughly how Zano behaves in the wind and gusts. All of this information will be published too. Hey Daryl. That it is a good point. I will mention that to the guys organising to contact everyone. It a backer doesn’t respond, we will work out a way that only the non-responders shipments are delayed so those who do respond get their units on time. Hey Uwe. You will receive an email shortly explaining the entire process from now including the survey, how you confirm your pledge etc. We need to get the process spot on to ensure all 12,000+ backers are contacted correctly. Expect an email in the next week to 10 days. Right, I need to go get lunch then back to work. Have a great day everyone. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good afternoon all, Hey Michael. Good question. I had a quick look at BLYNK. They are using WIFI from the APP to the Arduino so it absolutely should be possible but it would depend on the flexibility of their libraries, I know a few developers are planning to build various tools for the Arduino for controlling Zano. Certainly a project I would like to see. Hey RogerM. Sorry I couldn't be of more help. Hey Mark Mark S. Thank you. Hey Dooley. As Mark mentioned, it is coming. We are waiting on pricing for a few items so we can publish the next Creating Zano and the major update I have mentioned. I know our finance team have in their pipeline sending out all the surveys, collecting the information, allocating extra items and doing to the beta-tester give away of three glow in the dark Zano's. Please understand that when we start contacting everyone, we have to get it right as we need to collect information from 12,000+ people as efficiently and reliably as we can. I will ask for an estimate date when the surveys will be sent out and let you all know. We have been busy refining the project plan for Zano's. From tooling times to assembly process. Also finding small changes in the bill of materials that can really help with our project timeline and cost are important and all being done at the moment. Right, back to it for me. Kind Regards, Ivan Good morning all, Hey RogerM. Sorry about the confusion. <url>"Zano" no text roughly 50mm dia (2inches for you un-metric folk) and awesome :) There will not be a prize as such other than your design being used forever more, and your name on the wall of fame as the badge designer (until we need to change it ha ha) Head over to the forums to post your ideas. Thomas, Design Director. Hi all, Regarding the beta testing. We have not as yet had a list from Kickstarter as to which pledges were not successful and which ones were. As the Kickstarter beta-tester program is reserved for backers, we need to first sanitise the data we have collected and verify each applicant is a backer. Once we have this final list, we will randomly draw 3 applicants to receive a Glow in the Dark Limited Edition Zano. We will also then begin the process of notifying all applicants about the status of being a beta-tester. Not long now hopefully but I will keep you posted. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good evening all, Hey Jeff. I'm sorry I missed your question. I don't get notified of new comments so I need to remember to check all the various locations. As a general update for everyone and hopefully to answer your question. I have some good news regarding Kickstarter backers and the www.flyzano.com store. We are going to create a special discount group on the store and automatically load all the backers into this group. This will give you lifetime discounts on all Zano accessories. This includes but is not limited too batteries, propellers, cases, ZanoFuel etc. As Jose has mentioned too, if your backer ID is provided, we can combine the shipping with your Zano. Until Zano's ship to you all, we will adjust this special discount group to have no shipping charge just to make it easier. Now anyone who has already pre-ordered through the store will receive a refund of the difference between the new pricing they would pay as an existing backer and the price they have paid already for the pre-order. Hey Aziz. I'm here from time to time. Goodnight all. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good evening all. Hey Logan. Regarding the 3D files, as soon as we have them ready to send away for tooling, we will release them as they will be the most up to date and accurate files. The Alpha release of the SDK should follow shortly after our video about it. Robin (one of our developers) is planning to do a video and text tutorial on the SDK and building a wrapper. Thanks Ray. :-) Hey Randy. Keep up the chanting, its working. Thomas, Thomas, Thomas! Cheers all. Ivan @FlyZano Hey all, Sorry, I didn't respond to any comments. Thank you all for your support. There is so much going on behind the scenes here. I know I have said it, but there is so much cool stuff coming from details on the carry cases, to details about the pre-production units including videos of them being made (when the boards arrive back) etc. I'm like a kid at Christmas, I don't want to have to wait to share all the content but know I have too. Hey CMD. Thank you. Good point too. We are working on some new videos of Sparrow and Firecrest for you all too. To better demonstrate just what goes on behind the scenes here. Hey Patrick. I'm not entirely sure myself about those comments, we do professional content because we are professional and those videos show Zano flying. I think it is damned if we do, damned if we don't. If we didn't do professional videos, there would be criticism that the videos weren't professional. Anyway, moving on and upwards. :-) Have a great morning. Cheers, Ivan Good morning one and all, Just a quick update. You will be getting much more detail shortly. 1. We have some fantastic progress with the carry cases. I would love to post pictures of these now but I didn't have anything to do with the cases, the cases are a result of work from Thomas so he will update you all later. They do look so cool. Much better than our original ideas for the cases. I won't spoil the surprise though. 2. Really good progress on the SDK and LibZano. We are planning to publish video tutorials on using the SDK as well as lots of supporting documentation. So not just covering what the SDK is, the interface but loads of examples in different languages of how to make use of the SDK. 3. We are working on a live (video of flight, controlling and showing the SDK) example of controlling Zano using the SDK with full details to show developers what to expect. 4. The prototype that was built had a faulty MEMS sensor on it (never seen this particular issue so its a new one to us), on of our production engineers believes it may have been as a result of incorrect package from the supplier and moisture ingress into the MEMS sensor itself. Either way, it isn't working, so we have built a brand new one using another one of out initial 10 prototypes. 5. An idea was floated about us (Torquing Group) making a swarming test facility available for developers. So rather than every developer having to have a swarm available, we could provide access to a swarm via the internet. The SDK can easily be configured to talk to an external IP (our external IP) to allow you to control the swarm. Developers could book time on this like you would with an HPC to test your ideas and applications. Any thoughts on this? Anyway, I'd better get back to work. Have a great morning. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Hi All, Thank you for your overwhelming support. It certainly helps mine and my teams enthusiasm. There is so much wisdom from backers here and we will do our best to take this on board and simply stay focused on the job entrusted to us. Got some interesting news for you regarding batteries. We have a sample of the 800mAh battery coming soon. It will be a custom battery to get the right shape we need to fit into Zano. On receipt of the sample batteries, we will test and confirm this size can be carried, does not overly adversely affect lift, performance and general flight and its costs per minute of flight makes it worthwhile to you all. No point only offering a minute or so more flight time than the 650mAh battery for an extra 30% in cost. It is looking good that we will be able to offer 350mAh, 650mAh and 800mAh (all custom made in the same footprint) to fit Zano. Onto the motors, You all know the pre-production version has larger motors than Zano. We have been busy in talks with quite a few motor manufacturers and have a number of different suppliers providing samples. We will evaluate all of these for performance and reliability which is paramount to all of us. Right, I'd better get back to it. We are working on the SDK/API integration to Zano itself and expanding the Zano communications protocol to handle new capabilities that have been suggested here and ones we have planned for. We have a 'creating Zano' chapter coming too purely focused on developers so some cool stuff just around the corner. Back to work for me, we are also working on the final mechanical design. Once done, we will release these CAD files. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good afternoon all, To Bo Chen. He backed this project for £1 on the 30th of December. He was refunded his pledge. He has taken a personal vendetta against me, my family and my company. It is not fair, nor justified. Anything he has posted is all in the public domain and not once has he/she actually identified who he/she is. Easy to attack when you hide behind an anonymous user name. Now onto video footage. The campaign videos were shot in September, that footage is 5 months old. we want to give you footage of where we are now, not where we were. We want to represent the technology to the best we can, we are a business. As stated, we have rebuilt a prototype for more development whilst waiting on the preproduction boards. You will get footage of this shortly. I have mentioned this already. We plan to do a short video showing the SDK and talking to Zano to show how easy it is, launching, landing etc all through the SDK with simple one step commands. We also hope to release an alpha SDK soon. It is all happening. This is a massive project, so much is happening behind the scenes. Please appreciate that. Also, I am in contact with a few backers who we will be offering the chance to be the very first to play with Zano when we get the preproduction version back, programmed and tested. How could we be more open? These backers will appear in a creating Zano chapter too as impartial users. Also remember, we have been open and honest about who we are right from the outset. I can't say that about Bo Chen. I'll repeat for anyone who may have missed it. I started Torquing as a small business when I was 14 and living in Australia. I closed this business when I changed fields to another business, which grew into a small company. I left Australia and came to the UK where I started Torquing Technology Ltd in memory of Torquing my business I started and ran for years during my early stages in my career. If I wanted to hide anything, why would I deliberately tie my entire life together? Videos are coming, we wanted to surprise everyone not be harassed into releasing them before we were ready. Even when we do release these videos, baseless accusations will still follow. We also have plans to show Sparrow and Firecrest as they are being built too. My final word on this, because someone can't see how it is possible, doesn't mean it isn't possible, just means they don't know how. That is why intellectual property is so fiercely guarded. Anyway, I won't be responding to these acquisitions anymore. We are simply going to focus on delivering what you all want and what we have promised to do. Yes, videos are coming and soon. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Hi All! Reece here. This isn't normally my space for dialogue. However, I felt compelled this morning to post. First things first. @Creative Apparel. In a past life I was a footballer (soccer player). Obviously not a very good one it seems! :P I only lasted 5 years before hanging up my boots due to injury! I still enjoy a kick with my friends on a Saturday. If you're ever in the Pembrokeshire area, feel free to come down, I'm sure if you bring your boots you'll get a game!! OK. No onto the main point... No matter what we post. There will be criticism. We take time to answer every single comment and message across all of our social media platforms, as well as Kickstarter. It's part of our ethos as an organisation to provide 100% clarity to our backers and supports. You guys have entrusted us to deliver on our promises, you have given us your money, which means to us "We love your idea, we love your product, we believe in you, go make it for us!". That's what we're doing right now. We're working our tails off, day in day out, to ensure that come June we supply you all with the best ZANO it can be. We're not going to get bogged down in mud slinging affairs with a few particular individuals, who may or may not be threatened by ZANO. Perhaps they own their own quad copter business and they see ZANO as a threat? Who knows? It's none of our business. Our business is to provide our backers with the best ZANO experience possible. Anything else is simply a distraction to us. We've got nothing absolutely nothing to hide. If you have genuine questions of our company or it's history, please head on over to the forums at torquinggroup.com/forum/ and we'll be more than happy to answer any questions, in as much detail as you like! As for the stolen laptop incident. I'm not sure if you have ever had your personal property stolen? It's not a nice feeling at all. Especially not when 10 minutes after realising your laptop had been stolen, you were due to be interviewed for a live broadcast! A detective from the Nevada state police was on the scene within half an hour, he filed a police report, which I have requested be posted to me. I will be more than happy to publish this report when I receive it! Any notion that this is not the truth, is erroneous and quite frankly slander. Now... Onto the question on everyone's minds. Flight footage of ZANO! It's coming guys, I promise you. *cough* Creating ZANO Part 6 *cough*. As Marketing Director, it's my responsibility to release footage as and when I see fit. I envisaged Creating ZANO as a video journey, taking you all from the early developments of ZANO, to the progress of our campaign, to ZANOs manufacturing, to delivering your ZANOs to you all in June. So, look forward to Creating ZANO Part 6, which should be released at the end of this month, or early February. I hope this helps! Again, anymore direct questions. Please feel free to e-mail us at <email> . You can also contact us via our forum, Twitter, Facebook or via my own personal Twitter @reece_crowther Thanks! Reece Hi Thomas! Reece here. About 10 minutes before that interview my laptop was stolen off our stand at CES! It was not a pleasant experience for myself and due to this incident of theft, I was quite late for the interview. I made my apologies regarding my lateness, and obviously told the producer why I was late. (My laptop being stolen). There must have been a miscommunication between the presenter and her producer regarding the reasoning behind us not flying ZANO at CES, he obviously blamed the stolen laptop. Bearing in mind, these guys are doing 4 interviews an hour, 12 hours a day, for 4 days straight. I don't blame them at all! As this was a live broadcast, it was quite punctual and fast paced. I didn't have time to clarify the issue. This happens all the time. I am more than happy to clear this all up in a video update on Monday. Thanks for your die-hard support of ZANO! I'd be more than happy to answer anymore of your queries. You can either message flyzano on facebook, <email> or message me directly on twitter. @reece_crowther Hi all, Just a quick response here. Hey David. We have a lot of video content coming your way. Please understand that we have project milestones that we absolutely have to meet to hit our June deadline. We are recruiting at the moment various roles to help with the logistics but until these people start, we are absolutely flat out. Examples of milestones that simply must be hit are finalising the mechanical shape and design, finalising the PCB designs, ordering tooling for injection moulding to name just a few. As we hit these which we are doing well, the natural progression is to provide more content to backers. I ask you to consider, how would backers feel if we provided videos every week and in response to excitement showing every piece of functionality only to miss our June deadline by a month or two. Video content is coming, please see my update earlier today not far below this message. You will see video to answer all your questions but as time permits. We have to set the priority as delivering what we promised in a product and share videos of the process and progress as we move along. Hey Thomas. Thank you. Really appreciate that. Yes, you certainly could 3D print virtually any attachment you want. Be great to keep fingers away from the props more than to stop Zano bumping into things. :-) Hey JP. Thank you. The 3D files will be available soon. We need to finalise the shape then we will release these. About the same time as we send away for injection tooling. Hey Doug. I hadn't actually thought of that. Your quite right, I tend to answer questions there and post updates here. I'll ensure I update the forums too. Thank you. Hey Arnel. Yes, different coloured propellers will certainly be available by June :-) Ok, back to work for me. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good afternoon all, Hey Doug. Ideally the forums for specifics. I'm going to do updates here too but trying not to answer questions here as it is duplicating answers on the forums already. I want to keep backers from Kickstarter who aren't using the forums up to date hence my posts here. Hey Tom. The pre production boards have been orders with all the discussed improvements. We will be providing loads of video of and from these as soon as we receive them and have them working. Remember the prototype used a very different camera to the production version and also smaller less powerful motors. However, I am rebuilding a prototype Zano with special adapters to allow the larger motors to be fitted. It looks very odd but gives me a chance to work on refining internal control configuration to deal with the different motors and weight. Give me a little time but I'll get some footage taken of this flying and doing things during my testing for you all. I've lost 4 prototypes to modifications to date. The density of the boards means some modifications don't work and end up damaging the boards. I've got a few left but we are refining values used in the mods ready to order the parts for our initial build of 500. Hey Sheri. Yes, this will be available. Only a few have asked for this. It won't be an issue. Have a great day folks. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good morning everyone, Let me explain what we are working on. Firstly, as soon as Kickstarter provide us with a list of who paid and who has not, we will contact those who not just to verify they no longer wish to be involved. We will then import all backers into our store and automatically created user accounts on there and assign backers to a special group. That group will have access to accessories at Kickstarter prices. Combined shipping with your Zano in June and also a list of remaining limited editions. Remaining limited editions are those that are remaining after we have allocated preferences to backers that over pledged wanting more than one reward. To sort this part out we are looking to use backerkit or something similar and the over pledges will be allocated limited items chronologically. That is who upped their pledge first will have first dibs on an item. Now apart from LE red, I think this will work really well. I have checked the numbers and I'm largely sure everyone will get the limited edition glow in the dark or Camo Zanos their were after. I don't know yet how many LE red there will be remaining once unpaid pledges are worked out. We do have a small number of LE red for internal marketing so as before, I'm hopeful we can get everyone exactly what they want. We have not yet received the information from Kickstarter so we can not yet start the process however it shouldn't be long until we can so stay tuned. Hey Midhun. I can't answer yet but as soon as we know what items are unallocated, we will see what we can do. Hey Tomy, Hey Nanobot9000, Hey Aziz. Thank you :-) Hey Sheri. The camera will be manually tilt able and I'm hoping to be able to offer a fisheye lens as an option. This would allow you to use effectively tilt the camera remotely but done using windowing through the firmware. Hey John. Love the idea. Could you raise this on the forums. Lots of developers are there and ideas like this help plant seeds of thought for the community. Anyway, back to work. Have a nice morning. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good evening all, I trust you understand that I am not going to respond to negative comments. Hard questions, comments, queries etc, bring them on but someone just stirring trouble is just taking resources to respond too and deal with and we have a strict project plan to adhere too so we deliver on time. Anyway, to positive things. Lots of progress happening. Ok, are you ready for a brain dump? (That's what I call it when I download a load of thoughts in rapid succession) As mentioned production panels all ordered. 3D models of the production boards are being used to finalise the plastic parts for Zano. These will be released as soon as we receive production boards and can verify everything fits. I am rebuilding one of the prototypes for some detailed testing of all the mods, motors, battery etc and to allow us to concurrently refine the SDK and the firmware. We will publish some details (inc video) about the SDK and how it works with Zano as I know developers are very ready for this. We will also demonstrate single command launch, land, hold position etc in video then hopefully publish the alpha SDK soon after to developers who sign up. Also should have various battery options confirmed any day. Carry case designs for Zano look awesome. Refining the specifics with the manufacturer and they actually look better than our renderings. No spoilers but you won't be disappointed. More to come over the next few days. Loads happening here and I thank the genuine supporters, we are still sorting through everything from CES, Reece has an update or two coming to you all. Anyway, I'd better finish for the day. Have a great evening. Ivan @FlyZano Good evening everyone. Been a day or two since I posted here. Just a really simply update for those who may not have read it on the forums. 1. The Production revisions of the boards have been completed, panellised and ordered. 2. When they arrive back we will be visiting Camtronics to get the first 10 production Zano's built. 3. When we take receipt of those first 10, the real fun begins. We program them and then start or rigorous testing, making sure everything including our modifications from the prototype are working. 4. Then we start on the videos and showing you production Zano's very first flight. So stay tuned. We have two video updates coming. The first one is about CES, I am desperate to see this video as I have only seen the content the public has seen on the news etc. Anyway, next wednesday I expect we will receive notification from Kickstarter as to who has not paid for their pledges etc and we can begin the process of surveys and contacting those of you who have pledged for more than one reward. We will also collect more information to allow us to stay in contact with you so we can verify your shipping address closer to June. All in all, lots happening here and even more updates to come. Have a great evening. Kind Regards, Ivan P.S. Sorry to hear you haven't been well Larry. I hope your on the mend. Hi Frederik, Regarding the password reset, there does seem to be an issue with emails and some domains like gmail. We are not sure why and are working on it. If you could Private message Robin who is an administrator he can assist you with this. Hey Dooley. We will send out the survey once Kickstarter notify us as to who has pledged what amount and if they have successfully paid for the pledge. Once we have this information, anyone who hasn't paid will free up their pledges to allow us to re-allocate them to other backers. So we wills end out the survey shortly and then start the process of allocating rewards to backers. Kickstarter states that we need to allow 2 weeks for pledges to be collected and for that information to be available to us. Does that make sense? Hey Yang. Zano is scheduled to ship in June. Thank you for your support. Hey Tony. I can imagine their look the first time they see Zano. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Wow, i go to have dinner and come to 5021 comments. That happened quickly. Hey Aziz. Uh huh, I believe you. Honestly I do :-) (seriously I do). See I've added 3 more comments. Lol. I enjoy the banter so please don't worry. My odd Australian/British sense of humour. Hey Ls. Yes, a nano GPS from OriginGPS. Check out the forum Http://www.torquinggroup.com/forum Hey Aziz. Noted :-) I can take a hint. Lol. Thanks Larry. We will massively expand that site over the coming months. Great to see you on the forums too. 4889 :-) Hey Richard, Hey Aziz, sorry, I didn't see your posts. Thank you to you both. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good morning, Hey Peter, thank you for your post. Really great post and thank you for your support. As Peter has said, we will continue posting updates, Reece and the team are due back Monday and I know they have taken loads of video. Just need to edit it into form then we can publish it. My update yesterday morning is still current, the PCB production revision has been completed and sent off for panelisation. The forums are very active as is the wiki so any questions, please pop there first, the community there has been busy answering questions as have Marcos, Robin and myself. Http://www.torquinggroup.com/forum Http://www.torquinggroup.com/wiki Have a great weekend. Kind Regards, Ivan@FlyZano Hey Chris G. Just to clarify. You as a backer receive; 1x ZANO Camouflage 1x Limited Edition Camouflage Carry Case 2x Batteries 2x Full Sets of propellers 1x MicroUSB Charging Cable 1x ZANOfuel Charging Stick You get two batteries, one for Zano and one spare. Two sets of propellers, one fitted and one spare and all the other items. As mentioned, those were never meant to show on the www.flyzano.com store and have now been taken down again. Honestly, I don't know how they showed up, they were in the database for our management reasons, not for sale. Kind Regards, Ivan Good morning everyone. Thank you everyone for your congratulations but more so for your support. I will head over to the forums shortly, I am blown away by the response to the forums and WIKI, they are so alive and buzzing. Regarding questions and comments, please now use the forums; <url>£2,335,119 in 45 days and that is an incredible achievement. Let me outline what is going to happen now. 1. The volumes for manufacture are high enough now to really bring the cost per unit down to a point where we (Torquing Group) can pour enormous resources behind the functionality, SDK, support, forums, apps, hardware add ons etc. For us the goal was always volume up, cost price down so we can focus on what we do best, that is innovate and give you the very best we can. 2. I have completed the PCB layouts and will now spend the next day checking them thoroughly over before turning them into panels and ordering them on a one week turn around. 3. Upon receipt of the PCB panels, we will deliver these to Camtronics to build the first pre-production batch. This should happen in the 4 week of January. 4. When we receive those first units back we begin testing and double, triple checking EVERYTHING. If this final revision (considering there are loads of changes based on your requests) are perfect, we will sign off and start ordering everything for the 1,000 unit build in April followed by the main build starting in May/June. If we encounter any issues with these first units back, we will modify the PCB's and resubmit, only a two week cost in time but we have plenty of meat in our project plan to allow for this. 5. We finalise firmware and app development along with SDK and continue giving you 'Creating Zano' videos showing you the entire process. So in 6 months time you can start at Chapter 1 and relive the entire 'Creating Zano' process that you all helped make possible. 6. Loads more stuff and we will keep you all well updated. Thank you again from the entire Torquing Group and the Zano Team. You have made this a remarkable experience and really helped energise the team here and at CES. Kindest Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Hey all, Two themes here at the moment I think. 1. The hook or attachment. We can easily add something in, the issue would be the oscillations of whatever you are carrying on a string etc. If mounted firmly beneath Zano this would have little impact on the flight. Zano could easily counter the pendulum effect but it would result in less granular control of position if moving at speed. Imagine you try and stop then the object your carrying, continues, easily countered by Zano but it will affect its behaviour. I'll get something added to the bottom shell to support this. Even if this is just a mounting hole like we are doing on the bottom of the feet. Would that suffice? The other question is about shirts. The items for Kickstarter backers, as a backer, we can make certain things available only to you. If you wanted the shirt later, and I completely understand, we can still ship with your Zano to save shipping. You would need to let us know in the next few months before we order shirts etc and we could accommodate this. Regarding the forums and WIKI. WOW, these are buzzing. Robin from Team Zano has been busy answering SDK related questions too and once I finish the production revision PCB, I will pop on and answer as well. 3 hours to go and nearly £2.3m, this is staggering and it is thank you to you all. I can not express my personal gratitude enough, I love this technology and have been doing it for some time for the Military, Law enforcement etc. However Zano is so exciting for me, the speed at which this community moves and accepts new ideas and concepts is so refreshing and encouraging. This is already fantastic but is only going to get better. Ok, now I really must stop typing and go finish the PCB. Literally down to 7 signals to lay. Nearly there. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Hey everyone. Forum is up and running again. Sorry, there was a permissions error on a file that brought it down. We have fixed this now. Hi All, we noticed an issue with the forum. We are working on it now, sorry for the issue. WIKI is running though as is everything else. As soon as we have the forum working again, we will notify you all. Really sorry for the issue. One quick post. Hey Bernard. Give in, you know you want too ;-) Hey Florian. You could upgrade one of the batteries certainly but we are keen to keep the standard Zano below 60grams for legalities and as we don't have the production version back yet, I can not be certain if the extended battery will push Zano over the limit. Hey Aziz. Really appreciate your comment, thank you. Regarding the forums for everyone, once you log in, under quick links is a 'new posts' section that will show you new posts that you may have missed. This is a great way of seeing where the activity is. Have a great morning. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good morning everyone, Down to the last 6 hours of this campaign and what a campaign it has been. The forums are up and running, the WIKI is as well and the content on both is growing thank you the fantastic Zano community. This is the first time during this campaign that I am going to have to admit defeat on responding to every comment, with over 610 in the last 24 hours, it would take me much of the day so if there are questions here, please move those to the forums and WIKI and help all of us build the community there. I did notice a few comments, negative comments that have been floated around.To me this is really exciting. If some people feel the need to spread rumours that this is all one big scam then that is fantastic news because rumours like that can only come from one place, competitors. This isn’t the first time I have been told what we are doing is impossible. To me that is simply more of a challenge than a statement of fact. When you release step changing technology like Zano and for the price we have done it for, there are going to be a great deal of very unhappy people, certain competitors. We are all for competition on fair and even ground, we innovate, they innovate and the consumer benefits but when some start flinging mud, it shows they have nothing better to say. So as I mentioned, if people are spreading rumours, to me this is fantastic news. Consider from competitors points of view. Zano was launched to the world 45 days ago and in that time Zano has an incredible community, brilliant ideas and suggestions, a charity marathon being organised and on top of that, step change world first technology. How do you counter that if your a competitor that doesn’t innovate, you smear. Now please don’t think I am saying all competitors, we have spoken to some and they are really top people. Genuine and honest like ourselves, believe in open innovation and competition. Some however want what we have built and don’t have it. We (Zano community) are also taking an ethical stand and developing an acceptable use policy and code of conduct. Now there is a few larger UAV manufacturers I think could contribute to this and conversely benefit from this. Anyway, enough about that, we have nothing to hide and are incredibly excited about the entire campaign, Zano itself and what is in store for you all for the next 6 months. Videos, content, photos, more ‘Creating Zano’ chapters. I know we (including me) are eagerly awaiting another video from the Zano guys at CES, I have spoken with Reece who after the first day was exhausted and I know he, Sam, Thomas, Ben etc are doing their best to get that video finished and published. I’m here in the UK, never having been to CES and believe me, I want to see the video as much as anyone. Just a little update, we have the electricians in both yesterday and today installed two 3 Phase 30Amp supplies into our server room for one of our HPC nodes (development). These HPC nodes use serious energy but do delivery enormous processing power. Once that is all installed and built, we have to assemble the node next, I would expect in the next two weeks this should be completed. I will post photos of the HPC node as we power it up and I suspect this will form part of one of the chapters in the ‘Creating Zano’ documentary series. Right, I have only a handful of PCB traces left to lay and I desperately want to get the 3D rendering to you all today. Also, Robin (one of our software engineers) is popping in and out of the forums today to answer SDK related questions. Its all coming together. Have a great morning. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Quick additional update. Hey Ray. Soon :-) Hey Ben. Thank you. Hey Doug. Regarding the links, absolutely. I thought of this as I left the office this evening. We will sort it in the morning. Hey David. Yes, Windows Phone will be supported if not on release, very shortly afterwards. Good evening everyone, The forums have taken off with a blast, some great content already in such a short time. An excellent example and thank you to Simon Chapple for his code of conduct. I can’t stress enough how important it is that we collectively make an ethical stand and show the legislators there is no need for knee jerk ill informed decisions and that sensible communities do exist that wish to use this technology properly. Another huge thank you to everyone who has joined the forum, registered as beta-testers and helping with the WIKI. We (Torquing Group) will work with the Zano community and drive from a technology perspective but need you all to drive Zano from a user and developer perspective. You tell us what you want in Zano and we will do what we can to deliver, this goes for users and for developers. Our SDK is coming along well and when I have the first draft available, we will launch the developer section of the website. Regarding moderators, we will be watching the forums over the coming week and have a list (those of you who volunteered) and will mark people as moderators as you register and post content. Does that make sense? Thank you for volunteering. I am also about to publish an update covering a few things including prices for add-ons. Stay tuned. Give me an hour and this should be up. Hey Zoriel. Regarding the camera, if you wouldn’t mind moving these questions to the WIKI and to the Forum. I would rather people start growing the forum etc by asking these questions there. Is that ok? Hey Sheri. I have something in mind. :-) I need to check with the team though so can’t spoil it yet. Regarding a charging base. We had a proof of concept station for Swift but have not progressed it beyond that due to our commitments to Zano. Hey Doug. Thank you for the Lantronix post. Really nice guys from Lantronix and we have been working with them on projects for 5 years now. Excellent quality embedded connectivity. What more can I say :-) Hey AngusCNH. I have something in mind. :-) Hey Thanos. Regarding the beta-tester. If you saw the page that said thank you, your details have been submitted then we have your details on file. Once we close registration, we will run a sample on the database and get a good spread of beta-testers then notify everyone. Regarding the LE ones, each one will come with a certificate showing model, build date, number and who built it. The serial will be on the certificate and align with the serial marked inside Zano. Hey ThomasDN. WIKI up and running and me thinks its a good idea too :-) Hey Jamie. Regarding microphone, yes there is one. However at the moment we don’t have very good noise cancelling for the propeller noise built into the firmware. This is an important update we will release as soon as we have refined the noise cancelling and have it working to our satisfaction. Hey Voripteth. Regarding avoidance. Zano can easily fly with 1ft (300mm) clearance on any face. Should be able to do much closer flying but I haven’t tried it. It would only involve tuning the avoidance engine to deal with the smaller distance so not hard to configure. Regarding charging. Zano has to gold plated charging pads on the flight frame arms to accommodate automated landing and charging. Hey Peter. Thunderbirds are go! Nigel what are you doing? Are you taking your Zano on this serious mission? Hey V. Thank you for your support. I’ll take your suggestions onboard. I think the next 12 months is going to be very exciting. Hey Mark T. I like the carbon grey too. It was an idea we were playing with. Hey Special. Regarding changeable lenses. I agree, this would be my ideal situation and something I will look seriously into. Hey Doug. Captain slow would be perfect. I like the idea of the social experiment but, I agree with you, doing it to raise money for children’s charities for me is important and what would really encouragement my involvement. Hey Brent. Regarding the SDK. Yes, we have in house developers and are recruiting more to our ever expanding engineering team :-) We will notify everyone about beta-testing when we close the registration. The iPhone app, Android app and Windows app will be developed in C Sharp. Hey Randy. I think its really exciting, both the social experiment and raising money for a good cause. I wonder if the charity that gives kids with cancer and other illnesses a dream come true, I can’t remember the name, would like to get involved too. Hey Mark. Thank you. Low countries? as in further south in Europe? Hey Robert. Regarding ceilings, Zano has IR sensors on the front, back, left, right and top. So is specifically designed to avoid bumping into things above including ceilings. Sonar is used for downwards facing sensing as gives better range. Does that help? Matthew is quite right, to the left and right of the speaker are the IR sensors for the top. Hey Bernard. Excellent, we could make this marathon something really cool. Beautiful place for filming too. If we are able to get constant cellular coverage, we could provide a live stream of what Zano is seeing to the world as it travels. Hey Yannick. Thank you. Really appreciate it. If it helps, I am SO excited myself. This has been a long and exciting road and we are now really building up momentum. The day in January I get those production versions back, is going to see one very happy Ivan :-) Hey Ben. Thank you. The aqua blue could look really cool too, maybe even have a floatation method attached. Hey Doug. My concern about using Zano owners Zano’s is the logistics of organising that many owners. We could perhaps have a few Zano’s running a relay as you say. All special built versions to deal with whatever is thrown at them. Hey Matthew. Regarding the charging. That could be really neat. Heat in the batteries would be my concern though as they do get warm during flight anyway. I’m going to have to do some serious thinking about the logistics of getting Zano’s to fly this distance, what a challenge though :-) I’ll get you those cad files soon, sorry for the delay. I have to get them off the network at work at it’s quite a manual process as you can imagine. Keep up the good work too and thank you for your support. Hey Larry. lol. Have you slept today? :-) Excellent and noted. Thank you for your support throughout the campaign too. Hey Peter. On the fly recharging, I’ll look into it :-) Hey Special. On the fly recharging, that is cool and I’m sure with some thought we can make something reliable. We could build a big UAV with Zano’s smarts in it and this would allow the two to mesh and co-ordinate the dock/undock. Got me thinking now :-) Hey Sinar. I believe someone has posted an answer to your question. If you need further clarification, please let me know. Hey RL. Zano has comprehensive obstacle avoidance sensors so yes, shouldn’t ever crash unless a catastrophic failure occurs. Hey Emmanuel. Regarding your camera questions. Yes the camera is autofocus and the modular camera replace the standard Zano camera not the RGB display though larger camera modules may well replace the RGB display. We may even be able to build a nano gimbal for Zano. Now that would be neat. :-) This is my final evening update whilst the campaign is live. This time tomorrow the campaign will have finished and we move to the next stage. We work like made to get Zano’s for you all and we need your help in building the community on the forums and WIKI. I will continue to post updates here, we will also continue with our creating Zano videos right up to and including when Zano’s ship so stay tuned, this adventure has only just started and we are about to finish chapter 1. Just imagine what the next chapters have in store. I want to say a genuine and heartfelt thank you to you all for your support and enthusiasm throughout this campaign. It has become such a part of my life over the past 45 days. Anyway, if you could help us build the community in the forums and WIKI and we will be releasing developer documentation much sooner than originally planned so stay tuned. We will also release a Zano emulator for developers to start playing long before they receive their Zano. Have a great evening everyone. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Hey all, The WIKI is now up too. <url>’t been able to find loads of footage simply because we haven’t taken loads. As a small team, we are focused on delivery and our in the lab videos will take you all the way through from start to finish. Future 'Creating Zano’ videos will include the first run of Zano being built by Camtronics, then us receiving them, programming and powering them up for the first time. We will step through the entire process including the final creating Zano video which will show the full production run and Zano’s being dispatched. Anyway, I thought you might like these. Swift concept video <url>’t see in our renderings. Remember, these are renderings and won’t show the show, the shoulder strap supports, the stitching etc. We will post real photos of the cases as soon as we receive samples and you will see the differences then. Regarding CES and the next 'Creating Zano’ I believe is coming out soon and is based around Las Vegas and CES. I am looking forward to seeing it too so as soon as it is available, I will let everyone know. I will also post a price list today for the add-ons as promised. Hey Holger. Regarding the battery. They are from a supplier that we have worked with on our Military UAV’s and have consistently produced batteries that meet or exceed their stated capacity even under high load. Zano Batteries are not dissimilar to other LIPO except our batteries are very good quart, have battery protection circuitry in them and are specifically chosen for Zano. They are also custom built to fit the Zano shell. You can buy other batteries that will work but like anything, if you do, we can’t guarantee performance or safety of Zano. Hey Larry. Regarding the selfie angle. It is a marketing thing only. Zano as we all know is exceptionally capable and so much more than a selfie drone. However, to convey the thousands of possible uses just wouldn’t be feasible so we had to pick one and run with it. We picked selfie because of the social network culture and people posting selfies. Selfies is what is hot at the moment in the media so we ran with that angle. We fully expect Zano to become a favourite of outdoor enthusiasts, extreme sports people, people out partying, down at the beach, scenic photographers, inspectors of roofing and gutters etc. All that sort of thing, we had to start somewhere so we started with the selfie angle. Does that make sense? Hey Bret. Regarding manufacturing and shipping. Our project plan allows for the first 15,000 Zano’s to built within 4 weeks. Considering the logistics of shipping pallets of Zanos all over the world. Once we start production, all Zano’s will be built and dispatched very quickly. Does that make sense? I want to echo Laryr’s thoughts, Larry, Doug, Peter, Matt, Matthew and so many more, you have made a MASSIVE difference here and taken such a huge load off me. I scroll through and most of the questions are answered. Thank you to you all. Hey Garvani. Regarding flying down a hallway. Excellent question. Zano will control it’s rate of approach so even if you try and fly like a looney, Zano will slow the flight down and then stop you hitting anything. Zano flies itself, you don’t. You just get the sensation of flight in free flight mode so Zano doesn’t override your controls per say, Zano simply limits your authority when needed. Does that make sense? Hey Kevin. Regarding range, we will release a range extender module. Specifics of which are not defined but this will increase the range to >500m in most situations. Hey Socrates. Regarding the camera, the camera is modular and we will be making various camera upgrades available at www.flyzano.com. Thank you for your support. Hey Robert. Regarding your question about Zano autonomously climbing to maximum altitude, take a photo and video, absolutely. You could even do the same, film a 360 panoramic video then land. Whatever you wish. Hey Logan. Regarding the Creating Zano video part 4. Really glad your enjoying them. We enjoy making them. I expect the next video today or tomorrow. It will be about Zano at CES. Part 5 will be about a small production version of Zano’s being made in January for us to test. If everything is spot on, we can sign off and move to production as soon as the parts arrive. Hey Gareth. Thank you and welcome. The nixie is a cool idea. For me, until we can move away from propellers for flight, wearable drones not in protective cases will be too vulnerable to damage. I don’t wear a watch because I am always getting in caught on things. Maybe it just me and I should stop putting my hands in so many tools and electronics. :-) Hey David. Regarding voice commands, we certainly have the processing power to handle voice recognition. This will probably be an functional update in the future as I agree, it would be cool. Hey Aziz. Well answered regarding shipping costs. We do try hard to be fair and though a standard shipping charge worldwide was the fairest thing to do. For the UK and Europe, we have VAT components to pay as well as the UK/Europe shipping charge help towards the VAT on Zano. For the rest of the world, there is no VAT so the shipping charge covers shipping. Hey schlep. Regarding following you into a tunnel, this shouldn’t be an issue so long as you don’t have Zano flying well above you in which case it will fly above the tunnel and try and meet you out the other side. If the route is blocked, Zano will stop, hold its position and if you loose signal it will land or return to the last known position of your phone. Does that help? The avoidance systems are active at all times. Inside a tunnel it will use calculated relative movement to try and track you. This will keep Zano following you for a period of time before inertial drift either has Zano overtaking you or falling too far behind. I would expect you would have a minute or two of decent following in a tunnel without GPS. Hey Simon. Regarding the pico projector. I think that is such a cool idea. Very sci-fi. A nano drone that can project onto the wall. You really could video conference through Zano then :-) Hey Doug. Regarding LE reds, we have an internal allocation for marketing reasons and I think we will be close. However, I have a few ideas up my sleeve yet. I like your waterproof version. Well water resistant anyway as we could conformal coat all the electronics and do a LE Aqua blue version. Thoughts? Hey David. I like the boomerang idea for toss to launch. Quite doable too. Leave that one with me and keep your eyes peeled for functional updates once you get your Zano. :-) Hey TJ. Most Android tablets, phones, iOS (ipod, ipad, iphone) and we will also soon be adding Windows mobile device support. Hey Michael. Regarding secured WIFI. Yes, once you configure your Zano for the first time, you set the WPA2 encryption key. If flying in a saturated environment, to be honest, I have only ever experienced this at BIG trade shows, you would still be able to fly and task Zano but your video stream to your phone would suffer badly. Local recording would still be ok. Hey LuAnn. Sorry about the tickets. I honestly don’t know what the rules are from CES regarding those as I have never been myself. I’m just a humble engineer locked away in the office. They throw me food and coffee sometimes :-) Hey Jose. Thank you for the link. Hey Jeff. Regarding equipment levels. The standard case is the same shape as the LE cases but made from different material. I have posted links above to our renderings of the standard case. The standard case is a formed high density foam with good zip, shoulder strap support and stitching the same colour as the shell. The LE cases are a fabric wrapped thermo formed rubber with a premium zip, contrasting stitching, embroided logo and a few other really neat touches. Hey Dave. Thank you for your support. My comments are my timestamp so I know what you mean. I just start answering questions until I reach my previous comment :-) Hey Christian. I think your question has been answered. If you need further clarification or have additional questions, please let me know. Hey Doug. Thank you for posting that. Good piece of publicity. I just reached the section in the comments from last night regarding a Zano marathon. I have an idea to put to everyone. I could personally build a special Zano, perhaps Zano-mega and base it on our larger 120g UAV. I could strip out all the weight but leave all the functionality specifically to allow the longest duration flight. Fit it with the biggest battery we can support to get the maximum flight time and we could do the worlds first autonomous flight for a nano UAV from our office in Pembrokeshire to say London as a fund raiser for a children’s charity. I would personally donate my time later in the year (after Zano’s have shipped) to build this custom Zano for the purpose. Obviously Zano would land every 30 minutes etc to have the battery replaced but then would fly autonomously to the next waypoint. We could do this along back roads to avoid causing issues for motorists. Who would support such a charity run? Would make an awesome documentary too. Hey Bryan. Regarding your sites etc. I would like to offer support to any developer or supporter doing such things. We could offer free hosting within our HPC environment and host the sites on the same network as www.flyzano.com. Regarding having separate sites or one site with sections, I guess that is a personal preference. I like having everything in one spot as sub domains. So we could have sdkgroup.flyzano.com, zanomodders.flyzano.com etc. What do you think? Would you also be interested in being a moderator on the forum we have setup? I already have lined up Matthew C as a moderator and I hope he says yes. Hey Mark T. Thank you. Really appreciate it. Hey Yannick. Regarding if you miss out because I post the list a bit late (sorry firstly), secondly, don’t worry. As a backer here, I would ensure prices here are honoured for you even if you want them after the campaign finishes. Sound fair? Hey Randy. What do you think of my charity run expansion on the ideas bouncing around here? Awesome experiment too and any backers here that want to get involved could directly contribute to the project if they wished. Hey Guiseppe. Regarding the camera, sorry I missed your question. The Bebop camera lens itself is about 6 grams in my reckoning. That is 10-12% of the total weight. I am looking into smaller fisheye lenses and then providing similar functions as those you mention. This will probably be a camera module itself as many have expressed the desire to not have a fisheye lens so it provides better photos. Zano already does a digital version of OIS so rather than moving the lens, it moves a digital window within the camera itself based on inertial sensors so the stability should be very good. We will look into OIS camera modules too and make these available on www.flyzano.com Hey Jim. Regarding videos, we don’t have loads but have a look at the various videos here and the ones I posted at the beginning of this response. I know the guys are working on more videos as I have requested this but they are flat out at CES. As soon as I receive any videos, I will post them here. Hey Sheri. Regarding videos, this is a lot easier to keep you focused than with pictures. You can always crop a picture but pictures will be taken using the maximum resolution of the camera so our windowing for tracking you in more detail will be very limited. For videos as 1080p is less than half the pixels of the sensor, we can easily zoom a little and use windowing to keep you in the frame with fairly decent angle changes of Zano absorbed. If Zano is following you, it is less susceptible to smaller gusts so the angle of incline and tracking will be more stable because the inertia of Zano will help. Holding position accurately it does have to pitch and roll to keep position so the tracking could be slightly less effective. Does that help? Regarding zano red, the LE red’s are all gone, that is largely the LE case, FuelStick and goodies. The Zano RED itself will be available with out case, it will be slightly different to the LE version and won’t have the LE certificate for the Zano either but yes, Zano RED will be available if you want to swap a super early £139 from black to red for example. Just not a LE. We have a small internal allocation of stock of each LE for marketing reasons to help fulfil the LE pledges not recorded by Kickstarter. Regarding the regular case, it was meant to be £25 but for Kickstarter backers we will honour our price whoopsie and make these £15. Beyond Kickstarter, all prices will revert to retail with the exception of add-ons for backers here. Hey Logan. I will get the 3D rendering of the PCB up today or first thing tomorrow, just want to finish the layout first :-) Hey Loran. I believe your question has been answered. If you need further clarification, please let me know. Hey Mark. Regarding a module for cellular. I really like this idea. Leave it with me as I suspect this will definitely be a module we will release. LOL regarding the job vacancy. I am however always looking for good software engineers, software developers. I also need a personal assistant. Hey Simon. We have created the ethical forum now, when you register, please add a note and I will get you approved as a moderator. Hey Roger. Thank you, the speed it hit the final goal was incredible. Hey Special. Brilliant, I laughed at your story. really put a smile on my face. The funny thing as I read your comment I pictured a poor lost Zano with a sad face on the display begging for power. :-) Hey Roman. Thank you. Good post too. Hey Robert. Regarding uncompressed photos. You can choose the compression level used by the camera JPEG engine so if you want to turn it off, you can and Zano will store a HUGE image on the SD card but your quite right, the quality would be optimal. Thank you for your support and noted :-) Hey Mark. Regarding the sad look, I see it now. Leave it with me, its just a matter of finding a vertically swapped micro USB socket. Easy fix :-) Hey Matt. Thank you. With the activity here, I suspect the forums will grow quickly and we will need quite a few moderators so the offer is much appreciated and we will likely take you up on that :-) Hey CanadianCoffee. Noted, thank you. Regarding sand, sorry I missed the question. I believe Matthew C has answered this, he is quite right sand should be no problem. The motors are sealed. There are a few openings in the shell for the IR so if you do a lot of flying close to the sand you may end up with a little bit getting inside the shell. Just unclip the shell and blow it out, then put it back together and you should be fine. Wet sand is even better as it is heavier and won’t blow around. Hey Holger. A lottery it is. Three GITD Zano’s will be the prize. We will randomly select 3 beta-tester applicants to win one. Just make sure you are a beta-tester applicant. :-) Hey Peter. Noted, this should be fun. :-) Have a great morning everyone. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Opps, I did it again, my posts are out of order. Sorry everyone. We have definitely hit the limit of the comments section. I am now having to post three entire boxes to fit everything. :-) Have a great evening. The SDK will have full control over virtually everything. You can send messages through the IR sensors, have you got something else in mind? Bear in mind they have to pulsed for short duration otherwise at the power we sink into them, they would burn out if left turned on. So there are limits to what the Zano OS will allow to keep the hardware safe. Does that help? Hey Larry. I’ve onto just got to your message, what am I missing? I saw something about a prank? What are you all up to? ;-) Hey Holger. Oh, a lottery. I have an idea. How about whomever has signed up as a beta tester before the end of the campaign, we will randomly select 3 to get a free GITD Zano. What do you think about that? On the beta tester front, we now have over 2,000 beta-tester applications, still plenty of places. Hey Ken. Regarding nationality. Reece and myself are Australian but are British nationals (says so on our passports), most of our staff and directors are born and bred in Wales and we also employ a very polite gentlemen who is a mexican national. This could be the start of a good joke, An Australia, Welshman and a Mexican all go into a bar……….. When we started this, we though, great, the £125k target, now we can get Zano into production. Then £250k came and went, then 500, 750 and the £1m mark, we were blown away. We hoped but didn’t expect anything like the response we have had. Thank you for your support. Thank you for the post. Hey Holger. Regarding your suggestions, we have the speaker installed already :-) Hey Louis. Lifting lady gaga, that would be an entrance :-) Hey CanadianCoffee. Nono’s for Zanos’. Love it. Hey Tuxzek. We try :-) You would run the battery flat pretty quick though. Hey Joakim. Thank you. We will keep you all well updated beyond the end of this campaign. Regarding another stretch goal. If we hit £2.5m, we will think of something cool for everyone. Hey Thomas. Thank you. Can you expand on your question. I think I understand and if so, yes, definitely. We will also be releasing 3D cad files for all the plastic parts so people can modify them and create all kinds of cool creatures to turn your Zano into. You can also upload and share your creations on www.flyzano.com for other Zano enthusiasts to download and 3D print for their Zano. Hey ksc1333. Yes, a small separate USB battery charger for the spare battery will be included. Hey Michael. Regarding your question. It is handled through Amazon so I would expect the name Torquing Group should be in the transaction and possibly kickstarter. Does that help? Hey Mark. Regarding the LE battery upgrade, I am waiting on confirmation of pricing from our battery supplier. Communication has been difficult with Christmas and New year. I believe everyone is back this week so I am hoping for a response quick smart. :-) The plastic parts will be finished in Matt but the Red plastic itself is going to be VERY close to the rendering. The final look is very much based on both the injection tool but also the plastic used. Hey TimZ46. Your very welcome. Hey Larry. I would say sleep well but I think I have missed that opportunity, so I hope you slept well and nice to see you back :-) Hey Mark. Regarding the USB port, I’m a little confused, sorry. The charging port on the side? Micro USB? The orientation of the socket is fixed by the part itself. I can always look for a different part. :-) Hey Simon. Thank you. I will take you up of your offer. As soon as the forums are up and running, I would suggest we create an ethical usage discussion forum to progress this further. Thoughts? Wow, I think I’m done. If I missed anyone or anything, please let me know. Thank you all so much for your congratulations and support. As I finish this we are now at 10,664 backers. Absolutely fantastic and welcome to all the new supporters too. Have a nice evening and I am keeping my eye on you Larry, you too Mark. :-) Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Hey Walter. Thank you. Hey Marc. Thank you. This is our very first Kickstarter campaign. Many of the team here have backed other projects but this is our first project of our own. Hey Paul. Thank you. Hey Peter, Hey Dooley. Regarding the SDK, typically the SDK refers to Software, your quite right, however as we are support hardware third parties too, Matthew referred to our SDK as our Standard Development Kit covering both hardware and software. I think this is a good call from Matthew as we will provide hardware information too to allow people to build stuff for Zano as well as software. Hey Ben. Thank you. Really appreciate it. Hey Matt. Thank you. Hey Mathis. Thank you. Regarding the range extender, I am planning to allocate one of our engineers to this task as soon as possible so we can have it ready hopefully for June but can’t promise yet. In a month or so, I will be able to update you all on the progress of this. Hey TimZ46. Thank you. Hey Jon. Thank you. If we hit £2.5m, we will think of something cool for all backers. Hey Doug. Regarding stonehenge, absolutely, especially as they don’t let tourists anywhere near it now. Would be a great way of non-intrusive tourism :-) Hey Logan. Thank you. Remarkable how quickly it happened too. I was working away and we were £20k away next thing I noticed we had flown past £2m. Absolutely staggering. Hey Mura. Thank you. Hey Shaun. Thank you, I’m quietly confident ;-) Hey Holger. Neat, did you tell them about Zano? If so, thank you, if not thank you for your support anyway :-) Hey Stevens. Thank you. Hey Simon. Thank you. Hey Peter. I believe someone did pledge for 10 or so in one hit. I hope your boss isn’t watching these comments? ;-) Hey Yannick. LOL. I think the time for being quietly confident has passed. This is incredible and we are all so blown away by the support and enthusiasm from everyone here. Thank you. Hey Midhun. Thank you, all we have done is be responsive, listen, be involved and try and share our passion. It is all our backers that have helped us fly past the £2m goal. Absolutely awesome. The sheer volume of Zano’s going into production which is what this is all about is incredible. True to what Kickstarter stands for, you have all helped Kickstart Zano. Hey Peter. Thank you Hey nanobot9000. Thank you. You are all part of the team, so many ideas here are now part of Zano. It is a better product because of you all. Hey Stefan. Thank you. Hey Dmitri. Thank you for pushing it over the line and for your support. I have been asking for the guys (all at CES) for a video of some more examples for you all. I know they are/have put something together but I haven’t seen it yet. To be honest, the production version is so different to the prototype there really is no comparison. The prototype used a different camera, smaller motors and less refined firmware so its a bit like chalk and cheese. The production camera will give you video virtually identical to that of an iPhone 5 or 6. If that helps? Hey Holger. Thank you. Hey Paul. Thank you. Hey Simon. Thank you. Hey Doug. Thank you, your comment means a lot. Just speaking for myself, I have spent on average 4 hours a day responding to queries and comments and I have done so willingly. You have all chosen to back this project and the least I can do is answer any questions and queries, that to me is just the right thing to do. Hey Piero. Thank you. Hey Rupert. Thank you. We (Zano) will keep you all updated too with little milestone big or small from when case samples arrive, posting photos of that to when pre-production Zano’s arrive and we launch them for the first time. You will all be kept up to date. That is my promise to you all. Hey TimZ46. Thank you, awesome and we are all so delighted. Hey ksc1333. Thank you. Hey Tuxzek. Thank you. Hey David. Thank you, really brilliant and for a company based in the far west of Wales, we are pretty proud. Hey John-D. Thank you. We are on target for June and we will continue to update you as we progress. Once parts arrive, once tooling is made etc. Hold onto your socks because we are now really gearing up. Hey Shaun. Thank you. Really nice comment, much appreciated. Hey Peter. Regarding these comments. LOL. Its my evening reading :-) I started an hour ago and am now responding to your message from 3 hours ago. :-) Hey Miguel. Regarding night vision. This comes in two forms. Near IR which is a visible light camera with the near IR filter removed and a visible light filter installed. Or a thermal imaging camera. Both options will be available as camera modules on the www.flyzano.com site when they are available. Does that help? Hey Logan. Regarding Zano apps and developers building apps that they can charge for. Absolutely. We will very strongly support the development community and make www.flyzano.com the central place for everything Zano related. We will market and promote the store for developers to sell their software, apps, add-ons, hardware etc related to Zano. Good evening all, I’m back, not quite finished the PCB layout today but getting close, only 30 signals left to route, then checking and panellising before ordering. Not long now. If it is of interest, I could post a short video of the 3D rendering of the new circuits? Hey Simon. Thank you and really appreciate the support. The risk to our IP is enormous and we have had so many big players approach us already about licensing our technology, we have to protect it so carefully. Hey Garvani. Welcome :-) Hey Mark T. Regarding us not flying Zano at CES. Yes, good question and I am happy to explain. We are perfectionists and if we do a demo that goes wrong, we will never live it down so we would rather not do a demo. We have solid prototypes that work beautifully when we are operating them. Zano also runs on 2.4GHz and in EVERY trade show I have ever been too. 802.11b/g/n on 2.4G is so cluttered it is useless. On top of that, the risk to our intellectual property is huge. The prototypes do not have the Zano OS fully secured and as such, it is easy to download. Until the production Zano OS is ready, the full code protection features can not be enabled. Imagine if we sent a fully live prototype and it got lost/stolen? Everything we have worked so hard on could be gone in an instant. Our reputation is at risk if we do a bad demo, our business is at risk if we loose a live prototype. I keep those in a safe at the office and they are signed out and back in be me :-) Does that make sense? Hey Joakim. Final stretch goal, that is a good idea. Leave that one with me. Hey Juan. Regarding a range extender, absolutely. We will be build and release a range extender that should provide better than 500m in most situations. Zano can fly with or without any communication though the software failsafes will by default engage if loss of signal and return to home. Using the SDK you could send Zano on a fully autonomous long range flight. Hey Special. Thank you for the post. Always nice to see. Hey Doug. Regarding the weight of the RGB display, I recall it is only 3 grams. So around 6% of the total weight. Not significant. Hey Logan. Regarding the IR leds, point to point as in one Zano to another, you easily get better than 8 meters. Is that what you are referring too? Hey Bosco. Regarding a plastic film, Shaun’s response is quite correct. One of the issues with something like this is the openings for the sensors, IR and Sonar to work. Anything in the way would have significant impact and would reduce their sensing distance ability. Exactly as Shaun has stated. The best thing is conformal coating which provides a water proof barrier over the electronics themselves without any impact on the sensors. Hey CanadianCoffee. Thank you. :-) Hey LuAnn. Thank you, have you received an answer to your email? I know Anna has been on top of emails for the past few days with Reece in the states at CES. Hey Derek. Regarding ZanoFuel. I will publish a list as an update before the end of the campaign with the add-on items and their prices. Hey Daethstar. GPS locations tend to follow a figure 8 throughout the day. If you compare a GPS location from one hour to the next they do move, if you compare it 24 hours later, the accuracy will be within +-1m as Bosco has mentioned. Hey Ken. Thank you. What is next for Zano? Firstly we are going to be very busy getting Zano into production, beyond that, we are planning a step change in functionality capability for Zano, no spoilers just yet :-) Hey Matthew. Thank you. Regarding conformal coating. Our EMS I believe is back at work so I will ask the question tomorrow about the cost of conformal coating 12,000+ Zano’s and see if this is possible. Hey Michael. Thank you. Hey Ratio. Well done! They do pop up from time to time. Hey Mark T. Thank you. Hey Special. Thank you, really appreciate it. I am very focused on completing each milestone and will continue providing updates to everyone as we progress. Getting really exciting now :-) Hey Barry. Thank you. Really nice comment. Hey Sheri. Regarding the clam shell, the price for the standard case is £25. Hey John. Regarding the Zano distribution. When we get the Zano world map live and people start registering their Zano’s, if they choose to share the general region (nothing specific, just town, city etc) then that will be fascinating information to see the map update over the days as people receive their Zano’s. Hey Andreas. I think someone else answered your question, if you need further clarification, please let me know. HEY EVERYONE!!! Wow, £2m target hit and smashed. I was working away quietly on the Zano production circuit, swapped back to this window and my jaw hit the floor. WOW. The support, enthusiasm and encouragement is enormously important and has been so critical to this campaign. I have been scanning the comments and thank you all so much for your congratulations. The congratulations should go out to everyone. With the number of Zano's we will now produce for our first run, means we can now get the cost low enough and really focus on functionality. We are working on the SDK at the moment and for developers, a Zano emulator so you can test your Zano SDK connected app and program against it. Unity3D for gamers will be supported too right from the initial release as the emulator is going to largely use Unity3D for the graphics. I will come back later and respond to any questions, if you would excuse me now, I am in the final hours of the Zano flight frame revision and being the insanely focused individual that I am, I want to get this finished so tomorrow I can review and check it before sending them off to be made. Things are really going to start coming together quickly now. Before I go, a genuine and heartfelt thank you to you all for backing this project, backing us and this campaign. We have so many things planned, new videos, updates etc that we will continue keeping you all very well informed well beyond the end of this campaign. We are aiming to have the forum up and ready tomorrow so I will post an update about that when it is ready. Have a great afternoon all. The guys are at the stand now in CES and I wish them all the best. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good morning everyone, What a day yesterday. I know Reece was flat out until just before midnight talking with the press etc and 584 backers joined this campaign yesterday. We have the forum up and running but will launch it in a day, we want to do some more testing and refinement but it is all but there. Right, down to business and to answer your questions. Hey Peter. Thank you for raising this. Regarding the production units, we expect to have the loaded PCB’s back mid to late January. From there will adjust the 3D models, print them and test fit. Once happy these 3D models (from CAD) will be sent away to have the tooling made for injection moulding. This tooling takes 60 days and another week for us to have samples back. Once we have samples back, we will build the first 20 or so Zano’s and then start releasing LOADS of videos and photos to you all. These will be the production units and the only fair way of showing Zano’s capabilities. Remember everything else so far has been on and from prototypes with less powerful motors, different camera to the production units, less refined flight control and video stabilisation algorithms. Our time line shows us receiving the plastic parts end of March to early April we will release photos of production units. This is about the same time the first 1,000 Zano’s will be built. This will help refine the production process before full production begins in May to ship in June. We can release photos of the 3D printed shells in January before we send away for tooling and this will give you all an excellent indication of the final product. Does that make sense? Hey Tuxzek. Regarding payload. I can estimate this but we have not got the pre-production versions back yet, we have been doing all our work with the prototype units. The two are quite different in that the production units have 30% more powerful motors and this is a substantial increase in lift. I would say 30grams for production unit to lift wouldn’t be unreasonable. Regarding the old logo turtles, absolutely you could. Some code would be required but as the SDK will support everything from web sites on PHP/ASP to Unity3D and native iOS, Android and Windows apps, it shouldn’t be too difficult. Hey Bryan. regarding first person view, as in seeing what your Zano is looking at, yes, this video will be presented on your phone/tablet screen within 100ms of actually being taken so very quick. Hey Mark. Regarding the extra footage, I have I promised asked and chase the guys for this. You will get to see more footage. Hey Simon. Really good point about an ethical stand. I really like that idea, leave it with me and I will get that worked into the forums and www.flyzano.com generally. Hey Larry. Regarding a review, not sure if this helps; <url>’t find a direct WIFI capability comparison of smart phones. Sorry. Hey Mura. Thank you. Hey Mark. You certainly could. To make room though the RGB display would need to be detached and from there assuming your cellular device supports SPI and can run on +3.3v you could easily integrate it in place of the RGB display. Really neat idea. Hey Sair. Regarding a dock for the battery, yes a charger will be provided to allow charging of the spare battery with all Zano’s. Hey Holger. Regarding 345 comments, incredible. I’m glad not all are asking me questions :-) I love the general chatting that goes on in here. Hey Varun. Regarding the 800mAh battery, I have not yet confirmed this size will be suitable, the 650mAh certainly will be. Once I get the production Zano’s back, I can run a series of flight tests with the 800mAh and make sure performance of the flight system is not adversely affected. To upgrade to the 650mAh or the super big one that I have yet confirmed, you will be able to do this anytime before we ship using the survey at the end of this campaign. Hey Ulrich. Neat. Thank you for posting this. Hey Michiel. Regarding the following me settings, no worries, I’m glad we could find a solution. Really looking forward to seeing videos from all the Zano users, the ones you want to share obviously, as it will be a huge buzz for us to see Zano doing all manner of cool stuff all around the world. Hey Simon. Hope you had a nice holiday and thank you for your support. A pico projector? On Zano? Hmm, I’ll have to do some thinking about that one. Regarding indoor flying. We are going to create indoor beacons that broadcast their location to Zano so it continuously gets absolutely position information as it flies around internally (say your home or office) That would do what your after? Voice recognition is something we certainly have the processing power to do, maybe as a future functional update we could build this in. Hey Special. Thank you for posting that. It is looking good for that final goal to fall today. Very exciting. Hey Mark. Thank you again for keeping your spreadsheet up to date. Hey Brogan, Hey Kai. Regarding the Fuelsick, only LE bundles include the ZanoFuel and even the red LE version is the same price as the black and white. There is no cheaper options available. The super early bird price was our break even cost if we hit the £125k mark so they are crazy cheap considering what you get. The Fuelstick is available (a different version to the LE) after the campaign at a higher price than it is if getting the LE bundle. Does that make sense? Hey Bosco. Regarding the cellular module. I know the one you are referring too. Unfortunately there just isn’t room. The current GPS is 10mm * 10mm and that is a squeeze :-) If we make a cellular module as Mark has also suggested, we could make this a swap out module for the RGB display and then it is certainly possible as the display is 23mm*23mm so could fit the cellular device. Hey Roger. Thank you. Yes, the RGB display is 100% programmable. There will be a pixel art designer and you will be able to download artwork others have created and shared through the www.flyzano.com site using your ZanoApp. This display supports 100fps and can store internally 250 icons and Zano can store an additional 57000 icons. So you could play animations, normal icons or whatever artists can think to do with it. Hey Jeff. Regarding time lapse, that is a neat idea. Should be quite easy to implement. Thank you for mentioning this. Hey Caleb. Regarding the LE ranges, if you take into account the bundles of two LE (say two camouflage) you get typically 1100 LE of each one. When we put the first notification about the LE, we miscalculated and said 1,000 not 1,100. I think one LE range has 1,200 but that is it. We have a small internal buffer stock reserve for marketing reasons so if needed, we can dip into those to fulfil backers requests. The primary thing about the LE ranges is they will never be re-produced, we have done them for Kickstarter and we will never make the same units again. The Kickstarter business model doesn’t allow the selection of more than one reward because technically you are backing a project not pre-ordering a product. As such, we work with every backer to get them what they are after at the end of the campaign and as I have mentioned before, if we are short on LE red because more people want them than units are available, we will contact all LE red backers to see if any of them want to take us up on a free upgrade or swap to another LE version. If they do, that free’s up LE red that we can allocate to other backers. Make sense? There is no hard or fast way to do this, all we can do is continue to be open, honest, communicate with our backers and work with everyone to find a solution that gets you all the Zano’s you have asked for. Does that help? Hey Roger. Regarding shipping date. To produce the huge volumes of Zano’s we need to, production will occur in colour batches. Black is the single most popular, followed by white, then red etc. So we will produce say 1000 black, 1000 white, 1000 red then perhaps the Camo and GITD then loop around again. We will pallet up Zano’s and ship to each country where our shipping agent will break the pallet into individual shipments and ship directly to you all. For us there is no order per say, its about being efficient in production which is how we can get the cost down. It is also the only way to handle the logistics of something this size. Does that make sense? Hey Kai. I believe I answered your query above? If you need further information or have any questions, please let me know. Hey Sir_Celica. Regarding follow me without the phone. We are going to release a range of tags and bracelets that you can bind to your Zano and Zano will follow that bracelet or tag much as you have suggested. Does that help? Hey Sheri. Regarding a 2.5m stretch goal. I’d love too but honestly we have been thinking hard and any goal we create, we want ALL Zano backers to benefit. Most of the ideas we came up with were for things like the follow me bracelet but that would be an additional cost and not fair to put as a stretch goal. If we hit 2.5m, we Torquing Group, will find some way of showing our appreciation to all our backers, something all backers benefit from, not sure yet but we do love a surprise :-) Hey Larry. lol, are you tired? Hey Walter. Thank you for your support. Hey Dave. Regarding beta-tester sign up, you will receive notification when we close and review the sign up requests. This will be automatically and a statistical sample with some weightings will be gathered to ensure we have a good spread across the globe. Does that make sense? Hey David. A reward, does ‘Thank you for your support and enthusiasm’ count? Hey Stefan. Regarding beta-testers. If you wouldn’t mind seeing my response above to Dave. Does that make sense? Hey Roberto. Thank you for being involved from so early on, 19th is within the first hour or two of the campaign I think. Really appreciated. Hey Matthew. £3m, we could probably conformal coat every Zano. It would require those sorts of volumes to get the price down. Hey Paul. Thank you for being involved from number 40, thats cool. Really appreciated. Regarding a friend flying Zano too, yes, very definitely. The mesh networking will connect the two so you will see on your map, where other Zano’s are in your vicinity and Zano’s will interact natively too to avoid each other and avoid colliding flight paths etc. Hey Thomas. 10,000 Zano’s in the air, what a sight to see. Imagine the droning noise, like a swarm of bees. Hey Creative. Neat post. Lithium based batteries are still the one of the lightest reliable energy storage mediums we have at the moment. We have looked into a gas turbine powered UAV (Quad) that could fly for >5 hours and is powered from liquid fuel. No reason compressed natural gas couldn’t work too except I recall there are issues around compressing natural gas. LPG can be compressed. Anyone here want to comment? Can you compress natural gas to liquid form? I guess > 1000 PSI? Or a Fuel Cell powered device but again, weight is our killer. Given time, I know these issues will be solved. Hey Mark. Thank you for your support and I know you will enjoy the GITD :-) Hey Mike. Thank you for being involved from so early on, that is still very early day 2 I think. Hey Peter. Thank you for your support, I have noticed how many questions you and others have been answering, it really helps me, thank you. I logged on this morning and my jaw dropped. 345 comments yesterday and already 40 something today. The help and support from this community has allowed me to actually respond to all the questions aimed directly to me. Thanks everyone. Hey Creative. Thank you. We took a moral point when we launched Zano in that the hardware will be current for years and that updates would be done through software. You wouldn’t have your Zano becoming obsolete within months because we have released a version 2 etc. That meant everything that was reasonable had to be included in the hardware so we could meet our promise. Now virtually every square mm of the board is used, virtually no space remains and nothing else needs to be added to the standard Zano to allow us to keep our promise to you all. The rest of the directors here at Torquing Group are the same as me, we make a promise, we will stand by it and make it happen even if it hurts us. This isn’t that dramatic but I hope you get my point. We genuinely believe in doing business fairly. We want our suppliers to want to do business with us because we are fair, we want our customers to get a good and fair deal and if we promise something, we will do whatever is required to deliver. We are a stubborn bunch but genuine, hardworking and honest. Your comment is really supportive, thank you. Regarding coming back to you. You can do either. Return to a dynamic point which is you, or return to a fixed safety point such as the shore line. These options will all be easily configurable through the app. Hey Lukas. Regarding the case, yes, I will publish a list of extra’s tomorrow I hope which will include batteries, propellers, fuel sticks, cases etc etc. Hey David. Thank you. The DJI guys are really nice guys too, we have had some direct conversations with them. I genuinely wish them all the best and say keep up the good work. Regarding floatation. We are putting little mounting holes into the base of each foot of Zano. You could quite easel attach foam pontoons to Zano. If you keep them small it shouldn’t mess the flight characteristics up too much but would provide buoyancy in case of splash down. Regarding the 2M goal, actually this will impact every single Zano user as your Zano will be able to interact with Zano’s you encounter such as avoiding each other and other cool functions we will build in. Hey Pietro. Regarding video by Zano, much of the video using in the campaign videos is from Zano. Have a look and you can see the video from Zano and the videos of Zano. I have asked the guys for more video from and of Zano, I know they have/are putting something together but they are all on the CES stand all day today. As soon as I have the video, I will get it posted. Hey TimZ46. Regarding Red Zano, probably not the red you see now, but a red will likely become mainstream. We are toying with the ideas of other colours but it will be in response to demand from you all. Hey Beezhan. A really good 3D Axis gimbal will be better, I would expect for lateral movement than Zano, this is also down the generally superb camera’s you can use on such gimbals but Zano will be better at dealing with vibration and rapid movements in all axis as Zano digital stabilises the video stream making use of onboard sensors. Does that help? Zano is tiny, keep that in mind :-) Hey Randy. Regarding MYO. I sure hope so. This is very possible and we would hope developers out there will take on this challenge and build an interface for MYO. Also various VR headsets would be equally easy to connect. We are very supportive of the development community and will support developers integrating all these kinds of neat gadgets. Regarding competing against each other, the mind boggles, there are so many Hey Nicholas. Regarding purchasing of more items, yes, the www.flyzano.com site will go live immediately after this campaign finishes and will have all the standard extra’s available there. We can ship these with your Zano in June to avoid additional shipping charges. Hey David, Hey Randy. Regarding Unity3D. One of my developers here lives and breathes Unity3D and is delighted at the thought of building the SDK to support Unity3D. So the answer is definitely yes, this will be supported and fairly early on. Hey LuAnn. Regarding tickets. I honestly don’t know. I have never been to CES myself and am back in the UK with my team. You could try emailing <email> and asking the guys. I believe Anna will respond but she can contact Reece and the team in CES. Hey David. Regarding raw footage. I have asked for some and I know the guys have/are putting something together. Sam, our videographer who has all the footage is also at CES and I know they are all on the stand all day today. I will continue to try and as soon as I Get something, we will get it posted. Hey Jamie. Regarding flying below the starting altitude. Yes, absolutely. The altitude bar on the right hand side of the app has a negative control too of about 40% of the positive. So you could fly off the edge of a cliff or bridge and look at a birds nest or whatever. Regarding dodging a football. 1. Zano runs obstacle avoidance depending on the situation between 100 and 1000 times a second. If it was ramped up with maximum gain, it could sense a football from 1.5m away. 2. Now depending on the speed of the football, anyone help here? 3. How long would Zano have to respond? I would think a football is limited to say 64kph/40mph? That is 17m/58ft a second. 4. Zano’s maximum speed is for argument sake 40kph/25mph, so Zano would have less than a 1/10th of a second to move out the way. 5. Considering if a direct collision course was assumed, the size of a football from end to end is say 300mm (1ft), taking half of this is 150mm, Zano’s maximum ability would be to move 1m in that time. So technically yes this is possible assuming my assumptions are close enough. Would take a bit of fiddling with avoidance to get the worse case scenario working but technically, yes. Have a great morning everyone and as always, thank you for your support and enthusiasm. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Additional item for John Gorst. Sorry I filled to comments boxes and it clipped the final part of my response. Hey John. Regarding SD card management. I like your suggestions, as you say, we have not yet fleshed out the specifics but your suggestions seem ideal. We will provide a preview of videos from the SD card to the app after flight too so you can decide if you want to rerun the flight and video or photo. Much the same process as you do with modern SLR or smaller digital camera’s. The video will be MJPEG from Zano as this allows us to perform all manner of higher compression level filters etc over the content but if you want the best quality video, this will be stored natively on the SD card. From there, the app will allow you to stream this content over WIFI from Zano and re-compress into any of the standard formats and save onto your phone, or upload to the HPC if you wish, its your choice. Does that help? Good evening everyone. As I write this we are just about to bump over the £1.9m mark, this is incredible and thank you to all of you for backing this project. By reaching the manufacturing volumes we are now reaching, we are really reducing the cost per unit and that allows us to pour the extra resources into functionality for you all, allowing us to build the really cool stuff that everyone wants sooner and get it in your hands sooner via an in app functional update download. Regarding merchandise. We have had a chat and absolutely will offer a Zano Kickstarter backer shirt and caps. We will publish this on the add-on list before the end of the campaign. You can pick your size etc and we will work on the artwork over the coming weeks and get all your votes on which artwork to run with for the shirts. You will be able to select the shirt on the survey at the end. You will need to adjust your pledges by the cost’s or if you miss out, just let us know and we can sort out the specifics with you at a later date. How does that sound? The conversations going on here are fascinating and I almost get lost reading them and realise, oh yeah, I have to respond. I am stunned by the level of enthusiasm from this community. You have all helped form Zano and help give us the energy to really push the boundaries even more than we have. I’m sure I have missed some questions below, if so, please prompt me. I have looked but can’t see what I have missed. Hey Sinan, Hey Peter. Thank you, very much appreciated. Hey Peter. It is very exciting. I love creating technology especially robots. That is my personal passion and I have been working towards this sort of technology since I was 7 when I first started programming because I wanted to build a robot. Then at age 11, I wrote my first command line interpreter (the command line in DOS), then a multitasking GUI all in assembly before I was 12. All of this was me exploring robotics and embedded systems. To be at this point on Kickstarter after more than 4 years of blood, sweet and tears in the research and development of all our UAV prototypes before Zano, it is personally so amazing to me to see so many people as excited about this technology as myself. We (Torquing Group) have enormous task ahead to take Zano from where it is into full production and all the hurdles we will have to get passed but as a team we have proven to each other that we are in this for the long haul and we are so excited about the first shipment of Zano’s leaving ready for dispatch followed very shortly thereafter by another batch, then another until all 10,000+ Zano’s have been dispatched and delivered to the incredible Kickstarter community. Hey nanobot9000. The bebop is cool and I wish them all the best. I think Zano is my choice but I may be a little biased ;-) Good post of the article, thank you. Hey Florian. Thank you for your support. Hey Thomas. Regarding functional updates for beta-testers, I would expect on average 1 to 2 a month. Somebody beat me to it, initially more as a guess but over 12 months I would expect an average of 1 to 2 a month. Regarding linking Zano too heavily to the internet. Fair point. The only requirement for internet access is to register so the app can download the encrypted firmware and encrypted functional updates. Without a user account, you wouldn’t be able to download this information through the app. The linking of Zano the an account is only so we can track who has what updates and provide this information to developers so they can see their target market has a spread of 22% with x update, 13% with y etc. Does that make sense? I appreciate your comment and beyond that process, internet access is not required in anyway. Does that help? Hey Gedney. Regarding indoor flight, I think someone beat me to this one too, yes, very much. Zano relies on other sensors when GPS is not available to provide indoor flight with the same gesture control. Hey Jamie. Regarding beta-testers, the testing is for firmware not hardware so will be done using full production Zano’s as of June. We are expecting to randomly select a few people to help test pre-production units but this has not been confirmed yet. You will need to be registered as a beta-tester to be considered for this. Does that help? Hey Nick. Regarding batteries etc. Every Zano has two batteries and two sets of props (one is fitted). Does that help? Though I am sure someone beat me to answering this one ;-) Thanks everyone. Hey Stefan. Regarding the transaction, if it does fail, I would expect we would be notified too, if that happens we can always sort something out via paypal or amazon payments etc. We will always do what we can to be flexible. Thank you for your support too. Hey Special. Hey Mario. Regarding the question of flying off a cliff. Special, you are very close. Zano uses a voting system much like the neurons in your brain. Whatever the majority vote is wins. So if more than 50% of the sensors say one thing, the other sensors are captured and tracking values are reset to follow this. So if you fly off a cliff the ground below Zano has dropped away and the voting system would say that Zano has not actually dropped in altitude so the sonar would be ignore and Zano would rely on the other sensors for altitude control. Hey John. Regarding you have pledged for LE Red but want a Black Zano instead of the red one? I don’t see why not, please make sure you communicate this on the survey and we can sort that out for you. Hey Giampaolo. Regarding repairs? Zano is largely assembled without the use of tools so most parts can simply be unclipped and replaced. All spares, upgrades and add-ons will be available at www.flyzano.com. In the event of a motor failure, you remove the feet that gold the motor, the two motor wires are soldered under the foot, anyone with a soldering iron can replace these very easily. Everything else can be done by hand. Does that help? We will also make videos showing how to do various repairs and publish these on the www.flyzano.com site. Hey Peter. Zano stand is running until thursday. There is a big press event today so we should see some more publicity regarding Zano soon. :-) I believe the official ‘public’ opening of the show is tomorrow and its press only today. Please correct me if I am wrong, that is my understanding. Regarding the other drones we are releasing. Two (firecrest and sparrow) are 120gram platforms and are targeted towards special high reliability users such as police, fire, rescuer etc. Swift is the same size as Zano but will be a hardened and secure version really targeting portable police, rescue and military units. They are all based around the core Zano OS but with variations specific to each usage such as cryptographic enhancements for police communications etc. Imagine a hostile situation and you can send in 10 Swifts to survey the area before police risk their lives. That is our thinking but at the moment, the others will come but not yet, our priority is 100% Zano. That will come first. Regarding charging batteries, we will provide a small USB charger that plugs into the ZanoFuel for charging the spare battery. This was an after thought but necessary so we will provide one. Hey John. Great post, thank you. Hey Roger. Regarding filming behind a jet ski. I think someone answered this one too :-) but safe to say, you set a safe point on the shore line so when the battery is flat etc it will automatically return to that point and wait for you. Does that help? Hey Angus. Regarding Swift, Sparrow and Firecrest. These will all come after Zano, all of these are based on the Zano technology but the other UAV’s are focused at different markets where they require hardening to withstand harsh usage such as police. They are much more expensive to make and are not available until after Zano has shipped. We will then start working on the production release of the other UAV’s. We have done a great deal of work on these others too but they are not consumer UAV’s. If you wouldn’t mind seeing my comment earlier in this post about their application, I think it will make sense. Regarding a beta tester, no, we want every level of Zano user to be a beta tester. It is the best way for us to get feedback about the experience from everyone from young adults, parents, grand parents, outdoor enthusiasts, pub enthusiasts, etc etc. Hey Special. Regarding adjustable dampening of the virtual tether, that is a great idea. Really nice idea and thank you for raising this. Hey John. Regarding SD card management. I like your suggestions, as you say, we have not yet fleshed out the specifics but your suggestions seem ideal. We will provide a preview of videos from the SD card to the app after flight too so you can decide if you want to rerun the flight and video or photo. Much the same process as you do with modern SLR or smaller digital camera’s. The video will be MJPEG from Zano as this allows us Hey Larry. I will put together a price list of items and publish before the end of the campaign :-) Old lollies down the back of the sofa don’t count ;-) Hey Michiel. Regarding your question about following path. I think Special answered it with a suggestion. If we allow an elasticity setting or almost a hysteresis setting so you have to move more than a certain amount before Zano follows, would this accommodate what your thinking? Zano would naturally turn to face you but would you want Zano holding its course and you Zig Zag in the field of view of the camera? We could apply the same hysteresis setting to direction if you like. Really good idea about different follow me settings, we could use this to provide default configuration to the follow me engine. You can customise these profiles to better suit your usage. Does that work for you? I know, very exciting, thank you for your support. Hey Larry. Regarding which phone/tablet has the greatest range, I don’t know. I have tested a few but certain couldn’t comment on the majority of devices. The range extender will certainly solve the problem. Perhaps some reviews of the various phones/tablets discuss the WIFI range of them. The best WIFI range is what your after. Hey Sheri. Regarding an outdoor party. Most objects would trigger avoidance if close enough, I would expect hanging cords etc would however if the lights are emitting Infra-red the tracking system inside Zano that tracks ambient levels may be overwhelmed and not be able to detect any reflection. I am working on an algorithm to deal with this so it should be ok even in that situation. Hey Holger. Regarding QI charging, I will have a look, thank you. Hey CaffeineJunkie. Regarding swarming. Your Zano’s will swarm together as you have suggested. Regarding the second part of your question, let me expand a little on this. Swaming is a feature Zano will have where ALL Zano’s in range of each other will share information about speed, location, direction, battery life etc. This is so they can mesh together and swarm (if all yours) or avoid other Zanos or programmed paths of other Zano’s. This also allows the bracelet follow me idea as discussed earlier. This functionality also supports places like schools having a Zano mesh transmitter that transits NO ZANO commands and Zano’s will not power up in the vicinity of the beacon. I believe this sort of functionality is important to protect privacy. These will be carefully controlled and cryptographically secured. Does that help? Hey Boris. Regarding wind speed, I like this idea. We had a similar suggestion a while back and it is something I am thinking about how to implement. Such as loss of horizontal position could force a controlled land. Thank you for raising it. Hey Byron. Regarding glow in the dark during the day, I can try, we are short on time though. The GITD plastic during day is very slightly green off white. It mainly looks like an opaque white plastic with a tiny green hint. Do you mean landing lights being overwhelmed? The landing lights and the RGB display are bright, if at full brightness they are dazzling if you stare into them so I wouldn’t worry about them being overwhelmed. :-) Good question though. Thank you for your comment, really appreciate it. The GoPro is pretty awesome and it depends on what your expecting really from Zano. If your phone camera does the job you want then Zano will do what your after. If your after QuadHD at huge FPS then you would be best with GoPro. I know the guys have put together a video of lots of footage from and of Zano, I haven’t seen it yet but I believe it will be available soon. Hi Sinan. Regarding thermal imaging, we are going to provide a long wave thermal imaging add-on through www.flyzano.com. This won’t be included as standard. Regarding thermal imaging export control. Check our the data on the FLIR LEPTON, I am not aware of any export control issues on this device but if it is subject to control, then we will restrict shipping to countries that the UK will allow. Thank you for raising this, good point. Hey Zoriel, Hey ksc1333. Regarding the standard carry case. We have a rendering of it, I will chase the guys to see if we can get this uploaded. I know they are flat out at the moment at CES so I can’t make promises but we will do our best. Hey John. Thank you. Hey Piero. Regarding internet connection, no, this is not required for Zano to work. Once a Zano is bound to your phone, you would operate for years without an internet connection. Regarding lost/stolen. This would be reported by the app next time the phone was connected to the internet but it isn’t required to operate Zano. Zano is very easy to operate in the middle of nowhere with no signal as it will create its own WIFI hotspot for you to connect too. Hey Usdisney. Regarding the £139 pledge. All Zano’s even the LE will be shipped in a very nice white wrapped two piece slide apart cardboard box much like high end smart phones with formed foam insert. These will be vacuum wrapped. If you bought a bundle with a case, the case will shipped together with your Zano to you. We haven’t skimped on anything so the Zano’s by themselves are all packaged very carefully and will transport without any issues. Hey Peter. Thank you, that is such a nice post and comment. Much appreciated. Have a great evening everyone. Thank you so much for your support. We are now at £1,909,932 and over 10,000 backers. This is remarkable and I know I have said it before but thank you to each and every one of you. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good morning everyone, The video from CES looks fantastic. As Reece has asked, could we please ask you all to share and tweet about Zano and get the word out. Lets topple that final goal! Hey TimZ46. Regarding replaceable motors, absolutely and quite easily too. Hey Mura. Zano has a built in charger circuit. All you need to do is plug in a standard micro USB cable (supplied) and Zano will start charging. Hey Thomas. Regarding motors, they are changeable and replaceable and quite easily. The main difference with LE is the case, correct apart from Camo and Glow in the dark which have different colour PCB’s and special shells for Zano. Hey Bryan. Regarding the videos etc. I know the guys have put something together, I haven’t seen it yet myself. As soon as I get it, we will publish it. Hey Matt. Regarding the price list for optional extra’s. I will compile this shortly and double check it with my team. Once everyone is happy I will publish it. Sound good? Hey Doug. Really good idea about the video. We will what we can do and your quite right, no competitor can answer that. Regarding the T shirt, we thought about it initially but didn’t think many people would want one. We could make the same shirts with Zano Backer. This is well outside my remit so will have to defer to others in Torquing for this one. When I hear back, I’ll post something. Hey Arnel. Regarding following Zano. Technically this is quite possible and easy to implement. Hey Sheri. Regarding the clam shell case for the super early bird, your quite right, it isn’t included. That price was our break even point if we hit the £125,000 mark so it just wasn’t possible. The Clam shell case is £25 normally, there is a bundle where it is included and we made a calculation error and only charged £15 for it but have honoured that price for the bundle. Hey Brent. Check out 123Catch by Autodesk. Is that what you are referring to? Hey Mark. The shirts do look good, I like the Christmas jumpers too :-) Hey Jonathan. Thank you. Regarding follow me, absolutely. If you get a chance, read through everything here, so many cool functions and features. Hey Ryan. Regarding other uses than selfies. We choose selfies purely as a marketing angle. It is a very capable nano autonomous UAV so you can use it for whatever it is physically capable. It can fly in small places too. Regarding hiking etc, you could launch it above the tree line to have a look at where you are going. Be neat to show off to your friends. Hey Lim. Regarding relative altitude. Parrot has 8m sonar range finders so if you are within 8 meters of the ground, as the ground moves so does the altitude of Parrot. Zano has 6m range finders so will do the same. If you are above 6m, then altitude becomes absolute and is based on air pressure. So if your 10m up and fly over a 3m high object, Zano will stay at 10m. If your 4m up and fly over a 3m high object, Zano will follow the ground and will raise. Does that make sense? Thank you for your support. Hey SKing. Regarding link to different phones etc. You can create a single Zano user account when you receive your Zano’s. You can link both phones to the same Zano account. When you power up Zano for the first time it will link to the Zano account on the phone. Therefore both Zano’s will be linked to the same user account and any phone also linked to that account can control them. Does that make sense? So in answer to your question, absolutely yes. Hey Ramon. Thank you for your support. Hey Zoriel. Regarding a night shot. Unfortunately we have not taken any and the development Zano’s here are in pieces as we are flat out working on getting the production version ready. The night photography will be remarkably similar to most smart phones at night as they all have fairly similar low light performance. I hope that helps. Hey Sheri. Regarding the batteries, the larger battery is not twice the price of the regular and therefore it wouldn’t be fair to offer you to swap two batteries for one big one. We will make available a trade up price of a few $ once we have confirmed battery pricing if you like. Hey Bradley. Thank you :-) Hey Mario. Thank you for your support. Hey Larry. Cheers and thank you for your support. Hey Garvani. Regarding tethering and waypoint mode. We will allow waypoint mode if a user specifically acknowledges the risk and their phone can communicate with us that they have accepted the risk, the function will then be enabled. Same sort of thing with enabling toss to launch. Does that make sense? By default Zano will be tightly controlled but to avoid people trying to hack Zano and making it unsafe, all the extra functions already exist and if someone wants to make use of them, then all they need to do is accept the risk of doing so. Hey David. I will publish this list soon. Just need to double check it with the team here. Hey TimZ46. Thank you for your support. Hey Ken. Thank you. Hey Jamie. Regarding waypoints. Zano flies constantly using waypoints but it is hidden from the user. It actually supports over 500 compound waypoints so the support for waypoint flying is substantial. Every waypoint also supports a POI (point of interest) which is a GPS location where Zano will aim the camera and keep the camera pointing at this location no matter how much Zano moves. Does that help? Hey Doug. Regarding toss to launch. There is a colour code sequence Zano goes through to show when it is ready. One long green flash followed by constant green flashing means good GPS lock and ready to toss to launch. So long as you have flashing green landing lights, Zano is good to toss. Does that make sense? Hey Jamie. Regarding Zano’s and security, very definitely. As Mark has mentioned, something similar to your suggestion is the plan. Zano’s will be bound to a user account, phones will be bound to a user account. So long as your settings don’t allow any phone, only phones on the same user account can control a Zano from that user account. We will also support a notification to us if a Zano is reported stolen (through your Zano account) and is then powered up on a different account. Does that help? Hey Boris. Regarding post-processing. We are focusing on the HPC as that is a shared resource for all Zano users and post-processing software is already prolific on desktops there is little point us building something to compete in this space. The HPC also supports automated sharing based on your settings to your social networks if you so choose so it is more than just post-processing content. Does that make sense? The video formats will be standard and support by most software. Does that help? Hey Doug. Thank you. Reece came up with the name, it was his brain child and we all liked it. :-) Hey John. Regarding cost per camera module. I would aim for a typical module to be £20-£30. I think that is a fair price depending on the level of functional improvement. The thermal camera is a great deal more simply due to the cost of the camera. Hey Mihai. Thank you. Hey Mark. Regarding the feet and a mounting hole. I have asked for this to be included in the next design review as I think it would be cool to be able to attach all manner of feet to the bottom of Zano. Hey Midhun. Regarding tillable from the app. This is only possible if we go down the fish eye route and use camera windowing to support it. I am waiting on a response from our camera maker on the lens options. Hey Dennis. Regarding flight path, this will be available. Please see my comment earlier in this post about waypoint flying and the user accepting the risk of such. Hey Peter. Thank you. Hey Drew. Regarding maximum wind etc. For now we are saying 25mph Zano could hold its position. The production version is very different to the prototype and once we have the upgrade figures from that, we will publish revised data. Does that help? Hey Special. Regarding water usage, I was thinking some floaties too. Hey Ben. Regarding the world map, we (Zano engineering) are about to have a technical discussion about the architecture of data to support such things and this is definitely something we will make happen. I think I have covered everything but as always, I do miss things sometimes for which I apologise. Please bring anything I have missed to my attention and I will answer in my next post. Have a great morning and thank you so much for your support. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Opps two halves back to front. :-) Hey Mark T. Thank you for your comments and support. Really appreciate it. Hey Thomas. Regarding the orbit follow me, great name and yes that will be supported. Do you mind if we pinch that name? because I’m going too :-) Regarding the personalised decals, I will look into this. Regarding a serial number. I think using the RGB display, we can display a QR code style serial number. Thoughts? Regarding a Zano world map. Love it. As I mentioned earlier in this post, I think this could be an awesome way of sharing photos and videos if you wish to share them, the location is there, you zoom in and see what photos and videos are available. Hey Frans. Regarding our shipping date. We can never make promises as thing exist outside our control such as suppliers delivering on time. However, this isn’t our first production run of something so we know what to expect, we know what lead times suppliers work too and will start ordering all the stuff to build your Zano’s in January as soon as we confirm the production Zano design is finalised and working 100% perfectly. We also are working with a professional EMS who has a project timeline working back from shipping in January. This gives us milestones to hit and we will know very early on if there is going to be any issues, this allows us to address them well before they become a problem and anything that effects our delivery date. Does that help? Hey Doug. The update is a really good point and thank you for raising this. What do you think of the update I have done? You can buy me a beer, how does that sound? Hey Varun. Regarding customs and shipping, we are going to check if we can freight these as gift. Will keep you posted. The actual capacity of ZanoFuel is 3000mAh. Hey Larry. Oh good question and your quite right, it hasn’t been asked. Where does the name Zano come from. It is actually Nano with the N rotated. It just stuck and we have run with it. Hey Mark. Regarding CES, I am quietly confident about the final stretch goal :-) If we hit it, I may not be so quiet then :-) Hey Roger. Regarding FPV, absolutely. The video from Zano is presented in less than 100ms on the smart phone screen. Regarding videos from CES. I know the guys will be shooting some videos, when they will publish them, I don’t know but they will be published. I haven’t seen the photos of the stand myself yet. :-) Hey Mark. Regarding how long can Zano be out of sight, do you mean legally? Well I guess, behind a tree isn’t technically out of sight. It comes down to some common sense on behalf of the legislators and considering I have flown a Zano into me as fast as it can travel and I barely felt it, I would expect very little resistance legally to Zano anywhere. Hey Chris. Thank you for your comment. We (Torquing Group) will actively work with legislators and those writing the legislation. We will even conduct independent tests regarding safety on Zano and our other UAV’s to help governments establish a baseline of what is safe and what needs to be controlled. Hey TimZ46. Regarding a tracker for your RC hell. We have been looking at an add-on as a bracelet, dog collar or small module which would work for what you are referring. Would be cool to launch Zano and let it film your RC hell as your doing stunts. Hey Tobias. Regarding altitude. Yes in answer to your question. Everything Zano does is relative to your phone apart from GPS waypoint mode. So if you launch at 50ft, Zano will come back to you, if your off the ground when Zano tries to land it will return to home location then reduce altitude until it lands. Does that make sense? Hey Mark. Regarding weather measurements. Interesting idea. Zano has onboard temperature, air pressure and could probably calculate wind speed and direction. What a cool use. Hey Didier. Regarding longest flight time, I would think a 3 to 1 ratio. So one Zano to 3 batteries should allow continuous flight. So you would have 3 batteries on change during any flight should allow you to land, change battery and launch again. We have added gold charging pads to the flight frame and we are looking into building an automated land/launch platform to enable this. Regarding boot time, Zano boots instantly and the WIFI is up and available a few seconds later. Regarding how precise can the landing be, if on GPS only, you are limited to an accuracy of 1m or so, with our landing platform for charging, we are going to build in sensors to help Zano land very accurately within mm. Does that help? Hey Ken. Thank you for your support, the BBC article is brilliant too. We are so close to that final goal now. Im quietly confident :-) Hey Dooley. Regarding the camera, you will be able to record 1080p video and if we are able to improve the motors we will make an upgrade set available on www.flyzano.com. Every upgrade or add-on for Zano will be available at www.flyzano.com Hey Doug. Regarding LIPO batteries and aircraft, we take them as hand luggage in suitable carry equipment (not rattling around) so are protected and have never had any issues or been asked any questions by customs or airline officials about them. Hey Adrian. Thank you for your comment and support. I think Zano is going to make a real difference partially because of the clever technology removing a large part of human error but also because we will actively engage with officials to keep Zano legal and safe. Hey Talvinder. Regarding the raw footage, very definitely. In fact the raw footage will be available before the compressed footage. Frame by frame compressed JPEG’s with EXIF data encoded about position etc. I think that is everything but as always, if I have missed anything please let me know. Have a good evening everyone. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good evening all, Thank you to you all for your suggestions about an update to reflect the changes in specifications. I have posted this, I think Larry beat me in announcing it :-) Now be kind, I am an engineer not a marketing guy :-) Hey Grant. Regarding the fisheye lens discussion. I am still keen on the fisheye lens as it won’t affect video recording as 1080p video only uses 2million pixels out of the 5million pixels of the sensor. However for photography enthusiasts this is an issue so the discussion is very much divided. I think the solution to this is the modular camera options we are going to be offering and perhaps in future production runs we can offer a standard lens or a fisheye lens model or we may be able to offer interchangeable lenses. The camera manufacturer we use has been on holiday since before Christmas so I am yet to have answers to my questions hence I have not been able to post a final answer here. As soon as I hear back regarding options, I will post them here for discussion. Thank you for your support and input, as a community forming Zano, this process is fantastic Hey James. Regarding 360 camera capability. Do you mean a spherical lens? Hey Matt. Regarding the case. The LE and standard cases with the plug less charging won’t be automated landing platforms, that will come later but I am looking into ways of embedding the contacts into the case for ZanoFuel to use to charge Zano. I can’t be more specific at this stage as it takes time to form an idea, design some examples, test them, work out pricing to determine over feasibility but if not as standard in the cases, this will be an cheap optional upgrade for the cases when it is ready. Hey Brendon. 10,000 Zano’s flying at one time, imagine the Guiness world record :-) Hey TimZ46. Thank you. Hey Peter. Regarding VR, this would be awesome and another reason for developers to make use of the SDK for Zano. You can do virtually anything you can think of and VR or should I say AR (Augmented reality) would be Zanotastic :-) Sorry, I just had to get that in, cheesy I know (ducks and covers) Hey Szabolcs. Regarding the range extender, this is very much going to happen and it is something I thought about but didn’t post in the update as it isn’t standard equipment and won’t be due to cost. I think a few other backers have answered the specifics for you but if you need additional information, please let me know. Hey Peter. Regarding beta-testers. I wouldn’t worry, at last count less than 10% of places have been applied for. Hey Mihai. Thank you for your support and comments, thats really nice. Our goal is and has always been exactly that, delivered on time working well with basic functionality. As our system supports functional updates, I would rather ship on time with basic functionality and then release a huge raft of updates to give you all the functions you want. We don’t need to hold off shipping if some of the functions aren’t quite ready. Make sense? Hey Mark. Really good point and a great one to answer. Zano has two firmware modules. The boot loader which will NEVER change and is your failsafe. If in the event a firmware update causes an issue, through the Zano app you can reset Zano to factory settings which will be the latest Zano OS and then re-apply your functional updates. Does that help? This will be automated via the app so very easy to perform. Hey Special. Regarding the SDK and Beta program, the SDK is for developers who will also have beta tester access as we need them to download every functional update to ensure their apps support it. The beta tester network is for everyone, developer or not. So in answer to your question, the developers will have their own beta testing stream. The boolean logic error is one that is so easy to do x = y && x compared with x = y || x is so hard to spot when buried in code and you’ve been working at it all day. :-) Hey David. Regarding solar, this won’t be a standard fitting to the cases as it will increase cost to everyone. We are looking into the costs, how to implement it etc as I like the idea but we need to find a clean production method to implement it. Does that make sense? Hey John. Regarding DHCP and Gateway, really good point and that is my understanding too. So long as no gateway is specified, most operating systems won’t use that adapter for internet access. Thank you for mentioning this. Hey David. Regarding a new LE released before the end of the campaign, this isn’t likely. Thank you for your support. Hey Brent. Zano’s highest frame rate is 120fps at QVGA, 90fps at VGA, 60fps at 720p, 30fps at 1080p and 15fps at maximum resolution. Does that help? Thank you for your support. Hey Sinan. Regarding solar cells, it is a neat idea but with current solar cell technology even powering the WIFI, the solar cell would have to be the same size as Zano. I will have a play with a few find me options and test them myself before Zano ships to you all in June for all your feedback and suggestions. Hey Mark. Thanks for that spreadsheet, that is awesome and what a help. Much appreciated and thank you for your support. Hey all, regarding the Zano map. That is a great idea. It would have to be an opt in service and couldn’t display specific location unless you authorised it too but would be neat to see regions where Zano’s are. Great way if you zoomed in to see videos and photos that users are willing to share too of that region. Regarding a forum. We will have a Zano forum on www.flyzano.com very soon and I will publish the details as soon as it is available. Hey Bradley. Regarding wake boarding etc. We had a suggestion a while back of a safe landing zone idea for water sports. So if you are wake boarding, before you launch Zano you set a location on the shore where you want Zano to land and when any failsafe is executed, low battery, loss of signal, errors etc Zano will return to your safe location. Zano wouldn’t like landing in water. Sorry. Think of Zano like your smart phone. Same safety principles apply. Hey Mihai. Regarding the update, you are all quite right and thank you for mentioning this. I have done the update, what do you think? Be kind, I’m an engineer not a marketing dude. Good afternoon everyone, Hey Thomas. Regarding the GITD, I can’t post a photo as the production tooling is yet to be finalised. Once the tooling is finalised and we have sample Zano shells back, I will post photos of those but that is scheduled for March as the tooling has a 60 day lead time. For now the best we can do is the rendering. Hey Chris. Regarding current legislation. Most legislators even if it isn’t clearly published have a weight limit as in anything over x weight must comply. One reason we have worked so hard to keep Zano below 60g as we have spoken at length with the UK government and they have a sub 60g rating which is treated like a toy and has been proven to have no real possibility of injury due to its small size and weight. We will continue working with legislators to ensure common sense is used and the initial knee jerk response of simply blanket banning things doesn’t apply. I am confident that we will be able to ensure Zano will stay legal for use in virtually anywhere subject to public nuisance orders etc. Thank you for your support. Hey Zul. Regarding the extended flight time batteries, once I have a final price back, you could trade up both batteries to the largest flight time battery we have. I will only select and allow to be provided batteries that I feel do not too adversely effect the performance of Zano so no worries there. Regarding the camera module upgrade, I don’t know precisely when this will be available and as such, can’t comment as to whether you could trade up to this before the shipping of Zano’s in June. Closer to the date I will let you know the progress of the cameras. Sound fair? Hey Mark T. Regarding the LE batteries, sorry, I must have missed it. It is a fair point. I’ll have a chat with the team about this. Hey Todd. Regarding the LE Red, the photos you refer too are the hand painted Zano prototypes. They are 3D printed, primed with a special primer, sanded and painted. The production tooling will result in a matt/low sheen finish not the gloss finish of the prototype. Regarding the red colour itself, we will run through quite a few red colours and metalised plastics to get the final result as close as possible to the render. Does that help? Hey Sheri. Regarding your suggestion, certainly should be able too. It would work best outdoors or where a GPS signal could be detected, you could configure a flight path of a few waypoints and the point of interest being your husband. It could then fly around him whilst videoing. Great idea. Hey Abdul. Regarding storage, if the SD card is full, Zano can store photos etc on your phone too. Video could be stored on your phone too. Hey Dave. Regarding Zano for time lapse style photos. Sounds great. If your choose a GPS location and altitude, it should be very repeatable and you can always crop and align the photos to make them perfect fit. Great idea. Have a great day. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good morning everyone, Hey Doug. Regarding the white case, that was a 3D printed case we tried, wanted to have an idea as to how everything might fit. I have asked for the standard case rendering to be put up so should show in a day or so. Hey Shaun. Regarding the UV leds, your quite correct, they are 0603 packages. :-) Thank you for publishing the dimensions too. To most people, they will barely see the little bump on the arm unless looking for it, that is until they are turned on. :-) Hey Larry. Shaun is quite correct regarding the leds, super tiny :-) Hey Mura. 'I also expect to know the capabilities of the final battery if it is 350 or 800 mAh for these more than double the final flight duration will be 20 to 30 minutes instead of 10 to 15 minutes , no and how to order them and that price. On the other hand , I read some comments or proposals he told to get him back or avoid the trees , it already does ? For me it's a lot. I have a Parrot drone that does not have too perfect , so for me to take photos or videos fixed or what is the same super tracking mode go and I do not see how adding more , an idea that me comes to mind , it faudrat be careful not to follow up mode if we dive, if not, farewell Zano . A +’ The final standard battery will be 350mAh as this ensures we keep the official weight below 60 grams, however we will be providing 350, 650 and 800mAh batteries as well. I am waiting on prices on the larger two sizes. The 350mAh will be $8 to buy, I would expect the 650 would be $10-11 and the 800 would be $12-13. Once I hear back on pricing, I will publish all of these. I will actually be publishing a price list of add-ons for everyone before the end of the campaign. Regarding obstacle avoidance, yes, it does that :-) If you were to dive in altitude Zano would try and follow but will not allow itself to go below the minimum sonar altitude (relative to ground) that you can configure. So if you say never closer then 3m to the ground, Zano will follow you up but not get closer to the ground than 3m. Does that make sense? Have I answered your questions? I know the translation engine doesn’t translate perfectly. Hey adchesney. Thank you for your support. You certainly can do it that way and we will make available a list of all the add-ons soon, before the end of this campaign. Hey Werner. Regarding the glow in the dark decals, that is a good idea. I will see what we can do. I was thinking white racing strips for the red Zano too would look neat. Hey Dom. Regarding Zano taking a bird for a ‘walk’, what a great idea. I know parrots can get quite attached to things, might end up as buddies. Hey Lim. Regarding dimensions of ZanoFuel, I know we have this information but it is with one of the team in Las Vegas (CES) who is handling everything case related. I will send an email and ask for the dimension. Regarding the final battery for Kickstarter. I am hoping to provide one of each, a 350mAh for compliance with the less than 60 gram promise of Zano and one extended flight time battery. Now that may be 800 or 650mAh. It depends on the final version of Zano, its weight, payload capacity etc and which battery is actually the best performer as far as extending flight time and allowing fully acrobatic movement of Zano. Regarding the costs of the batteries, I posted my expected prices above. I will post an accurate price list of add-ons before the end of the campaign. Hey Mark. Regarding the comments, that is brilliant, thank you so much. Hey Dom. Regarding ZanoFuel, it should charge the standard battery 8 times (give or take) and the extended battery 4-5 times. The original figure of 4-5 full charges of the standard battery was based on the previous ZanoFuel capacity, this has since been upgraded during discussions with our battery maker. So two batteries (standard) and a ZanoFuel you could get 9-10 flights or with extended batteries, 6-7 flights. The extended battery will take longer to charger too though. Hey Arnel. Thank you, much obliged. Hey Thomas. Regarding an email, once we close registration, we will run a statistical sampling process over the database with some weightings applied to give us the very best spread and mix of beta-testers. At that point, when we create the beta-tester active list, the system will email your address provided with a link to confirm sign up to the beta-tester network. When you registered and hit submit, you should have been taken to a take that said ‘Thank you, your application has been submitted.’ or something similar. Regarding 'return to home’, I like your idea. The screen could show something like a QR code so Zano knows your phone is its master and using the video target tracking it could fly directly and precisely to you. Is that what you had in mind? I really like it, at release we won’t have this but this is certainly something I will add to the list of functional updates that you will all get as back of backing this project (12 months free functional updates). Thank you for suggesting this, very neat. Hey Eric. The only silly question is the question that wasn’t asked. You are quite correct, however only 1 shipping charge. Make sense? Hey Abdul. Regarding Zano internal storage. It uses a MicroSD card so whatever card you choose to use will determine Zano’s local storage capacity. Make sense? Hey Larry. Regarding Zano’s communicating, your quite right. They are share information via WIFI if both connected to the same hotspot, they can also communicate directly with each other using their own mesh network designed for their swarming capability, they can also communicate using the IR sensors on board. I like your comment Larry, I think Zano will be resistant to boredom too as we will continue to release functional updates and third party developers will continue building and releasing cool apps and add-ons too. There should always be something free to play with. Thank you for your support too throughout this campaign. Hey Garvani, Hey Doug, Hey David. Regarding the camera. Doug is quite right. Originally we had limited the camera to a fixed angle. However due to the demand and requests from backers here, I have re-arrange the top PCB of Zano to make space for a tilting camera mechanism and we are working on a few ideas as to fitting such a mechanism in. So it will be tillable, how, I don’t know the specifics yet but it will happen. Hey Simon. Regarding water mode. I had not previously thought of this issue until it was mentioned a few days back. I think this is a really good idea and a very real problem. I quite like a water mode as you say. I will also look into ways of detecting water, not sure if we can but until we try, we won’t know. Hey Special. Regarding NHRP, are you referring too address resolution protocols? Dynamic routing of packets between disconnected nodes that move dynamically? Yes, we have a protocol we have designed for a patent of ours that solves communication issues regarding dynamically located nodes that are often disconnected from a node they wish to communicate with. It is an interesting issue as overhead is critical to keep as small as possible and the packets as specifically formed for Zano to keep things as lightweight as possible and to maintain maximum bandwidth. Regarding a configurable alarm and your lost Zano suggestion. Leave that one with me as you have made really great suggestions there. I’ll integrate much of what you have suggested whilst keeping the WIFI active to keep the time to reconnect to a minimum. It should be able to maintain this mode for an hour or so on a flat battery or 5 to 6 hours on a charged one. Hey Simon. Regarding the lost Zano beacon. When Zano turns off most systems, even if the battery is flat, the voltage will recover and allow as you say quite some run time in this mode. The batteries have an undercharge protection circuit too so destroying the battery won’t occur but will still support prolonged find me operations. Hey David. Regarding the camera. The video is digitally stabilised. The Zano OS uses onboard sensors to predict movement in the video stream to adjust the windowing before the next frame so you should find the video in native raw format is very good. You can then post-process the video on our HPC to get excellent results. Hey Garvani. Regarding a flat battery, when the load is turned off (motors, leds and most functions), the battery voltage will recover quite a bit and this will allow the speaker and other HELP ME Zano functions to stay active as long as possible. Really good to see ideas and problems like this being raised as this will allow us to build functionality and support for all these great find me ideas. Thank you for raising this. Hey Simon. Regarding waterproofing the electronics, this can certainly be done. There is a process called conformal coating that uses a water proof non electrically conductive laquer to protect the electronics. With a little bit of careful attention, you could certainly apply this yourself to Zano. Regarding a homing beacon. This was a suggestion sometime back and one I really like. If Zano looses signal and has landed, it will flash the leds and make a loud siren noise to attack our attention. Added with all the new suggestions here today, this feature should be pretty slick. Hey Special. Regarding a speaker, your quite correct. Zano does have a speaker and a 2w Class D audio amp that if put to maximum power would turn the speaker into a puff of smoke. Using a single speaker during development and the Zano audio amp, I drove everyone in the office nuts with the volume it could produce and a nice 4KHz sound really got on everyones nerves ;-) Hey Ray. Regarding beta-testers, thank you firstly for your support and comments. Regarding being notified, once we close registration and have run the sample to select the beta-testers, you will receive an email containing a link to use to create your beta-tester account. Does that help? Hey Garvani. Regarding follow me, we have proven this works as is shown in some of the videos but we will continue to refine and polish this. As Matthew has suggested, if you could sign up as a beta-tester, your input and feedback will help us make this feature super slick. You will all try things with Zano that we haven’t thought of so by providing feedback about Zano’s performance, we can improve and refine these capabilities. That is the beauty of Zano, and the closeness with the Zano team, we will take your feedback and ideas and improve the product. We can roll out functional updates and fixes daily if need be as we control all our own infrastructure. Does that help? Hey Shaun. Thank you, it is a well packed 6 layer board with some pretty tight production tolerances just to get everything to fit. Paint ball carrier, oh I like that :-) Hi Sinan. Regarding extending range, yes the 15-30m is limited by the antenna on your phone or tablet. We are going to release a range extender with >500m range for Zano. We are hopingto do exactly as you say and see if we can fit the extender into the carry case. Thank you for your support. Hey Emmanuel. Regarding drone laws. We are building into the ZanoApp a region detection function that will apply the laws from the local region and location to Zano. Zano also will comply with the rules set by the app. For instance, flying over the white house grounds will not be permitted by law or by Zano. If you try it will simply hit virtual fence and not fly any further. Same with No 10 Downing St in the UK. So unlike other drones, Zano will force users to comply with local laws and legislation. If your away from people and from no fly zones, then depending on regional laws for the area your in, flight distance and altitude will adjust accordingly. If your up in the Brecon Beacons for example (rural Wales away from virtually everywhere) hiking, Zano will apply virtually no restrictions and allow you to do with it as you wish. Does that make sense? Your point is a very good one and something we have carefully considered during the entire Zano design process. Hey TimZ46. Thank you for your support. Really appreciate it. Hey CanadianCoffee. Regarding Kickstarter, its incredible to be in the top 20 projects of all time and in the top 6 technology projects of all time on Kickstarter and still 4 days left. It is due to the enormous support from the Kickstarter community that we have achieved this. The enthusiasm, comments, questions and suggestions have create a true Zano community. It is all very humbling for us (Zano team). Hey Doug. Regarding the BBC article, thank you for posting that. Very chuffed to see Zano taking pride of place in the drone section. Hey Special. Regarding your idea of mapping an indoor area. Really good idea and yes, I believe it is possible. I am not a 3D mapping expert so my understanding is moderately limited but Zano does provide detailed inertial navigation data and distance data for all sensors hundreds of times per second. If all this information was fed into a mapping system, building a 3D model with some clever mathematics should definitely be possible. This would be a great challenge for a University to take on. Our large UAV (I say large but to us it is, it weighs 120grams) has high resolution sonar on all faces so could provide much more accurate measurements for this purpose. Would be cool to see it happen. Thank you for the suggesting. I think I have answered all questions, as always, if I have missed anything, please let me know. Have a great sunday everyone. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Hey Sheri, absolutely and great idea. I'll make sure this is included in the app. Thank you for suggesting it. Hey all, Thanks everyone for the support regarding UV LEDs. Really appreciate it. I'm so excited to get the next version of Zano back, I've got a few traces to lay on the PCB then off to have the PCB made and Camtronics will load them. Won't be long now until we can post video of the production version of Zano. Hey Mark T. Regarding Matthew C posts, thank you for your concern and for voicing it, genuinely great to know we have such fantastic support here but it's really is fine. Matthew has been a huge supporter of the Zano community and we (Torquing Group) will publically support all third party developers and engineers building things for the Zano community. In fact I encourage any developer who wants to run a Kickstarter campaign for Zano related support products if it helps all of you, the Zano enthusiast by giving you new and cool stuff. Does that make sense? And thank you again Mark T for voicing your concern. It's because of the vocal support from so many of you that this Zano community is growing fantastically. Have a great evening all and I'll be back in the morning. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano . Hi All, I've juggled a few GPIO around and can now make the UV LEDs independent and can be turned on or off at will. Wasn't easy but by combing two power enable functions (no effect to Zano or to the power usage) I have made one spare line which can be used for UV LEDs. Sorted! The weight of the LEDs is about 0.5grams in total so the weight impact is negligible. Sound good? Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good evening everyone, I seemed to have created some debate. Let me explain, the UV LEDs are for charging the glow in the dark plastic and if I add them to Zano they are there for all Zano's. Zano already has RGB landing LEDs and 8*8 RGB led display. The UV LEDs were to be mounted on the top side of the board to illuminate the shell. I can simply leave them unpopulated for anything other than GITD Zano if people wish. I have had a look and every single GPIO on the processor is used as now I have SD card connections, additional power switching for camera and another line was required to fix an issue with the mesh radio link leaving absolutely nothing spare. If no one is fussed about the UV LEDs then I can add the space in the circuit but simply not put any components in. Or I can link the UV LEDs to the blue landing light colour only so red and green will not turn the UV light on. As the blue landing light and the UV led are both in the blue and higher light spectrum, they wouldn't look out of place if those two are linked. Thoughts? Or does this make the entire situation more complex? Hey Larry. The limited edition are limited in that there is a fixed number as mentioned and will never be produced again. Sorry if this has caused some controversy. It is difficult to support such an enthusiastic community with the current model Kickstarter allows. We will find a way to ensure everyone gets what they are after and honour the limited edition nature of the LE ranges. As CanadianCoffee has shown as well that we should clearly be fine with the LE ranges and everyone should get exactly what they are after and I suspect that none of this will even present itself as an issue as there will be plent LE editions left over. Does that help? Have a nice evening everyone. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Hey everyone, Looks like UV LEDs is what we will run with. I'll ensure they are barely human eye visible so should create a really cool effect for decals etc. Hey Doug. Regarding VAT, that is also my understanding and the assumption our accounts people are working on. We have contacted our accounting firm to speak with HMRC to get a taxation ruling on this. However I'm the absence of other information we are assuming VAT is payable on all Zano's being shipped to the UK and will set the price you are paying in the UK as the VAT inclusive price so we pick up the VAT bill. For UK companies as you have suggested, you are able to claim the VAT back. Have a great afternoon everyone and I just noticed we have passed 9000 backers. Absolutely brilliant, thank you. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Hey all, Your correct, UV was for charging the GITD shell. They are just visible, that UV purple but not bright to the human eye. I can see the issue with fixed leds for the other Zano's. I can make the RGB, the same as the landing LEDS if everyone wants that though the effect for charging the GITD would be substantially diminished. So the choice is RGB or UV as standard for all Zanos. This discussion is only about a set of leds near the outside of the Zano shell, one led on each arm. I can not find a UV led that supports other colours so it has to be either RGB like the landing leds and linked to the landing leds or a UV led. Thoughts? Cheers, Ivan Hey all, now is your chance for some immediate input. I am placing the UV leds on the PCB, the main flight frame. I am thinking putting them just outside the shell so they are visible and would light upward. They will turn on when ANY colour is chosen for the landing leds. For example, if you want red landing leds, the UV leds would show, if you want blue landing leds, the UV leds would show. Now alternatively, we could fit red leds to the red zano instead of the UV leds, fit blue to the black zano, fit white to the white zano, fit UV to the GITD zano and green to the camo Zano. Thoughts? You have about 90 minutes until I need to place the leds and finish drawing all the PCB traces. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Hey Larry. Cheers. Just to confirm, the LE will be Limited. The will produce only once and everyone will have a certificate too. Have a good afternoon. (nearly afternoon in the states?) Hey Midhun. Cheers and much obliged :-) Hey Larry. I think this is what will happen. Firstly I think we have enough LE for everyone. There is still 442 red, 544 Camo, 384 GITD limited editions left. In the event that people who have adjusted their pledge to get one of these but Kickstarter won't allow them to select it, we will contact these backers and we should be able to give them the LE of their choice. In the event that all the LE are gone including our buffer stock for marketing are exhausted, we should only be talking a small amount, we will contact everyone who has say a red if we are short on red and offer everyone a free swap to another special LE we will create. If people choose to swap to the new one, that frees up red LE that we can use to fulfil the requests. The same would go with GITD and Camo. This is going to be a logistics issue but we will work hard to fulfil everyones request. I honestly don't know of another way. In your example, people who pledge for one LE wouldn't simply get offered a different LE, we would offer everyone of that particular LE a new LE one and there will be some takers. I am confident that we can work with the backers to ensure everyone gets what they want. In the extremely unlikely event that we can't get a backer the LE of their choice we will have a chat with them about what they want to do? For instance, someone may want a LE red and lets say we have tried everything and simply don't have enough LE red, in that situation we would offer a GITD or Camo if they want it as a no charge swap. I really am confident we can get everyone what they want by being flexible and just talking with people. Does that make sense? Hey everyone, I have a few updates for you. 1. The MicroSD card is in the new design and all connected up. It is in the back of Zano and the MicroSD card is easily accessible from the rear of Zano. 2. I am fitting the UV leds to the board to allow charging of the GITD shell. 3. I have allowed up to 13mm for the battery. The 350mAh battery is 5mm wide, the 800mAh is 12.5mm. This will allow us to offer all manner of Zano batteries for different purposes. Hey Doug. Thank you for your support. We will find a solution that fits everyone. I bet now I have mentioned a Chrome Zano people are going to ask for that now, can’t do it, I’m holding that one back until the end of the campaign I think as a way of making sure regarding LE and backers get what they have asked for. I think Chrome would look incredible. Thoughts? Hey Larry. It will be odd when this campaign finishes, I will still be posting updates and answering questions but the community will need to largely move to the forums and wiki. If we can get support for those, people sharing cool photos they have taken with Zano, awesome videos etc I think the community will mature and grow into something really exceptional (it already is but imagine more people with more cool ideas sharing their content) Hey Midhun. Regarding your questions, sorry. I am sure I had answered them but will do so here. 1. All LE cases are fabric over rubber, thermoformed into shape. They use the very best zipper we can use and also the stitching on the case is colour co-ordinated with the shell case as it it isn’t the same colour. A really special case basically. The standard cases are still very good but are from a material I would have to ask the case maker what it is, they have good zipper and the stitching is the colour of the shell. Both really good quality cases but the LE cases are limited edition and a bit special. 2. You can easily access the ZanoFuel charging port whilst in the case so you can charger both when not in use. We have moved away from the charging port on the case as this is a point of water ingress and would compromise the case if your outdoors and it gets wet. Instead we have found an easy way to access the charging port whilst in the case. 3. ALL cases will hold at least 4 batteries, spare propellers and a charging cable. 4. ALL cases will support a shoulder strap. 5. The camera tilting mechanism will happen. I have allowed space on the revised PCB to provide room for the mechanism. Thank you for your support throughout this campaign and for your comments. Please let me know if I miss any questions, I always try to answer everything but I do miss some. Hey Doug. Regarding VAT, thank you for your message. We actually asked the question to our accounting firm today about VAT. Technically backers are backing a project and choosing a reward. They are not pre-ordering a product. Once I hear back I will update you. Hey Rina. Regarding swarming, not far off now. Very exciting. Regarding the LE cases etc. Your quite right. I think in the event we do deplete our internal buffer stock for the LE as well as all LE listed on the campaign, we will have to do a special LE version for backers, perhaps release 1000 items of a Chrome version and then contact backers to see who wants to swap, for those who swap away from one LE, we can then fulfil another backers request, and see if we can find a happy medium where everyone gets what they want. Either way, this will be a problem for Torquing Group to solve and we will do everything possible to ensure backers get what they want and that this issue isn’t one you have to deal with. The demand has been overwhelming and you are quite right, the logistics of this is going to be interesting. I’m glad someone else in Torquing Group has to deal with it and I’m just a humble engineer ;-) Great advice though and thank you for mentioning this. Hey CL. Regarding flipping, we can do that, we can even fly upside down. Now that should be some fun. You could land on the ceiling ;-) Hey Jeff. Regarding CES. Thank you so much for your support. Email <email> and that goes through to Reece. I know he has a few hundred to respond too but you should get a response. The guys are always up for meeting backers especially if a beer or two is involved :-) Hey Lim. Regarding detecting water. At the moment no, but I hadn’t thought of the problem that you have mentioned so leave it with me, with clever signal processing, I may well be able to detect water. If I can, this will be a functional update released to you all. Hey Roger. Regarding shipping, the £10 fee for shipping applies worldwide. When you pledged, you have only one option for shipping which is the £10. The batteries should be around $8USD each (£5.20 give or take) Glad the site is working again for you. Hey Joey. Regarding other developers, as some of our team are away at CES, when they get back on the 12th, I will see if we can do a group video including everyone to commemorate the completion of this campaign. How does that sound? Hey Dooley. Regarding upgrading your pledge. Kickstarter only allows you to choose one reward. We will ask you on the survey at the end of the campaign what items you want and will fulfil your order. Only one shipping charge is require no matter how many Zano’s you want :-) Thank you for your support. Hey Cheryl. Regarding ZanoFuel. The LE cases all come with one but we will offer a different ZanoFuel as an add-on to this campaign or to purchase separately through www.flyzano.com later. We will contact you with the survey and provide a list of all the add-ons if you want any of them. Hey Doug. Regarding sub-aqua Zano. I believe Zano (if waterproof and the flight arms replaces with small water thrusters) would behave the same way under water as a quad flies in the air. You thinking of some photos when diving? Imaging flying a Zano through the coral to get awesome photos. The problem is communications. Through water typically requests sub 100KHz radio. We have done this but it isn’t easy in something as small as Zano. Good fun though :-) Regarding Zano-Pico (not sure on the name ;-) ) If I can find a decent BGA package Flash chip small enough to fit with enough capacity then onboard recording is very doable. Be great fun flying it around the house buzzing the dog or cat :-) Hey Roger. Regarding the pledge levels. Yes, we will contact you at the end of the campaign to find out exactly what your after. See my comment above regarding limited editions, in the event we do run out, we have a small internal buffer stock for marketing which we will use, and IF we run out of those, we will release a new LE edition perhaps Chrome and contact everyone to see who wants to swap to that one to free up a few of the other LE versions. Either way, we will solve it so everyone is happy. Does that help? Hey Mihai. Thank you for your support. Extra exposure helps a great deal. Hey nanobot9000. Thank you for your support. Sure would be a neat drone, < 20grams and 40mm * 40mm (1.57 inches) Hey Kevin. Regarding flying indoors, Zano is very much designed for both indoor and outdoor flying. In both situations it is just as easy to fly and have fun. :-) Hey Sheri. Regarding a beta-tester section. Very good point and exactly what we will have to build. I am thinking a nice simply dashboard too so not only do you see ALL updates available, a green tick shows the ones you have downloaded and someway of showing those you have reported on. Then at the top a nice simple % to show if your on track as a beta-tester. Really good point and thank you for raising it. Hey Mark. I’ll pass that along to Reece. Thank you for your support :-) Hey Peter. Cheers, thank you for your support. Have a great afternoon everyone. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good evening everyone. Another good day with nearly 240 new backers of this campaign. Thank you. Beta-tester registration form. <url>£189 is a Limited Edition Red with limited edition case. The Red Zano due to demand will probably become a standard colour but the case and ZanoFuel is where the cost difference is, we have charged the same for white, black and red Zano's as the reward levels without the case and FuelStick. So if you want a Red Zano, you can swap your black or white at the time of the survey to the red. You can't select the LE red case and bundle unless your pledge is of that level or make up the difference. Does that make sense? Regarding another creating Zano. Yes, the next video will include footage of the first 10 production versions being put through the assembly process so that should be really cool and show you all the final version. The one after that will be with me launching it for the first time and tuning it for stable flight, then little snippets as I enable each of the internal functions for testing. Thank you for your support. Hey David. Regarding moving when following you. Sorry, I do recall and think I answered it but no worries, I'll answer it again. Absolutely yes :-) How is that? To be more specific, you could ask Zano to circle you whilst your running along for example. Whilst doing so Zano will keep you in the centre of the camera view. We can add all manner of pre-programmed movements like this. Does that help? Hey Special. Regarding WIFI, the single biggest issue generally is the quality of the LNA/PA (Low noise amp for receiving and Power amp for transmitting) coupled with the usually poor antennas on consumer equipment. We have a WIFI tower we erect at our office that provides blanket coverage out to a mile in any direction mainly due to the good quality and BIG antenna and the quality of the chipset itself. Hey Doug. Sorry, auto-correct missed up some of my response to you. I agree, the larger UAV's are now (I had not) fairly easy to build and there is a lot of decent open source hardware and software to get a basic UAV up and flying quite quickly. As you have so rightly said, making something as capable and as tiny as Zano is an engineering challenge in itself, let alone the software we have been able to squeeze in. Really appreciate the support and have a great weekend. Have a good afternoon everyone. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano One more thing. The beta tester form. I will post an update tomorrow with the link, for now, please just use; <url>’m still quietly confident we will hit that final stretch goal which means come June, your Zano’s will be swarming enabled. :-) Hey Robert. Regarding additional videos. I am looking through our archives of early prototypes where I know we took some decent footage of avoidance etc. When I find these, I will make these available. Hey Special. Regarding 802.11ac. This may get a bit geeky but I’ll explain a little RF basics if that is ok. 802.11b from my experience has the best range but lowest bandwidth (still enough for Zano though just you get lower frame rate). 802.11b makes use of less phase angles for encoding data, more narrow channels and supports down to 1mbps. 802.11ac is specifically designed to increase data throughput and supports up to 433.33Mbit/s per spatial stream of which 8 streams are supported. It supports wider channels and operates in the 5G spectrum. The longer the range, the lower the bandwidth, the higher the bandwidth the short the range. This is assuming a number of factors stay true, that is antenna design, power output, obstacles etc. Also 802.11b operates on 2.4G, vs 5G. Another rule of thumb (doesn’t always hold true but generally) the higher the frequency, the lower the range (non line of sight) as higher frequencies are antenuated more by physical matter. Physical matter includes dust in the air, interference can also come from ionic and other forms of radiation from earth and from space. Material properties of the earth around you can also make a huge difference. RF works well over water as this works as a ground plane and also provides line of sight. So in answer to your question, yes, 802.11ac with a good setup could provide excellent range and bandwidth. However, for Zano, bandwidth isn’t so critical as range might be and the range tests we have done at 2km where using 802.11b at 11mbps and >87% signal strength. Does that help or have I confused things? :-) Hey Greg. Regarding raw footage, Sheri is quite correct, the guys are working on this and we will post something before the end of the campaign. Hey Simon, Hey CanadianCoffee, Hey Lim Kok Leong. Regarding the TED Quadcopters, they are really cool but as Simon has mentioned, they are actually a demonstration of mathematics not of quadcopter technology. They are all centrally controlled and once again as Simon has mentioned, high speed IR cameras positioned precisely all over the room collect positional information and feed it through a central computer that then sends out commands. Zano has all the native intelligence built in. Without a high resolution local positioning system those sorts of precise movements are not possible. However in saying that, Zano’s have loads of sensors other UAV’s don’t and with a LPS (local positioning system) which could be supported by swapping out the local GPS, Zano could perform those functions entirely autonomously following nothing more than a script of desired movements like choreography for dancers. Hey Roger. Regarding batteries, they are lithium polymer and yes if not treated properly they can be quite dangerous. However, as Matthew has mentioned, Zano has an onboard battery temperature sensor so even if the battery is warm, Zano will still charge but at tiny currents and as the battery cools, the current will adjust. This is totally automatic and has been designed to suit lithium polymer battery chemistry. Everything about Zano is more like your modern smart phone than an RC Quad. Zano is intelligent, monitors its own weight, air temp, compensates for the speed of sound based on air temp for calibration of the sonar etc etc. It also supports low power modes, sleep mode and hibernate all to conserve battery power. On top of that the electronics are different to that of other quads the same size as Zano. We have special characteristics built into the hardware to prolong motor life and flight time. Regarding Zano Red and Black. All Kickstarter Zano’s will come with a certificate showing model, build date etc and to show you were part of the initial launch of Zano. We are even going to be providing nice clear Acrylic display cases for Zano through the www.flyzano.com store for those who want to display their Zano for all to see but to stop sticky fingers from meddling. Hey Walter. Regarding our flight time vs that of others. There are two reasons behind this. Firstly, not all batteries are created equal. As an R&D firm, we research everything first and that includes batteries. With our Military UAV’s we did extensive testing on batteries from 15 different manufacturers and all but two consistently failed to deliver their stated capacity when used in a UAV with high discharge. The battery we have chosen for Zano comes from one of the two manufacturers that actually produce a battery that lives up to its claims. This battery is bigger than say the Hubsan x107c battery which is also rated at 350mAh except under load, our battery has consistently delivered at least its rating. We are also subject to final weight of Zano hoping to squeeze 500-650mAh batteries as standard if we can keep this below 60grams. Secondly, battery chemistry is a funny thing. If you draw twice as much current, you typically get less than half as much time. The more you draw, the less capacity the battery has. This is made even worse with low frequency switching electronics like the speed controllers on many cheap small UAV’s. There bigger and more expensive UAV’s and Zano, use filtering to even out the load on the battery which does have a noticeable albeit small impact of flight time. Zano does one thing more and switches motors out of phase to each other to further even out battery load and prolong the capacity of the battery to deliver. This means the battery voltage doesn’t drop as quickly and we drain every last % out giving yet again a noticeable but small improvement. Putting these things together, makes a substantial difference to flight time and performance. Regarding motor life. Unlike other quads of the same size, the motors fail due to brush wear, now this is caused as much through arching as it is through friction. We sort a lot of the arching issues out with hardware design and as such have significantly longer motor life. Regarding Swift, production Swift is very different to Zano. Ceramic components, high temperature substrates, conformal coating, higher performance motors and much more expensive too, also cryptographic support beyond that of Zano as Swift has more military and law enforcement purposes. The Swift videos were made using the Zano prototype but the production Swift will be quite different. They both start from the same heritage. It is things like Swift that I was mentioning before. We, Torquing Group, have the technology to build all manner of advanced autonomous nano UAV’s but Swift is expensive to make and outside the consumer price range as a result. We are doing Swift because of the interest in Zano and the police, fire, rescue etc want Zano capabilities which don’t currently exist in any other UAV so Swift is a special hardened version for that market. So your getting in Zano all the coolest stuff we can do right now in a consumer UAV and Swift is a special version basically for law enforcement etc. Can’t have them missing out on all the fun. Thank you for your support too throughout this campaign. Hey Esmonde. Thank you, really nice comment and much appreciated. Hey Larry. Are you being a softy and buying your wife a Zano? You could even have the case embroided with the year and type of wedding anniversary, be it silver, golden etc :-) Properly Geek out ;-) Are you promising early delivery?!?! ;-) Do we need to have a quiet chat my friend? lol. Hey Alan. Thank you for your well wishes, I’ll pass that along to the team. They have left Gatwick now and are mid flight to Las Vegas. Hey Byron, Hey Brent. Regarding the two blade propeller. Byron is right but there is a little more to it. The slower the propeller the higher efficiency you can achieve as the wind drag on the tip of the propeller becomes a lower % of overall load. If the motor is high speed motor (all these little ones tend to be) then a two blade propeller is better tuned to run at very high speed than a 3, 4, or 5 etc blade propeller. The more blades, the slower they are designed to run. Motors have a sweet spot, the spot at which power in and power out is at the closest point. If your propellers are creating too much drag and the motor is outside this point, your burning energy. Like Byron has said, it becomes less effecienct. However if your motor is higher torque and lower speed, the more blades may well be better tuned. Choosing propellers and motors is an art and requires lots of research which is what we have done. You have to get the right propeller for your requirements and to match the motor. Hey Special. Regarding the SDK, we will have a comprehensive and well documented SDK available. Regarding running a controller on a desktop, server etc. Absolutely. We have a fully html5 and css3 user interface for one of our UAV’s running on a PHP backend on a LAMP (Linux Apache, MySQL PHP) server. This uses the SDK to render an entire dynamic and smooth UI for your browser. Regarding range, being WIFI, range is easy to extend. The easiest way is a very good tuned antenna called a phased array antenna. This provides a directional high gain antenna so helps with sending out a stronger signal and helps by receiving tiny signals and making them useful. Regarding a glass of wine. How big is the glass and what is the total weight of the contents? I like your thinking though. :-) Hey Brent. Regarding the lens. It is difficult as Zano is so space constrained as well as weight. We are going to be releasing different cameras for people to change out themselves (very easy process) and we may be able to do a lens more like the GoPro. Bear in mind GoPro is very fisheye and designed to capture a broad angle but it does distort the picture. Regarding 3D printing propellers. This was asked a week or so back as I recall. A few people corrected me when I commented that I didn’t think it would be possible to 3D print something strong enough this small. Looks like a laser sintering nylon printer or similar has the resolution and strength to print the propellers. An ABS printer doesn’t have the ability to create something balanced enough due to the way it fills in the outline. Any fraction of a gram imbalance in the blades would cause huge shudder. Thank you for your support. Hey Doug. Regarding Zano being proven technology, that is a fair point. It is brand new technology. The larger UAV’s are not fairly easy to build as all the technology is proven and readily available. Zano has such huge levels of integration and miniaturisation all sorts of new issues have presented themselves. That is why we will do as many revisions as needed before the final production build gets underway in May to make sure we deliver a 1st class, world first product to you all that will simply get better with feedback from our Beta-testers and from our internal testing. Thank you for your support too. Hey Special. Regarding a home sentry. Sorry if you read these comments but a while back, the discussion was about a automated landing and recharging platform. I have managed to get gold charging pads on the arms and assuming we can get this making contact on the landing pad, automated landing, launch and charging should be possible. We will also put in some additional stuff into the landing bay to help Zano locate it. Zano has endless possibilities because it is autonomous and you can through simply software launch it, task it, land it and repeat :-) Hey Leon. Regarding bitcoin. Probably not. As a UK company, we have to comply with HMRC and they get a little upset regarding anything they can’t tax. Good question though and thank you for your support. Hey Larry. Regarding security. Have you see how big Reece is? I don’t know if you know but I’m 6’3, I’m not little and I have to look up to chat with Reece. In the videos, he adjusts his seat down so we look about the same height. I think Reece is a one man Geek security force. Sam who is going too is taller again. Then poor Thomas who is of normal height (about 5’11) looks like a hobbit alongside those two. Hey Ken. Thank you for your well wishes. I know the guys are going to be so busy but it should be a fun show for them. Regarding the party. We are looking to help with transport, if you can fly to Heathrow or Gatwick, its an easy train ride to Newport where we can arrange a minibus to get people to the Celtic Manor (Its a stunning place), or you may be able to fly to Cardiff or Bristol. Either way, with a mini bus and the trains, we can do what we can to help everyone get there. Hey Mark. Regarding super early bird red. I will speak with Reece about adding that reward level. At the moment, if you have white or black at any other level and want to swap to red, you can do this on the survey at the end. Hey Lim Kok Leong. Regarding flight time etc. If you could read my response above about this and if you have additional questions, please let me know. Is that ok? Regarding FPV. The video and control signals are one in the same so if you have control of Zano you also get FPV video from the camera. Both are fully encrypted using WPA2 so no-one can piggy back your video or take control of your Zano so long as you choose a good WPA2 password. :-) Regarding the range extender. There is now significant demand for this so I will see if we can prioritise it and have it ready for June shipment. We are looking to do a universal attachment to your phone so you clip your phone into the extender but the extender is stand alone so you could simply leave it powered up and in your backpack or similar too. Hey Yannick. Thank you for your wishes and I’ll pass those along. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good morning everyone and Happy New Year!!! I was in the office with the team this morning doing a final check and making sure they have everything and I can now say they are on their way from Pembrokeshire in Wales to London to fly out to Las Vegas for the CES show. I am staying behind and my team and I are flat out working on Zano, production revisions, bills of material revisions, apps and graphics etc. We are going to use the time with the marketing and mechanical guys away from the office and make use of the peace and quiet and get some serious volumes of work done. Don't tell them I said that :-) As it is New Year's Day, I'm just posting this one message today but I will be back tomorrow as usual with my substantial responses to any and all questions. Remember the beta tester pre-registration form is now live; <url>£10 cheaper when bought as a bundle here, the actual separate item cost is not something I know, sorry. I will ask though and post a list of costs and items before the campaign ends. Is that ok? Regarding selecting both, are you happy with the responses? Hey Doug. Thank you, that final goal is well within reach. :-) Hey Robert. Regarding swift. I'll tell you all the history. Our background is military electronics, communications, cryptography, security etc and we have used all of this over the past 5 years to create some pretty cool autonomous UAV technology. Anyway, with the continuous demand for Military but with our desire to release a cool consumer UAV, we used the Zano prototype for the Swift videos but the production versions of both though based on a similar core OS are very very different. The Swift is not even close to production, nothing like the Zano and will be built using special high temp parts and the substrates used in the board themselves are special. The cases are not ABS, the are fibre re-enforce nylon. Swift has a different motor and control system and also makes use of special restricted batteries for substantial flight time. The OS changes (the operating system within Zano) also include a series of cryptographic functions. The purpose of this campaign was to create a cool, fun and highly advanced consumer UAV of tiny dimensions that you could take everywhere. We have developed the technology for Zano but law enforcement, fire fighters, rescue and military all have huge uses for what Zano can do. As such Swift will follow quite some time after Zano and will be hardened and targeted at harsh environments, the price will also reflect the tiny volumes and high component costs. Does that make sense? Hey T Kap. Regarding your super early bird, let us know at the end on the survey. We can line this up with the backer report and help you out, no worries. Sound ok? Hey Ben. Regarding red, I always liked the red. Just glad we have been able to release it as I have put my name on one of the internal marketing ones. :-) Hey matt. Regarding quality of photo and video. It is virtually the same 1080p video as you would record on most modern smart phones or tablets. The photos will be very similar too. The advantage is we are offering free of charge post processing using our HPC. The HPC will allow uploads of videos from your phone taken by Zano. It can correct, stabilise and correct the video then export it to any social media site of your choosing or back to your phone. Pretty cool function. There is video and photos edited into various videos on this campaign from Zano. I have some more I will be posting before the campaign ends. Does that help? Hey Ben. Regarding devices supported. iPad, iPod, iPhone and the usual Android devices are all supported. We will also be adding support for windows mobile. The phone or tablet is registered to your account and Zano is registered to your account. So if you had two phones and one Zano and both phones were registered to your Zano account, either phone could be used with Zano. Does that make sense? Hey Sheri. Regarding your comment, are you asking for Zano Red to be listed by itself like black and white? Regarding obstacle avoidance. I have a really good video taken years back of one of our early prototypes hovering quietly indoors then avoiding someone walking towards it. If I can find it, would that be of interest? We have run out of time to put any decent avoidance videos together of the Zano prototype, it has been a lighting quick time since we decided to build Zano. Regarding the super early bird for a black or white. Sure you could select a red. What are your thoughts if we add a reward level of red just like black and white. Hey Frans. Regarding this campaign. I'm not sure if you know this, so please accept my apologies if you do. If we only hit the £125k initial target, we would barely have broken even. Zano is expensive to make as it is completely loaded with technology and could easily justify a much higher price. The figures we are getting to now, really bring the unit cost down which allows us to use the difference in what is received through this campaign and what it costs to fulfil the pledges and our promises to you all will be used to add more and more cool functions, better apps, slicker interfaces, help produce the SDK for third party developers which in turn help grow the Zano community which in the end only benefits every Zano user as you all get the very best, coolest and latest functions and capabilities from your Zano. If we add more value, all this does is reduce the funds available to us to grow the Zano community and slows the release of new functions for you all. Zano is honestly incredible value and we will work very very hard to make Zano the very best we can and to support all the third party developers who want to help grow the community. Does that make sense? Hey Nicholas. Regarding adding items, yes, at the end of the campaign, you can add items by asking for these on the survey. Hey Mandarax. Regarding beta-testers. No, it isn't a first come, first in basis. There is a small amount of demographic information we have asked for like age range, sex, country. This will help us ensure there is a decent spread of Zano beta testers in all countries so they can be tested in all environments by the best spread of users we can. Once we close the Kickstarter Beta tester pre-registration process, we will run a statistical analysis of the data and generate a true random sample with some weighting to get the best mix we can. Does that make sense? Hey dark-hawk. Regarding maximum altitude. This depends on air temperature as this affects air density. We have a few beta-testers who do a lot of high altitude climbing who will test Zano to the limit and give us a real figure. In the mean time, do you have a specific altitude in mind? The prototype and production Zano's are very different and as we will not have the production Zano back until mid to late January, I can't actually give a accurate figure on max altitude. We have flown the prototype up some pretty decent mountains in Wales with no issue. Now re-reading my response, did you mean altitude relative to you? This is limited by the signal range of your phone or tablet. Have a great evening everyone and thank you to all those who have already submitted the beta tester pre-registration form. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Hey everyone. Opps, my mistake. I thought I marked it as live, not development in our CMS. What a school boy error. The CMS configures the URLS for local server access when testing things. Can you try again and please let me know if you encounter any issues. Kind Regards and a somewhat embarrassed, Ivan @FlyZano Good afternoon everyone. The beta tester pre-registration form is now up. <url>£10 on ebay. Hey Bo. Regarding the HPC, we certainly do have an HPC. We intend to make HPC processing functionality available for developers too to host apps for Zano users. Zano users would have to opt-in to any service and their privacy and system security are items for which there is no compromise from Torquing Group. Regarding what could be done with it, if there is a demand, I'm sure third party developers will jump at the chance to build something like what your suggestion and through our developer network we have field engineers too who can provide personal support for engineering and technical issues to assist third party developers with their projects. Regarding your doubt about the production mode being any different to the prototype model with regards to the changes I have mentioned, that is a fair point, if you don't mind I'll explain it in more detail and put some of the figures into context. The first and by far most important upgrade is the motors. A 30% increase in power isn't just a 30% increase in power. The prototype used 85% of power to Hover, the motors just were not powerful enough. At 85% only 15% is left for stabilising Zano is gusty and windy conditions. If you then compare 85% to the new power output compared with the prototype as at least 130%, Zano is then hovering at 65% leaving 35% power for stabilisation. In reality, production Zano will hover at more like 50-55% with a full battery. Anyway, even at 65% that is circa 2.3 times as capable as the prototype at dealing with gusts. That is an enormous change in performance. On top of that, the production model is also 2mm wider and longer, has the battery mounted vertically instead of horizontally so is the centre of gravity is much lower and much better centred so the load on the motors is more evenly distributed and the firmware is much more refined. I have a video I will be posting shortly that the guys have put together (they leave thursday morning so time is very tight at the moment) before they head to Las Vegas for CES. Regarding API's available for Zano, I have made mention of the two key types but it was some time ago and very much buried in these comments. Zano will support API's in most languages and platforms to make developers work easy. These libraries will handle the network communication, correction, error handling etc as well as processing the raw data from Zano into a format more recognisable to most developers. Zano also supports a direct API which is TCP 10000. Both type of interfaces will be heavily documented. The direct TCP port 10000 connection will be in Zano's native binary language and through it you have access to everything Zano does or can do and as we release functional updates, this language will evolve and expand. Does that help with your questions? Hey mark. Regarding your near IR comments earlier, I misunderstood your question slightly, sorry. I will have a chat with our camera supplier and see if lenses with your requirements are readily available. I would say the removal of IR blocking and addition of visible light blocking should be relatively routine. Would you mind leaving this one with me and I'll do some reason. Really good point about the Pi camera. I know the company who supplies the camera's so I have a direct contact to ask. Regarding different filters. I would think if there is clearance around the lens itself, a clip on filter may be an option. Would this work for you? We could always have a play with this idea later and 3D print an filter holder to try the idea. Regarding the tether. Looks like Matthew has stepped up for the challenge. I like the idea too and I am personally going to back his Kickstarter project when it goes live. Regarding cable length, it all depends on weight of cable. To make the cable lighter, means a higher voltage is required. It is a matter of finding a happy medium but certainly sounds feasible to me. Hey Ben. Regarding modular and tracking you. Mark is quite correct. Yes, you can swap the camera yourself and Zano will follow you if you put your phone in your pocket and start running around :-) Hey Walter. Thank you for sharing on Facebook and you are more than welcome. Have a great evening everyone. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good afternoon everyone. Hey Walter. Regarding the camera, Jose is quite correct, the camera is modular. The case is held together with clips formed into the injection moulding and can be removed without tools, the camera is on a ZIF socket (special zero insertion force socket) that is designed to be operated by hand so you can remove the camera ribbon cable and swap it out. Did you see on update 8 the FLIR LEPTON module we have designed that can be used to give Zano thermal imaging capabilities? Hey Matthew. Regarding the tether, I'll back your Kickstarter project. Another item for www.flyzano.com :-) I'll pop back later, have a great afternoon. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good afternoon,morning, evening depending on your time zone. Well, I had a good night sleep and ready to get back into things. The team here is frantically preparing for departure on the 1st of January to Las Vegas for the show and we have so much to do before they leave so please bear with us. Thank you everyone for your support, this campaign had a great day yesterday, we have been averaging 100 backers per day for the past 10 days and yesterday we hit 171 so thank you for helping promote what we are doing. Hey Rocco. Regarding protecting the propellers. Zano flies itself and will avoid obstacles. I know you will be pleasantly surprised at just how easy Zano is to use and no flight training required :-) Hey ksc1333. Regarding charging, Zano can be connected to any USB power source from your laptop to smart phone charger to charge the internal battery. Yes, the charge time will be the same as this is governed by the onboard battery charger. Hey Edgar. Regarding your questions, Matthew is quite correct on both questions. Regarding delivery, our project plan is for delivery in June however we can not make promises as we are dependant on our key suppliers getting us materials on time. We are ordering all the materials in January (well before final production) to ensure we stay on track and we are very organised so we are confident about the June delivery. Hey nanobot9000. Thank you for your support and your most welcome. Hey Nicholas. Regarding noise to wake, I believe Jose has answered your question. It certainly can support that, the initial firmware probably won't but it is an easy functional add-on to release so will very likely follow very shortly after shipping. Hey Wouter. Regarding stills and videos from Zano, if you check the videos you will see some of the footage we have edited into the videos from Zano. The production Zano has a different camera to the prototype Zano so the footage we have now isn't going to do the production version justice. However, we will post some raw video shortly. Hey Barry, Hey Mark, Hey Matt. Regarding the youtube video and swarming Zano's, sure shows some possibilities of what developers will start doing with Zano if for no other reason than just because they can. Pretty awesome stuff. Someone suggested a while back about a swarming pack, so lower price per unit to encourage swarming and in a bundle of 8 or 16 Zano's. Something like this we could certainly do, maybe Univerisites etc would be interested. We could help get the cost down by not retail packaging them, bulk pricing discounts etc. Hey Arnel. Good post, thank you. Hey Ken. Regarding the sharing and promoting what we are doing, thank you. After seeing yesterday almost double the last 10 days average of backers, shows that the scope is there to hit that final stretch goal. Is there a way for backers to say how they were referred? We could offer incentives to existing backers to refer a friend if there was? Anyone have thoughts on this? Hey Nicolas. Regarding flight distance from an iPhone, it depends on the version of iPhone. I found an iPhone 4 had quite a good WIFI antenna in it, in fact better range than that of an iPad mini 1. The iPhone5 isn't bad and we have had to to 30m or so. We are going to provide a compact range extender too at www.flyzano.com which will comfortably boost range to >500m. We have had control on a prototype at 2km LOS (line of sight) so >500m shouldn't be difficult to obtain in most situations. Hey mark. Regarding the camera's, great post and questions, let me answer them one at a time. Regarding camera's in general, they are quite modular and at the moment, Zano supports one camera at a time. I could update the firmware to allow the RGB display to be removed and to support natively the long wave thermal camera's as they are SPI and lower bandwidth than high pixel count visible cameras. This could be a latter functional update and would support both visible and long wave IR at the same time. That would allow swapping between them. Just remember, the single biggest issue is weight and size. Zano is tiny. Regarding near IR, that is a filter applied to the lens that makes the camera especially sensitive from 800-900nm if my memory serves me correctly, this is ideal for low light usage but not complete darkness. As the lenses are not changeable on these little camera's it would have to be a camera swap to provide this near IR capability. Your comment and wavelength specifics is very interesting, I will look more into that. In all honesty, I am not a photography expert so you may well know a great deal more about these filters and lenses than myself. I'll take your comments away if that is ok and do some research. Regarding a switchable filter, I suppose it would be. Are you aware of any smart phone, tablet camera's with that capability? We tend to use camera modules that the phone/tablet industry creates as they have proven themselves very good at making these things tiny. If your able to recommend any modules with those capabilities, I will be sure to have a good look to see if it is possible to integrate them. Regarding powering Zano from a tether, technically absolutely. The issue comes down to resistance on copper wire. If you were to run two thin copper wires with a source voltage of 3-4v to Zano to power it, the resistance would result in a voltage drop when Zano tried to fly so this wouldn't work. To get around this, you would ideally need >10v as the current can be quite high and then a high powered switch mode regulator locally to reduce that supply voltage to something Zano is happy with. So technically this is very possible and not that difficult. Specifications would be as such. Local lightweight power supply weighing no more than 10grams would need to deliver 6amp peaks and 3amp continuous current to Zano at 4v. This module would ideally switch at well over 1MHz to keep the inductor size small and reduce interference with Zano on board electronics. The source voltage to this device would ideally be 20v or higher as this would still result in a current of 1a at 20v when Zano is flying assuming 80-90% switching efficiency. You may be able to find an off the shelf switch mode buck module (buck is a voltage dropping regulator) that would be suitable. Remember, it also has to be the same size or smaller than the Zano battery or attach to the underside of Zano. The total weight on your connecting wires, coupled with the weight of the switch mode module would need to be no more than a few grams more than the Zano battery. I know a group of electronic engineers I could recommend you contact if you wanted something like this, alternatively, we could look to build and stock something like this on www.flyzano.com if I can get enough demand for it. Thank you for your support mark. Hey Larry. Regarding the Hottest Kickstarter post, thank you for sharing that. Pretty cool and I know everyone here is chuffed. We are still stunned by the enormity of support from the community here. It has been a humbling exercise for us running this campaign and working closely with you all for the past 5 weeks. Hey Collin. Regarding Unity3D, please hassle away. My oversight for being confusing. Our SDK will support as many platforms and systems as we possibly can. Every major device, library, framework, platform will get supported. For us it is an issue about priority. I think support Unity3D is a great plus for the SDK and this will definitely happen, if we can get more software developers expressing their desire to use Zano with Unity3D graphics framework, we will definitely push the priority even higher to give the developers the support they need. Much of our business is supporting developers as they will help create the market for Zano, as such we need developers to tell us what they want from us. Does that make sense? Does it answer your question? Hey Yannick. Regarding selfie term. I know exactly what your saying. It was difficult when we started Zano to find a simple marketing way of communicating what Zano could be used for as you are 100% correct and there are thousands of uses. One of the guys here saw someone at a marathon for charity running with a selfie stick and a camera on top of that and we thought, well that doesn't look cool but running with your own robot filming you would look so much cooler if somewhat futuristic. It is for those sorts of reasons we kind of went with selfie drone, playing on the recent media about selfie drones and linking this publicity to that of people sharing pictures and videos of themselves with friends and family on social networking. You are quite right, Zano is so much more than a selfie drone but it was a starting point to get the word out. When this campaign completes, a new site will appear @ www.flyzano.com with a different angle. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good evening everyone. Sorry I haven't responded earlier, I have been on the road all day and just got home just before midnight. I'm off for hopefully a goodnight sleep and I'll respond to the questions tomorrow. We have a video update this week for you before the team leaves for CES and we will also post some more videos as promised. Thank you to you all for your continued support and goodnight. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good morning everyone. Fantastic read this morning. The various conversations going on here. Thank you Matthew and Georg in putting my straight on the 3D printing of the propellers. I stand corrected. I think the only query here targeted at me is about dimensions. The prototype was 65mm from motor centre to motor centre. Now 65mm in imperial is 2.559 inches. The production unit will actually be 67mm motor centre to centre as we need slightly longer arms to allow some tolerance for the propeller to body distance. The propellers are a little bit close for my liking so we have added 1mm to each arm. 67mm is 2.637inches and 1mm is one 25th of an inch. The RGB display is 23mm square which is just less than an inch and the body is 14mm taller than that which makes the overall height about 37mm or 1.456inches. I usually work in microns which would really confuse everyone :-) If I missed any questions, please hassle me :-) for an answer. Have a great morning everyone. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Hey Robert. Regarding 3D printing. The prototypes are all 3D printed and all the plastic parts weigh about 8-10grams including the paint. So long as parts don't weigh in at 30grams, I would suggest people should be fine. Hey Matthew. Regarding the propellers. I'm more thinking about the x/y bonding. Most ABS type printers draw an outline which is very precise but they fill in the gaps in a different matter. It's the filling in the gaps that would cause the imbalance issue. Also, our Dimension 1200ES is a pretty decent production unit but I suspect something as thin as a propeller would probably pull the layers apart with the centrifugal force at the kinds of speeds they spin. Out of interest, have you seen examples of 3D printed propellers? Honestly I don't know if it is possible, I'm just theorising based on our printer. I'll make the STL files available anyway, personally I don't know if it is possible to 3D print propellers this small to deal with the forces. Anyone have thoughts on this? Have a nice evening everyone. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good evening all, Hey everyone. Thank you for your support and I understand your comments about the technology and pricing. For us, we have priced agressively as we aim to make Zano the de facto standard for Nano UAV's. There is a huge amount of R&D and technology in such a tiny package and your quite right, we could justify a higher price but in all honesty, we want everyone to have one. Don't forget our core business will be in future functional updates so the more Zano's the more cool functions we can release and be a profitable business in for the long term. We also want to support developers and third parties using our technology and by pricing aggresively, we make sure third party developers have a bigger market too. Does that make sense? Hey Mark. Regarding the price of the battery. I would expect a retail price of about $8ea. Our batteries have protection circuitry in them too to prevent over discharge of the battery. Hey Bas. Regarding the standard case, yes you can add this at the end of the campaign along with spares etc that you may want. Hey Walter. Regarding RRP of Zano when it hits the shelves, it will be £170-£180. The final price will reveal itself once we have done a decent production build as we will have a true cost per unit. Hey Frans. Regarding STL files for the propellers. Unfortunately these are something that you may be able to print but wouldn't be up to the job. Not with any printer I know of. The propellers are carefully balanced and spin between 50,000 and shy of 100,000rpm so any imperfection will cause really bad shudder. All the other parts can be 3D printed but I don't believe the props could be. If anyone is aware of a printer that would print something robust enough, please share it here as that would be super cool. Have a great evening everyone. Kind Regards Ivan @FlyZano Good afternoon all, Sorry I haven't done my usual morning responses. I'm currently travelling to the airport to drop family off. I will log on later and respond. Have a great Sunday. Kind Regards Ivan @FlyZano Just an FYI, Wednesday the 31th December 2014, we will be making the Beta-Tester pre-registration available on www.flyzano.com. Remember, you will need to use your Kickstarter nickname and some other basic demographic information as well as email address, preferred contact method. We are still ironing out the specifics of the form but it will be simple so remember to check back here regularly and I will post the full address of the form the minute it is available. If you become a beta-tester, you get all the latest updates, news and events before anyone else. All we need you to do is download 80% of all upgrades we publish and report on 80% of the upgrades you download. You need to have pledged for a Zano so £139 and above as obviously you can't test a Zano without owning one :-) Have a nice evening everyone. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good evening everyone. Hey Collin. Really sorry, not 100% sure but your referring to Unity3D? One of our developers is very comfortable with Unity3D so part of this remit will be SDK libraries to support this. Quite when it will be released depends on the demand. If you can get a lot of other game designers asking for it, I can bring the priority up on it. Hey Andrew. Regarding regulations, one reason we have kept Zano down to such a tiny weight is that our conversations with UK government officials has shown that below 60grams they really don't care. 60grams is just not going to hurt anyone even. We are also going to work with legislators worldwide to keep Zano legal. This is another reason we have built in so many software failsafes so Zano can restrict its altitude, distance in any direction from the operator, automated no fly zones like around Military installations, Number 10 Downing St etc. There are no guarantees, however Zano is tiny and we are making a commitment to work with legislators to keep Zano legal. Hey Doug. Regarding obstacle avoidance. The best way to see it is that Zano can sense the distance of the closest object to any face of Zano. So if Zano senses something in front and to the left, naturally it will fly to the right. If you box Zano in on the front, left and right, it will naturally try and maintain distance from each object so as you move, it will move with you. Do you remember the old computer game called Pong, the two paddles with a single ball bouncing around (now I'm showing my age), Zano is like the ball, you put something in front of any face and it can either hold or move away. Its all configurable. We have actually played Pong with a prototype to Zano. My brother and brother in law tried to box it into the corner of our warehouse. When one of them put a foot under it accidentally, it detected the foot as being closer than the ground so climbed about 600mm to compensate, it was then above them both and it flew back into the middle of the room. This was all without any human intervention. With latter improvements to the image processing engine onboard, we will be able to perform more complex movements and avoidance so if it senses an object in front, it could navigate its way through. These are all planned functional upgrades. Does that answer your question? Regarding a special case. I can see this as a cool add-on. A special outdoor Zano for those who want a hardened rescue ready Zano. I guess time will tell, if the demand is there, we will respond in kind and release a version to provide these capabilities. Hey Emmanuel. Nice to have you here and thank you for your support. Camera upgrades that are planned, OIS camera, near IR camera, long wave thermal imaging camera are all in the pipeline. Regarding external processing. We are providing free of charge our HPC (super computer) for post processing, image stabilisation, correction, filters etc. Regarding limiting speed of Zano, yes very much. Everything about Zano is configurable including ground speed, yaw speed (rotation) etc. Hey Larry. Regarding the delivery date. I think one thing that is interesting and different about Zano is that we can build the hardware before all the functions are ready. So long as Zano firmware works and provides all the basics and allows the full and latest updates to be downloaded and programmed upon powered up, we can ship Zano's in a base state and by the time people receive them, power it up and connect for the first time, every single update can be downloaded automatically ensuring we can ship on time. We are also working with a professional manufacturer who has a project plan showing deliver in June. In our risks section, our single biggest risk is parts supply. If parts come in early, we may well end up starting the build before schedule. I am adamant that we won't be late, I have my personal pride involved in this :-) but time will tell if our suppliers deliver everything on time or before. Whatever happens, Myself and Reece will ensure backers are up to date all throughout the next 6 months on the build schedule. Even milestones as all the parts are received will be posted for everyone. It is great to have so much interest in Zano and the support to match. Thank you to you too for all your support. Regarding the OAP (old age pensioner) fall problem, I think my grandfather would have loved to launch a Zano. There are some real opportunities in tele health for Zano and its technology. I hope developers in this field get involved and make use of our SDK for such purposes. Hey Victor. Regarding shipping worldwide, anywhere we can send post, we will deliver too. Some areas I am sure will take longer but yes, we will ship to Brazil. Nice to have you here and thank you for your support. Hey Didier. Regarding swarming, everything will be in the SDK for Zano including the protocol used for both the WIFI connection, the IR connection as well as the 868 and 915MHz connections that Zano hardware natively supports. Once we release the swarming firmware, the latter two forms of communication will become active and provide endless possibilities for exactly what your suggestion. Hey Zul. Regarding the batteries, the larger the battery, the heavier Zano becomes which is one reason we are limiting the standard battery Zano ships with so we can always stay below 60grams. We will make upgraded batteries available but these will be carefully selected to provide either the same or an increase in energy density and still within the weight margins of Zano. Regarding adding at the end, whatever new add-ons we have available or will have available for June shipment will be offered to all backers after this campaign finishes in case you want to add things to your Zano. Regarding Android, yes, Zano will support iOS, Android and shortly thereafter Windows. Does that help? Hey Ken. Regarding iPad and Android. If they are both on your same Zano account then yes, they will both work. If you create two Zano accounts and register one device to each, you will encounter the lost/stolen Zano failsafe. Which you can disable if you chose but this would trigger it. I hope you are all having a nice weekend. Getting chilly here now, down to 3c which is still very mild for this time of year. Being Australian I am not complaining though as anything below 25c to me is cold. :-) Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good morning everyone, I hope you have all had a good break and have a nice relaxing weekend ahead. Hey Nigel. Regarding May delivery, it is possible but I can't make any promises. Our plan shows delivery in June and this is reliant on suppliers getting stock to us. If their lead times improve then we may start shipping in May. I will be keeping everyone updated on the progress of this project well after this campaign finishes. Hey Andrew. Regarding how loud is Zano. At 1m away it is about the same as typical human conversation. At 3m outdoors, you can barely hear it even if there is no wind and its perfectly quiet. Hey Larry. Almost January though :-) Hey everyone. There are a few questions/queries about security. Really good questions and suggestions. How does this sound; 1. Each Zano will be registered to a users account as they all have unique serial numbers. If a Zano is lost, we will provide a lost/stolen link on www.flyzano.com. You can log on to your account, select one of your Zano devices and then mark it as lost/stolen. If that serial number then is attempted to be assigned or used by another Zano user, we can trigger a software failsafe and disable Zano if you select that option but also show you where your Zano was last powered up when someone else tried to register it. 2. Regarding re-flashing Zano with the safeties removed. Zano firmware is fully encrypted and is only decrypted once inside Zano. Also, once Zano is programmed for the first time in our factory, Zano can only every be reprogrammed by the Zano OS (On board Zano software) only, the Micro-controller has all the code protection settings enabled to prevent people trying to hack the OS or reprogramming it. 3. Regarding reseting Zano firmware. Only the Zano app can reset the Zano firmware and this can certainly be restricted to only allowing a Zano which is correctly registered to your account to be reset. Hey Frans. Regarding more videos, we have these in the pipeline. With Christmas and now a weekend, we will look into this this coming week. Please bear in mind the team is also getting ready for the CES trip to Las Vegas so time is limited. We will get as much together as we can and post it for you to see. Hey Robert. Regarding your launch without handset. Its a really neat suggestion and all very possible. I will look to implement this idea along with the toss to launch automated functions that others have suggested. It certainly would make the whole process more smooth. Thank you for the suggestion. Hey Russell. Regarding the Zano's being marked for Kickstarter. Every Kickstarter Zano will have a certificate showing model, build number etc to commemorate this Kickstarter campaign. Marking the Zano's directly would substantially slow down production as the only method that would really work is laser etching and the process start to end could take minutes per unit. Consider how many Kickstarter Zano's need to be built, this would end up pushing the delivery dates backwards. Are you happy with the certificate? Hey Ben. Thank you for your support throughout this campaign, much appreciated. Hey Sheri. Zano v Parrot BEBOP. Firstly, Parrot do some brilliant work. Well done to the Parrot team. The BEBOP is 390g, Zano is 57g. Thats pretty much the thing. BEBOP is a really cool gadget, nicely built. I don't like drawing comparisons to competitors, because anything I say is going to sound bias. What I can do is highlight what Zano is; 1. Less than 60g 2. Fits in the palm of your hand 3. Loads of intelligent failsafes 4. Automatically adjusts distance and altitude limits to comply with local legislation. 5. Connects to our HPC for superb post processing. 6. Automatically links and uploads to your social networks. 7. Full obstacle avoidance designed to be flown in or out doors 8. Can fly upside down 9. Zano is only 67mm motor to motor. BEBOP is 280mm. 10. Interactive display 11. Autonomous (Flies itself, can launch, land, fly to location, return, carry out functions all without human intervention) BEBOP is cool, no two ways but it is four times the size and 5 times the weight of Zano. Regarding the tilt. We are making the camera manually tillable. However if you set an incline angle, Zano will fly the direction of the incline. So if it is following you, it will naturally tilt on the angle required to follow you. Hey Abdul. Regarding waterproof. No, it isn't water proof. Think of Zano like your smart phone. Light rain is ok but don't let it get too wet. Hey Ken. Thank you for your support. I'll ask the guys to render the standard case to show you all. Hey ksc1333. Regarding the standard case, I will ask the guys to sort this, see my message above. :-) Hey Roger. Regarding avoidance, yes Zano already has avoidance sensors on the front, back, left and right as well as top and bottom. Yes, the full long wave thermal imaging camera will be a option as well as a visible light near IR camera will be an option. Thank you for your support. Hey Collin. Regarding Unity3D, yes very much this is possible. It isn't something I personally have a great deal of experience in but some of our developers certainly do and can make the relevant libraries for Unity3D to communicate with Zano. Good question. Hey Minning. Regarding the GITD. I like Matthews idea of UV leds. I will check out the frequency of light used to charge the GITD plastic and see what I can do about incorporating additional leds not he flight frame. This way when you fly, Zano would glow. :-) Hey Simon. Regarding rescue me. Someone did mention Zano as a emergency beacon, what your suggesting is along the same lines? I really like this idea and its such a good one to build. Zano charged int he case, in event of emergency, launch Zano and SOS your way to assistance. Really cool feature. Definitely something I will look into. Thank you for your support. Have a great morning everyone. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Hey everyone, I scrolled down to my last post and forgot about the questions before that. sorry. Here goes. Hey Peter. Thank you. We had a great day, really unwound and ready and raring to go now. £1m is a massive achievement and one that we are so proud to have reached. It is because of every single backer that we have got this far. Hey Bosco. Merry Christmas and thank you. Hey Jef. Regarding the HPC. Standard usage of the HPC is free of charge to all Zano owners. We will offer professional services which will be chargeable but free for all Zano users and it will always be free. A standard image depending on filters applied would take only milliseconds to possibly massive reprocessing such as reconstructive forensic resample might take a few seconds. Hey TKoh. Regarding swarming. Swarming WILL be released even if we don't hit the £2m goal, it will just take us a little longer but you will still get it within the free 12 months of upgrades. Thank you for your support too. £1m, what a milestone. Hey Andrew. Merry Christmas and thank you. I am quietly confident about the £2m goal, still two weeks to go and the last 3 days of this campaign are the first 3 days of CES show in Las Vegas. Hey Roger. Regarding the 3D models, once we finalise the shapes for production, we will release the models on the www.flyzano.com website. Have fun! :-) Hey Ben. Really appreciate all your support and for the acknowledgment. Thank you too for your FAQ page you put together. Have you checked the number of hits on it? Merry Christmas. Hey Stefan. Thank you, what a milestone. We are all so grateful for the support from this community. Hey Midhun. Merry Christmas and thank you for all your support over the duration of this campaign. Hey Matt. I just realised I have been wishing everyone Merry Christmas but that was yesterday so rather than retype all my Merry Christmas greetings. I'll change it here to Have a happy and healthy new year. Thank you for your support. Hey Brent. £1m is a massive milestone, thank you for your support. Have a happy and healthy new year. Hey Roger. Thank you. Have a happy and healthy new year. Hey Matthew. Thank you. Thank you for your support too. Hey Doug. 11.59pm GMT it ticked over and what a Christmas present. Santa came early. Thank you to everyone. Hey Mark. Thank you. Go Santa :-) Hey Simon. Thank you. Have a happy and healthy new year. Hey Larry. Its now £27k passed £1m. The support is fantastic. Thank you. Hey Alwyn. Regarding obstacle avoidance, it is both proportional to the error (how much closer or further away than it should be) as well as velocity. Those two variables are filtered and fused carefully to provide a smooth avoidance response. So yes, if you fly slowly, you can get much closer. Hey adchesney. Thank you for your support. We are very proud to be British, to have all the designs done here, most of the manufacturing done here and creating jobs here. Very exciting times ahead. Thank you for your support. Hey Joerg. Have a happy and healthy new year and thank you for your support. Hey Tasio. Regarding the SDK, this will be very comprehensive as your are 100% correct, a good SDK is critical to it being adopted by the development community. Have a happy and healthy new year and thank you for your support and welcome. :-) Hey Peter. Regarding going global, absolutely and thank you. I am pleased to have the backing of this fantastic community and together we made it happen. As you have said, everyone here is part of this and when you see Zano in the stores and on news helping rescue people etc to know this is where it all started is pretty neat. Hey Eirkur. Regarding the 3D models, as soon as we have the designs finalised, we will release the 3D models on www.flyzano.com site. Hey Peter. Individually matching numbers to Zano's would be a big logistics issue but providing a Kickstarter backer certificate to show all your Zano's are from the very first ever Zanos and to show the model type, number etc is doable. To everyone, if I have missed any questions, please prompt me. Either way, I hope you all have a happy and healthy new year, holiday, festive season and Christmas. :-) I think I got it all covered. Kind Reards, Ivan @FlyZano Good morning everyone and I hope you have all had a great Christmas (if you celebrate it, if not a great break). Surprises are still pending, so no spoilers today, sorry :-) Hey Larry. Merry Christmas to you and your family. It is now 10.12 and I was sitting reading the comments with a cup of coffee and thought it was definitely time to log on. Thank you for the nudge :-) Hey Anthony. Regarding the cold. LIPO batteries output voltage is greatly affected by the temperature. As such, it is very unwise to charge a battery to 100% in the cold then take it somewhere warmer as the voltage will climb rapidly and can damage the battery. When flying, Zano will make the batteries warm due to the rapid discharge so in the cold you should be fine when Zano is actually in the air. Regarding storage of the batteries, if your snowboarding and want to take some spare batteries with you, your best bet is to keep the spares on your person as your body heat will keep the batteries at a similar temperature to what Zano will keep them at when flying. Regarding testing in the cold, we certainly will. Does that help? Hey Tasio. Regarding the Gamepad. Good idea and absolutely. Not initially but as we are publishing a full software developers kit and no doubt, developers will build apps to use virtually every cool piece of hardware out there with Zano. It is just a matter of time. Hey Arik. Regarding waterproof. QuadH2O does look pretty cool. Not quite possible for Zano as every gram is so critical but good suggestion. Hey CanadianCoffee. Merry Christmas to you and your family. Thank you, fantastic news. It hit £1,000,040 at 11.59 Christmas Eve in the UK literally seconds before midnight. Regarding a small payload and a hook. Absolutely. We had a question about flying a small packet of crisps to a mates house across the road (Still one of my favourite questions emailed to us as it made us all chuckle), the new motors should comfortably lift a small payload. Hey Leon. Thank you and Merry Christmas. Thank you for your support and for being part of this fantastic community. Hey Will. Merry Christmas to you and your family. Hey Arnel. Thank you. Very exciting. Hey Nick. Really appreciate it Nick. We will see you in the new year. Hey Yannick. Merry Christmas to you and your family. Thank you. Hey Andrew. Merry Christmas and :-) Have a great day everyone and I'll pop back later. Kind Regards and seasons greetings. Ivan @FlyZano Drat typo. Kind Regards Ivan Merry Christmas everyone. Thank to you all from everyone at Torquing a Group for your incredible support and helping us meet and already exceed the £1m goal. I'll be back to answer questions tomorrow. From the entire team here, Merry Christmas and thank you. Kin a Regards Ivan @FlyZano Good afternoon everyone and Merry Christmas. Regarding flight time, we are going to release an extended flight time battery. This may push Zano over the 60g mark so beware, Zano will only allow you to use it where legislation permits. Zano will not fly if you try and use this battery in an area where it must be below 60g. However, if outdoor areas, down hill snowboard or skiing etc. This battery should be ideal. It should extend the flight time by 30-40% but as I don’t yet know the final weight of the production Zano because we don’t have them yet, I can’t make any promises about actual flight time, just that it will improve it without too affecting the flight ability. Regarding the numbering idea, its a valid point. What does everyone think of a certificate for every limited edition model stating model, build number, the name of the person who built it and the build date? We can't etch of print the circuit board directly due to very little circuit board being free. We could use the MAC number of the WIFI module itself as the certificate number, that is unique and is bound to the specific Zano. Then every model is uniquely identifiable. How does that sound? Hey Thomas. Noted, thank you. Hey Blake. Regarding increasing volume and decreasing cost. What this allows us to do is add more functions for you all. If anyone is a distributor, retailer or wants a bulk order, they just need to contact us at <email> and start a discussion with Reece. He would be your best point of contact regarding larger volumes. Does that answer your question? Regarding the propellers, we will be releasing lots of different colours or do you mean a single propeller which is red, white and blue all in one? Regarding other parts, the feet certainly are changeable. The arms aren't unless coloured in the factory as these are actually circuit board. Hey JPH. Regarding the numbering, what do you think of my comment above? Does that meet your suggestion? Regarding the camera. Noted and thank you. We will find a solution, just haven't solved it completely yet. -) Hey Yannick. Regarding the cases, good question. The standard case with all the battery slots, space spare props and a general storage pouch etc is £25. The reward level that includes a Zano and a standard case is only £15 more which was a calculation error on our part but we will honour that, it was meant to be £25 more. Regarding the family pack, yes, we are pretty flexible. If you want various combination, we can certainly sort that. Hey Doug. Regarding Zano's working together. We have built in a special mesh network into ALL Zano's and though the firmware doesn't support it yet, it will do shortly after shipping even if we don't hit the final £2m stretch goal to enable swarming. This allows you to link Zano's and swarm them in whatever formation you wish, allows them to follow each other automatically etc. Does that help? Hey Roger. Regarding the GITD and pledge adjustment. Yes, if you adjust your pledge and want the GITD as well but have chosen a different pledge, we will ensure you get one. It may mean we use one of our reserve models if we need too but at the moment with the time remaining, either way you will get a GITD if you want one. We are planning to hold onto a small % of each limited edition one ourselves for demo's but if needed, we will release these to our Kickstarter backers. We want to ensure you all get the rewards your after to say thank you for your support. Does that help? Hey P. Joey. Regarding the extra flight time, see my comment above. Does that help answer your question? Hey Doug. Regarding higher wind speed than Zano can handle. I really like that idea, I can build a new failsafe that if Zano is loosing position despite its best efforts then it lands. Thats a cool failsafe. Thank you for the suggestion. Hey Sheri. Regarding the video etc. I will get in contact with Sam, our videographer and see what raw content we have archived. I will get him to do a quick slice edit, so only stitch stuff together into a single video and we can post that. How does that sound? Hey Tuan. Regarding the glow in the dark plastic. It is a good quality plastic from a specialist supplier. I can ask for more technical details. I think Matthew suggestion UV leds to keep it charged. I will look into this too. Regarding orientation, the landing leds are all linked but can be absolutely any colour, you chose. If you want LEDS for orientation you can always turn on the RGB display, its brilliant for showing orientation. Just remember Zanos orientation doesn't matter as if you want Zano to fly forward, it will fly away from you no matter what direction it is pointing, if you want it to fly backwards, it will fly towards you, once again not matter what direction it is pointing so orientation is more about what the camera is pointing at, and has no real impact of your tasking of it. Does that make sense and help answer your question? Hey Bryon. Daryl and Matthews answers are correct. If you need additional information, please let me know. Zano is incredible capable for its size but physics gets in the way, limiting speed and flight time simply due to its size and electronic payload. Hey Creative. Regarding glow in the dark propellers. They will be available as spares for the GITD limited edition so you will be able to purchase them. Hey Mandarax. Regarding adjusting the pledge and swapping rewards. You can manage your pledge and adjust it then select the new rewards. Or it may be the other way around but you can do it by managing your pledge. :-) Hey Florian. Regarding the fake site, thank you for mentioning this. Its crazy and the 4th time they have allowed these fake Zano sites. They are getting pretty quick at removing them now as I think the support we have here and the number of people who jump on it, gives them the kick to remove it. Thank you. Hey David. Regarding the videos, please see my earlier comment in this post. We will compile something and post it after Christmas. Should show what your after as some of the footage we took was in woeful weather especially at blue lagoon. That is where the guy jumped off the rock into the water, the wind was nuts. Hey Joakim. Regarding longer flight time, please see my comment at the top of this post. Does that help answer your question? Anything else, please let me know. Hey Doug, Hey John. Regarding FPV. Zano streams live digital video fully encrypted over the WIFI link, no need for a 5g video sender. Every Zano does, video, audio, telemetry is all live and all in the WIFI TCP stream. Zano is very definitely first person view and if you wish, you can fly it using video only from the onboard camera. The latency will be less than 100ms so pretty quick. Hey Eirkur. Regarding the different colours. Yes, we will make various upgrades available but we are also making the 3D models available so if you or someone you know has a 3D printer, you can download the models and print your own in any colour you like. Hey Alan. Regarding the GITD, sorry, the plastic is quite expensive and being a smaller run, the unit cost is higher. The spares for the GITD will be available and if you wish you can buy those spares and fit to your Zano. Regarding the LEDS at the end of the arms, you have full control. Any colour, red, green, blue or any combination including white if you wish. They are all linked to all arms glow the same colour. If you want orientation, the best bet is using the RGB display which is also 100% controllable by the operator. Remember, Zano is task, not flown so its orientation is only about the camera. Even if Zano is pointing towards you and you say forward, that is relative to you so Zano will move away, fly left is relative to you and Zano will always fly to your left irrespective of Zano's heading. Makes it very easy to task and control. Does that help? Hey John. Regarding 5g, the current WIFI module is 2.4g only, our larger UAV's run 2.4g and 5g. Regarding FPV and video, you would need better than 2mbps to get decent FPV video. WIFI 802.11b has a minimum of 1mbps so you can push the range right out if you turn off the Zano distance failsafes. Hey Ben. Regarding the red. It does look cool. The order from the survey was 44% GITD, the next one was the red. As such, red will probably be the next standard colour we release. Hey Sheri. Regarding GITD propellers. They are the same but made with GITD plastic. Regarding the GITD plastic. The GITD properties should last years so long as they aren't bleached by huge amounts of UV. Such as being left in the sun for weeks on end in somewhere like Australia. This bleaches the plastic. Normal usage they should last years. Regarding noise cancellation. We will work to improve noise cancellation but it is for these sorts of more complex issues we are giving all backers here 12 months of free updates. The Zano app will record audio from either the Zano or your phone or tablet so if we don't get the noise cancelling working perfectly before release, you can simply use your phone or tablet microphone and as soon as we release the update, you can use the Zano microphone. Does that help? Regarding the standard case. I will check, I was sure we had posted a picture, if we haven't, I will get this rectified ASAP and sorry for the slip. Regarding the ability to withstand impact. During early testing, I turned off the motors at 10m and let Zano fall. It hit a car then bounced onto a hard surface in the carpark, only damaging one propeller. The frame is FR4 fibre glass and is remarkably tough as it flexes. I am confident that unless someone steps on it or drives over it, you should feel pretty comfortable it is tough. Hey Lei. Regarding picture quality in the dark. If you have a smart phone or tablet, the low light performance is very similar. All these small cameras because of the small lens have similar performance. I don’t have any low light footage to show you, sorry, we didn’t think of capturing any when we were putting all the content together. There is footage from inside at night in the videos but nothing seriously dark. The RGB display does double as a torch or flash as well and puts out quite a bit of light. So much so that staring at the display at full brightness leaves you seeing stars. Does that help? Hey Matthew. Regarding the UV leds. I like that, leave that one with me. Have a great afternoon everyone and as always, thank you all so much for your support. That means every single backer, everyone who believes in what we are doing and how exciting this project is. It is because of the support from every single backer that this project is where it is and your support has honestly blown us away. If you celebrate Christmas, Merry Christmas. If you don’t, have a great week and happy new year to all. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Hey Ling. Regarding getting both black and glow in the dark limited editon Zanos. Kickstarter only allows one reward to be chosen. However, if you pledge the total for both but one shipping charge, at the end of the campaign when we send you the survey, you can tell us exactly which Zano's you want and we can ensure you get what your after. You can also at this point specify more batteries, propellers or other add-on's. Does that help? Good evening everyone, Hey Frans. Kangaroo 1-Drone 0 :-) Hey Lukas. Regarding the glow in the dark Zano. I'll mention to the team about a daylight rendering. Good point. Thank you. Regarding the black limited edition vs the new limited edition units, the new limited units are more expensive to make as the injection moulding run has to be cleaned and reprimed with the new material as the volume is limited, our cost per unit is substainially more. Also the glow in the dark plastic (it's not just a coating) is quite a bit more expensive than the plastic used in white and black. The Camo Zano is going to be quite expensive for us to make, however as glow in the dark has special propellers too, the cost of both units is about the same to us. As a note for everyone, please understand that our margin on all the Zano's is basically the same, the extra cost to make them is the extra cost to buy them for you. We aren't using new limited editions to just generate revenue, we are using them to provide cool exciting Zano's for you and to boost volume. All thenZanis share the same electronics and that is a very large part of the cost of each Zano. We have to get the volumes up to get the cost down. Does that make sense? Hey John. Regarding the propellers, they would look good on other Zano's too especially flying in the dark. Hey Sheri. Regarding the noise from Zano. Zano is quite quiet when compared with other quad copters. However, we are working on noise cancelling to remove the propeller noise. Please remember Zano's will continue to evolve so as we perfect new ideas and functions such as noise cancelling, these will be release and allow your Zano to be upgraded to remove prop noise from sound recordings. Does that help? Hey Dom. Regarding glow in the dark. We are using glow in the dark plastic, it's not just a coating so it should glow well for quite some time. Hey Marshall. Regarding the limited edition black. Sorry you feel let down, it's not intended that way at all. Each of the new limited edition units are much more costly to make than the black or white Zano due to the plastics and appearance change, also the low volumes means much higher unit price. We genuinely believe in doing business fairly and we are genuinely trying to make Zano as much fun and as cool as we can. The in-app functionality updates are free to all Kickstarter backers for 12 months of registration of your Zano. If you sign up and are accepted as one of the 4000 beta testers reserved for Kickstarter backers, you will get all the latest functions, news and events well before anyone else. Does that make sense? Hey Frans. Regarding old backers, please know that every single backer is equally important to us. We also released new limited edition Zano's at the request of backers here suggesting we do something new to keep the numbers up. Zano is about getting the numbers up, more Zano electronics, the cheaper the buld gets. Also, the new limited edition Zano's are a more expensive to make and therefore buy, the early bird and super early bird are crazy good value and if we had only just hit our target, we would barely break even. Zano is an expensive little gadget to make. Does that help explain things? Please let me know your thoughts. Hey Stevens, Hey Mark. Thank you. Merry Christmas :-) Hey Midhun. Regarding the camera tilting. I have updated the Zano electronics to allow physical space for the tilting. This is something we are doing, just haven't finalised the design yet. Hey Brent. Regarding mapping. That's a cool idea and I'm sure with the information Zano is sending back, game developers could certainly implement your idea. Neat one. Hey Grant. Regarding the VR headset. That's cool. I'll get myself one. Thank you for showing ,e. Hey Yannick. Regarding CeBIT. If you are attending, the team will have some of the first production test batch there, let me know closer to the time and we can let you know all the details so you can visit the stand. Regarding 2.4 v 5g, Matthew is quite right. Outdoors 2.4 will penetrate trees and other light objects much better than 5g, however in cluttered environments at the moment 5g is better but we have only really found that level of clutter to be an issue at trade shows. Have a great evening everyone. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good morning everyone, Regarding the photos, the first photo is actually modified, the second is as it came off the iPhone5. The first photo was an 8mp photo that we down sampled to 4mp using a standard resampling filter. The effect is almost identical to taking a 4mp photo as the pixels to be removed are averaged against corresponding pixels. Much the same as sampling with less pixels to begin with. We then used a similar resampling filter to take the photo back to 8mp. The result was that most people actually preferred the first picture which was a 4mp picture scaled to be an 8mp picture. No contrast, hue, exposure or edge detection filters were applied, just a good old fashioned resize. I think this shows that more megapixels doesn't always mean a better picture. The lens is paramount. If I had done this same process with a 24mp DSLR with a rated lens. You could easily see the difference but with a tiny smart phone camera, the lens simply isn't up to the job irrespective of the resolution of the sensor itself. So the 5mp camera in the Zano, can easily with software output a 10mp or even a 20mp photo that to anyone but a trained photo forensic specialist would struggle to tell wasn't a genuine 20mp photo. Hey eMtec. Regarding the testing, thank you but I haven't seen it, can you connect with me on linked in? Hey Doug. Regarding the photos. Interesting isn't it? I love a good old challenge :-) Regarding the £1m, thank you for your support. It is looking good to hit that goal within days as you say. Christmas day would be brilliant. Regarding your search and rescue idea. Very solid suggestion and one that we also see Zano and out technology could be extremely useful in. Really good questions. Regarding drifting sideways and sensor protection. The obstacle avoidance sensors project from every axis on both faces. So forward, backward, left, right, up and down. The only dead areas are diagonals from the propellers at about 400mm. Beyond that pretty much every direction is covered. So regarding drifting in a small space, lets say an air-conditioning duct or a narrow hallway, you would have virtually 100% protection as Zano would use the obstacle avoidance to help hold relative position to objects on all faces and yes, it would compensate for drift to hold that relative distance. Regarding moving through a small gap. The only real issue with gap size is the turbulence from the propellers. I would think anything down to 300mm (1ft) Zano could fly through without issue. You can also tune the avoidance systems to allow a smaller gap. We will be doing a series of live demonstrations throughout 2015 but in all honesty, our sole focus at the moment is getting all your Zano's built. As much as we would love to just show everyone how cool Zano, we have so many requests for demonstrations, being a small team, we don't want to get spread too thinly. Our commitment is firstly to our backers here and Zano will happen on time, that is our focus and goal. Regarding CES, we had planned to have a full flight cage at CES and to show case everything Zano can do, the issue was time. Being a UK based company, we would have to have built the stand, finished all our testing and co-ordination of the demonstrations then packed the stand away and sea freighted it to get to CES. With all the customs processes and shipping delays, we would have to have shipped no later than late October to allow for delays. We just couldn't get the stand built, everything tested and signed off, packed and shipped in time. Also our insurance company didn't make things easy. We do have a cool stand at CES with exploded views of Zano, real versions of Zano there etc. With the limited time we had, its not ideally what we planned but it should be pretty good. We are planning our full flight cage for CEBiT though. Hey Mark. Regarding multiple views from Zano. At the moment, Zano supports a single user of the video and telemetry, however using the SDK we have built an entirely web based user interface for one of our UAV's that allows hundreds of people to view what is happening. Doing something like this would certainly allow exactly what you are suggesting. Hey Peter. Thank you for your support. Hey Holger. Noted :-) Hey Jiri. Regarding propellers. Zano has obstacle avoidance so the chances of you hitting anything are extremely rare. They propellers will be sold on www.flyzano.com and be very reasonably priced. You can find other propellers from other small UAV's that may fit, the issue is they may affect the flight control as Zano is tuned for the motor/propeller combination it is designed for. Regarding a broken propeller. Have you had a chance to watch all the videos? Zano can reverse motors so in the event of a propeller failure. Zano will naturally try and land and can do so in a moderately controller manner with three motors. Regarding the flight controller itself. We have designed a ZanoTech flight controller which allows a UAV of any size to be built with all of Zano's cool functions. If you check out www.torquinggroup.com you will see three other UAV's. They share a common heritage with Zano, that is our flight controller. Its a pretty cool piece of tech if I do say so myself and your quite right, assuming another copter could interface to it, you could build some pretty cool stuff. Hey Bosco. Regarding the range extender, the key is really the antenna. Increasing output power only helps send data one direction. If you have something as small as Zano, output power is always limited as is the antenna. So to compensate, a good tuned phased array antenna pointed in the direction of Zano will pick up tiny signals and make them usable. Yes, the TX power from Zano stays the same, the range extender with the proper antenna becomes exceptionally sensitive and increases its output power by using the antenna. With a good PA and LNA (power amp and low noise amp, tx and rx) on the range extender, the range is limited only by latency as WIFI has latency checks and if acknowledgement doesn't occur within a certain time, a packet is considered lost and resent. You can also adjust the hardware in a good WIFI stack to allow longer latency which really deals with the distance and speed of light restraints. Doing so you can extend WIFI to over 40km without major issues. Much beyond that, curvature of the earth starts to play an issue along with other interface properties. Does that help? Hey Raimis. Regarding FPV. Zano streams live footage to your phone or tablet so you very much have FPV. I am looking forward to developers getting hold of various VR headsets etc and interfacing them to Zano so a tilt of your head and Zano follows. That would be so much fun. Regarding a Zano 2. We may well do. Once developers get hold of it and customers and developers send us feedback, letting us know what they want and need, we will continue to update our designs. The best thing is we can release physical upgrades so your core Zano stays up to date. Thank you for your support, it is a cool little drone. Hey Ken. Your most welcome. Hey John. Regarding the flat panel antenna, using something like that, you can remove it from its case and you have a PCB phase array antenna ready to be put into a new box. We used something very similar to that but from an OEM. Regarding the models and makes, I was looking for this yesterday for a client. Once I find in my archive all the details, I will post it on here. There is some really good commercial grade MIMO WIFI gear that doesn't cost the earth and provides brilliant features. Hey Eirkur. Regarding the range extender. Your quite right, any WIFI range extender will work. Just depends on robustness outdoors and what range your after. Hey Yannick. Regarding the pledges and batteries. Sorry for the misunderstanding. Thank you for your support though. Hey Vince. Noted, :-) Have a great morning everyone and stay safe. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good evening everyone. Regarding authentication, Zano as it uses standard 802.11b/g/n WIFI, the first time you log on you can set a WPA2 code so anyone wanting to use your Zano would need to know this. Basically the same security you have on good WIFI networks. The app will also register the serial number of the Zano against your account. If it is registered against someone else's account and the phone has signal and is able to check against our server, we could as Bosco is suggesting, notify the owner. I'm not 100% sure as to the logistics. Reassigning Zano's, letting mates use your Zano etc but the idea has some serious merit and something I will continue to look into. Hey Yannick. Regarding the batteries, Ben is 100% correct. If you have any other questions, please feel free to ask. Hey Bosco. Regarding the ideas. Yes, we are working on the forum and wiki ideas at the moment. Once these are up and moderators are in place. sorting and organising these ideas and letting them grow organically is the next step. Regarding authentication and notifying the owner if someone else tries to access it. That is an interesting idea, I'm not 100% sure of the logistics of the idea yet as per my comment above but I will continue to grow the idea. Leave that one with me. Hey Creative. Regarding the video. Thank you. I'll raise this with the team. Thank you for your support too. Hey John. Regarding the helium balloon. I like the idea. Free fall would be very power economical and you would only need to engage the motors fully probably at 10m above ground level to stop the descent and then fly to base. Hey Andreas. Travel safely and I'll personally put your details into the registration form. Hey Grant. Regarding the range extender. It was a netgear hub running of 12v (small 12v SLA) and an OEM phased array antenna. The test hardware took about 30 minutes to assemble. Have a great evening everyone. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good morning everyone, Hey Jose. Regarding the microphone, yes, absolutely you can. The microphone is exceptionally sensitive and we could add into the firmware a wake on predefined volume. We could also release a firmware function to on wake, perform certain actions like launch, hold for 30 seconds then land or whatever you chose really. Neat idea. It is very cool, the £1m is within grasp now. Hey Doug. Regarding extending range, firstly you would have to disable Zano's range fail safes (not difficult) then by using a small battery powered WIFI hub with a phase array antenna, you could easily control Zano well past the 500m range. We have tasks our prototypes at 2km without issue, still better than 76% signal strength. Regarding image quality. As everything will be recorded locally on the SD card, the WIFI signal is not so critical however you should still be receiving 480p or better at 30fps on your phone. Alternatively, if your question is about camera's ability to show a person at 50m (I may have misread your question), at 1080p and with the ability to digitally zoom, you should have fairly good picture. Does that help? Hey CanadianCoffee. Regarding coffee, is Canada good for coffee? We like coffee in this office. Our graphic artist is a bit of a caffeine fanatic. :-) Thank you for your support and its always great to hear from people who are as inspired and excited by this project as we all are. Regarding loss of signal then coming back into range. This is a really good question. At the moment, when a Zano fail safe kicks in, it executes until Zano is safely landed. I did this in case of loss of signal or very patchy signal, Zano may get a signal then it gets dropped then back again and rather than Zano bouncing around, I wanted Zano to be safe and sensible so in the event of loss of signal, Zano carries out the failsafe and behaves in a known and predictable way. This predictable behaviour also helps with certification and legislation as one of the biggest issues with UAV safety is that untrained pilots are not predictable and the UAV's may behave in unpredictable way if someone looses control. Your question is very valid, in answer to it, at the moment for safety reasons, once a Zano failsafe engages it will execute. Now you could change the configuration of the failsafe to simply return to you but not land. In which case if it looses signal, it will come back to where you are then you have control again. Does that help? Hey Mark. Regarding Zano acting as a range extended. Yes, it could. If you configure one Zano to connect to the WIFI hotspot of another Zano and then connect your phone or tablet to the same Zano, you will have a flying range extended or you can land the range extending Zano and then you have a range extender landed and waiting for command. In this mode, you could access or control either Zano through the app. Does that help? Hey Arnel. Regarding beta testers. Matthews answer is absolutely spot on. Sorry, no additional Zano but you do get early access to all the latest functions, latest news and latest events. Hey T Kap, Hey Carlson. Regarding your questions about WIFI and range. Matthew and Bosco are correct. If you need additional information, please let me know. Hey Larry, Hey Doug. Thank you and really nice to hear. We quite deliberately chose nano platforms and have continued over the last 4 years to build functionality into smaller and smaller devices and as such have set ourselves apart from the rest of the industry. Bigger UAV's in all honestly are so much easier, you have more room to work, a gram here or there doesn't matter and sourcing parts is much simpler. Also, there are some exceptional UAV's out there in the larger sizes but we found nothing really existed in the sub 60 gram mark that I would consider as anything other than an RC toy. Now there is nothing wrong with RC toys, I love toys myself but piloting some of these tiny UAV's is hard work especially for someone who hasn't had experience. We wanted to make something tiny that required no skill to use and would just be a great deal of fun, capture the moments that matter and become part of your life just like smart phones have become. Thank you to you both for your ongoing support throughout this campaign. Hey Creative. Regarding a video, just to clarify, are you thinking a bit like our Kickstarter campaign video but focusing on the new aspects and not selfies? Hey Simon. Regarding beta testers. No worries, if I forget just remind me but I will add you to the beta tester process. You won't miss out. Hey Joseph. Regarding the camera tilting. Yes very much. As part of the production revision work I am doing, I have relocated the front and top obstacle avoidance specially to allow space for a small tilting mechanism for the camera. We haven't finalised the design for the mechanism but we now have space for it. It was quite a squeeze and ever so slightly changed the shape of the top board. Hey Guiseppe. Regarding the SDK. You can create whatever you like so long as it is within the terms of the SDK and developer forum. We want developers to have fun and be as creative as they can be, push the limits. We will also make developer bundles available of Zano's. Cut down on the retail parts but focusing on what developers want. We are right behind the developer community so yes, please have fun. Hey Andreas. Regarding your email. I have seen it. Are you on Linked in? Can you connect with me there and send me a message. That will come directly to me and no risk of it being lost as a few people handle the <email> account due to the volume of emails. Hey Jean-Stefane. Regarding the SD card buffering, the best solution is as Matthew says, a really good SD card. Zano has very limited memory simply due to space when compared with burst mode on a 5mp camera and the data that generates. Our best option is a good SD card that can handle whatever Zano can push out. Thank you for your support and glad your excited. June isn't as far away as it may seem now, it will be here and your Zano will arrive before you know it :-) Have a great morning everyone. Thank you for your continued support, enthusiasm and passion about this project. We are now £60k away from the £1m stretch goal and the worldwide publicity we are getting is thanks to you, our backers. The sharing, the tweeting and the general excitement about this project is what is causing the buzz. Please keep it up, we have 17 days to go and I am still quietly confident the £2m is within grasp. That means more features much sooner for you all. Remember, this project is all about volumes. The higher the volume, the lower the cost of manufacture, means the more people and resources we can pour into Zano and build newer and cooler features even faster for you. It is that simple. I'm not sure how many of you are off for the holiday's but travel safely and have fun. I'll be back later, can't keep me away :-) Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good afternoon all, Hey Marc. Regarding return to base, yes on loss of signal or low battery, Zano can be configured to return to home, hold position, land or travel to a configurable home location. Regarding your toss launch idea, yes, good point. The Zano app allows your default launch altitude so the toss launch would use this configuration to set its altitude and position. Would that do what your after? Hey Matthew. Regarding the dual camera. I need to get a SEEK camera and have a play. If it is as easy to interface too as the LEPTON then we will definitely look into adding this as an option both on its own and as a dual camera option. Regarding burst mode. Good point. I believe it would. If we are pulling 90+ MB a second from the camera, a u3 card can handle this. Hey Doug Conran. I received your email but the reply too address was rejected when I responded to you. Can you try again please. Hey Dom. Regarding early access to Zano's. Sorry, Beta testers have to wait until their Zano is shipped too. Hey Larry. Thank you for your comments. The groups feedback has been fantastic and very much part of the Zano project. Hey Marc. Regarding signal strength and distance. Zano app will show on screen it's distance from the operator. We may indeed include signal strength. The issue is that signal quality is very different to signal strength but we can look to add something to do what your suggesting. Does that help? Hey Peter. Regarding the SD card, so long as it is a MicroSD, absolutely. Regarding beta testers. I'll put a sign up form on www.flyzano.com this coming week and will post it in an update so you can register. Hey Mandarax. Regarding the beta tester sign up. Will you be able to sign up next week? I'm posting the sign up page this coming week. Hey Jose. Regarding SD card, before release I will test it with everything up to 128gb card. Sorry about not responding to the email, I haven't seen it myself and I know Reece has been away so some of the emails may not have been read. Have a great afternoon. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good morning everyone, Hey Jose. Regarding shake to wake up. It is a good question. I am looking to use the IR sensors to detect if it is still in the case, if so, it won't wake. Thank you for your support and its very cool. Nearly £1m, that is massive. Hey Georg. Regarding the laws, thats very interesting. So Zano is classified as a toy in Austria according to legislation. It is interesting that they have set 250gram, even our larger UAV's fit under that category. :-) Great news. Hey Matthew. Regarding the pictures. One is a raw image and one is post processed. :-) Hey Alan. Regarding the pictures. I'll give you a hint. One picture is a 4 megapixel image and the other is an 8 megapixel image. One has been digitally rescaled to 8 megapixel and what is interesting is unless you look at the pictures almost from a digital forensics point of view, they are virtually indistinguishable. The rescaling used was a very simple process, not even a proper reconstructive rescale like the one we can implement on the HPC in which case I doubt anyone without serious forensic examination would distinguish the difference. Interesting isn't it? Hey Pablo. Regarding the firmware being open source. Sorry but no, Torquing Group has spent years developing our firmware and that is our single biggest piece of IP. Our firmware is what other UAV manufacturers have struggled to do hence we can build something as small and as capable as Zano yet others have struggled. It isn't just the electronics, the firmware is the brains that make Zano possible. Hey Roger. Regarding snap on body parts. yes you certainly could. The difference with snap on body parts when compared with the limited edition models is that limited edition models also have the PCB's coloured to match. We will be making all kinds of cool add-ons, tops, bottoms etc available on www.flyzano.com. Anyone who signs up as a beta-tester or developer will get discounts too and as we have reserved 4000 places on the beta tester network for Kickstarter backers, its an extremely good chance for our backers to get involved at that level if they wish. How does that sound? Hey Mark. Regarding the typo. I noticed that one too, unfortunately Kickstarter won't allow any changes to the reward descriptions. Each time I scroll down the page I see it and I mutter to myself :-) Thank you for raising though. Hey Abulkhair. Regarding the 4 carry cases. Absolutely. At the end of the campaign when we send out the survey, you can add whatever add-ons we have available including the standard carry cases. Hey BrewStorm. Regarding the Kickstarter issue. I can see the original pledge back in November. If you raise this at the end of the campaign on the survey, I will personally see to your original reward being honoured. If you have subsequently chosen a different reward, we could refund the difference of you could use the difference for add-ons that will be available when we ship in June. Totally your choice. How does that sound? Hey Brent. Regarding the camera settings. Yes, every setting the camera supports will be configurable and saveable in Zano. So you will be able to configure the camera white balance, saturation, exposure etc to however you like then these can be saved in Zano so each time it powers up, the settings will be reloaded. Hey Matthew, Hey Andreas. Regarding the two camera discussion. We will be doing a module that includes a long wave thermal camera and visible light camera on a single board that is a replacement for the Zano camera with built in DSP and configurable blending of the images so rather than just averaging or blending, it is selective and picks out the points of contrast from each image then combines the results. Hey Roger. Regarding changing from one limited edition to say the glow in the dark. The glow in the dark will also be limited edition with a special case, alien green or similar. So if you change to the glow in the dark if that is what we do, its still limited edition. Regarding being a beta tester, no skills required. We want a broad spectrum of Zano users to be involved. The broader the range the better the results will be from our beta-tester network. So long as you meet the requirements of downloading at least 80% of updates and report on at least 80% of the updates you download, that is all we ask. Hey Brent. Regarding a burst mode. Absolutely. The camera can do 15 fps at full resolution, the SD card will struggle with this but I suspect we can do 5-6 fps at 5mp. I think they are both great ideas and I will ensure that core functionality to support these is built into the firmware to make the updates later easier to do. Hey Larry. Regarding Facebook users. Thank you for this. I have forwarded your suggestion to the guys handling Facebook, twitter etc. Very good point. Not really knowing a great deal about Facebook myself, where the posts buried inside other comments? So when we post a comment or site or article, people commented inside these? Hey Matthew, Hey Andreas. Regarding the Seek camera. I have already looked into this. I will design an adapter for this camera much like the LEPTON camera adapter that we already designed. Thank you for mentioning the SEEK camera. Hey Matt, Hey John. Regarding a change in marketing strategy. Really good point and thank you for mentioning this. I agree, for me, my Zano will hardly take any photos of me. It will be more used to take photos at Go-Karting of my kids racing the track or of fantastic old buildings and scenery. I will mention your suggestions and see what we can do. Regarding image stabilisation, yes, it crops. However it is configurable. The more stabilised you want it, the more it crops. The wide angle lens allows the same video resolution as 1080p is only 2 million pixels from the 5million the camera handles. I will look up the specifics of the lens and post them here. The fish eye lens effect will be removed through post processing if we go with a fish eye lens. Hey Angus. Regarding testers, no, not just UK, worldwide. The better the spread of testers and the broader the range of age, technical proficiency, experience etc, the better our tester network will be. Hey Doug. Regarding updates to Zano, good point and here goes. 1. MicroSD card will be included and firmware to use this. 2. Toss the launch. 3. Charging pads on arms. 4. Camera upgrade modules will be available as we make them and available through www.flyzano.com 5. RGB display will act as display, icons, animations, pictures etc but also display battery status when powered up, act as a torch, flash, act as a beacon, display QR codes of sorts, work as SOS, support display of lives left for dog fighting Zano's etc etc. Total flexibility. 6. Ability to fly upside down and flip 7. We are looking into case as a landing pad/launching pad option for later add on. 8. We are looking into charging Zano whilst in the case without need to connect cable. 9. We are looking into solar booster for case 10. We are looking into all manner of panoramic and inverse panoramic pictures. 11. All manner of firmware updates to support beacon mode, toss to launch and carry out auto photos without use of phone, plus many many more. There is more changes but some mainly for developers but the above are the major ones. Does that help? Hey Guiseppe. Regarding face detection. This is something we will look to include as part of the tracking targets using the camera. As we enhance and refine these functions, we will continue to release updates for you all. Have a great morning everyone. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Hey everyone and good afternoon. Just wanted to say thank you, 5000 backers is a massive achievement and all we can say is thank you to each and every one of you. We have also passed £900,000 so our next stretch goal is just around the corner. We will be opening up the registration for Kickstarter beta-testers this coming week too, please note you must be a backer of a Zano so £139 or above to apply to be a beta-tester. We need 5,000 beta testers in total and as promised 80% of these are reserved for our Kickstarter backers. We will run the registration for Kickstarter backers until the end of this campaign, at which point any remaining places will be made available to other Zano users once the Kickstarter Zano's have shipped. So be prepared and be ready to register. Remember, Beta testers get all the updates free of charge for so long as they are a registered beta-tester. Once you apply and this campaign finishes, we will send out the relevant information about being a beta-tester. Nothing too complex but you need to download 80% of all updates we release and then report back to us on 80% of the updates you download to stay a beta-tester. Can I ask that everyone keeps spreading the word, sharing and liking the posts. Find the articles being written and share those too. Remember this campaign is all about volumes. The more Zano's we make, the cheaper they are to make and the more cool functions we can build for you all and release much much sooner. Hey Andreas. Regarding 5000 backers, thank you, absolutely amazing and we still have 19 days left of the campaign. We have some new promotions coming up including the activity at CES so the final stretch goal is still within reach. Hey Bosco. Regarding your idea, thats really cool. I'll look into it. Hey Doug. Thank you for your support, I am still quietly confident about the final goal. :-) Hey John. Regarding the change in marketing, it is a very good point. I'll have a chat with the guys and see what we can do, be a good change for the CES stand too. Hey Joakim. Regarding the follow and circle mode. Absolutely possible and certainly something I will look to get included in the Zano app. Great idea. Thank you for your support. Hey Simon, Hey Grant. Regarding the RGB display, I'll put together some icons for the RGB display before the end of this campaign and post a short video of what it might look like. Sound good? Hey everyone, regarding the photos. I will tell you all on monday what is different and how this relates to the discussion about megapixels and picture quality. It really is most interesting. Please keep the thoughts coming on this one. Regarding the toss launch. Great ideas and variations. Keep the ideas coming as we will build in as many as we can. Have a great afternoon everyone. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good morning everyone, Hey Grant. Regarding the RGB display and battery level. I could add to the wake up function that it shows battery level on the RGB display as a little battery with bars. How does that sound? Hey Simon. Regarding the led indication. It is a good point. At the moment, Zano will sit a blip the landings lights blue if battery is good, red if the battery is flat and this will stop Zano from waking until recharged. If the battery is fully charged such as Zano is connected to the ZanoFuel the landing lights will blip green. If you take Zano out of the case or pick it up and give it a quick shake, Zano will hold the landing lights green for 1 second before flashing red as it acquires Satellite. Once the first green for 1 second flash happens, Zano is awake and could be thrown but is lacking a GPS lock. If the landing lights are flashing blue this means Zano has a basic GPS lock and could locate and holds its position within a couple of metres. If Zano is flashing green before thrown, Zano has a full GPS lock and would locate itself within 1metre outdoors. So expanding on your suggestion, if you pick up Zano and give it a shake, the lights would go green to say I'm awake, then a quick flash red, quick flash blue then once they are flashing green you could give it a toss. I have had this process take 2 seconds when the GPS can do a hot lock. How does that sound? Hey Grant. Regarding the thrown and pano shot. Its quite doable, I like the idea. Hey Brent. Nice to have you here and thank you for your support. Regarding range, this is mainly limited by your phone or tablet and by legislation. A typical smart phone will allow a maximum of 30m. Regarding maximum FPS. If you want slow motion video, you can drop the resolution of video to increase the frame rate. Much the same process as all cameras. Regarding photos every x distance. Yes you certainly can. Zano supports over 500 compound waypoints so you could program in a flight path and configure an action at every waypoint such as take photo, land, hold position etc. I have no doubt that third party developers will build all manner of cool apps making use of Zano's GPS capabilities. Regarding swarming. The compound waypoints allow you to set a point of interest as well so even if Zano's get blown off course, they will keep their camera facing the POI. Does that help with your queries? Hey Dom. The FLIR camera fitting is a simple matter of unclipping the top and bottom, removing the existing camera, fitting the new camera and re-fitting the top and bottom. Honestly that simple, no tools required. Hey Larry. Regarding the photo location. Your spot on, the photo was taken out the back of the office. Interesting about how much you have to zoom in to see any real difference isn't it. You wondering what the difference is? Hey David. Regarding the photo. Yes, both photos are taken from the same iPhone5. Hey Matthew. Regarding the photo. Very interesting isn't it, it requires a great deal of careful examination to really see any difference. Regarding MJPEG as a compression standard, the MJPEG is a motion JPEG format and typically does have a JPEG preprocessor running to compress the changes. I often use MJPEG as the cameras have a JPEG compression engine on board and MJPEG is a very good standard but still uses the JPEG pre-processor. The other advantage to MJPEG is you can jump to anywhere in the file and display a frame where as other formats require you decompress quite a bit before hand to build the frame you want to see so MJPEG has lots of advantages. Hey Dom. Noted. :-) Have you voted? Hey Tan. Regarding the colour. When we release the next limited edition colour, you can amend your pledge to this one if that suits you. Hey Robert. Regarding the FLIR camera, due to the price of the camera and the adaptor it will have to be released as an add-on. I suspect this will be ready by the time Zano's ship in June but no promises. I can keep you posted on this if you like. Hey Sheri. Regarding the cost. Did Will's response answer your question? Hey Lee. Regarding the pictures. The first picture has indeed been modified and yes I am demonstrating that more megapixels doesn't always mean a better picture. Can you tell what we have done to the first picture? Hey Leon. If you zoom right in, to say >1000% and focus on one small part of the picture such as a branch on both images, can you see a slight difference in contrast, colour, pixels ? Hey Chris. Regarding your suggestion. That is a good idea. I'll take that away and chat with the team about it. Hey Doug. Regarding the choices. Fair point. We can make different shells available as soon as we are able too. Hey Sheri. Regarding the shells. I think your question has been answered? Hey Matthew. Regarding the toss launch. Really neat functionality. I think it is voted on now, I'll enable that function with an opt-in capability. Hey Ken. Thank you for your support. Regarding free flight mode. Zano still has all its smarts enabled so free flight mode is very easy. Like playing a computer game, forward backward, left and right and it avoids hitting objects. Does that help? Hey Paul. Regarding windows phones. We are doing the app development to include Windows phones very shortly after Android. Windows phone users won't be left out, thats a promise. Hey Peter. Regarding toss launch. Noted, I think the opt-in is a good idea. Ill reenable the function and make it an opt-in so you have to turn it on through the app and that will configure Zano to allow the functionality. Hey Ben. Regarding toss launch. I agree. I will enable it in the firmware but leave it disabled by configuration and allow users to turn this on through the Zano app. Have a great morning everyone. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good evening all, Hey Doug. Regarding the frosted clear. As the injection mould itself will be finished to provide a matt finish for the black and white Zano's, any other colour we do will be Matt as well. So by injecting a clear plastic it will be matt clear or frosted if that makes sense. You will be able to make out the circuit boards etc but some of the detail may be obscured but it will allow the WIFI signal leds and light leakage from the RGB display to really show through and illuminate the case. If you pick a flickering yellow display for the RGB display, the whole case would flicker with it. Just like fireflies. :-) Hey Larry. Regarding the pictures. If you are able to zoom on one part of the image on both images and compare them. There are some subtle differences but very hard to spot. Hey Ben, Hey Peter, Hey Phil. Regarding the toss launch. It is a great idea and one we tossed (no pun) around when we first conceived Zano but came to a problem. What would happen if someone forgot to put the battery in (Yes Zano will keep itself powered) or if the battery is flat. Your Zano would spin like a frisbie then have a not so pleasant landing. Imagine if you threw it off a balcony then as that very moment you let go you remember 'Oh drat, I forgot to charge it' We can certainly enable the function and it would be super cool, If you all want it, I will enable the feature. :-) Hey Phil. Regarding match making. Imagine using the RGB display and show a little red heart if you like someone or a cross if you don't. The mind boggles. Regarding GPS data from the phone. This is a good idea, it is a mode the GPS module supports called assisted GPS where when it is powered up, Satellite data is downloaded into the device to assist its speed of satellite acquisition. Certainly is something we will look to build into the Zano APP and into the SDK. Hey Augusto. Regarding the renderings. We put up a Zano Red in update 7 so everyone could see what we had in mind. It does take a little bit of time to update the models to re-render the different options but it is a good point, hard to imagine what it might look like without the renderings. I will forward this comment to the team and see what we can do. Hey Matthew. Regarding the big stretch goal. Good point. We have a few surprises up our sleeve yet, I am also upgrading some of the sensors to the latest releases just because of better SNR performance. Hey everyone else. Regarding the photos, the results are very interesting. I won't tell you exactly how or what I am demonstrating here but please keep the comments coming. I'll wait until next week and reveal what the difference is. Have a good evening everyone. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good afternoon everyone, Sorry I wasn't on here this morning, I was tied up all morning in meetings. Regarding the camera conversations. Can I ask those of you who are interested, read the following; <url>£139 and above. We are looking into a small charger than connects to the ZanoFuel for charging the spare battery as your comment is very valid. Thank you. Hey Peter. Thank you for your comment and support. I think the quality of video and photo content from the production Zano will pleasantly surprise most if not all the sceptics. :-) Hey Arnel. Regarding the 5MP camera. Good point about compression. One thing often forgotten is that video formats are all lossy, in that they remove colour definition and pixel count. So a 4k compressed video stream will not actually contain the same level of information as raw frames from a 1080p video stream. It is like JPG, they are very lossy but they compress in a way that the human eye doesn't notice the loss of real definition a great deal. Did anyone see the audio project on Kickstarter about lossless audio playback? The Sono I think it was. By removing compression from all the audio files they ended up with huge files but the quality was superb. Hey Doug, Hey David, Hey John, Hey Dom. Thank you for your comments about the camera. It is remarkable how contentious this topic is. Good debate going on though, to me this shows a healthy and active community. I like people challenging me and my team, it makes us work harder to be better and to provide an even better product. Hey Simon. Regarding the HPC, you are quite correct. The raw footage will be quite good but post processing will provide a leap in quality of stability, colour correction etc. Any number of filters can be applied when the HPC re-renders your video. Regarding improvements over time, absolutely. This is very important to us. We have worked to provide an exceptional hardware platform that won't become obsolete in a year or two. We will continue to provide functionality updates through software for those who want them, free bug fixes and legal updates and we will be providing a range of cool physical add-ons through www.flyzano.com. Also working with people like Matthew to provide chargers etc from third parties to you all to help grow the community but also to help developers promote their products directly to the Zano user base. Hey Jim. Regarding video of Zano flying. There are some in the kickstarter footage. We have more raw footage and I will be posting some of those too. The issue is that the prototype and the production Zano are going to be very different as the production Zano has some very substantial upgrades, better motors, tiny changes to the frame, better weight distribution etc so will be even more stable and capable than the prototype. I will continue to post updates on here well after this campaign finishes and we are expecting the production Zano test batch back to us in mid to late January. At which point the minute it is tested and working, loads of videos will be posted. These will be raw and unedited documentary style videos of Zano flying, the video and photographs from Zano etc. As much raw information as we can reasonably post with our affecting the project timeline (Everything takes human resources to do). Have you checked all the Zano videos for the footage of it in flight? Hey Guiseppe. Regarding the camera not being stabilised. We will be using the windowing function to help stabilise videos on the fly within Zano itself so the raw content before post processing should be very good, after post processing, I think you will be surprised. Have you ever run a video stabilisation post process? The results are quite impressive. The end result will be stabilised footage done at the camera itself then additional post processing for stability. Hey Larry. Thank you for your comment and support. Could people also check the page that Ben from Kickstarter reviews has put together and is reference in our update 6. It covers a lot of the questions regarding the camera. The summary is we will ship with the best camera we can fit and that meets the requirements. We will also make camera upgrades possible by the user by making various camera modules available on the www.flyzano.com site after Zano's have shipped to you all. Hey Terry. Regarding the case a landing pad and WIFI booster. Very definitely something we are looking into. I think these would both be cool features. Hey Roger. Regarding obsolescence. Zano as a hardware platform is designed and built using key parts that have ONLY just been released. This is to help future proof it. We have also put huge effort into make the platform itself future proof for a few years by making it accept new functions and feature by firmware updates. You will get 12 months free updates and then you only have to pay the nominal fee per update after that if you want that function. By updates we mean new functions like acrobatics, of flying upside down etc. All bug fixes and legal updates will ALWAYS be free of charge and our Zano app will ALWAYS be free of charge. Does that help? Regarding red zano. Please see Update 7 for the renderings of what we think Red could look like. Hey Angus. Regarding a big brother of Zano. Noted, thank you. Would be cool. We may have something in store for this. :-) Hey Joseph. Regarding the camera, if you wouldn't mind reading my comments above and also tell me your response to my challenge at the top of this post, I think we may clear up a lot of the discussion around cameras. Hey Matthew. LOL. As much as that sounds great, I think it may be a little bit ambitious with 20 days to go :-) Hey Hauvert. Thank you for your support and your quite right, its both my team and the Zano community here making this project really happen. Absolutely fantastic Hey Doug. Regarding Zano a Zano :-) The IR sensors from one Zano to another should be > 4m comf Hey Anakin. Regarding the camera. If you wouldn’t mind reading my comments above and telling me your answer to my challenge, I think we can clear up a lot of the discussion around the camera. Hey John. Regarding shells. Noted. I like that one too. Hey Ben. Regarding the long exposures. Should be very interesting to pre-program Zano to perform a flight path at night then take a long exposure. Great idea. Hey Simon. Regarding a Zano display team. That is definitely something we will have to prepare for any trade shows. Really show off their capabilities. Good idea. Have a great afternoon everyone and as always, thank you for your support. Kind Regards, Ivan Good evening one and all, Well I'm back, all shopped out. What a great response again here. I can see so many conversations going on and its all very exciting for us. We may have created Zano but you are creating something we are excited to be part of. A community of Zano enthusiasts and developers. Brilliant. Hey Doug. Regarding Zano battles, absolutely. You could program the arena dimensions as a virtual fence. Flying robot battles would no doubt attract a lot of attention. Hey Bob. Regarding multi angles. Thats very interesting. If the camera could be tilter downwards, so you get Zano out of frame by videoing what is below. Alternatively you would have to limit to perhaps 150-170 degrees so that no Zano is in frame. Or I wonder if we could post process with the HPC to remove Zano from the footage. Now that would be some fun. Hey Simon, Hey Bob, Hey Andreas. Regarding the game mode. You could also display the number of lives on the RGB display and show an explosion along with explosion noise from the speaker. Hey Andreas. Regarding detecting a Zano in the feed. Zano could flash the RGB display in-between capturing frames, if the Zano it is facing sees this pulsing, theoretically the two could align their frame rates and also use this as a point of reference to another Zano being there, this could make tracking and removing the target easier for post processing of video. Thoughts? megamanxjac: Noted, thank you. Hey Feng Ying Hu. Regarding QR code, you have an 8*8 pixel display, you could certainly display something like a QR code on that. Would that do what your suggesting? Hey JP: Regarding your comment, thank you on behalf of the Zano team here at Torquing Group and on behalf of the Zano community. It is remarkable the enthusiasm shown here and the great ideas. It is so much more that just crowd funding, it is almost crowd development. Brilliant platform. Thank you for your support. Hey Andreas. Regarding your game comment. Sorry I am reading top down so my order is back to front. Great idea. I was thinking the SDK could be ideal for these sorts of games too. You could have battle apps of all kinds. I love the idea of using the RGB display, the speaker and the IR leds as part of a game. Using the the virtual fence and avoidance systems, you could setup complex arenas outdoor with all kinds of obstacles. Like some of the battle tank games on the PC. I'm not a game developer, but I'd love game developers to pick up the SDK and see what they can create. As always, we will provide the development support specific to their industry should game developers wish to get involved. Hey Simon. Regarding the lawn mower. Thats great, all I need is a very small lawn :-) Hey John, Hey Steven. Regarding customs. Good question. We often travel with our UAV's as hand luggage all over the world. The worst issue we have is people in customs wanting to see it and their response is that is so cool, they chat to us for a bit about how cool it is then wish us a good trip. We are always very upfront about the UAV's and declare them and carry them as hand luggage and never an issue. Hey Ben. Regarding CES and ZanoWear. I like that idea. I'll mention it to the guys going to CES. Hey John. Regarding the party. I'll ask. We are outsourcing the logistics so a company picks up the Zano's from the EMS then breaks up the pallets and ships them according to orders. Depending on the number of people who wish to attend, it may be a logistics issue as we are not handling this ourselves. We believe in getting the best people (or company) for the job. I will ask though. Regarding location. We are not here because of the UAV centre. It is a happy accident. I founded the company in London, then met a lovely lady (my wife) who lived in West Wales and was born and bred here. The rest is history :-) Regarding Zano's at the party, as many as I can pinch from the assembly line :-) Hey Paul, Hey Holger. Regarding the VR for Zano, I am looking forward to developers tackling this as I want one too :-) Hey Christopher: Regarding your post. Sorry for missing it, my oversight. That is a great idea about one click morse code. We could use all the lights on Zano and the RGB display to communicate this. What a brilliant beacon. I'll add this to my list. Thank you for the suggestion. Hey Peter. Regarding the party, no worries at all, thank you for your enthusiasm. We are planning to host it in Cardiff, I've been told by the lady (my wife) in Torquing organising it to stop spoiling the surprise so if I say anymore I'll get in trouble :-) Hey Chris. Regarding swarming. Absolutely. That is one of the swarming formations we had in mind. Have a great evening everyone. We are working on the forum suggestion as well as the other suggestions. I also want to say thank you again, with your help we are now passed £867,000 and well on the way to our third stretch goal. We announce the options for the next special Zano limited edition tomorrow so please keep the ideas coming as we post this survey on Facebook tomorrow. I'll be back in the morning. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good morning everyone. Hey Matthew. Good stuff :-) Hey Ben. Regarding ZanoGlass. What a neat idea. It is for he's sorts of things we see huge potential for the SDK. Hey Daniel. Thank you for your support. Regarding 3D, thank you, ill pass your comments along. Hey Matt. Regarding IR. The lepton itself is quite expensive. I believe $200 even in volumes. Our adaptor board is entirely flexible so it simply replaces the existing camera. I would expect the cost to be around the $400 mark, most of which is the camera. Regarding GPS logging. It certainly do. Very detailed information including data from all the inertial sensors can be logged. Hey Nobunari. Regarding regional compliance. Yes, Zano WIFI is certified for use in Japan. It also has compliance for every major region, USA, EU, UK, Australia etc. Hey Tractor. Noted. Hey Ulrich. Regarding your suggestion. Some larger UAVs can do this with variable axis props. It's really cool to watch. Zano can't, sorry :-) Hey Dom. My apologies to your wife in advance for you using Zano to request things when you have man flu. Regarding red and black. That would look neat. Noted. Hey Shaun. Fantastic ideas and thank you for the support. We thrive on the entusiam, so keep it coming :-) Regarding internal location, yes very much. Beacons could send pulsed data via Infrared and the obstacle avoidance sensors could pick up the data and know roughly where it is based on this data. The protocols already exist in Zano for this. Great application of it though. Regarding a telepresence Zano. Great idea, I want one :-) yes, you should be able to do this. Zano supports Internet protocol (TCP/IP) and WIFI so it's easy to connect via a VPN. Regarding flight data. It can store it locally or on your phone. We try and make everything configurable. If this information was fed into a mapping system, you certainly could build and improve flight and mapping capabilities. Regarding loosing Zano. Good idea, if the app ran in the background, unless you click a cancel button it could warn you if Zano gets too far away. I'll add this to the list. Regarding kid mode. I like that. Zano by default will restrict its flight distance from the operator to whatever the legal maximum is or what the signal strength will allow, whichever is shorter. We can make this more restrictive for kids. Leave that one with me. Not crazy ideas, people thought when we first suggested Zano that we were crazy and that it wasn't possible. Well we proved them wrong :-) Hey Brady. Zano chargers from USB so anything from your laptop to any USB charger works. Hey James. Regarding being on time. There are no guarantees. Our biggest risk is supply of parts as mentioned in the risks part of the campaign. We are however professional and well organised, we have a dedicated planner whose job is to run the project plan, she works with our EMS on delivery and shipping schedules. We are confident we will be on time and are working hard to that end. Hey Abulkhair. Regarding family pack, if you check the description, it's basically a four pack of our early bird unit so exceptional value but doesn't include four cases. The margin simply isn't there to allow it, sorry, Hey Robert. Regarding a solar charger. It's a good idea and something we are looking into. Hey Guiseppe. Regarding verticals tilt, it can flip vertically but if it try's to hold a vertical angle, it will fly the opposite direction. Hey Ulrich. Regarding active noise cancelling, neat idea. Reduce the noise from the props, stealth mode. :-) I like that. Hey Peter. Thank you for your support. Regarding a launch party. Spoilers!!! We have something in mind but hadn't mentioned it yet, we are thinking a Zano party where we all get to have a party really. Any good excuse :-) Hey Manuel. Regarding the speaker. Yes, you can stream audio from your phone to Zano. Could be some great fun. Hey Paul. Regarding OSD. Absolutely. I'll find somewhere to put the display so it doesn't distract. Hey Luca. Regarding charging points. It's a good idea and yes, I'm working on including those in the production release. Hey Doug. Regarding motor failure. It could also reverse back and forth the opposing motor to keep Zano level. Be awesome to watch. Hey Ben. Thank you for putting that page together. Much appreciated. Red does look cool. :-) Thank you to everyone else too, lots of shows of support. I'm off to do some Christmas shopping with my family so won't be back here until this evening. Have a great morning everyone and as always, keep up the comments, continuously great ideas just keep coming. Great stuff. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Hey all, the update is going to be posted today, very shortly with the video. It's a little longer than I wanted but is of real interest to the developers as well as enthusiasts. Sorry if it gets a bit techie, I try and avoid too much of that. The guys in the office call me 'the mouth' as once I get started talking about something I enjoy, you can't shut me up. Rude isn't it. :-) Anyway, stay tuned, Reece is posting the update soon. Hey Matthew. It did make me laugh, I though if anyone would catch me on that, I knew who it would be :-) a bit warmer here but still wet and windy. Have a nice evening all. Ivan @FlyZano Thanks Matthew :-) Good evening everyone. Firstly I want to apologise, the video which I stated would be available today isn't going to be. I reviewed it this afternoon and it's not quite ready. We are all quite perfectionist and until we are happy, we won't release things. I hope it will be available after another edit in the next 24hrs. Anyway, sorry, it is coming, that's a promise. We are also going to publish a Zano red rendering so you can see what it might look like. Hey David. Thank you for the link. Hey Peter. 1. Regarding transferring of the data via wifi. Once we release an application for your Mac or pc, you could use that to download the video or photos over WIFI. 2. Regarding transferring then running out of room. Zano wouldn't delete data until instructed too so if a transfer is interrupted, you could just restart or resume it. 3. Regarding files saving to SD card, yes, the file formats will be standard. 4. Regarding indoor mode. What your suggesting is exactly the sort of things we envisaged for indoor flying. Yes, you can fly it around in free flight mode without issue. Regarding the wearable tech. We have a few ideas on this and one of our backers suggested ZanoWear. This is a great idea. Thank you for your support. Hey Manuel. Regarding the case as a landing pad. This is something we are looking into. Would be very cool. Hey Phil. Regarding CAA. Good information, thank you. I'll pass it along. We have spoken to members of the Uk Government specifically about legislation and a recurring exemption below 60g keeps arising now this is because sub 60g could not hurt anyone. I believe there are discussions about raising this to 100g. I'm sure eventually common sense will prevail :-) Hey Shaun. Regarding FLIR lepton. We have an adaptor that will work directly with Zano, I'll post photos soon. Hey Simon. Regarding charging Zano whilst in flight on a blimp. Yes, you could do what your suggesting. It would be a small charger board interface but easy to do. Sounds like a fun project though. The developers on here I'm sure could lend a hand. Regarding Zano comms, sorry I missed your question. Zano mesh network is either 868MHz or 915MHz of a series of tuneable bands around those centres. I would expect to get a few hundred metres of range through these from one Zano to another. So that is swarming network, not your link to Zano through wifi. A base station could get many km with the right setup to either the wifi or the swarming network. Does that help? Have a nice evening everyone and as always, please keep sharing and tweeting what we are doing. The more shares and tweets of the articles being published too helps us strive for those stretch goals which means you all get extra cool stuff sooner. Have a ice evening. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good afternoon everyone. Just a quick update. I have completely relaid the top board for Zano. I am 95% completed with this board and it is then ready for the pre-production run. This allows more space for easier assembly, a new WIFI module and general rigidity to the board. Also better pin definition for those who want to interface to this aspect of Zano. The rework of the top board also makes more room for the camera so we are better able to offer camera upgrades. The next task after this is the rework of the flight frame to fit the SD card and a few other tweaks. We are on track for these to be completed early next week then off to production, then things get really exciting. Hey Stefan. Regarding Dutch law. That is extremely interesting. I think what your saying is probably going to be common in the EU and legislators will eventually catch up. Even though Zano is anything but a toy, if legislators class it as such, then we avoid so much red tape and by working with them, applying restrictions to Zano depending on locale and region, we hope to keep it this way. Hey Tom. Regarding flying indoor, you can still use gesture based control or swap to free flight mode which will be the closest thing to controlling it. Zano still flies itself but you get the feeling you have more control and this is a great way to zap it around in the house. Hey Ben: Regarding the rendering, the guys are posting it as part of the update today. Stay tuned :-) It does look awesome. Hey Eirikur. Regarding a torch etc. You can use the RGB display for anything from display text, pictures, animations, as a flash or as a torch. Your Zano you way :-) Hey Tjark: Noted. We will see what we can do. Hey Pietro: Regarding charging the Fuel stick whilst in the case. I believe the guys here are discussing that very thing with the case makers. I hope to have some news on that front soon. It is a great idea. Hey Rudy: Regarding laws in the Netherlands, I believe Stefan has provided quite a bit of information on this. Does it help answer your question? As Zano progresses, we will publish results of discussions with various legislators on the www.flyzano.com website to keep everyone up to date. At the moment, I don’t have any additional information. Sorry. Hi Simon: Regarding not wasting battery with GPS lock. If you are outside walking and Zano is in your back pack, of if your at a bar/pub outside and Zano is with you etc. The GPS will be able to get a lock. Pretty much anytime your outside, the GPS will be able to lock. It locks within 30 seconds from cold whilst inside my home office. That is a full timber structure, glass windows, doors etc and this provides only a small encumbrance to the GPS. Regarding pontoons. I think expanded foam will be the best, very light, very durable and easy to attach. When we have finalised the production shape and dimensions for Zano, we will release the 3D models so the developers here can have a tinker. Sound good? Hey Christopher. Thank you and noted. :-) Hey Bosco. Noted, thank you. Hey Grant. Regarding GPS lock, if you see my response to Simon above and to expand on that, Zano will stop the periodic GPS lock if the battery falls below 70%. You can also disable the GPS periodic lock if you wish to save power. Good ideas regarding detecting if it is in the case. I’ll make a note of those. Thank you. Regarding the stretch goals, noted, will see what we can do. Hey Tom: Regarding Zano flying indoors. It detects that no GPS is present and will rely more heavily on the other sensors as both Bosco and CaffineJunkie have mentioned. Zano is very much indoor/outdoor. Indoor it will rely heavily on sonar and IR, outdoors both sonar and IR apply but it will also work with air pressure and GPS sensors as well as all the self levelling data from gyroscope, accelerometer and magnetometer. It also supports two modes. Outdoor you need it to be more aggressive. Indoor you want it to be more gentle. There are two standard operating modes so you can select which one you want to use. Have a great afternoon everyone. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good morning everyone, Hey Andreas: Regarding EXIF headers, this is a good idea, something I had thought about but not yet implemented. I’ll pop this on the list to be completed before production begins. Hey Phil. Regarding CAA regulations, very interesting, thank you for raising this. We do have legal people looking into each region, I’ll forward your comments to them. We can always use a super light battery (short flight time) but one that would drop Zano’s combined weight to 50g or less, we are only 5 gram off that so maybe for legislation, in certain parts of the US, you would need to use a 300mAh battery and drop Zano’s weight to 50g. Whatever obstacles are presented, we are committed to working with the legislators to keep Zano legal. Hey Tsang, Hey Bosco. Regarding storing GPS data with photos. Yes, Zano can export the GPS data along with each photo, we can actually align the high speed telemetry feed (all inertial, actual, obstacle avoidance and GPS) with each video frame. As Zano can export this information as Bosco said, app developers will be able to do all kinds of neat stuff with the fused feeds. Hey Roger: Regarding the cases. Good idea, we wanted to do something special for the limited edition cases to make them truly different. Zano does have the RGB display on the front and RGB landing lights. All of which are configurable and programmable. Using these, at night, you are quite right, you could do some incredible effects and stunts. Hey Jonathan: Regarding the Iron man edition, that does look very cool. I can’t get involved as we haven’t yet spoken to Marvel about any tributes to their characters so we do not have a license in place. Hey David: Regarding the cable wake boarding. Excellent, we will continue to refine features and functions as time goes on, so the more feedback you can provide to us, the better we can make everything meet your requirements. Hey Dominic: Regarding the new colour and what it costs. If the colour is easier for us to produce than the camo-Zano then it will be cheaper than the camo-Zano. We always try and price fairly. Hey everyone: What about a stretch goal, we could provide an extra top, bottom and plastic feet in frosted clear? Would that be of interest? That would be financially feasible and wouldn’t affect the project timeline. Hey John: Regarding the battery connector, the prototype used a Phoenix part but the production unit will use a Molex/JST part. I haven’t yet fully specified this part as I am still finalising the production boards. The peak current of Zano with every running flat out is 6 amp, typical current is between 1.9a and 4a depending on weather, speed, air density etc. I like the idea as a stretch goal. Before the end of december, I will check some good quality lithium cells (AAA) I have to see if they can deliver the current required and come back to you. Hey Larry: Well hello :-) Hey David: Regarding the hosting, that is very kind, thank you. I’ll speak with the team internally. Hey Rick: Regarding Chroma. Brilliant and thank you. Ill pass that along to our plastics company. Chrome Zano would look neat. Hey Stefan: No worries, I think I didn’t accurately convey what I was thinking. Sorry for the misunderstanding. We will be recruiting people for our legal department too in the future so if your interested in commercial law in areas where most legislators really haven’t got any laws, let us know. Hey Christian: Regarding the special antenna. As Matthew mentioned, this is part of a range extender. This range extended will work with ANY WIFI enabled device including iPhones, iPads, iPods, Android tablets and phones etc. Yes, with this extender (mainly the special antenna) we have easily achieved over 1km line of sight. We have actually achieved 2km without major issues. Hey Matthew: Regarding the super cap. I have looked at some of the pouch cell caps and obviously they can deliver the current, it is the energy storage that is more of a problem. During full throttle, Zano can pull 6amps and the cap would need to supply the difference between the lithium cells and what is required. Now I haven’t actually tried it with a super cap, just haven’t had the time but it is a really good idea. I am thinking the lithium cell battery chemistry may well deliver the current if given a few hundred ms to do so, obviously without the cap there would be a brown out from the battery. Ok, I’m back to work on the production PCB’s. We have two to complete and hope to have the first one completed for review today. Stay tuned for the update later today and the new video. Have fun. Kind Regards Ivan @FlyZano Good evening everyone. Hey Ben. That is awesome, thank you. Hey John. Regarding then AAA batteries, I have looked a little into this, the peak current is the issue but they are lighter for the same power. Thoughts were a hybrid. Small lipo for peaks and average currents from disposable. I haven't progressed further on that front. Zano is happy on anything from 2.5-4.5v so feel free to have a play :-) Good idea about a stretch goal. I'll look a little more into it. Regarding stopping people trying to charge the batteries, good question, I could ask them nicely? :-) seriously though, good question. Perhaps a custom disposable battery with protection if we can get enough demand. Hey Simon. Regarding moderators etc. Thank you for your support. Once we have the forum up and running, we will definitely invite people to apply as moderators. I like some of the suggestions today and we will do what we can to provide server space, official links to the developer side of flyzano.com etc. We are very focused on the primary task, that is delivering your Zano's :-) Hey Matthew: You were just the man I was thinking of for a moderator, knowledgable and friendly. Thank you for volunteering. You'd also get all the latest info well before being made public :-) Hey Doug: Regarding my earlier comment and your note of support, thank you. As an assembly language and electronics engineer, I am used to working away quietly in the dark so to speak. The community here, shown by your comments and subsequent comments is remarkable and very exciting for us too. We are crazy busy but our focus is very much delivering Zano's. We will allocate space in our new environment to get the forum, the wiki and rest of the developer community up and running asap. If any of you can suggest a good forum and wiki web tool to use, we can look to getting those setup sooner than the rest of the developer section. Hey Stefan. Regarding the legal documents, they are agreements for developers. Basically anything we disclose that isn't public, they need to keep to themselves. Usual SDK documents. Are you interested in being a developer for Zano? Hey Roger. Regarding the differences in the cases. The limited edition case are smaller runs so naturally more expensive, they also have every premium part we can find, so premium zips, fabrics etc. The standard case is still very good quality but not limited edition so larger run which means cheaper to make and with good quality zip and fabric. Sounds like fun with the neighbours. Does that help? Have a great evening everyone. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good afternoon all, An update is being published by us tomorrow along with chapter 3 of our in the lab videos. Hey Georg: Regarding the 1m goal. That is a really good idea, bridges to external content. Thank you. Hey The Art Factory: Thank you. Hey Michael: Noted, thank you. I agree and also think the interchangeable shells will lead to all kinds of neat things. Hey Matt: Regarding swarming. You are quite correct, we will release swarming and all the functions as updates even if we don't hit the stretch goal. The stretch goal simply helps us release it sooner. If we don't hit the goal, I'd expect swarming to be released within 6 months of Zano's being shipped so by Christmas approx 2015. Hey Andreas: Regarding the wifi module. I'll look up the specifications and post those shortly. Regarding emails, I know Reece has some from you, he has forwarded these to me. We will get back, I promise,must swamped at the moment and my focus is getting the production revisions of the boards done. Once that is done and sent away, I'll have some time to respond to emails. Sorry for the delay but I will respond. Hi Simon: Regarding the pledge rate, it has slowed. That is a good idea. I'll raise it with the team. Regarding distiled specifications. This is something we are working on, sorry, just don't have it just yet. Hey Midhun: Regarding the final goal. I believe most campaigns slow in the middle the spike at the end. Based on this, coupled with other publicity we have, I think we are still on track :-) Hey Matt: Regarding swarming, your idea is exactly how it will work. Phone or tablet and let Zano's work out the rest. Hey Matthew, Hey Andreas. There is a document our legal guys are working on, once this is done I can send it to you.mif you agree (nada and privacy etc), I'll be able to release early tech data. The same goes for other developers. Once the legal guys get this completed, I'll let you all know. Hey Simon: Regarding developers. You can sign up soon. We have various portals to build to support this, as soon as the beta environment is ready, you can sign up. Regarding a developer community. What a fantastic idea, I can provide a secure hosting space in our environment for this. Obviously need a few moderators to sign up. Any takers? Regarding comms distance. We have tested at over 1km and it worked perfectly. We have tested to 2km and still worked well. This was done with a special antenna. Regarding plug ins. The camera and RGB module port will both support what your talking about. Regarding untethered. Yes. Zano supports over 500 compound waypoints that include instructions for action. You can turn off loss of signal fail safe and do exactly what your saying and let Zano go on a mission. Regarding your own code. By replacing the RGB display with a processing module, you could certainly do what your after. Regarding HPC: Yes, we can provide access to the SOAP batch engine and web services. This would be under agreement. Regarding beta testing, sounds ideal. You certainly do have a great spot to it through its paces. Thank you for your support. Hey Bob: Regarding the landing pad, I think your quite right about price and design. Hey Doug: Regarding legislation, you can see why we are so focused on sub 60 gram. Zano without battery is circa 35grams. With standard battery is 55-57 grams and we are looking into an extended battery of 650mAh which should increase flight time by 30%. Hey Leon: Thank you, I have seen the email. Hey Scott: Regarding the BBC article, it's interesting but I'm confident we are ahead on platforms of this size. We are into production, not just research. I wish them the best, some cool stuff they are working on. We have had quite a few universities especially the robotics departments contact us asking to use Zano as a teaching tool for which I am very supportive. Hey Matthew: Regarding selecting a landing platform, I like the idea, not sure how to actually make it work in unknown environments but certainly something that should be achievable maybe in v2 or v3 of Zano firmware. Have a great afternoon all. Kind Regards Ivan @FlyZano Hey Bob: Regarding 3D parts, we use a series of Autodesk products on the Mac. Maya is a good example, I think Autocad may be available now as well on the Mac. Our renderings are all done in Maya on the Mac. Regarding your previous question, thank you for the clarification. 1. Basic setup. When you receive your Zano, you do the usual and unpack it, connect the battery. Zano will flash the lights, if you give Zano a good shake it will wake up and a steady flashing of the lights will show it is powered up and trying to lock onto GPS. I would suggest whilst doing this you plug the charger lead (Micro USB) lead from Zano into your PC to keep Zano fully powered whilst you set it up. Download the Zano app from your relevant app store then find the Zano WIFI hotspot from your phone or tablet, once connected, load the Zano app and the app will take you through the initial setup. 2. The limits within the software are ; - Range from operator (based on region) - Altitude relative to operator (based on region) - Low battery threshold - Low signal threshold - Obstacle avoidance threshold and strength - Launch altitude (default altitude when you hit launch) Then loads of others for flight control, waypoint control, general behaviour etc. 3. Regarding what can be removed etc. Zano is three pieces. The flight frame, the RGB display and the sensor board. All simply plug together and can equally be unplugged without issue (apart from you stop it working :-) ) If we release upgraded modules for any of these, you can in the field upgrade them. The camera is also a separate module that is just as easily upgradable. The plastic parts are, one inside, the top and bottom, the camera mounts and the plastic feet. The feet hold the motors in place. Does this help with your question? We are working on a wiki to condense all the information in the comments into a readable format. I read that one backer read all the comments, that is good going. Hey Leon: Regarding shell, noted. Hey Andrew: Regarding the shell, noted. That would look neat. Hey Melanine: Regarding your comments, wow, that is good going, read all the comments. Thank you for your support too. Regarding the shell. Noted. Regarding taking pictures and video at the same time, No and yes. If in video mode of 1080p the best photo you would get is a 2mp pixel which is the number of pixels in a 1080p image. So technically Zano could save frames off individually without interrupting the video feed but the resolution of the photos would be limited. Regarding sleep mode. Most of the power for Zano is used by the motors, about 75% in fact and when flying everything apart from the landing leds and RGB display are required for flight. The power saving mode is when your not using Zano. So rather than having to remove the battery, Zano will power everything down like a smart phone to draw very little power and be ready in an instant. This includes periodically waking the GPS to get a GPS lock then putting it back to sleep. Does that make sense? Regarding the LED display. Absolutely. It is these sorts of suggestions that I hoped people would come up with. We have had some great ones (forgive me anyone if I forget to mention yours here as there have been so many, I’ll mention only a few) such as a risk indication, Zano shows the risk level of its current flying, GPS signal, position, obstacle risk etc. Temperature, arrows, flash, torch, beacon (launch to 5 m and start rotating flashing the display to attract help). Regarding the countdown. We only went from 5 to 1 for the sake of the video, we wanted to keep the video moving well but you could count from 20 of whatever if you chose. Regarding the speaker. Glad you asked. Yes, Zano has a good quality digital microphone and digital audio amplifier. You could speak to your phone and realtime this is said via Zano. You could play tunes through Zano if you wanted. Noises from gaming mode Zano’s. Absolutely and what great fun too. Regarding the docking station. Yes, the thoughts we are having is automated, so it lands, charges and can then launch itself whenever needed. With some of the neat things developers are suggesting here, I think the docking station will be well used. Regarding distance from Zano to object. Yes, absolutely. You can dynamically change flight modes of Zano all whilst the camera is filming. You could change from follow me mode to gesture mode, or simply change the follow me distance all without affecting the camera. Regarding beta tester, great, I’ll be posting on here when the registration is open. Hey John: Regarding 60g comment, perhaps we should. We are keen to work with legislators to ensure Zano always stay legal. Hey Matt: Regarding the shell, Stefan is quite correct. They are easy to remove and yes, so long as the paint you use doesn’t have a solvent for the plastic we use and that you don’t block any of the apertures in the case and that the paint doesn’t get too heavy (It is surprising how much paint can weigh), you can definitely hand paint your Zano to further customise it. Hey Didier: Regarding the shell. Yes, we will release 3D models of the shell and dimensions so you can design your own and 3D print them. Regarding electronic customisation. Thank you for your comment. You can remove the RGB display. This exposes +3v3, GND and a 85mbps SPI port directly from the Zano OS. This would be the ideal place to add your attachments. Regarding software customisation. The first place is through the SDK, this requires you communicate with Zano over WIFI. You could do this from PHP, ASP, any C variant, Visual basic etc etc. If you wanted to run small programs locally, the WIFI module itself supports PERL. You could code in PERL and run your programs directly on there to provide new autonomous functions for Zano. Regarding acrobatic flight, yes, Zano will be able to fly upside down. The prototype wasn’t able too but the production unit will be able too. Regarding obstacle avoidance, yes, you can configure the system completely. This is all documented in the SDK. Regarding being waterproof. You could if you wanted too completely conformal coat Zano, this is a clear enamel waterproofing lacquer to cover all the electronics. It will add weight and to do it properly will take some time but that would be your best best to make Zano water proof. Regarding a helium balloon. The only silly question is the question you didn’t ask. Yes it certainly could be. We are releasing a video tomorrow to show how Zano in the lab. Part of this video shows how Zano could do exactly what your asking without modification, just a cradle to hold Zano to your balloon. Regarding swarming: Yes, we plan to either if we hit the final stretch goal or when time permits, finish the firmware swarming functions. Zano already has separate hardware for communicating privately between Zano’s. Can I ask you watch the mess networking swarming video. It should answer your questions in more detail. Hey Doug: Regarding the case charging, I would definitely envisage this as a case insert replacement. I want one too :-) Hey Blake: Regarding the shell. Noted. Good list. Hey Ben: Regarding the Red render. I’ll get the guys to put it up somewhere and I’ll post a link. How does that sound? Hey Joe: Regarding your idea, that is certainly doable. A great app idea for the developers out there. My Party Zano series of apps. I like it :-) Thank you for your support and enthusiasm. Regarding find my Zano. We have had a few discussions on here about it and the result was two things. The first one is in the event of Zano no longer responding to your phone or tablet, the Zano app will swap to a map and show a pin as to where Zano was reported last. Zano will in the event of loss of connection with your phone, or in the event of a crash etc will flash the landing lights, the RGB display and make noise through the speaker. That should help you find it. Does that help? Hey Guiseppe: Regarding stretch goals. Yes, I am looking into it :-) Have a great morning everyone. I’ll pop back later. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good morning everyone, Hey John: Regarding UK legislation. I am confident that <60g avoids almost all the worldwide legislation, coupled with the software restrictions we can enable depending on where your using Zano, I believe we will be able to keep Zano legal where most UAV’s will not be. I have had detailed conversations with people inside the UK government about Nano UAV’s and I’m confident we are doing everything right to deal with even emerging laws. Hey Bret: Noted :-) Hey David: Noted :-) Hey Abulkhair: Regarding batteries, all the answers given are actually the same, just worded differently. Zano has one battery as standard and we are providing a second battery with every Zano. That means you get two batteries. Does that make sense? Hey Georgia: I’ll pass your message along to Reece, fluro pink zebra print would be quite something to behold :-) Hey Bosco: Regarding unedited video, I’ll dig out what I can but as I mentioned, the prototype has a different camera to the production version so it isn’t really indicative of the production version of Zano. Hey Nagamendo: Regarding legislation, I’m not an expert in this field but our research to date has shown that below 60g worldwide seems to mean Zano is pretty much unregulated. This is mainly due to the fact the sub 60g really can not do anyone any kind of injury. A small hummingbird hitting you would hurt a great deal more than Zano. We will also continue to work with legislators worldwide to keep Zano legal. Does that help with your question? Regarding your colour suggestions, noted. I like the white too. Hey Larry: Regarding speech recognition, interesting idea. Zano has the processing power to handle speech recognition. I’ll add that to my list of future updates. Hey Andy: Regarding tops and bottoms, a Skeleton would look cool. Noted. Hey Roger: Regarding pledging for both the black and the camo limited editions, that is correct and is my understanding. We will contact you and find out exactly what you want including any additional batteries, propellers etc. Yes, you can fly them both at the same time and when we release the firmware for swarming, they will be able to co-ordinate cool stunts together too. :-) Does that help? I suspect by June we will have interchangeable shells, the only issue is that the PCB’s are also colour for all the Zano’s so if you want to change a Camo zano to a red Zano, the PCB is still green for the Camo Zano. The black Zano has a black PCB, the white Zano has a white PCB etc. Hey Blake: Regarding recording a route, good question. Zano sends continuous information about its position to your phone or tablet, the app on your phone or tablet could indeed record detailed information and align this with the frames in the video with a little bit of work, this could provide some really cool results. I like your idea, get big time boarders to run a route, record this information and share it. We are planning a series of sharing items on the www.flyzano.com site and plotting your own cool run down a slope would allow other boarders to pick that route and select the speed they want to go and let Zano show them the route. That is a really cool idea, thank you. Hey Sheri: Regarding stretch goals, good points, leave those with me. We are trying to come up with some and these are good ideas, thank you. Hey Mike: Regarding shell choice, looks good. Noted. :-) Hey eMitec: Regarding your questions from a climbers perspective. The production Zano has 30% more power motors, more refined stability and a better camera. The first batch of production units for us to validate and test are due back to us around 15-20th of January. So regarding quantifying actual gust tolerance and maximum altitude etc, I can give good figures once we have these back. If your interested in getting involved in really early testing of the production units, can you send an email to <email> asking for it to be sent to me please, would you be interested in very early testing well before production? Those sorts of extreme environments would really help feedback so we can give the very best Zano on version 1 of the firmware. Any other extreme environment enthusiast, please do the same and if you want to get involved, send me your details. We are genuine about making a rock solid product and whilst all the production engineering is being undertaken, we will be continuing on the firmware and flight tuning. Hey Arnel: Regarding shells, I like the idea. Maybe we would do a series of hand painted Zano’s. Would anyone here be interested in hand painted seriously limited edition Zano’s. These could be abstract art, British racing green and white stripes, graffiti etc. Any thoughts? Sir Ivan?? LOL, I don’t think the Queen would appreciate my humour :-) Regarding feet. I tell you what, we could include a mounting hole in the bottom of the feet. This would allow enthusiast to make all kinds of feet attachments. How does that sound? Hey Scott: Regarding wake boarding, Zano’s top speed is roughly 25mph. That is dependant on weather. Regarding following you, it can do both, it could hold position and just adjust its heading to follow you, or it can fly and follow you at a fixed distance and adjust its heading to keep you in the focal point of the FOV. Hey Doug: Regarding shell choice. Noted. Regarding a rendezvous point, thats a good idea. I’ll make sure that the home location is adjustable so rather than just last position of your phone or tablet, you can configure a point perhaps on the shoreline if your on the water etc. Hey Hauvert: Regarding investing, the primary company Torquing Group and its current divisions are fully private and held amongst three families. Yes, we are a family business. We are going to be creating a new division to cover some cool new Zano ideas that are a little off main stream and we have had quite a bit of interest for people investing into that division. If your interested, send an email to <email> and when the opportunity arises, we will notify you. How does that sound? Hey Blake: Regarding recording from in front, both ideas could work. Zano updates position using GPS 5 times per second and does fine control 1,000 times per second. Assuming your phone or tablet is able to even get close to this level of accuracy, Zano could effectively follow you from in front of you recording backwards. Your other idea of plotting a GPS route for a snowboard is a cool one too. Might make for some awesome action shots as you jump through the field of view of the Zano. Both are possible, good suggestion. Hey Larry: Regarding spare blades. If we do a glow in the dark which seems to be gaining popularity then spare props in glow in the dark are a great idea. Hey Dominic: Regarding shells, sky camo. Do you mean sky blue with white camo like clouds? That could look really cool. I’m looking forward to seeing the footage. Thank you. Regarding beta tester, you sound ideal and thank you for your support. Regarding a squash ball, WOW, that would be interesting. Honestly, I have absolutely no idea, The speed at which they can move, the shape and size as well as material would be very interesting. I’m going to try that. :-) Hey David: Regarding cable wake boarding. Larry is correct, it is water resistant but not water proof. A new suggestion today is a programable home position so Zano follows you and when the batteries start getting low it automatically goes back to the shore to land. That should work ok for you? Thoughts? Hey Mark: Regarding the case, yes, that is the suggestion, the Fuel stick never has to be removed to charge or to charge Zano. I like this idea and we will try and implement it. Regarding shells. Noted: Nice suggestions, national flags :-) Might be good ones for my hand painted range suggestion? Hey zero2sixty: Good nick name. Car fan? Regarding shell design, thats really cool. I’ll through that challenge at our mechanical guys in the office, good challenge for them. Hey Mr James: Regarding shell, noted :-) Ahh, I misse a few as I was typing the response below when the questions were asked. Hey Roger: Regarding extra pledges etc. Good question, I would expect retail pricing as in pricing for the units when not through Kickstarter will be 15-20% more but the limited edition once gone are gone. So if you wanted a limited edition Camo and a limited edition Black, and you already have pledged for the black, if you increase your pledge to cover the cost of the Camo as well, at the end of the campaign we will contact everyone to find out what rewards you want if your pledge is more than the selected pledge that you have chosen. Does that help? Hey Sheri: Regarding stretch goals, we are thinking long and hard about what to do, we believe we need them but want to ensure whatever the goal is, is something that every backer will get. We could add goals that cover Add on products like follow me bracelets but people would have to pledge or buy those. If you have some suggestions or feel stretch goals like what I suggested above are ok, please let me know. To everyone, this is out first campaign so we aren't particularly sure if adding stretch goals that mean new add on products that you would have to pledge extra for is fair. You tell us. Hey Will: Noted :-) Good evening everyone, Hey Bob: Regarding operation and functional details. Can you expand on what your after? I'll provide whatever information I can without compromising IPR. Regarding soft feet, that is a good idea and very easy to do. How does a nice rubber foot sound as this would wear fairly well? Hey Patrick: Regarding the battery's. There are few pledges that mention the spare battery,Mathis is because no one had pledged for them when we decided to give a second battery with every Zano. Please know that every Zano comes with two batteries and two sets of propellers. Hey Dennis: Regarding the cost difference, that covers the case that the £154 pledge come with. Hey Kenneth, Hey David: Regarding raw footage. This question has arisen a few times. There is quite a few examples in the Zano in Action video of the output and I'm happy to post some from the prototype but I'm not sure how useful it is to you because the camera is different to the one in production, the firmware was prototype and the production version is substainially more refined and the prototype has less powerful motors than the production version so what you would be viewing is almost froma different UAV. If you would like to see some of the old unedited footage, I can see what we can dig out. Alternatively if your happy to wait, I am receiving the new production version of Zano back in mid January and will post new footage of it and from the camera of it performing in a number of situations. This footage will be much more accurate and show you footage from what you will receive when we ship. Hey David: We could make your Zano play jingle bells :-) if that would help? Hey Simon: Thank you and really appreciate your comments. 'airable' is a great name. Regarding your questions. A few people have mentioned a landing platform, I think this is definitely something we will start work on. It could be extremely cool. Regarding neutral buoyancy. Absolutely and great idea. Zano can drive itself towards the ground using its reversible motors. Have a look at the next in the lab video and your change in flight dynamics is something Zano could deal with right now. Hey JP: Regarding a stretch goal for a case. Unfortunately not, however, we are looking into what items we could do for everyone to say thank you when we hit a new goal. The reason we can't is that it just isn't financally feasible, and many backers have chosen to pledge extra to cover the case. Hey Thomas: Thank you for you support. Regarding add-on, by removing the RGB display which is a separate plug in module, you have an expansion port there. Hey Doug: Thank you. Regarding the case, neat idea. We will add that to the list. Hey JP: Thank you for your comment and support, really good to get so much support and feedback that we are doing the campaign the right way. Noted regarding the suggestions, thank you. Hey Alwyn: Regarding legislation, the UK laws around small UAVs cover from 60g to 20kg, as we are below 60g, Zano is exempt from the restrictions applied to virtually every other UAV. Does that help? Regarding a thermal camera. Good idea, we are going to offer this as an add on available at www.flyzano.com once Zano's ship. Hey Alan: Noted, the coolest thing is that I doubt anyone would even hear or see Zano unless it's within a 5m of them. Hey Leon: Chrome, noted, that would look cool. Hey Ben: Regarding dark red, we have a rendering of that, do you want to see it? Hey Yanmick: Thank you, it's a great fun project too. Hey David: Noted :-) Hey Dominic: Regarding batteries, sorry for the confusion, every Zano will have its main battery and a spare, so two batteries. The same thing applies to propellers. Glad your excited and thank you for your support. Please send us some of the footage you capture, be great to see. Hey Eirikur: Noted, thank you. Hey Rina,: Thank you for clarifying this. Hey Abulkhair: Regarding batteries, you will receive two in total. Thank you for your support and what a great place to test. :-) Hey David: Regarding tagging and following, what a cool idea. Be great to help find your child if they go missing at a park so something. I think I covered all the questions but as always, let me know if I have missed anything. Have a great evening and thank you for your continued support and enthusiam. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good afternoon everyone, As always, if I miss any questions, please let me know. Hey Szabolcs: Regarding free flight mode, that is correct. Most quads you control the power to the motors, Zano you task and it implements your request. Even in free flight mode. Hey CaffineJunkie. Regarding the backer number, looks like his isn't available. My mistake, sorry. What you can use instead is you Kickstarter username. We can cross reference that with the backer list internally. Does that help? Hey Matthew: Certainly will. Hey Doug: Regarding the case charger etc. I really like this idea, I am looking into what it would cost to do what you have suggested. Hey Holger: Thank you. :-) Hey Blake: regarding the 3D models, they aren't finalised yet as we are making a few changes to the production Zano to better fit things. Once finalised, this will be available on the www.flyzano.com site. I hope that helps. Hey Amog: regarding reversible motors, that is a neat idea. Hey Bosco: Regarding reversible motors, that is a really good point. The acrobat manoeuvres Zano could perform would be remarkable. Hey Everyone: Thank you for your support as beta testers, as soon as the registration is open, I'll post it here. Hey Larry: Regarding additional Zano's. If your ok to watch the video and update we are releasing today, Reece and I cover how you can do what you are asking. Hey Abulkhair: Regarding the family pack, absolutey. Each Zano has a spare battery so four Zano's will give you 4 spare batteries. The same applies to full sets of spare propellers. Every Zano gets a full spare set. Hey Roger: Regarding adding another Zano, if you are ok to watch the video and update we are posting today, this should answer your question. Hey Andreas: Regarding the backer number, sorry everyone, this was my mistake. First time Kickstarter campaign opps. Just use your Kickstarter username that shows up here in the comments as we can match it internally as this shows up on our backer report along with backer number etc. Hey Larry: Your message made me chuckle, thank you, great way to start a Monday. Hey Jose: Thank you and as soon as it is ready, I'll let you know. Hey Paul: Thank you for your comments, I feel strongly about good communication, how else would you know that we are listening and trying to take your ideas on board. On top of that, it's great to have so much enthusiasm. All the team here read the comments and I know the enthusiam from you all, helps spur the team into doing what they do. Stay tuned everyone for the pending video release and our new 'In the lab' video. They guys here are planning a bloopers video too, probably to be released in January, this generally involves me getting hurt, nice eh? Thank you for all your support and I'll be back later. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good evening all, On the comment about doing an update to cover all the suggestions that we are implementing and what we are going to release as add-ons after Zano's ship etc, this is a really good point. Every comment I have made here is recorded internally and we will run through all these and do exactly as you suggestion, I agree and think it will help answer a lot of questions. Thank you. Hey sparsons: Regarding the choice of uC. That is a very good question and thank you for asking. As an assembly language developer, the platform to me is irrelevant, they all do basically the same thing and its just a matter of learning the instructions specific to each platform, I have developed pure assembly operating systems on the original 8080, through current Intel platforms, also on z80, Microchip 8 and 16 bit platforms and their 32 bit MIPS cores, I have also worked on Atmel, ST and many other manufacturers devices based on ARM cores. The ARM core is very powerful but equally is the MIPS, especially if you can code specifically to take advantage of certain less noticeable architectural differences. For me, the decision comes down to a number of factors, low power mode, instructions per watt of power, the backing of a company who specialise in Micro-controllers not just CPU's (Microchip) and a device that has all the relevant timers, high speed analogue, DMA architecture, and other peripherals along with all the relevant documentation and whatever part I chose had to be at the right cost point. I investigated a number of ARM devices, their performance per watt, their development IDE, suppliers capacity etc as well as the various Microchip parts. Also, with my reading and research before I chose the Microchip part, I reviewed the MIPS core performance that the PIC32MZ is based around with equivalent ARM based parts as well as the instruction set. For me, the Microchip PIC32MZ met most of my requirements and therefore it was a decision based on those criteria. Does that help explain why I chose the PIC32MZ? Regarding the solar question: Excellent, thank you. Based on 1KW average throughout the world (I believe the solar constant for each is 1.3, in Wales its probably 0.3 :-) due to cloud cover), with a 40% efficient panel we may peak at 500mW which is quite substantial if it was for recharge purposes only. Hey Paul: Regarding flying instead of tasking. Absolutely a developer could do that, you would first disable some of the internal tasking systems that actually fly the system and then you have much greater manual control over throttle, pitch, roll and yaw. Hence you could 'fly' the unit rather than task it if you so wished. Hey Larry: Regarding beta tester, I certainly have you lined up already :-) With your profession, I think you could provide invaluable insight. Hey Will: I thought many would. For a beta tester, we don't want certain skills or qualifications, we want the broadest range of Zano users possible. The broader the range from the youngest tech savvy kids to grand parents who love their gadgets, everyone can provide a completely different view on certain functions. To become a beta tester, its a simple process, we just want all beta testers to download a certain number of functions per year and then use them. In exchange for getting all these cool functions, we need you to provide feedback. So after you download the functions, we will request feedback through the website, suggestions, faults or other comments. You would need to provide this feedback on a certain number of functions each calendar year. It is a typical beta tester relationship. The specific numbers related to downloads and feedback aren't yet finalised. Now there will be a limited number of beta testers, we haven't decided quite how many yet. How the process will work is we will pre-allocate a 80% of the total number of beta testers that we need exclusively to our Kickstarter backers who have pledged for any of our Zano packages and then provide a link on the www.flyzano.com site to allow you to sign up for beta testing. You will have to provide your backer number as part of the sign up process, this is to ensure only Kickstarter backers get priority on the beta-tester pre-release program. This pre-release program will be ready for sign-up before the end of this campaign which ends on January 8th. How does that sound to everyone? Hey Doug: Regarding tracking one phone whilst being tasked by another. We have something in store to perform this kind of function. Stay tuned and I think you'll be excited. Hey Jose: Regarding your question about being a beta tester. Does my explanation above cover your concerns? Hey Matthew: Regarding charging. I'm looking into the option of gold pads on the arms. I'm still working on the final revision of the board and I think I can fit them quite easily. Good idea, thank you. Hey Larry: Regarding the "In-App" purchases, what are your thoughts about the beta-tester pre-release program? I think it is fair and offers our Kickstarter backers a real opportunity to continue to make a contribution to how Zano evolves. Hey Nicolas: Regarding a bracelet, we have something in store, stay tuned. :-) Regarding range, this can be extended and we are looking into a range extender as an add-on through the www.flyzano.com site once we have shipped the Zano's. We are looking to make it fit into all the Zano branded cases. Have a great evening everyone and this week we have a few things for you, stay tuned. :-) Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good afternoon everyone, Hey Patrick: Regarding the SD card. Yes, Zano has a MicroSD cradle on the main flight frame and yes indeed you can put your own SD card in there. Depending on what you want to do with your Zano, if you just want occasional photos, then any MicroSD card should be fine, if you want 1080p video recording then you would want a minimum of a class 6 MicroSD card. Does that help? Hey TKoh: Regarding the updates. Let me explain what we are doing if that is ok. The Zano app will always be free. Bug fixes will always be free. Firmware fixes (bugs, critical issues, safety updates, legislation updates) will always be free. Zano has a great deal of technology in it and it is a bit like modern smart phones, we don't have a huge margin on them even when we reach full production volumes. A large part of our business is going to be creating new cool functions for Zano through updates to the firmware, these will be downloaded using the Zano app and will expand the API available to developers. These updates is what will generate most of the revenue regarding Zano and will allow us to continue building cool functions. If we give away this aspect free of charge, we simply won't be able to allocate resources to build the coolest new functions, so in the end, users would miss out. However for all our Kickstarter backers, we are offering 12 months of free "In App Purchases" of these new functions from the time you first register your Zano and if you register for being a beta-tester through our developer network or sign up as a developer, you do indeed get LIFETIME free updates. How does that sound? Hey Midhun: Regarding prop guards. I'll make a deal with you :-) Mid to late January when we get the first 10 production Zano's back with all the updates and I have them back up in the air with everything tuned and working, we will shoot some video of the obstacle avoidance and show how responsive it is as well as me trying to crash it. If you believe after seeing that video that it needs prop guards, I'll personally make the Dimension 1200ES we have (<url>£30,000 from our second stretch goal. Thank you so much to you all for helping us get here so quickly. We have some cool stuff in store and some more surprises coming. We are releasing a new 'In the Lab' video next week, I was hoping we could release it this week but it still needs some content, we want do things properly and make the video as interesting as the topic we are discussing. This next video is all about Zano and the technology behind it so I hope you find it interesting. Hey Mark: Regarding panoramic pictures. Honestly I had not thought of what you just suggested. If rotate Zano quickly and use the yaw gyro to determine what picture to take and when we could actually lean Zano forwards and backwards to increase the vertical height of the picture. Really neat idea, thank you. I can't say it will have that ability initially but that is definitely going into the planned upgrades which you will all receive. Hey Paul: Regarding the manually adjustable camera angle. Glad to hear it will work for it. We have been investigating using a fish eye lens and coupling this with the windowing function too to allow a fair degree of pan and tilt from the camera itself and using post processing to remove the fish eye effect from the video. I will certainly look into a later add-on for remote tilting the physical camera. I have a few ideas but weight is the issue, with a bit of time, I am sure we can overcome that hurdle. :-) Hey Rudy: Regarding a swarm of Zano's. That is great. Sounds like something out of Robocop. (Now I'm showing my age :-) ) Hey Matthew: Regarding PCB layout, thank you for your suggestion. The motor controllers are located close to the motors to reduce radiated EM from power tracks. This is done by capacitively de-coupling the power rails at either end of the arm so the pulsed current being fed to the motors is smoothed out and not radiated across the entire board and through all power planes. There is always a reason to my madness :-) Your quite right about how strong PCB is, the flight frame is FR4 fibre glass and is incredible strong. Coupled with Zano's tiny weight, it simply doesn't have enough inertia to break the frame even if it slams into a solid object. I have tested this accidentally :-) Hey Andreas: Regarding the thermal camera. Excellent and thank you for the heads up. I'll look into it. Hey Paul: Regarding the motors being attached to the frame and about its strength. Fair question and let me assure you Zano is very robust. Because it is so light. Let me give you an example. Try and throw a birds feather, it quickly slows down and when it does land even though it is quite fragile, it isn't damaged. Now Zano isn't quite the same but a similar principle. For the strength of the FR4 fibre glass frame (PCB material) and the weight go Zano, there isn't enough inertia for Zano to get badly damaged. I had one tumble from over 10m (30ft) up during early testing, it smacked into a car in the car park then landed on the tarmac. All that happened was one propeller was damaged. I replace the propeller and launched it again without issue. Does that help? Hey Simon: Regarding the red version. Have you been in our office listening? :-) I'm not giving away spoilers. :-) Love the idea though. Italian job :-) Hey Andreas: Regarding Zano's response time to obstacle avoidance. Good question, to answer I'll give you some information as I haven't tested your scenario. The obstacle avoidance sensors run at 1,000 times per second as does the motor update and stability routines. Consider Zano can reverse a motor in less than 200ms (a fifth of a second), Zano should be able to get out the way of virtually anything assuming we tune the avoidance systems to allow such rapid responses. Does that help? Hey CaffineJunkie: First off, what a great name. A kindred spirit :-) Regarding following a dog using image processing. Quite likely depending on how quickly the dog darts and weaves. We have a few hardware add-ons coming in the new year that will assist with dog tracking or seriously rapid movement and tracking of targets. Does that help? Hey Jose: Regarding Sparrow and our other UAV's. Firstly thank you for your support. We have always been a typical commercial research firm, clients come us with problems and we try and solve them, we re-invest profits back into developing our own projects. As a business we have grown continuously and steadily and got ourselves into a position where we could take a risk on Zano and put a great deal of our own resources behind it and get it to what you see before you now. Beyond that, this is our first ever project on any form of crowd funding platform so we really didn't know what to expect or whether people would even like the idea of Zano. Wow, we got an answer to that one and have been blown away by the support, thank you all so much. Will we do another project on Kickstarter? I would say yes, we have so many great ideas ourselves and suggestions from you all that have gelled into what we believe could be awesome add-ons and standalone products including special requirement, heavy lift or super fast (seriously fast down hill skiers or motocross races) UAV's that we could apply the Zano technology too. Knowing that you want to be notified of any future such projects, absolutely, it would be our pleasure to ask for your involvement along with all our backers. Thank you to everyone of you. Hey Joerg: Regarding a WLAN bridge and controlling Zano via VPN etc. I think others have already answered this for you but to confirm, yes absolutely. Zano uses TCP/IP (The internet protocol) for communication and this allows any manner and any distance of communication using everything from high speed satellite to cable and DSL modems. Does that help? Hey Rudy: Regarding the docking station and remote charging. Your correct, remotely inserting a micro USB would be very difficult but a small device that clips under Zano and connects to the micro USB could allow inductive charging or we could use direct electrical connection to small magnets on the feet to provide the power to the onboard battery charger. I am looking forward to the docking station project. I think that will be fun. Hey Oliver: Regarding automated flying, photos, charging etc. It is a great idea and one that has attracted a huge support base here amongst the Zano backers. I can see so many possibilities. I think it is safe to say we will definitely build such a charging platform after your Zano's have shipped. Hey dzikri: Regarding the tillable camera. Yes, you would need to adjust it before launch. Regarding what the maximum angle will be, I don't know at this stage. We are working on it but have not yet finalised a design. It was requests from this kickstarter campaign for that function that prompted us to look for a way to build it. Stay tune and as soon as we have a working version of the camera gimbal, I'll let you know and show you a video of it too. Thats all for now folks. Have a great afternoon and I'll pop back later. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Hey there everyone, I can't stay away from a good question. Hey livio: Regarding holding position then snapping a shot. That sort of result is from taking stills rapidly then choosing which still you want. Using motion detection is a great idea as an additional function we can release through firmware updates. Hey Paul: Regarding the angle of some of the videos. The prototype didn't really have the camera fixed, it was held in place by the top and bottom plastics and as such we were able to re angle it. We are aiming to have a manually adjustable camera angle in the production version so you can achieve the same result. Does that help? Hey arnel: Thank you. Me too. Hey Yannick: thank you for your message. We have another product called Sparrow which is larger and which has been under development for sometime. However not being a huge company we choose to focus on Zano first then release the larger UAV as tooling and production etc for that is going to be substantial. We may well do a consumer version of this too and knowing that some of our Zano backers might back that too is a really good option. Much appreciated. Have a great morning, I'm heading out for a coffee :-) Kind Regards Ivan @FlyZano Good morning everyone, This is your friendly AI computer logging back on. Geesh Larry :-) . My wife has likened me to an AI computer before but I assure you I do sleep and eat. I love those petabytes. :-) Hey Ramco: Regarding the family pack. Yes, every Zano will have two batteries, so packs of Zano's will be the same and each Zano will have two batteries. Hey Sheri: Regarding the camera add-on etc. I'll explain our thinking if that is ok. One of the issues is that if we add extra pledges, you can still only back one pledge. The other issue is that we will only promise to deliver what we know we can and the camera is something we will work on but can complicate things very quickly if not managed carefully. We have a detailed project plan that we are working too, working backwards from our ship date in June and can make adjustments such as changes to boards if that fits within the allocated time. Anything outside of that, has to be carefully managed to ensure we still hit our date. We certainly will offer some neat camera upgrades but once Zano has been shipped. We also have an Thermal imaging camera (LEPTON <url>’s that connects to the same Camera port that Zano uses. This adaptor board provides thermal imaging to one of our other UAV’s and is a direct replacement for the camera that UAV is fitted with. The current camera we are using also meets the tight cost constraints we have for Zano, if we change the default camera to a much higher spec camera, that cost will have to be reflected in the sale price of Zano. So where does this leave photography enthusiast? We will design and build a camera adaptor that allows Zano to use all the latest MIPI camera’s up to 23mp and make it available as an add-on through the www.flyzano.com store once we have shipped the Zano’s. If you want superb photos from such a camera, you can buy the upgrade and easily fit it yourself. This upgrade would be a simple matter of unclipping the top and bottom of Zano (the two main plastic parts), unplugging the camera, plugging in the new camera and putting Zano back together. The firmware update would then automatically be applied to make use of the new camera and associated adaptor board. These larger camera’s will weigh a little more but should still be within a few % of the total weight of Zano so the effect to flight time will be minimal. Now I’m not saying we are only going to use the 5mp camera OV5640, if I can find another suitable camera (which I am looking for) that meets the size, weight, price and interface standard yet offers higher resolution, I will definitely look to making it the defacto standard and still make the upgrade above an optional item for those who want it. Does that help and make sense with regards to the camera? Hey Doug: LOL, that made me chuckle. I allocate time three times a day to respond to these messages. I have to stop myself logging on more as I still have a great deal of work to do. My schedule means I need to have the production revisions of the Zano PCB done in the next 8 days, then I'm off for a bit then back into firmware early January whilst a large part of the Zano team is in Las Vegas at the CES show. Hey David: Regarding file formats, I'll explain with some additional information. To reduce processor load and keep frame rate as high as possible, Zano will store a less compressed video format on the SD card, when you download the video from Zano over the WIFI, the Zano app will convert this into a standard compressed file format. We will build as many formats in here as possible. Have a great morning everyone and thank you as always for your support. I think I covered all the questions and comments, if I did miss anything, please let me know. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Hey Eirikur: Regarding flying in the rain. Zano isn't water proof, it is water resistant. Also heavy rain will quite quickly add weight. The spray from the propellers could put water into all kinds of uncomfortable places for Zano hence we recommend flying in almost anything apart from heavy rain. Hey Lukas: Regarding the range extender, good question. It will be quite small but the largest part will always be the antenna as once again, physics causes issues. The larger the antenna, the higher natural gain on transmit and receive and therefore the better range. We may well be able to fit the antenna in the Zano carry case lid and will try to do just this. Hey Hiroaki: Thank you. Hey Dave: Regarding the camo case, it will be a premium case like the limited edition case. Have a great evening everyone and I'll be back in the morning. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good evening one and all. Sorry for the delay in my responses today. The trip from Pembrokeshire where we are based to Manchester airport is the best part of a 12 hour round trip. Anyway, I'm back. :-) Hey Matthew: Thank you, I wasn't sure what time we would arrive back this evening and whether I'd be too tired. Everyone here is chilling out so I thought, cool, I'll pop on and say Hi! Hey Larry: No problem at all, thank you though. I posted this morning on the way to the airport and just got back, got everyone settled and sat down with a cuppa. :-) Hey Bob: Regarding flying autonomously a fixed path, video along the way, land and recharge is a great idea and something you could certainly do. The SDK will support all kinds of neat functions like this. It would be ideal to automate the monitoring of wild animals for instance. Thank you for your kind comments too. :-) Hey Andreas: Regarding payload capacity of Zano. The prototype Zano was able to carry its own weight but couldn't really carry much additional payload. The prototype used 3D printed plastic parts etc so definitely weighed more. The production unit will be injection moulded using plastic with the lowest specific gravity but with the density and flexibility to perform the duties of protecting the Zano electronics properly and under as many possible conditions as we can cover. The upgraded motors will provide substantial increase in total lift capacity. This is partially to allow it to fly better in low density air such as high altitude, flying off the side of a mountain etc. It can do it now but we want Zano to perform brilliantly under all conditions hence the upgrade to the motors for production. I would expect a 25% of total weight as a maximum reasonable payload. If Zano in production weighs 57 grams, then the maximum payload I would expect to be 25% of this. Hey Kelly: Thank you for backing Zano and thank you for your question. Regarding stable HD video, something as small as Zano will always struggle to compete with a 1kg UAV with Gyro stabilised gimbal. Physics gets in the way :-) However, Zano being so small is legal to fly in places larger UAV's aren't and probably won't even attract attention so it will provide opportunities to record video where you'd never be able to with any other UAV. Using all the various compensation and stabilisation functions we are building in, I am confident that you will get HD video that captures the moments you want in the quality you want. Does that help? Hey Doug: Regarding protecting the propellers. Good question and thank you for asking it. Zano under all but extreme conditions should never allow you to bump anything. The in built obstacle avoidance will kick into overdrive in you task Zano within 150mm of an object, let alone close enough to damage the propellers. The obstacle avoidance works out to 1.5m (5 ft) under many conditions. To give you examples of what I mean by extreme conditions, a complete failure of Zano electronics or being physically hit by a tennis racket or the like. A message to everybody, please don't do that to your Zano. They may be tough but ouch :-) Does that help? Hey Joakim: Thank you and glad your involved. We would love to see some of the footage you take if you'd be happy to share it with us once your Zano arrives. :-) Hey Reiter: Regarding optical stabilisation, good question, thank you for asking it. We will provide upgraded cameras as optional add-ons through the www.flyzano.com store once the Zano's have shipped as we develop the various upgraded modules. Your quite right, some smart phones use such cameras. Zano has lots of restrictions, the primary two being cost and weight. We have very tight cost restrictions for Zano and every gram matters so are working to find the best camera for the job and make this the defacto standard, for those who want better camera's, we will work to release various camera upgrades. The camera can easily be changed with out the use of any tools so is a very easy job. Does that help? Hey Midhun: Regarding a new video and update. I was chatting to the guys in the office (whilst I was travelling to the airport today) about the new video and they want some more content for it before we publish it. Once it was all put together, they felt is was a little brief and they wanted me to add some more explanation as to what we are showing etc. I will shoot this additional footage this week and early next week so we can post the new 'In the Lab' video on Wednesday as well as an update to accompany it. The video will show some really cool features, no spoilers but it will be worth the wait. Remember, the 'In The Lab' videos are to show you a progression, piece by piece building on the previous video to the final outcome. Hey Sheri: Are you happy with my earlier response above regarding the propellers and indoor flying? Regarding out of range modes for Zano. These are configurable. You can choose for Zano to hold position, or to fly back to the last position your tablet or phone notified Zano of its position or Zano can fly to another location that you can mark as home. Does that help? Hey Christian: Regarding following indoors, as your phone or tablet isn't able to broadcast an accurate position information, even if Zano knows where it is, it can't follow. However, we are working on developing some generic inertial tracking algorithms that work on all phones and tablets to allow your device to send Zano more accurate position information in doors. We are also working on video tracking so if you were flying in doors and selected a person for Zano to follow, the video tracking would track them in or out doors. Regarding flying through doorways. Zano will automatically centre itself on a doorway and should always avoid collisions. If however you step through a doorway the move left or right, even when we get inertial navigation on your phone or tablet working (this will happen in time), Zano would copy your movement but would be on the opposite side of the door. Now using the SDK, developers can build all kinds of apps to follow you through complex environments by extending Zano's core abilities with maze solving algorithms etc. Does that help? Hey Bosco: Regarding the range extender: It will be likely be a combination of custom made antenna and utilising some pre-existing nano modules suitable for this purpose much like our high grade range extender for our other UAV's. Hey Nathan: Thank you, regarding lost Zano, be gentle :-) We will take all your feedback and continue to refine its avoidance systems, some of you might find them too aggressive and want them toned down and some might find them too gentle. You can do quite a bit of tuning yourself but the finer control algorithms will continue to be refined and released to you all through the Zano app. Hey Oliver: Regarding tracking this project. I think a few people have already pointed you to KickTraq. This is a great site and shows we are currently trending towards very nearly reaching our final stretch goal. We do have more promotional activities lined up so we should get pretty close to that final goal. Regarding the cheesy idea. I think its great. How cool to have message displayed on a number of them. I can see lots of moments where that would be cool. Hey Larry: Regarding the upgraded motors. Very good question and great attention to detail. You are absolutely correct. One of the final aspects before I can finalise the production boards is indeed to test the upgraded motors on the prototype. We have a production 3D printer which we use for everything (Yup, we have printed novelty coffee cups, pens, impossible puzzles :-) ), so we printed some adapters to allow albeit not exactly where they will sit on the production unit, but allow the larger motors to be tested on the flight frame and the control electronics. The issue is the current motors are 6mm diameter, the new motors are 7mm, therefore can't directly fit the existing flight frame hence the little adapters we printed to allow testing. We have done some testing but we are thorough so will perform a full suite of tests before finalising the production boards. Hey Rudy: Regarding the early release of the SDK, noted and thank you. You can leave your Zano plugged into your USB port and it will stay powered up continuously once the onboard battery is fully charged. I did this in the firmware mainly to allow easier development for my team but your absolutely right, this could really help developers, I'll leave it in the production firmware. Does that help? Hey Andreas: Thank you and really great to have fellow developers as excited about Zano as myself and my team. It isn't work to us, I actually have to tell the guys to go home. :-) Noted about the early release. I'll see what I can do. :-) Oh, I just filled the comments box. Wont allow any more letters................ Good morning everyone, I logged on this morning and had a chuckle reading some of the messages, thank you, what a great way to start the morning. What a topic, time relativity when travelling near the speed of light. Hey Bader: Regarding propellers in carbon fibre, we will look into these as an add-on once Zano's have shipped. Regarding the frame being carbon fibre, though it would look cool, we simply can't as the frame is all circuit board and tiny circuit tracks run up and down the arms. We are looking into add-ons of carbon fibre tops and bottoms. Hey Grant: Regarding the change in format, your most welcome. It actually makes it easier for me too, thank you for suggesting it. Regarding uncontrolled decent or crash detection, yes absolutely, Zano will power itself off to protect itself and people around it. Regarding recording 1080p video. Yes absolutely. The firmware update in stretch goal 3 will allow the app to download videos from the SD card after Zano has landed using the WIFI link. Hey Adam: Regarding the RGB display being modular, good idea, it is a separate module. If you remove the top and bottom plastics of Zano, the display does just unplug. No tools required. An OLED display, or more room for a higher resolution camera, neat idea. Hey Hiroaki: regarding WIFI conformance in Japan. Really good question and yes I can confirm the WIFI module we use conforms with Japan. It has the following certificates; FCC Class B, UL and EN EMC, Japan, AU/NZ. Does that answer your question? Our module is designed and built by Lantronix and a large part of their business is WIFI in Japan. If additional certification is required, we will work directly with a Japanese certification facility to achieve this, we will do the same with each region. We will also be working closely with legislators in each region to ensure Zano stays legal as new UAV laws come into play. Does that help? Hey underhund: Regarding the RGB display. Thank you, really great to see other people like the idea. When I conceived the RGB display, I had a few ideas of what it could be used for but I know I barely scratched the surface. Once developers get hold of the SDK, who knows what that humble little display will be used for :-) Hey Mark: Regarding find my Zano using Bluetooth. Another good suggestion. Thank you. Hey Larry, Hey Leon, Hey Matthew, Hey Ben. Thanks guys. I enjoy reading your comments and banter. For me, it is now part of my daily routine. Wake, get ready for work, have breakfast, log in to this campaign and respond, then head to work. Same thing at lunch, then again after dinner. :-) Hey Bob: Regarding relaxing an SDK. Absolutely we will be releasing an SDK. I envisaged the SDK a while back and we mentioned as part of this campaign an SDK. However the enormous support and demand for the SDK shows there is already a huge community out there ready and wanting it. Matthew, one of the backers has already started designing things for Zano. He and I are discussing items offline and the potential for developers using the Zano SDK is fantastic. I'm looking forward to seeing what developers come up with. Regarding range extending, Matthews answer is spot on, you could use and high power wifi router, we will also be releasing a Zano special version of our range extender we have for our other UAV's, does it answer your question? Regarding spares available later, Absolutely. Everything Zano related from add-ons to spares will be available at www.flyzano.com, third party apps, add-ons, hardware will also be available here. Thank you for joining Zano :-) Nice to have you here. Hey George: Regarding shake on the video and stability in gusts. Good question, I'll answer with some information if that is ok. Zano firmware has 200% control over each motor and updates each motor at 1,000 times per second. How can Zano have 200% control over a motor, isn't 100% the maximum I hear you ask. Well Zano can reverse the motors from full speed one direction to full speed the other direction in less than 1/5 of a second. Most UAV's stability can not hit 100% let alone reverse the motors. Zano is very small, it weighs less than 60grams so physics does get in the way as we simply don't have much inertia to help. To deal with this we; 1. Designed and implement awesome physical stability using reversible motors and special stability algorithms. 2. Using the cameras windowing functions we perform a limit video stabilisation in the UAV. 3. We provide free of charge our HPC(Super computer) which is dedicated for Zano. This computing monster allows you to upload videos and photos and choose what filters, correction algorithms etc you want to apply. It will then apply these for you and push the content to where you have chosen, social networks, video sharing sites etc. Does that help? Regarding videos of Zano in different conditions. If you watch the video, Zano in action, there are quite a few shots of one of the Zano prototypes flying. Admittedly it was fairly good weather. The Zano prototypes used much smaller and less powerful motors when compared to the production Zano's as we noticed Zano would benefit from more powerful motors. I expect to have the first 10 pre-production units back mid January with all the updates, MicroSD card, bigger motors etc. If you want videos of the prototype in various weather, we can arrange this however it isn't indicative of the production unit as the production unit has 30% more powerful motors and weighs 3% more. We are also reducing the cross section of Zano which will reduce the area that wind can push against. Are you happy to wait until mid January when the first 10 units are completed? We will continue to post videos and detailed progress updates for all backers right up to June when your Zano's ship. Hey Leon: Regarding uploading to our cloud and privacy of your data. Great question, let me answer with information. 1. Your user account is completely sandboxes without our HPC. There is no way for your data to leak to other users. 2. I'm completely paranoid about network and data security and the HPC runs fully patched and updated Linux virtual machines that are created and destroyed as we need them. The HPC also sits behind full IDS and UTM security hardware devices. IDS means intrusion detection system, this monitors authentication, IP addresses, login cookies, total flow of data. UTM means unified threat management device. This also has an IDS component but also firewall, packet inspection, real time virus scanning etc. 3. We comply with the UK data protection act. 4. You can choose to process then delete your data or store it and share it through the www.flyzano,com site. 5. You can choose to exclude your account from our back up systems and when you delete content in your account, it physically gets deleted then overwritten on our network storage system. Does that answer your question? Hey Ben: Thank you, you have been a huge supporter and answered so many queries for other backers, what a great community! Hey Andreas: Regarding find my Zano. Ahh, I misunderstood. I like your idea. So if Zano suddenly stops talking to the app, the app should switch straight to a map such as Google Maps and put a marker where Zano last reported its position. Really good idea and simple too. I'll make sure this function is standard in the Zano app. Thank you for this suggestion. Regarding early release of the SDK, can I ask, do you think developers be happy with an alpha release SDK which will likely go through a few changes and iterations and may well be a little light in information if we release it early? We would obviously continue to refine and mature the documentation but there is a huge amount to document which is Sent from my iPad Regarding additional items and the survey. Sorry I missed your question, I see your dilemma. Would you be able to respond in February or March? As Zano is scheduled to ship in June, we wouldn't need your additional item request in January, later in the year but before Zano ships would be ok. How does that sound? Would you have access to a phone? We could also put your preferred contact method as phone and someone could call you to reserve the additional items for you. I'm off to the airport to meet family flying in so forgive me if my responses are a little slow today. I've typed all the above on my iPad as we are travelling in the car. No, I'm not driving :-) Have a great morning everyone. Kind Regards Ivan @FlyZano Oh, I forgot to reference each question. Sorry :-) Good evening everyone, Before I respond to the comments below I wanted to express something to you all. Many of you have complemented us (Reece on emails and myself on comments) for our communication. Thank you, your appreciation means a lot. I want to add that it is not a chore, we both look forward to seeing what awesome ideas and suggestions you have and we both genuinely enjoy the communication. To me, I've probably got the best part as it feels to me like a conversation with a great group of people who share our enthusiasm and excitement for the project and the technology. This isn't work, this is fun. Your enthusiasm and excitement encourage us to do more and be more innovative and to challenge even more what others have said previously was impossible. So in response to all your thanks, what is needed is thanks from us to you for your support. So Thank you to everyone of you. You make the communication easy. Hey Doug: Thank you for your support and kind comments. With regards to the fisheye lens options, if we don't ship with it initially, the camera module is very easy to replace and would require no tools. The lens is integrated into the camera module itself. With regards to post processing and how it would work. I would suspect that most users will use it like this; 1. Fly Zano and get some awesome video/photos. These will be stored to the local SD card and to your phone or tablet if you choose. 2. Transfer the videos to your phone or tablet over the WIFI link to Zano. 3. Using your home WIFI, WIFI from a hotel or wherever you are or even your 3G or 4G connection, send the data to our HPC (cloud) for processing. 4. Once uploaded through the app you can select what filters and options you want applied to it and where if anywhere you want the video/photos uploaded too. This could be any of the major social networking sites, video or photo sharing sites etc. 5. Our HPC will schedule your job to occur ASAP, generally within seconds. 6. Upon completion (should be very quick but if a big movie might take a few minutes) our HPC will notify you through the Zano app that the job has completed. This may mean just processing is completed if that is all you have asked for or it might mean processing and uploading to your chosen sites has completed if that is what you have asked for. That's it, as simple and easy as that. No PC required anywhere along the line, all done from your phone or tablet. Does that make sense and help explain the process? Hey Cmd: Oh, good question. The altitude restriction is relative to your tablet or phone. So if your up the side of a mountain and you wish to fly it over the edge to get great photos, the minute the ground disappears, Zano will swap to air pressure sensing and the altitude is then relative to the user. Does that make sense? Thank you for the support. Hey Michael: Thank you for the support and great idea. Our mechanical dude (Thomas) in the office was with the RAF for 12 years. Rather than working on aircraft he now designs all the mechanicals for Nano UAV's. I think he will really like the Red Zarrows. Leave that with me. Hey Bjoern: Genuinely sorry, I just re-read the comments and realised I missed yours. The camo case along with all the cases will have as much storage as we can fit into them without compromising the integrity of the case. This will be little elastic pouches, slots, all kinds of places to store your Zano and related attachments. How does that sound? Hey Sheri: Thank you for your reply. As soon as I can post footage and photos from the production camera, I will do so. It will be raw and unedited so you can see the actual footage captured before any post processing done. Hey Holger, Hey Nathan: Holger, that is a really neat idea. Let me brain storm an idea with you. If Zano for whatever reasons detects a crash (rapid uncontrolled acceleration on any axis, such as hitting the ground at speed) and is not able to return to your tablet or phone GPS, or if it returns to where your phone or tablet last reported its position but does not have a signal with your tablet or phone that it makes a siren noise through the speaker and flashes all the landing lights and front display varying colours to help you locate it. How does that sound? Easy to implement in the firmware too. Have a great evening everyone and as always, thank you for your continued support. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Hi everyone and good afternoon, Hey Sheri: Regarding unedited videos and pictures. Did you get a chance to see my response to your earlier question? I can show you raw content from the previous camera that we used on the prototypes and used as part of the campaign videos but it isn't the same camera as we are going to be using in production. If you are happy to wait, as soon as I have one of the development Zano's back together and working with the new camera, I will record some video and photos and post them in their raw unedited form. If you want to see raw content from the prototype units camera, then let me know and I'll sort that for you. How does that sound? Hey Mike: Regarding whether Zano records to the SD card. Yes, full video and photos will be recorded on the SD card and record to your phone It is your choice. Your Zano, Your way :-) Geesh it does sound cheesy :-) See stretch goal 3, that covers the firmware upgrades to support this. Hey Arnel: Regarding the motors being brushless or not and what is the lifespan. The motors a coreless motors and are the best solution for a UAV of this size. Brushless motors only really come into their own when UAV's get larger due to the efficiency gains as well as longer running life. Zano also has the ability to reverse the motors as you will see from a video that will be posted soon for you all to see. We have not yet had any motor failures but we will run a full control test on motors and lifespan for the production units once we get the first batch built. Hey Arnel: Regarding larger batteries and longer flight time. Matthew is quite right and there are substantial limitations on how much more flight time that can be achieved by simply using bigger batteries. We are looking into making two battery sizes available, a standard and an extended flight time battery. Our concern is that the extended flight time battery may tip Zano over the 60gram limit, for some regions this won't be an issue. We will do whatever we can as part of our engineering to lighten Zano and focus on efficiency as through design is the best way to increase flight time. Hey Skippy: Regarding our delivery estimation. We will do everything we can to meet that. We have project plans working back from our intended ship date to put all the milestones in place that we need to meet in order to ship on time. Sounds like an awesome hike. Have fun and please send us video/photo from Zano, we would love to see what you have taken with it. Hey Nathan: Regarding ship date for the camo-zano :-) Our goal is to start and finish shipping within 4 weeks. We will immediately on completion of this campaign place orders with all our suppliers and that includes ordering the camo-zano plastics, cases etc. I would expect that they will be built and shipped at the same time. Hey Szabolcs: Regarding if you can use your normal 2.4g radio handset for Zano. Sorry, the 2.4g radio uses a different protocol. Zano is tasked not controlled like normal UAV's so it has its own native language. Hey Guiseppe: Thank you. Hey Grant: Regarding communication and making mention of the question at the start of my responses. Thank you, I genuinely appreciate it, I also genuinely appreciate suggestions. Does the format I have used in this response cover what your saying? I have referenced the key part of the question and then responded? I do see exactly what you mean too, when I am putting together these responses, I get lost sometimes, even though I double check I think I sometimes miss someones question. Hey everyone: I think the rest of the comments were about the SDK. Andreas raised a really good point. Thank you Andreas. His query was about releasing the SDK before Zano's ship in order to give developers time to start developing. I have to say, the Kickstarter community but especially all of you, our backers have made a real difference and a really positive one to this project. Great ideas and suggestions just keep coming. I like your idea and as I write this more support for your comment arrives. I will give it some serious thought and see what we can do (help us hit the stretch goal and its even more likely :-) ), thank you for suggesting it. As I mentioned, I think the rest of the comments were in support of Andreas's comment. Have a great afternoon all. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good morning everyone, Hey David: At the end of the campaign, we will send out a survey to all backers. As part of tis survey you can select add-ons such as more batteries, or propellers etc. Does that help? Hey Jose, Hey Matthew: Thank you Matthew for assisting Jose. I agree Jose, the Kickstarter community is exactly that, a community. Matthew and many like minded backers have assisted lots of our backers and answered many queries. Hey Alvin: Absolutely. ALL pledges from £139 and above include two batteries, the main and a spare and two sets of propellers, the ones fitted to Zano and a complete spare set. Hey Mike: Really good point, I'll get the next update to include a list to date of changes/amendments. Hey Ben: Absolutely. Zano exposes the video stream as a separate stream when using the API. A very simple app or program on a desktop could task Zano and use the video stream from Zano for live streaming. Hey David: Really sorry to hear you have had a rotten week. Not sure if it helps but with the super early bird, the price we set that was just about a break even price if we just hit our goal so you really do have exceptional value. I was chatting with some people in the office and showing them how rapidly the cost of materials and production reduce from building 1,000 units to 5,000 units. Being a perfectionist myself, there are lots of short cuts most consumer products use to get the cost down that I simply won't allow. We genuinely want Zano to be superb quality and really good value. That is the reason why we need to get volumes up so the cost of manufacture comes down and we can put more functions in for you all. Does that help? Hey Dataway: Good question, I did cover a bit of this some time back when I was outlining the SDK to a few backers. Yes, Zano supports over 500 way points, each way point effectively has a point of interest GPS location and a GPS location of where you want Zano to fly. Does that help? Hey Marco: Thank you. Yes, the camera would function exactly the same way as the standard camera. When will it be available? Honestly, our first priority is getting Zano's built and shipped to you all. Once that occurs, we have about a dozen small modules and add-ons that we will work on and release of which one is the camera. During the early months of 2015, I will give you all a list of the 12 or so add-ons that we are planning to build initially and get your votes as to which one is the most important to you. Does that sound fair? On the SDK side of things, you can communicate directly with Zano from ANY programming language from any platform if you can open and handle TCP sockets. We will be providing libraries that handle this communication and expose the internal functions of Zano in an easy to use format. These libraries will be a lot easier for developers to use than communicating natively with Zano but if your happy to communicate natively with Zano, you certainly can. Everything will be documented in the SDK. Your genuinely welcome and thank you. Hey Sheri: Matthew is quite right, there are some photos through the videos from Zano, these were then edited into the video. I have another query from another backer asking for some raw unedited video. I currently have the two working Zano's is pieces (literally) whilst I work on firmware updates, the other 7 Zano's have been reflashed for display purposes. As soon as I have one of the two development units re-assembled, I will be taking some raw video and photos to share with you. Sound ok? Now, if anyone spots, 2 workng Zano's and 7 display Zano's make 9 Zano's. I did mention in one of the videos that we had 10 built. I have to put my hands up here and say, the 10th is fried, dead, caput. I did a whoopsie months back when the 10 arrived and damaged one. Ok, so now you all know :-) Hey Matthew: Getting close now ;-) Thank you for your support throughout the campaign. Hey Guiseppe: Thank you for your comment. We will release every piece of functionality covered by every stretch goal whether or not we reach those goals through this campaign. The stretch goals help us to achieve that functionality much sooner. This campaign is about getting the volumes of Zano's up to bring the cost per unit down. The lower the cost per Zano, the more resources as a company we can allocate to building the functionality. If we hit all the stretch goals, all that functionality will be released a lot sooner. If we don't hit all the goals, the goals we did hit and the functionality they cover will be released first, and the rest will follow as we can allocate resources. The SDK is a key piece of documentation and functionality and I know there is huge interest in this. We will definitely release this, if we hit the goal, we will allocate resources to release this in June. If we don't hit the stretch goal, it may take a few months longer for us to release it but we will release it. Does that help? Hey fr0st: Good question, our plan is to offer all these add-ons at the end of the campaign. Does that sound fair? Hey Joseph: Thank you. Glad your involved. Have a nice morning everyone. I'll pop back later but in the mean time, have a good one Kind Regards Ivan @FlyZano Good evening all, Hey Oliver: Great question. Yes, Zano is completely functional stand alone. Our cloud (HPC) will provide additional free services like video stabilisation. There are lots of apps available for most phones and tablets now to do the same thing, just not as quickly as using our cloud. No recurring costs, the cloud (HPC) is and will always be free of charge, high end users can subscribe to more storage etc but standard users will be free of charge. No need to upgrade, the upgrade options are simply new functionality. All bug fixes will always be free of change. The Zano app will always be free of charge. You will receive free functionality updates for 12 months after you first register your Zano. Does that help? Hey Matthew: Not yet, once I know I'll update you. Your correct about the MicroSD card however I believe the fastest MicroSD card (90MB sec) can accept compressed 4K video not the raw frames for 4K video (1.6GBPS) This conversion and compression is done by a CPU sat between the devices. Hey Sean: Good idea, not as standard but we may be able to do an add-on which replaces the normal insert in the case for a landing pad once the Zano's have shipped to you all. Hey Joey: Absolutely, the landing lights are full RGB as is the display.myou can configure them to do whatever you wish under whatever conditions you select. Have a great evening. Kind Regards Ivan @FlyZano Hey everyone, If I may, I'll take a few moments of your time and explain why we have chosen the 5mp camera and what options exist to change this. If this gets a bit technical, please bear with me as I think overall it will make sense. Zano is very small and the main flight frame PCB has barely enough room for a single processor and an SD card. SD cards are very slow in comparison to the high speed bus that modern digital camera modules use and therefore whatever data the camera sends has to first be buffered in the Zano main CPU whilst being written to the much slower SD card. Now this isn't a huge issue but it does require a great deal of careful coding to make the Zano operating system as efficient as possible to get the frame rate as high as possible from the camera. Now onto the camera, there are two types of mobile phone camera busses, DVP is the first and MIPI is what most phone are using now. DVP is a parallel bus standard which means it transfers an entire byte (8 bits) at a time and a lower clock rate where as MIPI (used in most mobile phones), supports cameras up to 23mp but is a serial interface and as such runs at a hugely fast clock rate. So for a MIPI camera to have the same frame rate as a DVP camera, the MIPI camera might use 2 MIPI channels, combined they are 1/4 the speed of a DVP bus so require 4 times the clock frequency. Bear with me. Why don't we just use MIPI I hear you ask? Zano is a massively dense and complex board and handles a great deal of power (electrical current) when flying. This electrical current effects digital signals such as those from high speed serial camera's. Have you ever heard that click click noise that happens when you put your mobile phone close to a radio? It isn't the same but similar effect, the power going to the motors affects the digital signals. The slower the digital signal (lower clock rate as per my DVP and MIPI comparison above), the less susceptible the digital signal is to this noise from the motors. We use DVP because it is less susceptible to electrical noise but this does mean our choice of native camera's for Zano is more limited. MIPI can solve this problem too because it is what is called a differential logic bus. However, DVP vs 8 channel MIPI, this would equate to both transferring 8 bits at a time, MIPI requires 17 digital lines where as DVP requires 8. We simply don't have the room to support an additional 9 data lines. There are ways around this but it gets very complicated very quickly to explain and there are reliability reasons why we can't implement these changes. However, we have an adaptor board that we use in another one of our UAV’s that connects to the same Camera port that Zano uses. This adaptor board provides thermal imaging to one of our other UAV’s and is a direct replacement for the camera that UAV is fitted with. The current camera we are using also meets the tight cost constraints we have for Zano, if we change the default camera to a much higher spec camera, that cost will have to be reflected in the sale price of Zano. So where does this leave photography enthusiast? We will design and build a camera adaptor that allows Zano to use all the latest MIPI camera’s up to 23mp and make it available as an add-on through the www.flyzano.com store once we have shipped the Zano’s. If you want superb photos from such a camera, you can buy the upgrade and easily fit it yourself. This upgrade would be a simple matter of unclipping the top and bottom of Zano (the two main plastic parts), unplugging the camera, plugging in the new camera and putting Zano back together. The firmware update would then automatically be applied to make use of the new camera and associated adaptor board. These larger camera’s will weigh a little more but should still be within a few % of the total weight of Zano so the effect to flight time will be minimal. Now I’m not saying we are only going to use the 5mp camera OV5640, if I can find another suitable camera (which I am looking for) that meets the size, weight, price and interface standard yet offers higher resolution, I will definitely look to making it the defacto standard and still make the upgrade above an optional item for those who want it. Does that help and make sense with regards to the camera? Hey Darkz0r: Your quite right, personally I like the white and thought white would do well. I lost that bet in the office as black seemed to be much more popular. Hey Kev: Thank you, really glad that you have backed Zano. Hey Matthew: Thank you and noted. I'll see what I can do. Hey Luke: Flash, torch or smiley faces. The display can serve lots of functions :-) Hey Joseph: Thank you for your comment and support. What do you think about my comment above regarding the camera? Hey Holger: Thank you, that is a huge milestone and it is because of the support from our backers. You are all great! Hey Stefan: Please know that every comment is important and does matter. Your concern is one that has been mentioned a few times and one that I am looking into options. If I missed any questions of yours, please let me know. Hey Lukas: Good point, we have a few idea’s. I’ll come back to you on that one. Hey Gabriel: Absolutely. Leave that one with me, Zano firmware is currently in pieces on the two development Zano's as I am working on the camera and the other Zano’s have been reflashed ready for display reasons. The minute I get the firmware back into a working state, I’ll record some video and post it unedited for you to see. That sound ok? Have a great afternoon and I’ll pop back in later. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good afternoon everyone, Hey Bob: Zano in its default configuration will return to the last position that it was aware of that your phone or tablet was located. In the event of lost signal or low battery you can configure Zano to hold its current position, return to land or return to home. Return to land would come back to the last know position of your tablet or phone and then land automatically, return to home would come back to the last known position of your phone or tablet and hover, only landing when the battery is depleted. Hey Ben, Hey Jennifer: Jennifer, Ben is absolutely correct. Every Zano will come with a spare set of propellers and a spare battery. The reason this isn't in the description of the pledges is that once someone has pledged for a certain reward, we can not edit that reward or description. Our Kickstarter backers asked for a spare battery and those pledge levels had already been defined, hence they don't reference the spare battery or propellers. Does that help? Hey Dennis: Yes, every Zano will have a full spare set of propellers. Hey Matthew: Thank you. I'll have a look to see if there is a possibility of routing those signals. No promises though. Hey Jon: The camera is fairly good in low light but you can use the display as a torch or flash. Spare parts for Zano will be available on www.flyzano.com and repairs are very easy to do yourself. Most repairs wouldn't require any tools at all. Hey Alexander: Thank you. It is pretty neat. Hey Midhun: Absolutely, every Zano has a spare battery and a full set of spare propellers. Hey Tim: Good question. Zano will return to the last known position of your phone or tablet. If you were flying from the shore line, then Zano will return to you there. Does that help? Hey Omura: Absolutely you can take photos and video whilst flying, following or even landed. Hey Ben: I think you will like the video. It is a short video, no spoilers :-) Hey Tom: Your absolutely right. If a typical run took you 8 minutes then you'd be fine, Zano flying flat out manoeuvring all over the place is going to consume the battery much faster than normal flying. If your like me and my downhill skiing is more amusement for others than a sport then Zano could idle along with me catching all the embarrassing moments :-) Hey Holger: I'm waiting on some information about lenses. Once I know more, I will update you. Have a great afternoon each and everyone of you and thank you as always for your support. As I write this we are now less then £115,000 from our second stretch goal. Every pledge, share and like helps us get the cost of manufacturing down and therefore allows us to add more features and functionality. If you wouldn't mind, sharing what we are doing here with anyone you haven't already and help us get the word out. Thank you. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good morning all, Hey Szabolcs: I was speaking with our camera supplier last night and am waiting on some pricing for a few options. I will see what lens options we can offer too. We will definitely offer different lenses as add-ons. I'm just trying to find the best match for the standard Zano camera and lens to meet 95% of the requirements. So the answer is yes, we will offer different lenses as add-ons, I just don't have the details yet. Does that help? Hey Lukas: Thank you your suggestion. We are actually working on a video at the moment, due to be uploaded today and some new rewards. Hey Jonathan: Sounds like a great idea. Zano electronics are rated to -45c so no problem there. Hey Matthew: Sorry, Zano is very tight on space. The top plastic his the electronics to within 1mm all the way around. On the expansion point, once again, sorry, every pin is used on the Microcontroller. By removing the RGB display you do get a high speed SPI port as well as power. Hey Sean: Thank you and glad you joined and thank you for your support. Noted regarding the batter combo. The camera itself is very easy to remove. We could certainly offer different cameras later on. You can charge Zano directly using a standard USB cable or the batteries can be charged externally. We will offer an external USB charger unit for the batteries as part of the end of campaign survey. We are working on a number of videos, the problem is, to take time away from finalising Zano to make more videos does slow the project down. However, we want to keep showing you all the cool features of Zano. I'll see if we can compile a video on the obstacle avoidance before the end of the campaign and use it as one of our in the lab videos. Number 3 is due out soon. Landing and take off are fully automated as is hold position and follow me. You hit a button to launch, that button then changes to land. If you press that button again, Zano lands completely controlled. Hey David: Thank you. We have some cool things in store for you all, new videos and new rewards coming out very very shortly. Hey Leon: Sounds perfect. To give you an idea, Zano could fly 10m ahead of you, as you cut left and right, your phone will use GPS and accelerometer to send new position information to Zano. As Zano flies, it will turn left and right whilst flying backwards to keep you in frame. Does that help? Hey Matthew: Good question. Yes and no. The objective of this campaign is to get volumes up on Zano itself which is how we get the cost down and therefore we can allocate more resources to building new functionality. On the survey at the end of the campaign, if you want another Zano then absolutely, this goes towards the stretch goals. If you want more batteries then no it doesn't because it doesn't help us get Zano volume up. Also, we will build all the functionality in those stretch goals regardless of whether or not we reach the goal during this campaign, it will just take us longer to release them. The stretch goals will allow us to develop and release those functions much much sooner. Does that help? Hey Larry: Very well put and thank you for your comment. That aligns very well with our business plan. Get a rock solid working Zano out the door, continue to improve functionality and provide updates. Once that is done, we can focus on release cool add-ons, things that a photographer might want such as optical zooming lens, HDR etc. Hey Jasse: Did Matthews answer give you the information you needed? Have a great morning all. I'll be back later on. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good evening all, Hey Nicholas: Absolutely, on the survey at the end, there will be the opportunity to buy bulk battery packs of probably 4,6,8 units. The same will apply to propellers and other spares. You will also have the option to order another Zano or case, whatever you wish apart from the really limited edition items. Hey Matthew: Good point, it would be easy electrically to interface to that port where the RGB display currently connects. Hey Midhun: No worries. All that information will be available in the developers documentation. Have a great evening, I'll pop back in the morning. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good morning everyone, Hey Midhun: Thank you, approaching 500% now. Hey Stevens: :-) Too true. Hey Matthew: Sorry, every single pin of every single device is used. The only expansion options are to remove the RGB display, this exposes +3v3, GND and a 85mbps SPI channel. Hey Midhun: I like your idea, for each of our UAV's, we go through an extensive research period where we try numerous motors for reliability, performance, weight etc and the the same with propellers looking for the best match, performance, reliability etc for the target weight of the UAV. I'm sure with more modelling we could further improve the efficiency however I am confident that we are probably pushing 95% of what we can achieve for the cost restrictions. Hey Larry: Thank you, much appreciated. Hey Gabriel: Fair point and thank you for raising this. I think the difference is many of the features of our editing suite will be able to utilise the HPC. So once (if you choose too) you upload content to the HPC, you can edit it remotely using the editing suite, applying filters etc and seeing the result much more quickly than if the processing was done locally. Your quite right, loads of apps offer the functionality and I would think many people have their preferred app for this purpose. If we find out suite is rarely used, we will look at other ways of providing real value to the Zano users. On the transfer point, I agree, this is important. It is one of the functionality updates mentioned in stretch goal 3, the firmware updates to not only use the SD card but to retrieve content over WIFI from the SD card directly to your phone or tablet. On the camera front, I am looking into options. To get so much technology to a consumer price as we have with Zano, we have pretty tight restrictions on prices. If a better camera in volumes is financially feasible, we will certainly look to making this the defacto standard for Zano. Hey Rupert: Thank you. Hey Ben: I agree. It shows how exciting Zano technology is if within 12 days of the public launch of our Kickstarter campaign that some are trying to rip it off twice within a few days. :-) Have a great morning all. I'll be back later. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Hey everyone, just a quick update. The ONLY place to get involved with Zano is on Kickstarter, this will continue until the Kickstarter campaign finishes. After that, all genuine distributors will be referenced on the www.flyzano.com site. We know there will be cheap copies, they may even look the same. The fact we are making 3D models available for you to 3D print probably makes it easier, However, Zano's functionality can't be copied. We genuinely believe in doing business fairly and we ask for everyone to keep a look out and let us know of any fakes or fake campaigns. Hey Stevens: Really appreciate the heads up, thank you. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good evening everyone, Hey Stevens: Thank you. I'll go check it out. Hey CD: Your very welcome. Once the campaign finishes, we will offer all the add-ons we can in the survey so if you want other bits, you can certainly add them. Thank you, we genuinely appreciate it. It is only through comments we know if we need to make changes or implement ideas that you, the backers come up with. Hey Matthew: Yes it would and your quite correct, however if it is normal spray paint from pressure pack cans, if the layers are kept thin, the impact should be minimal. Hey Jasse: Noted, this is one item I am still looking into. I'll come back to you once I have more information. Hey Dudley. If you were to use a paper mask and spray a few layers of camouflage on Zano using thin spray paint from pressure pack cans, you should be fine. You can remove the top and bottom plastic parts of Zano, you could then clip them together away from the electronics and spray them. Once dry, you could reassemble. The normal enamel or epoxy paints would be fine, just keep the layers really thin and light. Hey Szabolcs: Noted :-) Have a great sunday folks and as always, thank you for all your support. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good afternoon all, Hey Ben: Absolutely. the future is limitless. Once we get version 1 out there, all these add-ons can enhance your version 1 with whatever functionality we can build. Docking stations etc. Exciting stuff. Hey Tim: We are looking into making Windows Phone a standard supported item. I like the idea of wireless charging, the issue is the about of power that can be sent that way vs how quickly flying robots use the power. We have had quite a few comments about a base station charger that Zano could return too and recharge, I think once Zano's are shipped to you all, this will be an idea we will certainly look seriously into. Hey Lukas: I agree, it would, it is a good idea. Something certainly worth further investigation. Hey Simon: Thank you for the suggestion, I like the idea, I would use it myself. Definitely something we will look into. Hey Jerome: Your absolutely correct, Zano, the SDK and the firmware all support flying by waypoints. One reason we aren't releasing that function in the standard Zano app is legislation. See my response to Bosco for a little more detail on this. :-) Hey Bosco: We want to ensure that we can always work with legislators to keep Zano legal everywhere and a lot of the legislation states that you must be in control and the UAV must be in line of sight. I suspect this will become common world wide. So long as what we provide as standard assists us meet legislation then Zano should always be legal. If however third party developers build apps that make use of other Zano functions, it would then be a users responsibility. We don't have any hard or fast answers yet as so much legislation is a little bit fuzzy especially around nano UAV's but our aim is to continue to work with legislators to keep Zano legal. Hey Miroslav: I have a surprise for you :-) We use a small WIFI module that has its own ARM7 processor on board and can run CGI/PERL code directly. This module has direct serial access to the Zano main processor and subsequently the Zano OS. I suspect you could do exactly what you want using that. Hey BonanzaNLD: Thank you for your question, please see my response to Bosco and Jerome. Hey VDW: Good question, there is always a little latency in any digital system due to the nature of packing frames. However, Zano captures >30fps, and the frame sent to your phone/tablet is never more than 2 frames behind the current captured frame. Based on that what your seeing is never more than 1/15 of a second behind the actual frame being processed. This is about 80ms and to most people is not perceivable. Does that help? Hey Larry: That is a really interesting idea, I'll take that away and have a chat with the team. Thank you. Hey Matthew: Thank you, I know the Zano team all enjoy working on the project too. Good idea, I'll mention Reddit to Reece (Head of Marketing and Sales), he is pretty thorough so may have already done it but I'll mention it anyway. Noted re: Range extended (+1 votes) :-) Hey Grant: Noted :-) Hey Will: Zano can fly completely disconnected from any WIFI source, our standard Zano app will disable this function for safety but with the SDK (I know third party developers will make use of this) Zano supports >500 waypoints and each way point can have complex actions programmed as part of it, such as reach point x,y, face point a,b, climb to altitude q and take 5 of 5mp stills, then move to next waypoint. Hey Bjoern: Noted. This is looking like a popular add-on :-) Hey Joseph: Zano app's (iOS, Android) will support all regions they are supported in. 2.4g WIFI is also unregulated virtually everywhere so you should be 100% fine. Hey Jose: Good questions. Zano has a built in charger. So you can leave the battery permanently connected to Zano and Zano will power down to standby when not use. Zano has a MicroUSB socket and comes with a charge cable that allows you to connect Zano to any USB port or USB compatible charger. Regarding updates, Zano uses OTA (over the air) updating. So the Zano app that we release will update Zano firmware using the WIFI connection so no computer is required, only a device that can run the Zano app and supports WIFI. Hey Lukas: Noted :-) Hey John: Yes, through future updates we will be making use of every cool feature of every piece of hardware including assisted GPS, very well spotted and absolutely we will make use of it. Zano will also power up the GPS every 60 minutes or so for 35 seconds or until it gets a lock, whichever comes first, coupled with downloading satellite information from the phones GPS, the lock time will be as quick as is possible. Fantastic comments everyone. Really good to see so many people looking at the technology from different angles. We have already taken so many of your ideas on board and as such, we deliver a better product than we would have done with your your input. Thank you. Have a nice sunday and I'll check in later. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good evening all, Hey Giles: Thats a neat idea. Zano does have direct control of the IR transmitters positioned on each face of Zano. They are 45 degree transmitters, maybe not quite what your suggesting but they could certainly be used for an aerial dogfight game between two or more Zano's :-) Or we could build an add-on after we ship Zano that is a laser diode of the correct frequency in a small package that when the IR receivers on Zano detect a particular signature, they know they have been hit. Hey Joerg: Thank you, check out www.torquinggroup.com. We are releasing 4 UAV's this year, our biggest UAV is 120mm by 120mm and is a heavy lift platform but is designed for heavy commercial usage, law enforcement etc and as such is lower volume and higher cost. Glad you like the removable LED display, we will provide various CAD files on the www.flyzano.com site that will allow you to download and 3D print a bottom without the display space. The SDK will also outline the electrical, and data communications used by that display so indeed, you could design and fit other sensors etc in place of the display. Hey Joseph: Noted, this is something we are seriously looking into. Hey Jose: Good point, the other team members and myself are haven a chat over the weekend about rewards and what you have all been asking for to see what we can do. I'll come back on this one. Hey John: Thats a neat idea. Yes, with a functional update, Yes, the IR transmitters on Zano could certainly communicate with other devices. Thank you for the suggestion. Hey underhund: We use the worlds smallest fully integrated GPS. Please check out <url>£2,000 per month in electricity alone. We are planning to keep it free of charge permanently. What we will do is generate revenue through advertising on the www.flyzano.com video section, much like some other video streaming sites as well as providing a base level of usage that is free and a charged premium level of services on the HPC for professionals. Premium usage would include more storage space, priority over processing time so your videos process faster etc. We want it free to everyone and to provide an exceptional service to everyone. There will however be people who want that little bit extra and for that premium we will offer a premium package, at a fair price. From the Zano app, you can choose if/when to upload content for processing. Really good question and roaming charges could be extreme otherwise. You could wait until you return after a holiday and use your home WIFI if that is what you wanted to do or do it at the time of taking the content. Entirely your choice. Regarding low battery, that is really good idea. That is a function I will ensure is included in the firmware and as a option you could select. Thank you for the suggestion. Swarm pack, I like that. If we can get a few people to vote for that, we will certainly add it as a reward. Hey David: Another good question. Let me answer it this way, Zano with the new motors (production Zano) will fly at sea level with about 55-60% of maximum power. Flying at 20m above the ground at high altitude is a really good question. The tallest mountain in Wales is 1085m, as soon as we have the pre-production units back, we will try and see what % of maximum power is needed for flight. From that we should be able to extrapolate based on air temperature the maximum altitude Zano can fly well at. Hey John: Excellent, we will collect that information at the end of the campaign. Hey Matthew, Hey Ben: I'm happy to look over the idea, may well be something we can assist a third party to make and provide through the www.flyzano.com site. Zano is and has to be our focus but we will support third parties where possible to help expand the Zano eco-system :-) I think that is everything. I'll pop back later. Have a nice morning all. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good evening everyone, Hey Giles: As Matthew said, being a quad, you can tilt the camera on any angle but in doing so, the UAV will travel in the direction of incline. Hey Larry: Good question, no not yet but I know we will and I hope developers out there have some fun doing that kind of thing with them. We do go work to have play time, it certainly is that much fun sometimes. :-) Sorry, that probably didn't help. Hey Robert: Thank you, even if we aren't able to implement every idea or request, but we do try, the suggestions are all noted and will help formulate new add-ons once we deliver the Zano's. Don't be surprised if in 2015, you see a new bottom for Zano that does exactly what you are suggesting. Hey Alan: Good comment, just an FYI, the led display just plugs into the flight frame. To remove the LED display is a matter of unclipping the top and bottom of Zano and unplugging the display. You could also 3D print a new bottom and re-assemble it. Hey John: Fair point. At the end of the campaign when we send out the survey, if you would like other add-ons such as spare sets of propellers (Zano comes with a full spare set), more batteries or whatever, would you be happy to let us know then and we can adjust your package? Hey Will: Thank you, really appreciate that. Hey JW: Have a look at my response to Robert. Zano is designed to be easy to assemble and consequently easy to disassemble and modify. I'm sure in no time, we will have not only add-ons, new 3D models for people to download from ourselves and third parties on the www.flyzano.com site as well as all kinds of cool stuff. Your Zano your way :-) Sounds cheesy but it is what we have tried to achieve. Hey Matthew, Hey Giles: It would look pretty neat though. Do you agree? A super lightweight carbon fibre frame that interconnects a swarm of Zano's for heavy lifting. Have a nice evening everyone. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Hey everyone, I thought I would pop in a little bit earlier than normal. Hey Antal: Thank you. Yes, batteries will be available both in singles and various pack sizes. We are looking all sorts of add-ons at the moment. We are also putting as many battery slots in both the standard and the limited edition case as we can reasonably fit. Hey Matthew, Hey Holger: You spoilt one of our surprises but really glad you did because it is a really cool idea. We are going to be releasing CAD files in most formats including STL, STEP, IGES etc for the top and bottom of Zano. These will be available on the www.flyzano.com website. We will also encourage Zano enthusiasts to design their own parts and upload them to www.flyzano.com. Some will be free but to encourage others to design cool parts, I'm sure some will have a nominal charge for them. The Zano developer community is not just about software, it is about helping others design hardware for Zano as well as cool add-ons such as cool tops and bottoms that you can download and 3D print from home. You could for example down a Cat top if your a cat fan and make your Zano a flying cat. If your into certain cartoons, you could download the top and bottom, using the RGB display as the face and make your Zano your personal interactive version of that cartoon character. The possibilities are endless. Hey everyone: I think the rest of the comments are about the display. I'll give you a few examples as to what we feel it could be used for if that is ok. Might help answer your questions. 1. For taking photos, a countdown is an obvious one. 2. Photos: The display can act as a flash. 3. Videos: The display can act as a light. 4. Games: You can animate and display how many lives you have left as well as explosions if your shot down. 5. Games: You could show arrows for hide and seek giving you hints as to where someone is hiding. 6. General: If flying in autonomous mode, you could display battery % 7. General: You could display GPS data, ground speed or whatever information you want too. 8. General: You could send your friends messages by flying it to them, hovering, speaking and texting the message on the screen before flying away. 9. Swarming: Display the number of each device so you know which one your tasking and which one is swarm leader. The list goes on. When we specified the capabilities of Zano, we didn't want it to just be another UAV, which it isn't but we wanted to create something that you take everywhere. We wanted to make it interactive and to support idea's that you might come up with that we hadn't dreamt of. Yes it can take photos or videos but you can also use it for games, general fun out and about with your mates. The display weighs 1.5grams in total and the plastic shell around it is about the same, we are looking at 5-6% of the total weight so it isn't huge. Does that make sense? What are your thoughts on this? Hey livio: Absolutely it can film from any angle. Front, back, sides, entirely 360 degrees around you. Being a quad, it can fly in any direction. If it is travelling quickly it will lean the direction of travel but if your for example riding a bike downhill, you probably wouldn't notice the camera is on a slight angle. Once again, this could be post-processed out if you wanted on the HPC. Have a good afternoon everyone and I'll pop back later. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good afternoon everyone, Just a quick update, we are filming a video as I write this. The video is to form part of Chatper 3 of our "In The Lab" series. The crux of the video today is showing Zano changing motor direction continuously, full speed one direction, to full speed the other, and to demonstrate the motor endurance to this torture. It has been running well over 30 minutes so far at full power, the motors are warm but everything is holding well. Should be an interesting video once completed. Hey Ben: Your absolutely correct. Every Zano will ship with a full set of spare propellors. Hey Feng: Really good point, we are looking how small and compact a case can be. We have had queries about whether we can add a shoulder strap to make it easy to take everywhere and the smaller the case so long as we can fit everything, certainly helps make it more portable. We are in discussions with our case manufacturer and as soon as we have specifics, I will post the details here. Hey Matthew: Zano can be tilted but will then fly in that direction. Eg. if Zano is following you from behind Zano will tilt forward and this will drop the angle of the camera quite significantly. Hey Dekany: Sorry for the mis-spelling, I can't find the proper characters. Thank you, really nice comment. Every Zano will have a full set of spare propellers supplied with it. Have a nice day everyone and I'll be back later on. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good morning everyone, Hey John: I agree, I suspect there is a risk. It is an unusual problem because Crowd funding is about supporting new technology, developments etc and in return you get a reward so it isn't purchasing a product in the usual sense. Hey Bosco: Interesting question. Some countries may apply some customs fee or duty, some may not. We will ship the Zano's from the factory in bulk on pallets to various regions around the world where a courier agent will then ship the individual Zano's to you all. We should minimise custom's fees this way too. I can not be specific for a country though, if in doubt, you are best to speak with your customs and excise division within the government. Crowd funding is also a new idea to many of the taxation and customs bodies, we do have your question and a few others with our taxation people. If we hear anything specific, I'll post it here. Hey Angus: We are trying a few ideas at the moment for a manually tillable camera. Hey Alan: Good comment, we are looking into different lens options for the camera and are expecting to be able to offer different camera add-ons through the www.flyzano.com site a they become available. Regarding volume, I use a decibel meter yesterday afternoon. Zano in free air away from objects inside at 1m the average volume was 65db. with a peak at 70db during harsh stabilisation. If you look up 65db, its a normal human conversation at 1m. We are looking forward to shipping you all your Zano's. Hey Larry: Cheers and stay well. I'll be in contact regarding seeing what we can do about working with a third party developer on that app. Hey Amog: Noted, can't promise anything as my focus is on PCB revisions and getting Zano's ready but we do lots of test flying with various firmware updates, if the opportunity presents itself, I'll do what you have suggested. Hey Takuya: Excellent. We are looking to also stream telemetry to the SD card. So you have accurate frame by frame information about what Zano was doing, where it was etc. Just another piece of information that may help enthusiasts. Hey Matthew: Great comments and responses, thank you for being so involved with the campaign. Anything you build for Zano, of course you can make open source. Hey Robert: That is a question I aim to answer next week. We have some adapters for our prototype that allow the mounting of the larger production motors so I can test total thrust to weight and see what lift capacity we have left over. I'll come back to you on this one. Hey David: Parts of the video where you could see Zano in frame were not shot with Zano. All aerial video work was post processed for stabilisation. Zano is tiny and physics is not on our side when it comes to stability which is why we have spent a lot of time on stabilisation routines for the flight frame itself, reversible motors and very importantly building a supercomputer (HPC) to provide batch processing for all Zano's users free of charge to allow capabilities such as video stabilisation, colour correction, stitching etc to all be applied post capture. Does that make sense? I have had a few people ask for raw footage captured from the Zano. I'm currently working on seeing how high I can push the camera bandwidth. When I do my next lot of testing with the latest firmware, I'll ensure we capture as many scenarios as we can and show both the raw and post processed content. Have a great morning everyone. I'll be back in the afternoon, now it is time for me to focus on the camera firmware and hardware and see just what we can squeeze out. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good evening all, I had to pop in to say thank you. We have just passed the £500,000 mark and are 66% of the way towards our second stretch goal. This fantastic response is down to you all, your support is making this happen. Thanks personally from myself and every member of the Zano team here at Torquing Group. Hey Philipp: Thank you and really glad you are part of this. We can't open source the work we have done as I'm sure you can all understand, however the SDK will be open. Ass with most developer communities, there is a terms and conditions document to agree to online, nothing onerous, just very standard and then as a developer you will have access to all the programmings interfaces, documentation, FAQ and developer support so people can do exactly as you say and build for previously unsupported platforms. Hey David: Zano will have an onboard MicroSD cradle so you can use your own MicroSD cards to store video and photos locally. There are examples in the Kickstarter videos of video taken from Zano. With our in the lab series, we will be showing various technical aspects of Zano in each chapter. If you want specific videos, let us know and we will see if we can accommodate your request. Hey Larry: Your most welcome. My parents worked with kids with various levels of autism so your request hits home with me. I will post my offer onto the developer community too so please stay connected long after this campaign finishes and I'm sure we can arrange a good outcome. Have a great evening everyone. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good evening everyone, Hey John: Your correct, the stretch goal is to use video processing to follow a target as in keep your face within frame and make refined and rapid movements at the frame rate of the camera to compensate. If the object gets smaller, Zano will fly forward trying to keep it in the frame of view. Hey David: Thank you, it is really important to us to try local first. Some parts are made overseas, but as much as we can including the PCB assembly, full build, test and box is all done in Wales. Something we are very excited about. Hey Matthew: Good question, I'll take that one away and check with the guys responsible for the pricing. Hey John: Thank you. Part 3 will involve more technical stuff, we just want to show our backers the full Zano picture. Hey Nagamendo: Thank you. Really great comment and much appreciated. I'm not sure if you read in an earlier response from me that that camera will support software pan and tilt so you could fine tune the frame position without loosing video resolution using the camera's windowing capability. Hey Stefan: Well spotted, that is one we missed. Yes, all pledges from £139 and above get two batteries, sorry we didn't mention it on the £189 but I promise it will be included. If that pledge is not already updated, it will be soon. Hey Wei: It is very exciting. We love the technology and are passionate about it but to see the enormous response from all of you is reassuring that our time developing Zano has been well spent. Hey Larry: Really interesting comment and one that has got me thinking. I am personally passionate about education at all levels and giving opportunities to those who may not have those opportunities otherwise. I really like your idea, so much so that I put it to the developers out there, I will personally provide my support to a suitable developer who takes up the challenge to provide what Larry has suggested. A friendly app that allows young users to task Zano to do the sorts of things Larry has suggested. After the Kickstarter campaign finishes, I'll put this on the developer forum too. Have a great evening everyone and as always, thank you for your support. Can I ask that you continue to share, tweet and like what we are doing here and help us reach as many people as we can. It is only with your support that we can achieve this. I'll be back in the morning. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good afternoon everyone, Hey Miroslav: The SDK will have two levels, one which is the explanation of the native binary language used to communicate to Zano, with this you have very good access to the Zano OS and core functionality. The other aspect to the SDK is nicely presented programmers interface which abstracts developers from the native binary language and will have functions such as launch to 1m, fly to GPS point x,y etc. You will also be able to interrogate most of the same information as available in the native binary language but it will be presented to be much more friendly. Glad your excited and keep going with your project too. It is a great deal of fun and very rewarding to develop. Hey Livio: With the SDK, you could disable the auto return to home function and then set a waypoint outside the WIFI range, yes. You could also set another waypoint to bring it back within range. Hey Midhun: Thank you, really nice comment and much appreciated. We have one of our partners, a company that makes and supplies one of the key pieces for us launching some publicity very shortly. Have a nice afternoon. Have a nice afternoon everyone and I'll be back this evening. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good morning everyone, Hey Alvin: It is always a difficult question to answer, however I can give you some examples from my own use on the prototypes. I ran the motors on a number of prototypes full speed one direction, then change direction to full speed the other direction and did this 4 times per second for over 4 hours and the motors still worked and with no noticeable wear on bearings or brushes. Bear in mind, this test operation is the about the most harsh test that could be run on the motors. I simply got bored and after 4 hours turned it off. I will run this test again until the motors fail so I can gather MTBF data (mean time between failures) Hey Midhun: Thank you, we are so passionate about this project and the technology. A manually tilting camera is looking more and more likely. We are looking into tooling costs as well to implement all the small plastic parts required to make this reliable. Hey Amog: Thank you, I appreciate the support. From our point of view, suggestions that we can implement at this stage and will result in a better product we will implement, some suggestions as much as we would like too, simply aren't feasible. Our goal is and has remained unchanged, to deliver Zano on time and on spec. Hey Matthew: Regarding GPS, you can set position LAT, LONG, Altitude, hold time, action (land, take off, transit, take photo etc) as well as focus point LAT, LONG so Zano knows what to look at. Over 190 other communication parameters exist at the moment and these will be added too with every functional update which will expand upon the API. You can also interrogate hundred of internal values as well as the 90 odd configuration parameters that can be set or retrieved. You can also name your Zano through the SDK so if your planning on flying a number of them on the same network, your code can interrogate each Zano to attain it's name/id. Does that help? Good question about the sensors, I do cover it one of the videos but your quite right, it hasn't be written out below. Zano has GPS, Magnetometer, Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Barometric air pressure sensor, IR obstacle avoidance, microphone, speaker, echo sounding sonar, 32 bit 330DMIPS processor and now an SD card amongst loads of other filters, digital processing components and other key components. Does that help? Please note, this will all be covered in the SDK, full documentation on how to communicate with Zano, what to expect back, how Zano will respond to misformed requests etc. Hey Stevens: Thank you, really appreciate that. I assure you our level of communication will continue. One reason Reece and I put our names to this and have been so open is to reassure everyone that we are accountable to every one of you and we genuinely appreciate your support, comments and questions. Hey Marco: With the SDK you certainly could. Really good idea. Hey AngusCNH: Thank you. We have with a 6" square phased array antenna on 2.4g, controlled our prototype from nearly 2km away. I would say over 1km is easily achievable. We have a booster for our other UAV's that does exactly this, takes the WIFI signal from your phone or tablet and retransmits it to the UAV and vice versa. Have a great morning everyone and thanks again for the great suggestions and comments. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good evening everyone, What an afternoon, brilliant questions and comments. I didn't respond this afternoon as I have been visiting a data centre that we are looking to build a twin of our HPC in for resilience. Anyway, I'm back now so let me get started. Hey NX: Good question, I don't have the dimension with me however the display is 22mm square, so 37mm top to bottom or 1.5" is going to be pretty close. Hey Alwyn: Zano can sense objects anywhere from 1.5m away down to just beyond the propellors so complex environments so long as there is enough space to deal with minor position oscillations typical with rapidly changing distance measurements, it should be fine. On top of that, the obstacle avoidance is configurable so you can set the response speed and force and tune it up or down depending on your environment. Does that help? Hey Mark: If I miss a question, sorry, just let me know but I'll try and answer your queries. I'm not sure if the OV5647 is a current camera. It isn't shown on the Omnivision website so I suspect it may be superseded, I'm not sure though. The lense options on the camera certainly is something we can look into and possibly release replacement camera's with different lenses for different purposes. The camera is very easy to replace, it is on a small flexible circuit (industry standard) that easily inserts into a ZIF (zero insertion force) connector. Once again, all industry standard. If we are able to do replacement cameras with different options, it should be a 30 second swap out procedure. Yes, all camera options will be available through the app. Hue, Contrast, Exposure etc. Regarding the SDK, if you use the PHP SDK, you could do exactly what you want and write very simple PHP code that uses the SDK to perform whatever you like. The web based interface I mentioned previously is actually on a high end commercial UAV we are releasing, it was an example of what developers could do with the SDK. Zano will communicate by default directly with your phone or tablet anywhere in the world, even if your phone doesn't have a phone signal as Zano creates its own special WIFI hotspot. Regarding the HPC. Yes, all your content is saved locally, either on the SD card or on your phone. You can choose to use our HPC to process the video but you don't have too. Its entirely optional. We are seriously looking into options to make the camera manually adjustable. We love a challenge so we will find a solution. If I missed anything, please let me know Hey Lukas: I'm not 100% sure what your asking. You could tell Zano to fly ahead of you and to point ahead so it records what your seeing and with inertial sensors on your phone or tablet coupled with inertial sensors on Zano, the reaction speed will be very quick, much faster than that of GPS alone. Hey Midhun: Zoom will have to be digital and will certainly be included. If zoomed in, the camera supports a window feature that would support pan and tilt within the optical frame of view for the camera. Does that help? Hey Lukas, Hey Larry: Sorry guys, I'm confused. Have I answered the query? If not, please let me know. If I haven't answer a particular question, sorry, please let me know and I'll respond. Have a great evening. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good morning everyone, Hey Paul, Hey Larry: Thanks guys. New technology is always met with mixed reactions. Some people immediately embrace it like all our Kickstarter backers have, some people are scared by it and some simply just don't get it. Given time, I think most people will see just how cool this technology really is and as always, its not the technology that is scary but the people who do wrong with it. Hey Matthew: Thank you. If you couple that with a 30db phased array antenna and good low noise amplifier, the range of full speed communications is fantastic. True about 3D printing an object. I would think it could be used to create pretty good colour 3D models of famous buildings too. Good point about battery life. Hey John: Absolutely agree. This project is all about volumes. The higher the volume, the lower the manufacture price and the more goodies we will stuff into the package :-) Hey Andreas: Your quite correct. You may have joined after I posted it but fairly early on I mentioned that Zano listens on TCP port 10000. If you connect to that, you can communicate in Zano's native binary language and do exactly what your saying. The reason we are planning to build API's in many languages is to remove the complexity of encoding and decoding those messages, conversion of types etc but if your confident with network programming then as you say, you can indeed talk directly. All the information about the structure of the binary language will be in the SDK. It is basically a binary command interpreter. You send a command followed by the parameters. Zano parses this, cleans and checks it then handles your request. You can pack hundreds or thousands of commands into a single payload. Each message sent to Zano can be up to 8kb in size and a typical command such as launch to 1m takes 4 bytes. We have a web based user interface for one of our other UAV's that is a website with full dynamic and responsive user interface, artificial horizon, compass, live video and it is powered by a PHP module sitting on a server. This PHP module uses the SDK for another one of our products to control and task the UAV. It is cool to watch. Are you going to join up to the developers network? Have a great morning everyone. Kind Regards, Ivan Reedman @FlyZano Good evening again everyone, Hey Ben: Thank you, I have noticed that you have handled quite a few queries. Much appreciated. Hey Matthew: Good point. Regarding your second query about circling a target. With the SDK you can easily upload over 500 compound waypoints. So Zano could circle a target keeping the camera pointing towards a particular GPS LAT, LONG continuously and upon reaching each way point, you could set an action of take photo. You would end up with 500 high resolution still photos on the one point with a angular resolution of nearly 0.5 of a degree. The 3D models you could build from that, would be fairly impressive. Thoughts? Hey Eirikur: The priority for languages will be based on the demand from developers. The obvious ones are iOS and Android, then Windows Mobile I would think. Beyond that Java, PHP and all the desktop languages. All based on what our developers tell us they want. If you wish to use the SDK, as soon as the developer site is open, please register and start to provide feedback as to what you want. Your feedback will help us shape the developer tools we make. Have a great evening. I'll be back in the morning. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good evening everyone, Hey Adrian, Hey Larry: Absolutely: Our first priority is refine what we already have built and then delivering exactly what we have promised. It is one reason we are providing free "In App Purchases" to all Kickstarter backers for 12 months so as we build new and exciting features, you all benefit as a thai you for your support. I assure everyone, our first priority is 'bombproof' operation. We want you to enjoy Zano as much as we do and making it super easy to use, auto recovery, loads of fail safes so it does everything you need it to do. All the cool features we want it to do, will come, I assure you but at the right time so as to not distract from the primary objective. Zano :-) Hey Andy: All good points. I like the glow in the dark propellers. A simple one for us to look at later on. Hey Matthew: Good point, however have you considered using post processing on our HPC. If you take 80% of each frame by allowing a border of say 100 pixels on each side, top and bottom, that is 10% of the view. Any drift can be compensated for quickly by Zano but can be post processed out and combined together for 3D content. Hey Andy, Hey Rina: Interesting idea, can you leave that with me, I will take that one away and come back to you. Hey Joey: At the end of the campaign we will send out a survey to handle exactly that sort of situation. If you pledged for one item, then pledged more and want to change to another item, we will capture that and ensure you get the items your after. Hey Giles. Good idea, it could be even be done using the Zano mesh network built in that we will use later on for swarming. See our final stretch goal. With this running, Zano's could sync data including frames and timing between each other. Hey John: Good idea. Easy one to do to. Another one I'll take to the carry case manufacturer. Hey Rupert: Thank you. Hey Lukas: Absolutely. So many cool possibilities. We will have a field application engineer available in the 2015 to work with developers both software and hardware alike to help third parties create cool add-ons for Zano. A huge thank you to all our Kickstarter backers. You have helped us now push through £400,000 in 8 days. We are now well over half way to our second and significant functionality update stretch goal. Your support inspires us to keep doing what we do best, that is to create awesome technology that until we announce what we are doing, people said was impossible. Like I said, we love a challenge but your support makes it worthwhile. Have a nice evening. Kind Regards, Ivan Reedman @FlyZano Good afternoon everyone. I didn't respond this morning because I was in a meeting discussing some of the questions, I wanted to come back to you with some answers and I have a few. Regarding the free lifetime "In-App Purchases" for Kickstarter backers, I'm sorry but we have looked at this and it just isn't feasible. A key part of our business is going to be these functionality updates and by staying profitable as a business means we can continue to develop and release the very best functionality we can for every one of you. I can assure the cost per function will be nominal though, as a business we genuinely believe in doing business fairly and will continue well beyond the Kickstarter campaign to develop, refine and release really cool features. Hey John: Fantastic post. Let me answer your questions. 1. Yes, hue, contrast, exposure, banding filters etc will all be accessible. 2. We are looking into software means of dealing with high dynamic ranging and post processing on our HPC to get brilliant results. We are also looking into other compatible camera's to offer the best we can for the price, weight, power restrictions we have. 3. I am waiting on production pricing for the OV5670, once I know more, I'll come back to you. It is a sweet camera. 4. I hadn't thought of that. It would depend on a few factors, mainly SD write speed as we have decent but limited memory on the Zano itself to buffer from the sensor itself before writing. Can you leave that with me? That is a really good idea. Hey Tom: If you have a look at the FAQ, we have put some detail in there about Zano's ability to fight the wind. It also uses inertial compensation in that it detects acceleration on an axis and will fight to arrest that so it provides much finer position control than GPS alone. Hey Midhun, Hey Holger: We want to encourage a strong developer community for Zano and I think there are developers out there with excellent experience already in 3D filming and composition using multiple camera who would be ideal to tackle the challenge. We will support developers wherever possible to help bring you cool functions like that. Hey John: It is a standard 1s 400mAh battery. However, please know not all batteries are created equal. We have a battery supplier that also supplies the batteries for our other UAV's and they have consistently delivered batteries that meet their stated capacity. We have tried lots of manufacturers and batteries as part of the research process and most have failed to deliver on stated capacity when put under load. So yes, you can buy replacement batteries locally and they will work fine but you may not achieve the same flight time. Also know the Zano charger is tuned to the battery we supply so that it chargers just below the batteries maximum recommended charge current. This charge current may be above that of other batteries and will shorten the life of other batteries. We will provide all the spares on www.flyzano.com and I assure you they will all be fairly priced. :-) Hey Brady: Absolutely. We can restrict either or both ground distance or altitude. Some countries may not need either in which case Zano will be unrestricted. Hey Peter: Wow, great question. I'll run through some figures, Zano runs top, front, back, left right obstacle avoidance 1,000 times per second. Zano has the ability to react to both strength of signal and speed of change. If you adjust the avoidance response (a simple slider on the config panel), then yes, I would think it could. Hey Matthew: If it helps, Zano has an internal time base running at over 100,000 times per second and all internal updates are done 1,000 times per second. You could film using two Zano's and use the high resolution time stamps on each feed to align them very accurately. Hey Kyriakos: The camera supports 720p 60fps, we will be building the SD card hardware in and continue to refine the firmware to support better and better video quality. The initial goal is 720p at maximum fps then 1080p at maximum fps. Hey Amog, Hey Larry, Hey Matt: Thank you. Our goal is to deliver Zano hardware and standard functionality ASAP, we will then continue to release new and cool features as fast as we can build them. We are working on a project plan for manufacturing this week working back from our ship date to ensure all milestones are specified and achieved on time to deliver our promise. Hey David: Good point, It is a camera I am looking seriously into. The advantage is similar control set to the 5640. Once I know more, I'll let you know. Hey James: Thank you, I think it would work really well. Hey Mark Howard: Fantastic idea, such a cool function and brilliant for outdoor people. Hey Mark Simms: Fantastic idea. I can picture it now. ZanoWear. The marketing guys here smiled when they read that. Thanks to every one, absolutely brilliant support, questions, comments, suggestions. The support you have all shown is way beyond what I could have imagined. We will implement every idea we can and will support our developer community to do the same. Have a great afternoon. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good evening one and all, Hey Ben: Fair point and as you have quite rightly said, our priority is getting all your Zano's manufactured and delivered. I do like the idea thought and I will look into an add-on once we have delivered. Hey David: Good to hear. :-) Hey Matthew: Absolutely. We will be running competitions once you all have your Zano's for the best photo and video shot using a Zano. Good idea, two Zano's flown as one. Great use of the SDK. You could even fly many more all on slightly different angles and allow post editing to change angle to get the best shot. Could be some awesome footage. Hey Jens: Regarding bandwidth, we use a third party nano-WIFI module that is already approved by the FCC etc. As updates and upgrades become available for that, Zano will be automatically able to upload the latest firmware and take advantage of the improvements. Changing from b/g/n would involve an RF chip change and all the relevant certifications that go along with that, time simply wouldn't permit it. Good suggestion though. Hey Gizmo: Yes, you certainly do. Hey David: I was thinking something along those lines, we could use small neodymium magnets on Zano and electro-magnets on the base, that way we could help Zano align itself on return and even launch Zano by reversing the polarity of the electro-magnets to launch Zano. Good to hear about being a tester too. :-) Hey Holger: Great concept. I like Matthews idea. This is a good idea for potential Zano developers. Fly two Zano's at a fixed distance from each other. This can be achieved using the obstacle avoidance sensors for close proximity flying and then splice the two separate video feeds into a 3D stream. Have a great evening everyone and I find myself saying this a lot recently but thank you Kickstarter backers. We have now passed £350,000, we have passed our first stretch goal and are well on the way towards our second. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good afternoon everyone, With regards to free lifetime functionality updates for backers, we haven't ruled this out. If we do it, it would be for all Kickstarter backers. It would be the only fair thing to do. We do however, need to look at the financial viability of doing so. Please don't see this as a non answer, we will look into it and see if it is feasible. Hey intherainyseason: Great name, do you live in a tropical region? I am looking into the camera and what options are available. Hey Jonathan: Zano has many fail safes built into the software including an automatic return to base on low battery. Hey Amog: Great idea about a dog tracker. We are looking into the idea of small transceivers that communicate on Zano's mesh network and would allow exactly what you have suggested, a follow me option on a dog collar or pretty much anything else. These are add-ons we will look into, much like the docking station and will release if possible on www.flyzano.com. Hey Lukas: Zano already has an onboard charger. I'll explain my thoughts on this to date, to use something like inductive charging I feel would take too long to charge a battery for the duration of flight. I am thinking about a small module that could connect to the onboard charger and then that connects to the docking station and allows charging like you have suggested. We might be able to magnetically connect the docking station to the charger on Zano. I'm thinking about solutions, whichever way, it certainly is possible. What we will do is on the survey at the end of this campaign is ask for anyone who would like to test any new ideas for us and provide feedback. Maybe something you would like to be involved in? Hey Pollock: We are actually looking into the feasibility of doing just that and making the camera adjustable even if it is just two angles, 45 degrees down and straight ahead. I can not impress enough just how tight space is and even the small plastic parts to allow a tilting camera are going to be a tight squeeze. In saying that, we are looking at it to see what we can do. Back to work for me, but before I do, a quick update for you all. I'm working on pushing the camera bandwidth up so I can see at what point it no longer works. Looking for the point at which parasitic capacitance causes bit errors. From there I can work on refining the digital layout. This is all required to maximise frame rate and resolution and possibly support different camera's. The new native iOS app is also in development. Focusing on the user interface at the moment, the previous app did it's job but now its time to really polish it up. Mechanical designs are being working on for possibly tilting the camera, making the plastics easy to assemble and taking into account some of the shape changes from our prototype to the production unit. Lots more happening in the background but I won't spoil any of it, you will just have to wait and see what we have in store. :-) Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good morning all, Hey Jason: Yes, Zano has one RGB landing light under each motor and these are controllable during flight. You can set any colour you want these to be and they are remarkably bright, especially at night. You could also have them flashing to help locate it if you chose. Yes, Zano has a full set of obstacle avoidance sensors. One pair on each axis including the top so it won't hit the ceiling. :-) Hey John: Zano can operate in two modes, one is where it creates its own WIFI hotspot meaning you can use it anywhere, the second mode is where Zano can connect to a pre-existing WIFI hotspot. Zano can actually do both at the same time. So in answer to your question, it is up to you, your Zano your way. Hey Matt and every Kickstarter backer: Firstly thank you for your comments about our communication. Reece (who is answering your emails) and myself answering comments really appreciate your comments, thank you. Regarding communication on-going, especially after this campaign finishes, everyone at the Torquing Group is very customer focused. As a co-founder I personally promise that we will continue to keep you all updated on progress. Beyond my personal promise, on the Torquing Group website www.torquinggroup.com there is a contact form and that form is received by myself, Reece and other senior members of staff. Once this campaign finishes, if you feel we are not keeping you up to date (I promise we will), but if you feel we are not, please send us a message and we will rectify whatever we can. We are accessible, accountable, professional and passionate. As time progresses, I am confident we will deliver on all our promises. Hey Fateh: Reece and Sam (our brilliant videographer and all around good guy) are with our production partner today and are working on a video for you all. No spoilers but stay tuned mid to late this week for the release :-) Hey David: The guarantee will be in a two sections. Guarantee for workmanship is one part, the other part will be guarantee for components. Some of these components will never fail, some like motors may. The actual guarantee periods are not yet finalised mainly because the production parts list is not 100% completed. Once it is, we will also obtain the guarantee periods from all the suppliers. Sorry, I don't have a specific answer for you yet, I will however take this question away and come back once I have an answer. I do like the idea of a charging station, this seems to be quite a popular request and something we will look into once we have delivered everyone their Zano. The ability of Zano to monitor movement, temperature, sound levels etc are all built into the hardware and your suggestion is really cool, it is for these reasons we are releasing an SDK that will allow third party developers to build all kinds of cool functions to further expand the functionality of your Zano. Stay tuned to see what developers release for Zano. Regarding spare propellors, yes, an entire set of spare propellors will be shipped with every Zano. The blades are friction fit and quite easy to replace. Hey Matthew: It is an interesting problem, flight time vs battery size. Please excuse me if you already know this, motors have a sweet spot, a point at which the power input and power output is at its most efficient, Zano operates fairly close to that sweet spot. If we increase the weight above that sweet spot all that happens is that excessive heat is generated in the motors for less lift per watt of input when compared with the sweet spot or below. So by increasing battery size, you can get a slightly extended flight time but the marginal gain is very quickly outweighed by the losses in efficiency resulting in not a significant increase in flight time. However, there are two ways of increasing flight time, the first and most difficult is batteries with a higher power density rating. That is power stored per gram of battery weight. This is reliant on battery technology which is improving but not much we can do about that right now. The second and complex way of improving flight time is through design. We work to shave off every single gram of weight we can, if we shave off 1gram that is 2% longer flight time give or take. The other way is efficiency in control electronics. We use high efficiency low RDon H bridges, what this really does is ensure as much energy from the battery as we can possibly get through into the motors occurs and isn't wasted in heat. We have also done extensive work on the Zano PCB layout, making tracks as wide as possible and as short as possible, all helps maximise efficiency and minimise heat. Sorry, I think I geeked everyone out. I eat, sleep and dream about this stuff. In answer to your question, better batteries is critical to longer flight time as is the design process. We are still trying to reduce weight to maximise flight time. Hey Barry: The camera is a 5mp 1080p camera, same sort of camera you get in lots of modern smart phones. We have had a few enquiries about higher resolution camera, no promises, it all comes down to cost but it is something I will take away and have a look at. Thank you to everyone for your comments, as always, keep them coming. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good evening everyone, Hey Jasse: We are not finalised on a fisheye or normal aspect lens. If we do go fisheye, we will also provide functionality to remove the fish eye effect so either way your photos and videos will not be distorted. Zano through future functionality updates will indeed store the highest resolution video it can directly to the SD card. Regarding the range limit, there is much discussion about this point and one I will take up with our legal people and also do some more research into. I will come back to you on this one once I have an answer. Hey Marc: Zano uses compound GPS information. By that I mean you can tell Zano where you want it to hold position as well as the GPS co-ordinates that you wish it to video or photograph so even if Zano gets blown off course, it will adjust its heading automatically to keep whatever you have chosen in the field of view of the camera. Now all this happens transparently to the user through the Zano app. Yes, it will work anywhere in the world with or without a cellular connection. Hey Andreas: We will keep all developers posted on the SDK. As soon as developers can register for beta access to the SDK, we will notify everyone. Really glad you want early access. The possibilities for this technology are boundless. Hey to everyone else, looks like matt surface wins. The injection tool can either be beed blasted to achieve a matt finish or beed blasted then highly polished to achieve the gloss finish so it does mean only one finish can be available but looking at the responses, I would say Matt surface finish is the choice. Have a great evening and I'll be back in the morning. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Hey all, just popping in to comment on the indiegogo site. Zano is on Kickstarter ONLY. If anyone spots Zano on another crowdfunding site, please let us know. We received an email from one supporter notifying us of the fake campaign on indiegogo. We have already got in contact with indiegogo and asked for the fake campaign to be removed. Thank you for notifying us. Hey Michael: Well spotted. We have been in discussions with our injection moulding company about the surface finish. I personally prefer the more low sheen finish. Does anyone else have thoughts on the surface finish? It is just about how the injection tooling is finished so we can take your input now and see what we can do. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good afternoon All, Hey Matthew: Good idea, I'll take that away and see what can be done. Hey Dave: Thank you, great to see you. I'm not aware of any comment regarding 12fps. Your quite correct, 12fps would be effectively useless. PAL is 25fps and NTSC is 30fps, the camera itself is easily capable of 720P 60fps and 1080p 30fps. We are looking into other camera modules with higher specifications but that has not been decided yet. I can confirm the camera will shoot initially 720p 30fps and we will then work on 1080p 30fps and 720p 60fps through functionality updates as mentioned previously. Hey David: That is exactly what we had in mind, a Zano app store. Fantastic to see you picked up on that one and your quite correct, I had not mentioned it. Hey Frans: Zano at 2m is about as loud as a quiet conversation. I will take some db readings and publish those over the coming weeks: I'm off for now and will be back this evening. Have a great sunday. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good morning everyone, I apologise for not responding to comments last night, I was unwell but feel better now, so I'm back! :-) To all our Kickstarter backers, you have all helped us hit not only our initial target in less than 4 days but our first stretch goal within 6 days. WOW!! What can I say apart from thank you from the entire team at Torquing Group and every single one of you is making this possible. Your support makes this project work. We spent a lot of time and resources developing the technology but your support allows us to get the volumes up and the prices down to make Zano available and helps us bring the even cooler features to you sooner. Go Kickstarter backers!!!! We are compiling a new video this week to better help explain how production of all your Zano's will work and some other neat stuff. No spoilers here, you will see the video this week. The continued support, suggestions and appreciation we are receiving is honestly very humbling. We have had somewhere in the order of 100 really good suggestions and recommendations, many are things we had never thought of. Thank you. Please keep it up as your input helps refine Zano even further. Hey Jel: Thank you. I really like the idea of a docking station. I'll take this idea away and see if this is something we can make available through the www.flyzano.com site in the new year. The HPC processes requests using industry standard SOAP protocols. As part of the SDK and developer support, there will be ways for developers and users to sign up and make use of the HPC directly through their own code so long as it is related to Zano content. The HPC sits between a multitude of security measures and every user is sandboxed. This means no way of leakage of one users data to another account, it is all part of the architecture we have designed. Yes, Zano has a PDM (Pulse Density Modulation) digital microphone. The propellor noise will be an issue, however we will release in 2015 a functionality update to implement noise cancelling for the microphone so it can be used during flight. Hey Adrian: Snow would not be a problem, even light rain shouldn't cause an issue especially if Zano is flying. During flight, the flow of air over the shell of Zano and through the propellors creates almost an air shield so light rain would be pulled away. Hey Raimas: Thank you, that is a huge compliment. Regarding the camera, the main issue regarding pushing the resolution to 4k is simply digital bandwidth. We have a brand new processor on board Zano, one that wasn't commercially available when we did the Zano designs and though it is very powerful, 4k video at 30fps would use huge digital bandwidth. Now I love a challenge!! So leave that one with me and I'll see if it is an add-on we can offer in the future, simply be a matter of swapping out the camera if we can handle the bandwidth. Stay tuned in 2015! Regarding carbon fibre, its all about volumes. As much as I think that would look so cool, it isn't something on the cards right now. In saying that, Zano will continue to evolve and various add-ons will be available in the future. If the demand is there for it, we will certainly do what we can to accomodate. Hey Ruud: I agree. The display is such a nice piece to work with. You can upload 250 icons into the onboard memory of the display and over 50,000 an be loaded into the main processor. One of my tasks is to do exactly as you say and support scrolling. Left to right, right to left, top to bottom and bottom to top. Thank you for the offer. In the Zano SDK it will have quite a bit of detail on what developers can do with that display as well as icon formats etc. Hey John: The fundamental technical limitation with range is not Zano but the small ceramic antennas used in phones and tablets. With a decent phased array antenna we have controlled our prototype from over 1km away with full video and telemetry. There is a lot of grey areas around legislation for UAV's, and very little legislation around nano UAV's. Also as Zano is autonomous and actually flies itself, your not technically in control. As such, we believe from our research regarding other UAV's we work on, that legislation will start to appear over the coming 12 months that have quite wide impact of UAV's. However, I'm not a legislation expert. If any of our Kickstarter backers know the people writing the legislation for your respective regions, we would very much like to hear from them. What we are trying to do is to ensure that Zano will always be legal for all users. Good idea about a disclaimer and the user accepting the risk if they want to extend the range, this is something I can chat with our legal people about. Thank you, it is fantastic to see so much support. As your a 'local', perhaps when your Zano is ready, we can arrange for you to visit us at our office to take personal hand delivery of your Zano and we can do a demo then. Would that be of interest? Hey Nicholas: Our current production plans has us shipping Zano's in June 2015. We are working with our production partner to formulate this plan working back from our ship date. This allows us to set all the milestones we need to reach to meet this date. We will have more information directly from our partner available to share with you all in the coming weeks. Hey Dazza: Thank you! Hey Mark: You can use the 8*8 RGB display as a torch, not just a flash so if you were flying inside a roof space, you have a built in torch. Does that help? I love the idea's you are all coming up with. Hey David: Definitely. How about TV Aerial inspection? Even check gutters for leaves? Hey Larry: Absolutely. Great idea. Thank you, it is so great to see so many people really seeing the potential for this technology. From a marketing point of view, the ultimate selfie drone is a great way of getting people excited, then to see you all brain-storming new and innovative uses for the technology is absolutely fantastic. Hey James: That would look amazing. I'll take this request to our case manufacturer. I'll let you know if there is anything we can do on this front. Hey Shaun: All pledges £139 and above get two batteries, the main one and now a spare battery. We had so many requests for a spare battery, we simply included it in the rewards to say thank you for the support we have received. Does that help? Hey Manfredo73: Absolutely. iOS, Android, Linux or Windows desktops etc. We will release an Android and iOS app and the SDK will allow developers to build in virtually any environment including linking Zano to a website. That's all for now folks. Have a great Sunday and I'll be back later in the day. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good afternoon, I have seen a few questions about the SDK, I'm excited to share this with you as it really is very exciting technology. Zano listens on TCP port 10000 and will attempt to establish communication using its native binary language whenever a connection attempt is made to this port. The Zano SDK will have libraries that take the hard work out of communicating with Zano, as mentioned previously, these will be in every major programming language from C sharp, Visual Basic, Java, PHP, Objective C, Swift etc. These libraries will expose all the functions and capabilities of Zano from setting waypoints to retrieving video frames to playing back audio through Zano's on board speaker. In answer to the questions, if your on a Raspberry Pi, yes, the SDK will support this. If your coding on a windows variant, yes, the SDK will support this, same with iOS and Android. Simple functions such as 'launch' and to your chosen altitude exist. Eg Launch to 1m. Upon receiving the command, Zano will launch and hold position until you send another command. All the smarts of Zano are built into the firmware so the SDK just has to expose all the functions that are available. As we do capability updates, the SDK will grow to expose those new functions too. Right now, apart from the smart device apps we have, I have a test harness piece of code written in Visual Basic and running on a desktop that uses the SDK to control Zano. It allows us to test functions in the firmware, test the SDK and test the electronics as well as generally have some fun with Zano. From a rapid development point of view, I can easily interrogate Zano, send configuration commands, retune internal PID and filter values as well as control Zano's every move. Does that help? Hey Jens: Yes, Zano has some remarkable capabilities. In the event of a failed motor, Zano can actually reverse the direction of the opposing motor in less than 200ms (fifth of a second). In one of the coming "In The Lab" documentary series we are posting on Kickstarter, I will show this ability amongst some other cool features. Hey Andrew: Thank you. Expected flight time is between 10 and 15 minutes. We have achieved such times with the prototype. Hey Christopher: The format of the photos taken will be JPEG (JPG) and the videos currently are MPG. Other camera that are compatible with the OV5640 we are using are available and do have higher ratings but at a higher cost. Hey VDW: I wouldn't advise flying Zano in the rain. Fog and mist shouldn't be a problem. We have a range extender for our other products that also use WIFI and this will be available via the www.torquinggroup.com website mid 2015. Hey RL: Absolutely. We will ensure quite a few extra battery slots are in both cases. As I write this, we edge closer and closer to our first stretch goal. It is due to all our Kickstarter backers support that this is happening. The number of tweets, likes and shares we are seeing from all corners of the world is fantastic, we genuinely appreciate the support. Thank you. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Hey Dragonbait: Absolutely, it is those sorts of functions we want to work on to make Zano truly remarkable and continue to evolve long after you all receive your Zano. Nano is not just a drone, it is an continuously evolving and developable platform. Good morning everyone, Hey Dennis: Zano has the ability to reverse it's motors from full speed one direction to full speed the other direction is less than 200ms (fifth of a second). It also has a good power to weight ratio and some pretty neat stabilisation algorithms so it well outperforms anything else we have seen of it's size and actually quite a bit larger. An actual gust figure will be published when we test the first production versions. Hey MR: The final dimensions are still be finalised. As we are now supply a spare battery with every Zano, we need to fit this, the limited edition case has space for the Zano Fuel as well as charge cable to Zano can be charged whilst in the case. If you would like a precise figure, I will ask our case manufacturer. Nano uses brushed motors, brushless motors when this small are actually less efficient than coreless brushed motors and assist in making the cost of Zano possible, it isn't just motor efficiency, it is the control electronics that go along with it, total cost of weight and efficiency of the small coreless motors is better at this size for the cost. Hey Ashish: The functionality updates are actually firmware modules so are written to your Zano itself. If you had a tablet and a phone, they could both control the same Zano that has been enhanced with an "In-App Purchase" of a new function. These "In-App Purchases" will also be registered against your account so if you loose your Zano or it is damaged, all extra functionality you have will migrate to your new Zano when you register it. Just like modern iOS and Android phones, your apps follow you. Remember: All Kickstarter backers get 12 months of free "In-App Purchases" for the new functionality we develop. Regarding the timeline, our stretch goals are actually all functionality based. Our goal will be to include the functionality of each stretch goal reached by the time the Zano's are ready to ship. In the event certain functions aren't ready, we can still ship the Zano's and release the functions as "In-App Purchases" as soon as possible which are free to all Kickstarter backers for 12 months. So in answer to your question, no, the stretch goals should not delay the shipping of Zano's, the stretch goals allow us to build the extra functionality much sooner. Hey Dragonbait: Absolutely, it is those sorts of functions we want to work on to make Zano truly remarkable and continue to evolve long after you all receive your Zano. Zano is just a drone, it is an continuously evolving and developable platform. Hey Ron, Hey Shai, The question about range is dependant on the device but please also remember that Zano complies with region by region legislation on the use of UAV's/drones. Technically it is possible to fly Zano over 1km away by using a special antenna however that would not comply with legislation in urban areas in the UK, Australia, USA etc. We want Zano to always be legal and for everyone to be able to use them everywhere so software failsafes and maximum distance from the operator are specified by region. Does that help? We are continuing to get great correspondence all round, thank you to everyone for the thought and effort put into the questions, comments and suggestions. You are all helping to develop Zano. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good evening everyone. Another outstanding day, the continued support is fantastic and we are rapidly approaching our first stretch goal, that means more functionality sooner for all our Kickstarter backers. Thank you. Hey Larry: Thank you and that is really great to hear. I am pleased we have been able to excite others as much as this technology excites us. In answer to your question, Yes, Android and iOS tablets will work just fine for controlling Zano. The app has been built with both phones and tablets in mind. Zano creates its own WIFI network so you simply connect to the Zano WIFI and load the app to start flying your Zano wherever in the world you happen to be. Be it at home or on holiday, Zano can help you record and share those moments. Hey Gavin: Fantastic, the case will protect your Zano and look good too. No need to worry about the queue, we will contact you at the end of the campaign and get your Zano as quickly as we are able. Hey Ben: So long as your phone has GPS signal whilst in the car and you keep your speed down, yes you could set Zano to video you from any angle whilst you drive. Hey Tigertai: Our Zano app is all about close proximity to the operator video and photo. Zano itself can store and handle over 500 compound GPS waypoints. However those functions would have to be accessed through the SDK. Hey Lukas: I'll take your question to our case manufacturer. The case shell itself would already be water resistant, the means by which the clam shell closes would be the question. I will raise this question and see what we can do. I'm signing off for the night, really great questions and suggestions again today. It is great to have so many additional members (all our Kickstarter backers) of the Zano team, we have received some brilliant suggestions both here in the comments section and via email. We will take onboard and implement as many as we can without affecting cost or functionality. Really great support, thank you. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Hi all, I know this isn't my schedule time for responses but a few really good questions I wanted to respond to. Hey Paul: Absolutely. The on screen controls are the way our Zano app works but with the SDK, you can build an interface for a VR headset (I don't want to mention names but there are a few really cool pieces of tech out there that could be easily interfaced for augmented reality projects etc) or an attached phone in a headset like you mentioned. All very possible. Hey Rudy: Yes, the SDK will be available even if we don't reach the stretch goal. It will simply take us longer to release it. The SDK will come in two parts, one will be a library that exposes all the core functionality. This will be available on iOS, Android, Windows etc. The second part will be a prebuilt set of functions added to the raw exposed interface. This would be ideal for connecting Zano to a web server. Hey Abdul: Yes, Zano can be charged from ANY USB source. Hey Holger: Yes, you certainly could use Zano as a streaming camera. When the SDK is released it will have information about configuring Zano to talk to your own WIFI network and how to connect to the video output. Now back to work for me, thanks again everyone. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good afternoon everyone, Hey Qualle: Thank you, I am really pleased that you have joined. What a fantastic community here on Kickstarter. Hey Lukas: Really good comment, thank you. Yes, once you purchase a new function 'In App Purchase' after the 12 months, it is assigned to your account. That means if you loose your phone or Zano, when you register the App or a new Zano to your account, the function will automatically be available. Hey Jens: Not a silly question: We are working on the optimal angle for the camera and suspect 15 degrees down from straight ahead is about ideal. As Zano flies forward, for example following you down hill skiing, Zano would tilt further forward anyway. Have a nice afternoon, Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good Morning All, Thank you to all our well wishes and all our Kickstarter backers. Hey Wolfgang: That is great news, thank you for letting us know. Hey Midhun: That makes sense, thank you for your suggestion. I'll keep you posted on this item if that is ok. Regarding MicroUSB, I'm always happy to clarify a query, the MicroUSB is the connection used to connect Zano to a USB power socket for charging. That USB socket could be the ZANOFuel, wall adapter or USB socket on a computer. All those sources can charge Zano. The batteries use a different connector because they have different requirements. As such, the JST or another plug is a standard on small batteries like this and therefore supports most 1s (single cell) Lithium Polymer battery chargers. We will be providing lots of add-ons in the www.flyzano.com store after the Kickstarter finishes. Does that help? Please say if your confused and send an email to <email> so we can respond with more detail. Hey Sang: Your query about camera angle is actually a conversation we have had internally some months back and it is something we are looking to address. Due to the size of Zano making the camera adjustable even manually may just not be possible, however, we are looking into it as part of the production part design. I'll keep you posted. Hey Evan: In the event of motor failure, absolutely they are replaceable. All spares will be available at www.flyzano.com after the Kickstarter campaign finishes. Hey NX: Great idea and I would love to be able too, however due to the weight of motor, gearbox and lens to make this work, I fear we would simply go over the 60gram limit. It may also make Zano front heavy and possibly affect performance when flown outside in gusty weather. Ok, back to work for me, I have a lot to achieve today, I have to work on getting the production revisions of the flight frame finished so we can get a pre-production sample batch built to check everything before we wind up production. Thanks for all the questions and suggestions. I'll be back later in the day. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Hi All, Time for one quick response. Hey Matt: Thank you, fantastic worldwide support, very humbling. Hey Robert: May I ask you visit www.flyzano.com and send an email with more specifics of what you want to do? How does that sound? Good evening everyone. Ivan @FlyZano WOW, you are all fantastic!!! You have all shown so much support that we have reached our target in less than 4 days. A personal thank you from me and every member of the Torquing Group Team to each and every one of you for showing your support and enthusiasm for our project. May I personally ask that you all keep tweeting and sharing what we are trying to do here. Our ultimate goal is to give you all Zano with every single feature and function we can jam into the tiny little package as soon as possible. With your continued support we are going to make that happen. Have a wonderful evening everyone. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good evening all. Hey JW: The only silly question is the question that wasn't asked. We are always happy to clarify or answer questions or queries. The marketing around Zano is about taking selfies. If you look carefully at the pictures of the App, there is a direction control at the bottom, this allows you to set the direction relative to where the operator is. Yes, you could easily rotate Zano 180 degrees from the operator and use it for videoing sporting events, taking stunning scenic photos etc. The same with the ability to lock onto a target, when the video based image tracking is released, you could select anything that Zano can see and so long as Zano doesn't fly too far from the operator that software fail safes engage, you can video and photograph to your hearts content. On the question about wind. We are going to address this in a 'In the Lab' video update over the coming weeks, however to answer your question, the prototype Zano's have less powerful motors than the production unit. Zano does have the ability to reverse any motor and can do so in less than 200ms (a fifth of a second) and as such can compensate for turbulence remarkably well. Can I quantify an actual wind figure? Not yet simply because everything we have done is with our pre-production units. As the weight of the prototype and the production units are different and the production unit has more powerful motors, there will be significant improvements in the production units ability to fight the weather. Sorry I can not give an actual wind gust figure but at this stage, I don't know. To help with stabilisation is another reason to make use of our HPC (Supercomputer) to post process and stabilise video content. Does that help? Hey Robert: The maximum tested range with a special antenna called a phase array antenna is over 1km. However, Zano has fail safes built into the firmware that restrict the distance from the operator to whatever the local region will allow. Another limiting factor is the antenna in typical smart phones and tablets do restrict the range, as such, to ensure we can offer a consistent and reliable product, we have suggested 10-30 meters depending on regional legislation and the smart device used (Phone or Tablet). Does that help? Have a good evening and I'll pop back on in the morning to answer any questions. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good afternoon, Hey Midhun: The functionality updates are free for 12 months from the time you first configure your Zano. We will look into your request but I can not make promises. Regarding the micro USB, yes that is correct. Zano has a micro usb socket on the left hand side and a built in lipo charger fully integrated into the control electronics. You could charge the spare battery from any 1s lipo charger that supports the standard connector. At this stage we are looking to use JST but the final connector will be a standard one, just not confirmed yet. Hey Abdul: The HPC (Super computer) is a 100 blade dual quad core xeon monster. Let me expand on that, it means each blade has two Xeon CPU's and each CPU has four cores. Each blade has 16GB of local memory and 73GB RAID 15,000rpm drives. All connected to a 15TB fibre channel NAS (Network storage) via multiple multi-gigbit connections. It is very very powerful. We will be using this HPC to batch process photo and video footage from Zano's but only if you choose to submit your content. The batch processing will be able to apply various correction filters and processes to video and photos. You choose what filters and processes you wish. A common one will be video stabilisation. Let me give you an example. You could take a video, upload it and request all through the app that our HPC stabilise the video for you. This should only take a few seconds once our HPC has the content, it may take a little while to upload depending on your internet connection speed. Once processed, your configuration options allow this content along with comments to be posted to any of the standard social network sites. Each user will also have an allocation of local disk space where you can keep and share special content with your friends, family etc. This will be done via the www.flyzano.com site. The functionality of the HPC is something we are working on now so if anyone has comments of requests for functionality, please send them to us now. The ideas and suggestions you, our Kickstarter backers have made to date are brilliant, so keep them coming please. Hey Stefan: Regarding timing. Once this Kickstarter campaign finishes, we will order all the parts to make the Zano's for everyone. We will then do a small production run of 500 to 1000 Zano's to help iron out any assembly issues before we move to the full production run. Our aim is that from the time we start the first small production run to the time the full production has completed should be fairly short so that once we start shipping Zano's, everyone has them as quickly as possible. I hope that helps. That is all for now, once again, thank you to all our Kickstarter backers. We have been working long and hard on Zano and the support we have received is what is really going to make this project. I'll be back later, I'd better stop here and get back to those PCB revisions. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano Good morning all, Again, we want to say thank you to our wonderful backers. Your support makes creating technology like Zano so much fun, a big thank you from everyone here at Torquing Group Ltd. Hey Tigertai: Zano is small, it weighs less than 60 grams and as such, the inertia is small. As such, Zano tends to just bounce rather than crash. Many months back, I was doing some test flying outside our office and to test how tough Zano was, at 15m altitude I simply turned off the motors. Nano tumbled and hit the car park. Now I wouldn't suggest anyone try this, in fact the software fail safes won't allow this to happen. Zano is small and it tumbled, and the impact with the car park outside our office only damaged one propellor. Zano apart from a few scratches was unscathed. On the point of spares, every Zano comes with an entire spare set of propellors. Hey James: In response to your question. The ZANO app will always be free, bug fixes will also be free for Zano, after 12 months, because Zano supports customisation, if we release a function that you want, it will be available as 'In App' purchase. We may release functions you don't want. You only buy the ones you want. These function updates will always be a small cost. From a product point of view, that is how we continue to be profitable. We sell Zano which has a huge amount of technology in it, we provide the HPC facility free of charge and our core business beyond building and selling Zano is adding new functions. Does that make sense? Hey Ben: Thank you, we are very excited. designed and make in the UK. In the event of loss of connection, Zano will automatically fly to the last know position of your smart device (phone or tablet) and wait a short yet to be defined period, if it doesn't re-establish a connection with you, it will automatically land. Hey Tairai: The camera we are currently using is an OV5640 5MP camera, capable of 1080p video at 30fps, this camera is not finalised as part of the production build, the OV5670 is a higher spec camera but it's inclusion will depend on cost at production volumes. Either way, the camera is 5mp and 1080p video. We will start at 720p video and check all the digital on board electronics and as soon as we can push to 1080p and 30fps, we will as mentioned with the stretch goals for MicroSD recording. That is all for now folks. I'll log back on and give you all an update on the production PCB revision progress later in the day. Have a good morning/afternoon/evening (region dependant). Ivan @FlyZano Hey SungLi: That is a really good suggestion. The Zano Black will now have the RGB display at the front on a black PCB. Thank you, Ivan @FlyZano Hi All. Wow, the support is fantastic, thank you to everyone. Hey Kenneth, to answer your question. The Fuel stick is a custom made, branded good quality power stick that meets our quality requirements. The USB cable is indeed detachable and you could use it to charge Zano or any other USB charged device such as Smart phones. It also looks good :-) Hey Carl: We chose WIFI due to its ability to connect many devices and send IP packets over the internet. In the SDK documentation, it will explain how you can make Zano connect to your own WIFI router and then how you can task many Zano's all over your own WIFI network or over the Internet. Zano is not just a one device to one controller, you could with our SDK build augmented reality games, do robotics research, or many other really cool things. Hey Abdul: On the bottom board (flight frame) where the battery sits underneath, there are a series of sensitive analogue filters that take a bit of room on the prototype. The production version has these retuned to relevant values and the filters are simpler, therefore removing just enough components that with some careful shuffling of other high speed digital camera lines, I can squeeze in the MicroSD cradle and power supply. Please bear in mind that Zano can power down to milliwatts so by adding an MicroSD card, we also have to add the ability to completely power down the card so that it doesn't affect Zano's low power sleep mode. Your query about the MicroSD card adding cost to the hardware and why is it a firmware stretch goal is a valid question, let me if I might answer that for you. The MicroSD cradle in production volumes is not expensive, the minor change to the injection moulded case is only a tooling change and production tooling has not yet been finalised. The firmware that is required to support the MicroSD card is more complicated. We have to build the File allocation table handling code, implement relevant timestamps as well as allow the firmware to playback the recorded video or photos through the app so you don't have to remove the MicroSD card to get the content. As such, the challenge is more in the firmware additions than the hardware ones. I think that is all the outstanding queries. I will continue to try and respond as quickly as I am able too in-between working on the production revisions of the PCB's and the Firmware. So If I go quiet for a little while, please know I will respond as soon as I take a break. Kind Regards, Ivan Reedman Hi All, A comprehensive update has just been published. The general gist, An on board MicroSD recording facility will be added to ZANO's hardware. A spare battery will be shipped with every pledge reward over and including £139. A "standard" protective carry case has been added to the rewards list. For more information, head on over to "Updates". Thanks! Reece Hi All. Just a quick comment to let you know we will be posting another update very shortly which we believe will cover most of the requests to date. We are also adding a short video which I think you will find interesting. I won't post any spoilers here as the update we believe is comprehensive. We have had a few enquiries about range. ZANO has been designed to allow us through regional configuration to comply with any new legislation the relevant governing bodies may release. One recurring theme seems to be UAV's must be flown within the operators line of site, not over populated areas, not within certain distances of facilities and factories etc. To allow us to ensure ZANO continues to meet these requirements, which means ZANO will continue to be legal for all users, we need to potentially restrict distance from operator, conditions of flight, safety overrides etc. So technically range can be increased, doing so may cause other issues for our users. As regional legislation changes, we will release automatic configuration changes based on region to ensure ZANO's continue to comply. Hey Joel: No problem, one of your questions is not actually covered by the main campaign. ZANO uses WIFI, it creates a local WIFI Hotspot with your own encryption key for security which you set when you first configure your ZANO. Regarding the operating system, ZANO has its own purpose built operating system entirely written in house in pure Assembly language. This is one way we are able to pack so much into such a small space. Hey Wei: HDR through software is something we may look into later on after launch, with the post processing capabilities we are offering through our dedicated ZANO HPC (Supercomputer), the usual editing, compensation and correction capabilities should all be there so though the raw content may not have the dynamic range adjusted, the post processed version certainly could do. Hey RL! First of all, thanks for your interest in our project ZANO! And my apologies for the delay in reply, we have been inundated with messages, we are trying our best to get to all of them in a timely fashion. Let me now provide some answers to each of your questions below. Please upgrade to HD camera: See FAQ and our update! ZANO will come complete with 5 megapixel HD video camera. What kind of battery will you use (easy find at local shop)? We will be using a 400 mAh standard lipo lithium polymer battery. Yes, it is replaceable. After our Kickstarter campaign is complete, all the spares will be available at the flyzano.com website. Can i add a extra battery to my pledge? Currently we are not offering spares, however, this may change if the demand is there. Need to through the ZANO to charging? Need more clarification on this one? However, I am assuming you mean, do you need to remove the battery from ZANO to charge it? You can do both! ZANO comes complete with a removable battery (For easy interchange and sustained flight time) however, you can charge ZANO's battery whilst it is docked inside of ZANO. Will the ZANO with carry bag for basic protection? Yes, a limited edition carry-case is available upon launch! See our rewards! This project was worse than getting hit in the balls with a large log I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I do not wish to wait any longer for delivery or updates on my product. I want a full refund of my pledge amount as soon as possible. Still invoking your rights boys ? Good luck with that. Loving your optimism :0) I have not received my reward. Please refund. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. omg it has been years and people are still posting that comment? kickstarter doesnt care. drop the site. if you really want something you see on here, just bookmark it and wait for it to be released on ebay. it will be way cheaper and all the bugs will have already been worked out. I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I do not wish to wait any longer for delivery or updates on my product. I want a full refund of my pledge amount as soon as possible. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. As I have not received my reward and declare a refund to be paid in full. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. and, New Terms under <url>"If a creator is unable to complete their project and fulfill rewards, they’ve failed to live up to the basic obligations of this agreement. To make things right, they must make every reasonable effort to find another way of bringing the project to the best possible conclusion for backers. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. As I have not received my reward and declare a refund to be paid in full. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. and, New Terms under <url>"If a creator is unable to complete their project and fulfill rewards, they’ve failed to live up to the basic obligations of this agreement. To make things right, they must make every reasonable effort to find another way of bringing the project to the best possible conclusion for backers. 商品も送られてこない。 返金希望です。 I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I do not wish to wait any longer for delivery or updates on my product. I want a full refund of my pledge amount as soon as possible. I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I do not wish to wait any longer for delivery or updates on my product. I want a full refund of my pledge amount as soon as possible. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. The company went bankrupt five years ago. I don't understand why this project is still visible in Kickstarter. I will never support a kickstarter project anymore. I haven't received any product or refund. Both promised at some point, neither came. I hereby invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I do not wish to wait any longer for delivery or updates on my product. I want a full refund of my pledge amount as soon as possible. I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I do not wish to wait any longer for delivery or updates on my product. I want a full refund of my pledge amount as soon as possible. I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I do not wish to wait any longer for delivery or updates on my product. I want a full refund of my pledge amount as soon as possible. The part that blows my mind is that Kickstarter just keeps on pulling the same crap and zero damn given.. currently fighting a loosing battle with another campaign and all the emails and reporting to Kickstarter are ignored. Kickstarter is a dead platform and a scam at this point in my opinion. I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I do not wish to wait any longer for delivery or updates on my product. I want a full refund of my pledge amount as soon as possible. I say for every project that was been been funded successfully and no rewards has been produced, for a class action lawsuit to happen. Maybe with enough damn lawsuits, things can change and maybe kickstarter will start listening. Love coming back here to see the comments, get over it your money’s gone, move on Please refund ASAP. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I do not wish to wait any longer for delivery or updates on my product. I want a full refund of my pledge amount as soon as possible. Scam Zano credit... "Kickstarter tasked [...] a freelance reporter, to find out why a highly funded crowdfunding campaign for a palm-sized drone flamed out in order to give backers the full story, and provide lessons for itself and others.": <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I wondered if people still post here, lol... I have not received my order after almost 4 years of order and full payment. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a full refund of my pledge amount, including additional ordered resin. I do not wish to wait any longer for delivery or updates on my product. I also want to be contacted in order that my name be added to any class action lawsuit. How is this project tagged “successful”??? ZERO CREDIT!! I have not received my order after almost 4 years of order and full payment. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a full refund of my pledge amount, including additional ordered resin. I do not wish to wait any longer for delivery or updates on my product. I also want to be contacted in order that my name be added to any class action lawsuit. Never receive my order I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Term of Use <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I request a full refund for my pledge amount. I have not received my order after almost 4 years of order and full payment. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a full refund of my pledge amount, including additional ordered resin. I do not wish to wait any longer for delivery or updates on my product. I also want to be contacted in order that my name be added to any class action lawsuit. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Term of Use <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I request a full refund for my pledge amount. Wonder twin powers activate! Form of a Kickstarter refund! I have not received my order after almost 4 years of order and full payment. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a full refund of my pledge amount, including additional ordered resin. I do not wish to wait any longer for delivery or updates on my product. I also want to be contacted in order that my name be added to any class action lawsuit. REFUND Kickstarter! It's in your terms of service that everyone else is posting. REFUND REFUND REFUND. People are STILL posting this "invoke" thing? After all this time? Is it a case of monkey see monkey do or just for fun? Why do people repost this "I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use..." text? It won't change anything. REFUND Kickstarter! It's in your terms of service that everyone else is posting. REFUND REFUND REFUND. I’m still pissed of by this. I stopped using Kickstarter because of this project and will now only back projects that have already successfully fulfilled at least one project. So you ruined things for a lot of other people that are Ying this platform. Hope you die or go to jail. REFUND Kickstarter! It's in your terms of service that everyone else is posting. REFUND REFUND REFUND. I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I do not wish to wait any longer for delivery or updates on my product. I want a full refund of my pledge amount as soon as possible. I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I do not wish to wait any longer for delivery or updates on my product. I want a full refund of my pledge amount as soon as possible. I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I do not wish to wait any longer for delivery or updates on my product. I want a full refund of my pledge amount as soon as possible. I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I do not wish to wait any longer for delivery or updates on my product. I want a full refund of my pledge amount as soon as possible. I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I do not wish to wait any longer for delivery or updates on my product. I want a full refund of my pledge amount as soon as possible. I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I do not wish to wait any longer for delivery or updates on my product. I want a full refund of my pledge amount as soon as possible. I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I do not wish to wait any longer for delivery or updates on my product. I want a full refund of my pledge amount as soon as possible. I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I do not wish to wait any longer for delivery or updates on my product. I want a full refund of my pledge amount as soon as possible. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Term of Use <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I am formerly requesting a full refund of my pledged amount immediately. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Term of Use <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I am formerly requesting a full refund of my pledged amount immediately. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Term of Use <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I request a full refund for my pledge amount. I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I do not wish to wait any longer for delivery or updates on my product. I want a full refund of my pledge amount as soon as possible. I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I do not wish to wait any longer for delivery or updates on my product. I want a full refund of my pledge amount as soon as possible. I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I do not wish to wait any longer for delivery or updates on my product. I want a full refund of my pledge amount as soon as possible. That the project who make me stop funding on KICKSTARTER , and gave the "bad press" they deserve .. lot off other alternative around ;) I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I do not wish to wait any longer for delivery or updates on my product. I want a full refund of my pledge amount as soon as possible. what is the point in invoking your rights, they went bust, there. is no money!!!! I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I do not wish to wait any longer for delivery or updates on my product. I want a full refund of my pledge amount as soon as possible. I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I do not wish to wait any longer for delivery or updates on my product. I want a full refund of my pledge amount as soon as possible. I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I do not wish to wait any longer for delivery or updates on my product. I want a full refund of my pledge amount as soon as possible. I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I do not wish to wait any longer for delivery or updates on my product. I want a full refund of my pledge amount as soon as possible I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I do not wish to wait any longer for delivery or updates on my product. I want a full refund of my pledge amount as soon as possible. have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my for have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I do not wish to wait any longer for delivery or updates on my product. I want a full refund of my pledge amount as soon as possible. I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I do not wish to wait any longer for delivery or updates on my product. I want a full refund of my pledge amount as soon as possible. I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I do not wish to wait any longer for delivery or updates on my product. I want a full refund of my pledge amount as soon as possible. I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I do not wish to wait any longer for delivery or updates on my product. I want a full refund of my pledge amount as soon as possible. I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I do not wish to wait any longer for delivery or updates on my product. I want a full refund of my pledge amount as soon as possible. I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I do not wish to wait any longer for delivery or updates on my product. I want a full refund of my pledge amount as soon as possible. I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I have not received my order. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." This is my formal request for a refund of my pledge amount. I do not wish to wait any longer for delivery or updates on my product. I want a full refund of my pledge amount as soon as possible. As I have not received my reward and request a refund to be paid in full. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Thieving bastards As I have not received my reward and request a refund to be paid in full. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I love coming back here to see the comments :0) I invoke my rights to say: Happy New Year everybody! As I have not received my reward and request a refund to be paid in full. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. hopefully this copy and paste will get thorough to everyone posting that "invoke" nonsense. kickstarter isnt refunding anything. this site is garbage. stop using kickstarter kickstarter isnt refunding anything. this site is garbage. stop using kickstarter kickstarter isnt refunding anything. this site is garbage. stop using kickstarter kickstarter isnt refunding anything. this site is garbage. stop using kickstarter kickstarter isnt refunding anything. this site is garbage. stop using kickstarter kickstarter isnt refunding anything. this site is garbage. stop using kickstarter kickstarter isnt refunding anything. this site is garbage. stop using kickstarter kickstarter isnt refunding anything. this site is garbage. stop using kickstarter kickstarter isnt refunding anything. this site is garbage. stop using kickstarter kickstarter isnt refunding anything. this site is garbage. stop using kickstarter kickstarter isnt refunding anything. this site is garbage. stop using kickstarter kickstarter isnt refunding anything. this site is garbage. stop using kickstarter As I have not received my reward and request a refund to be paid in full. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I have also never received reward. Never received! No problem fraud in this site? Where is your responsibility Kickstarter? You stand with and support them. As I have not received my reward and request a refund to be paid in full. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. As I have not received my reward and request a refund to be paid in full. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. As I have not received my reward and request a refund to be paid in full. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I request a full refund for my pre-order because Project Creators CANNOT fulfill rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns. I need my money back. I need my money back. I need my money back. 🖕 Just a reminder I'm in that same boat, also waiting for Clearview. In the mean time have bought two Mavic Airs and yesterday fitted the Master Airscrews and what a difference to the sound. As I have not received my reward and declare a refund to be paid in full. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. and, New Terms under <url>"If a creator is unable to complete their project and fulfill rewards, they’ve failed to live up to the basic obligations of this agreement. To make things right, they must make every reasonable effort to find another way of bringing the project to the best possible conclusion for backers." I invoke Devil to haunt this lier forever!!! wait people are still messaging here?? you guys not see the news the company went under and the owners went into hiding, sadly kickstarter wont refund anything because this site is a joke.... why are people typing the same thing still. kickstarter already said they will not be refunding anyone. kickstarter doesn't take or enforce responsibility when a project violates its own terms and takes off with your money. stop supporting kickstarters. Well that company went out of business. According to Kickstarter TOS, they must refund all backers if projects failed. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I haven't received my product yet. I invoke my personal rights under The Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to scam on all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns to any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand the creator drink beer for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I request a full refund for my pre-order because Project Creators CANNOT fulfill rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns. Yeah me too.... Come on Kickstarter - MAN UP ! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I request a full refund for my pre-order because Project Creators CANNOT fulfill rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount People still invoking their rights on here? :0) :0) :0) Get over it!! I funded this ZANO, which could have gone to the cost of getting a Mavic Air. Then my other KS that I'm still waiting for is the Clearview cycle mirror. How long can that take to design make and ship?​ So no sponsorship done since then. Any shipping updates yet? I'm eagerly awaiting my Zano drone... I reserve the right to cease backing Kickstarter projects, as I am unwilling to be RIPPED OFF again (and again and again). I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I request a full refund for my pre-order because Project Creators CANNOT fulfill rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Lool really guys??? They have gone out of biz years ago. There is no refund. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Backer# 2409 I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Backer# 7245 I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Backer: 195 This user's account has been deleted. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I request a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I request a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I request a full refund for my pledge amount I have received my refund for my Zano pre-order. It is a GBP 5.72 cheque from the liquidator Gary Stones. The refund is 3.84% of my GBP 149 pre-order in the Zano web shop. As I wrote in my comment some weeks ago, Kickstarter backers will not receive any kind of refund. The letter from Gary Stones also states "There will be no further distribution available to unsecured creditors following this first and final dividend". In other words: There is no money left for more refunds after this. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I request a full refund for my pledge amount Oh, yes, nice...! So I were right to just ignore the letter, and to not loose one whole day trying to find back those bills & co, just to get noticed that KS backers won't get anything, anyway... So it was really worth the wait...pfffff! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I request a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I request a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I request a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount Doubt that’ll do anything ffs. Kickstarter has made a ton of $ off me, yet they still let me get ripped off? See how sustainable that is. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount The Liquidator Stones & Co told me the following in an email a couple of days ago: "On the Court ordered on 11/1/2017 that the pledges of Kickstarter crowdfunding backers do not constitute provable debts as creditors in the liquidation." This means that kickstarter backers will NOT receive a refund from the liquidation of Torquing Robotics. Customers who pre-ordered a Zano in the webshop, however WILL receive a refund. I guess that that the refund will only be partial, but I do not know. I pledged for two Zano, and pre-ordered one Zano. I expect to receive a refund for the single pre-order Zano. The refund should be payed within a couple of months. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount Backers, this has failed, gone to court, and is dead. Your request are meaningless at this point, so why do you persist? I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I’ve not received a letter, but did contact them back when it all failed. Is there a contact email to follow it up? Yes, I too received a letter from Stones yesterday. It looks like we can have a refund now. I do not expect a full refund, but a partial refund would be great. I need to supply proof of dept. I think that I can click the "View pledge" button in Kickstarter, and print the resulting web page. That should be proof of dept. Anyone else received an letter from Gary Stones this month...? Sounds like I could get some refund...but have to proof my invest. Hmmm, that's a long time ago, not sure I'll find it. On the other hand, I'm over it, the money I've lost here, I already gain it meanwhile, I'm not sure if it's worth the hassle... Yes, I lost money, but learned a precious lesson. So, after 5 years, I'm now over it... I'm confused, why should Amex refund you for a poor investment choice on your part. Do they offer the same for when you buy stocks or Cryptocurrency that crashes? I think I might have to switch all my business to Amex.. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount Refund copypasta... 🖕🏽 I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's ... ... Hmmm. Let me think. The company no longer exists. So it is useless to write about my rights here. But if anyone has some more information about the liquidation of Torquing Group, I would love to read about it here. You can demand what you want, the company no longer exists. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I hereby demand a full refund for my pledge amount due to your inability to deliver on any promise, or goods delivered. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I have not received my reward. Please refund. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Invoke all you want, they went bankrupt in England and were released from their debts. I have found this on the web: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I got money back through Amex soooo any out there I’m sure enough pressure Amex will file something nice and big against kick starter and their lack of vetting for these project. All Kickstarter cares about is money they got their share maybe they can send ppl whatever that was divided by the amount of backers. We the people don’t owe any scamsters any of our hard earned money. Get a life, they gone bust, nothing else you can do. You wont get a penny. They tried and failed, thats the risk you take. Like it or lump it I have not received my reward. Please refund. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I have NOT received my backed Products yet! I invoke ALL my rights as stated under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount before 2019. I have not received my reward. Please refund. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I hereby demand a full refund for my pledge amount due to your inability to deliver on any promise, or goods delivered. This user's account has been deleted. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I hereby demand a full refund for my pledge amount due to your inability to deliver on any promise, or goods delivered. Good to see Ivan in a job probably earning more than most of us on here, I've found him on LinkedIn! Nothing will be done to get backers money back. This project has definitely made me more cautious, but it's still the only Kickstarter I've backed that HASN'T been delivered. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I hereby demand a full refund for my pledge amount due to your inability to deliver on any promise, or goods delivered. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I hereby demand a full refund for my pledge amount due to your inability to deliver on any promise, or goods delivered. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I hereby demand a full refund for my pledge amount due to your inability to deliver on any promise, or goods delivered. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I hereby demand a full refund for my pledge amount due to your inability to deliver on any promise, or goods delivered. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I hereby demand a full refund for my pledge amount due to your inability to deliver on any promise, or goods delivered. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I hereby demand a full refund for my pledge amount due to your inability to deliver on any promise, or goods delivered. This user's account has been deleted. Backer 4815. and I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I hereby demand a full refund for my pledge amount due to your inability to deliver on any promise, or goods delivered. Still incredibly ANGRY about this project. What a bunch of asshole scammers. This user's account has been deleted. Just calling in to tell Ivan Reedman and his team they are still scamming **** 👍 Kickstarter lists this project as “Successful”. On what planet does stealing money based on fraudulent claims and not delivering constitute success? Fraud... i pledge this project in 2015. Didnt get anything !! never back kickstarter projects, this project is proof positive that kickstarters "terms of service" is bull. they have no protections for backers at all, heck there was a project a while ago where the project took the money and spent it on a house. Kickstarter didnt lift a finger. if you are reading this, dont post a stupid post about agreements that will not be honored. simply take your money else where. i mean for god sakes kickstarter believes that the backers of zano should have been prepared for a company out right lying. not reaching short of their goals, out right lying! the creators of this product lied about their knowledge, their production, their prototypes, everything. yet i should have known? I understand investing of money, catch is in actual investment their are actions to take against the company. here there was nothing and the company we expected to take action did nothing as journalist told us it was our fault. so be done with this site. if you see something you really want, book mark it and wait for ebay or for the product to actually come out. looking at these kickstarters they end up releasing for the same price as their "early backer" rewards, sometimes less. plus your going to get the product at roughly the same time as a backer. There is literally no reason to use kickstarter. the only reason im still here is because there are products i backed in like 2012 that i havent gotten word on. be done with this site. i implore you. Kickstarter should liable for the scammers. With no accountability or consequences of course it's a breeding ground for scammers Fucking fraud Kickstarter be honest and stop letting b people get ripped off Hold people accountable Too many scams Refund me - rip off Kickstarter is a scam too often Don't be sucked in I am Backer #9417 and I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I hereby demand a full refund for my pledge amount due to your inability to deliver on any promise, or goods delivered. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter tends of use <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Haven't received my backed Products yet! I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. I dont bother with technology or other too good to be true projects on kickstarter I use if for comics now mainly... I mean heck i got scammed for granite drinking cups of all things... Kickstarter makes me sick, all you need to do is check out "most funded" tab and look through comments of some of them Stuff kickstarter lol This user's account has been deleted. So it's back under a new Company - <url>����� Just received my ZANO yesterday, turns out someone had just shit in a bag and mailed it to me. Darn A drone with face recognition: <url>’ll deliver in time for Xmas? Tired of waiting! I cannot believe all the morons on here publishing their email addresses and asking for a refund letter. All you are going to get, guys, is a bucket load of spam - Enjoy! ^*^@#*&! this scam really pissed me off and still pissing me off. I hope they die a slow horrible death. I think Kickstarter should be made liable for our losses wow, the creator logged in 10/25/2017 - what's up scammer? OMG - stop asking for a refund letter - write it yourself! How lazy are you guys? Looks like a group of developers are hacking Zano and trying to make it fly again www.zano.camera Wasted and lost 250$ for something i'll never get... Kickstarter associated to Zano are only thieves !! I can believe they got 2.3 milions pounds and thats it.... they have to go to jail... Phil have you been on the moon? Lol read comments Anyone know when we’ll be receiving our rewards? This is taking forever! sad the developers have no morals... they will pay later in life Refund ! Please Ohh ! SHIT ‼️ I lost my money too ! scam � Stop asking for a refund letter! DOES NOT EXIST!!! Go to your bank to dispute it. Period. I lost my money on this SCAM! Please send me refund letter <email> Please send my money back. Thief... Please send refund letter to <email> Please send refund letter to <email> Does anyone know anything about the guys who ran this? Their current whereabouts, who they work for now etc? Please send refund letter to <email> Please send refund letter to <email> Please send me refund letter <email> send refund letter to <email>!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Give me my money!!!! send refund letter to <email> send refund letter to <email> send refund letter to <email> Please send refund letter to <email> Please send refund letter to <email> Please send the letter to <email> . BTW, after being burned 3x to the tune of several $100 I no longer support any Kickstarter's. Way too often the creator either over promises on a item which doesn't live up to its billing, or does not deliver, and KS's attitude is basically tough luck. Hopefully, others have taken the same attitude and KS is learning that poor customer support will lose them customers. Please send refund letter to <email> Guys asking for a refund letter - send it yourself, but its too late. I did it later than I thought, but still got a refund - had you done it months ago, maybe. But stop asking - just write a letter about the situation and send it to your credit card/bank- all you can do now is ask, but i would assume its gone. Please send refund letter to <email> Thieves I am really sorry to tell you guys it's all over. The company was closed down by the Receiver last year and no one got a brass cent back from these scammers. We all lost everything we paid these bastards and as it took so long for them to 'fail' that the credit card companies r.refused to pay us back / refund. You are now literally waiting for the impossible to happen so you are better to get on an enjoy your summer and forget about these wankers. Tip - do some reading and then Invest some cash in a good crypto token/coin and you stand a better chance of making back what you lost on zano in less than a month. Please send refund letter to <email> please refund to <email> Please send me refund letter <email> ZANO was the strongest fraud project in the history of kickstarter. I would like a refund for two cars if it comes true. Please send refund letter to: <email> Please send refund letter to: <email> I paid for 3 drones. What I got was an education in KS's integrity; an expensive education. At least when you "play" the shell game or three card monte you see some slight of hand magic(?). With scam KS projects, you get wholesale quantities of BS--followed by silence. Please send refund letter to: <email> Oh and thanks for nothing kickstarter Goodluck with that other "gravity blanket" scam up an coming Im sure you wont say no to that 4 million coming in, despite the obvious scam its gonna be *clears throat* Eat a dicc zano!! Thats my bi monthly appearance Cya in 6 months you jerks How do i get a refund? I would really like my money back from this scam How do i get a refund? I would really like my money back from this scam. Can someone please send me a copy of the refund letter : <email> Please send the refund letter to <email> Please send the refund letter to <email> Please send refund letter to: <email> Please send the refund letter to <email>. Thanks. Please send the refund letter to <email> Please send the refund letter to <email> Please send the refund letter to <email> Please send me the refund letter to <email> Can someone please send me a copy of the refund letter <email> Some of us pre ordered various extras, including a second ZANO (GITD) via their webstore. Holy shit are people still here? Forget it guys Please send me the refund letter to <email> Please send me the refund letter to <email> Please send me the refund letter to markus@familie-harms.de Please send me the refund letter to <email> Please send me refund letter <email> Please send me refund letter to: <email> . . . Has anyone actually got a refund from this? Please send me refund letter <email> Please send me the refund letter to <email> Please send me the refund letter to <email> please send the refund letter to <email> ty Please send refund letter to <email> Please send refund letter to me. <email> Pls send me refund letter <email> Thank you please send me a refund letter <email> Please send me a refund letter <email> Please send refund letter to <email> Please send me the refund letter also: <email> Thank you in advance Please send refund letter to <email> Please send me a refund letter <email> Please send me refund letter <email> Please, send me copy of refund letter: <email> Please send me a refund amirschwa@@gmail.com Please send me a copy of refund letter <email> Please send a copy of the refund letter to me (@<email>) too thanks. Pls send refund letter <email> Please send me refund letter. <email> Please send me a copy of the refund letter to <email> Thanks!! please send me the letter - <email> Did any of you guys received the letter? to your mail And got refund from your bank? Please send refund letter to <email> <email>，I want the refund letter. I want refund letter too <email> please send me refund letter . <email> Did any of you guys received the letter? And got refund from your bank? Please send me a copy of the refund letter to <email> Thanks!! Please send me a copy of the refund letter to <email> Thanks!! I would like a refund too Please send me refund letter to <email> please send me the refund letter. <email> Please send me the refund letter. <email> please send me refund letter <email> @Hammer. I have backed TIko too. I support and agree your comment for Kickstarter. please send me refund letter! <email> Please send refund letter <email> I stopped backing projects after Zano went bust. Unfortunately, I had already backed the Tiko printer which has just announced it too has gone bust. I feel like kickstarter is the perfect forum for theft/fraud as there seems to be zero accountability. Especially since Kickstarter themselves will "pick" projects that they recommend but when they go bust they make it a point to note that it is our fault for trusting the campaign creator and product that kickstarter recommended. please send me refund letter <email> please send me refund letter <email> Please send me the refund letter. <email> Thanks! Fucking bastard zano and kickstarter Please send me a copy of the refund letter to <email> Thanks!! Ill take my comments back, recce is not involved With the firm at the adress below. Talked to them to night Yep evryone should give him a hard time on facebook( adress below) I have also received the letter from Gary Stones. I read that there are 4158 non-referral unsecured creditors, with estimated debts GBP 954 241. Stones has received claims from 121 of these, totaling GBP 489 882. I wonder, who are these creditors? Could there be Kickstarter backers in this group? If not, it seems to me that Kickstarter backers just have to wait for further information. Gentlepeople, Kickstarter as a company is more inherently loyal to creators than to backers. It's not in their interests to push too hard. The arc of greed is long, but bends toward corruption and victoriously, self-dissolution. What I understand, but those British expressions are a little confuse to me, since English isn't my Mother-tongue... But what I think I've read, is that they (the court) needs another year to clarify the Crowdfunding peoples position (will we get some money back or not). So it looks like we're off for another year until we get some clear response about this... They wrote something about Paypal, which I didn't use, and the 180 days to claim you money back...but I didn't fully understand what's up there (as I said, that's British legislation slang to me). If anyone who's got some experience in this domain could decode what's written exactly in that letter (it's online, you need a password which is in the letter I've received per post). Thanks! Anyone else received an letter from Gary Stones this month...? Who do you expect to get your money back from? The company disappeared from the face of the Earth a year ago. There is nobody left to pay you any money, or refund anything. Unfortunately that's the risk we take sometimes. Please, send me copy of refund letter !!! <email> Please, send me copy of refund letter <email> Please send me a copy of the refund letter to <email> Please send me a copy of the refund letter to <email> Please send me a refund letter! <email> Call your bank or write your own! Please send me a refund letter! <email> Thanks Please send me of refund letter to <email> Please send me a copy of the refund letter to <email> Please, send me copy of refund letter <email> this is my correct one. on my last comment was typo error Please, send me copy of refund letter <email> Please, send me copy of refund letter <email> Please, send me copy of refund letter <email> Please send me a copy of the refund letter to <email> <email> Hey Mike, it's not a store, it it's also not a site to support fraud, not sure the point of your comment @julian, yes my bank, guess I'm persuasive! Please send me a copy of the refund letter to <email> Thanks!! Please send me a copy of the refund letter to <email> thanks! please send me a copy of the refund letter to <email> Please send me a copy of the refund letter to <email> Thanks!! Please send me a copy of the refund letter to <email> Thanks!! This user's account has been deleted. Oh Wow this is STILL going on ? Kickstarter is an investment with risks.. you risked money to get something innovative and hopefully cheaper and before anyone else. Kickstarter is NOT a store. Please send me a copy of the refund letter to <email> Since nothing will be delivered, I hope to get my money back as earlier as possible. Where is my refund? Can I have a copy of the refund letter <email>. Hijos de puta!!! 金返せ金返せ金返せ。 F the creator and F the kickstarer May I know my refund ? How Can I get back my money ‼️� @Brad Who have paid you? Kickstarter is not paying (why should they, see term: "Kickstarter does not guarantee projects or investigate a creator's ability to complete their project.") Zano is is liquidation, so they are not paying back (at least not little backers, usually money goes to supplies or banks first) Your bank maybe if they are stupid "Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." this is true but one line after is says: "Project Creators may cancel or refund a Backer’s pledge at any time and for any reason, and if they do so, are not required to fulfill the reward." <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." WHERE ARE THE REFUNDS? @Brad Dancer, can I have your refund letter? please mail to <email> Hey Julian, I got a refund, lol is on you.just have to be persistent Reece Crowther I hope your having sleepless nights knowing you ripped us all off BASTARD People still think they can get a refund. [ ] you know what Kickstarter is about [ ] you read about the risks [x] you think Kickstarter is an online shop *lol* Crowdfunding Theft Case #3 I've signed the petition. What's going to happen next? Is there a group forum set up to follow through? Who's in ?? So we have the guys name & we know where he is .. yes ?? so time to make a plan & give this prick a visit Reece Crowther...............(not that he's reading this)..........what you did here will follow you..... The police and Trading Standards are following you too. I do hope that taking all our money becomes a more expensive mistake for you than pledging money for your project was for me. I stopped pledging for new KS projects after this one went south. Unfortunately a company I do trust is about to add a new project here........I may try and see if I can support them directly rather than give KS any new money............ @Christof Kinet Great job, everyone please report to facebook about the page created by Reece Crowther. <url>"letter"? <url>"generic form" to submit a dispute for a refund. I did not follow up. Received two letter from the bank. One acknowledging the dispute, the other issuing the refund. For reference this was from within Australia. Cheers, Evan Please also send me a copy of the refund letter to <email> Please also send me a copy of the refund letter to <email> Kick starter needs a prescreen process similar to the Apple app store. They check that the item your going to place on there site meets certain criteria. Maybe add another menu item above that has up front questions that can be voted on for answers, and make the column open to all prior to project launch. That way some good questions get asked and answered BEFORE they steal money and walk away. The part of the web site could be open before launch and closed at launch. It's always good to hear from people that know some of the pitfalls of certain projects and answering something up front lets everyone know where the project really stands. The questions can be ranked by votes and if enough people vote for a question then it can become a must answer by the creators. The answers can also be voted on as acceptable or not and project launch can be controlled by making sure all mandatory questions are answered before the project can be launched. Making the creators pay a small fee for the project being listed on Kickstarter means they take it seriously especially if they forfeit the fee if the project does not launch due to un answered questions. Come on Kickstarter puts some checks up front and use the knowledge base that is in the backer community. Ive seen some really smart questions coming out of the backers, and if I had seen the question up front I may have thought twice about backing a project. Please also send me a copy of the refund letter to <email> Please send me a copy of the refund letter to <email> I'm shocked people are still demanding their money back. You did not buy a product, you invested in an idea. I was really upset about it as well when it turned so scammy, but it's no different than the early days of corporate investors. Sometimes you got an expected return, sometimes you lost all you put in. At that time there weren't any laws in place to protect individuals from swindlers. If you give money on Kickstarter, don't ever give more than you can afford to have walk away. Nobody who can help you reads this comment board. Nobody responsible is close enough to strangle. I lost money too and am pissed that they didn't stop while there was money left and had the audacity to take a paycheck. We spend money on shit Refund It seems that i am gonna create a new project and steal peoples money throw this App. We want our money back. Its kickstarter problem .. They must give our money back Hey Kickstarter, I just wanted to say that I got your message loud and clear from the investigation that took place. The moral of the story was that we are not smart enough to spot fraud when using your services. You are not advanced enough or involved enough to protect us from fraud. When we pledge money for any campaigns then it is our own fault that we fell for the lies that this product was developed and just needed money to order parts/materials. So I just wanted to congratulate you on setting the record straight, since I and many others no longer back projects. I am guessing that the perpetual loss of future revenue has gone unnoticed. please send to me a copy of the refund letter : <email> thank you Are the Zano jokers in jail yet? send to me please the refund letter <email> Refund ! Refund ! Refund ! Refund ! Refund ! Refund ! Refund ! Refund ! Refund ! Refund ! Refund ! Refund ! Refund ! Refund ! Refund ! Refund ! Refund ! Refund ! LinkedIn: Reece Crowther added a new skill: Business Strategy !!! Could someone please forward a copy of the letter to me at <email> Please send me a copy of the refund letter to <email> Do not be lazy by sending a generic "refund letter" then sit back waiting for a refund. The person who receive the letter will give all sorts of excuse for not opening a case for you. Check with your bank, find out the proper dispute procedure and follow it. I filled out the dispute form from the bank and submitted it with supporting documents, I called the bank to follow up. They claimed they have not received it so I sent them a copy again, and kept calling/emailing their support department to make sure they actually opened a case for me. It took me several months and I was refunded at the end. KS and TGL of course will refuse all refund requests, I also received the standard email from KS saying backers are not entitled to refund if project fails blah blah blah, but still, I had my money back plus interest. It is your bank which makes the final decision, not KS and TGL. Me too. Used the "refund letter" and after a few weeks my bank told me that KS and the TGL rejected the refund - so no money for me ... hope the People behind this can sleep well :-( Attention everyone asking for a "refund letter".... call your credit card, open a dispute and tell them "product not received". Walla! That's it folks, you're welcome Please send me a copy of the refund letter to <email> Had a letter from my bank today rejecting my claim for a refund. That's the end of my hope of getting the money conned out of me back. Please send me a copy of the refund letter to <email>. Please send copy to <email> Thank you 大家下载这个文档，<url>然后交给你的银行申请退款，能不能退就不一定了 Please send me a copy of the refund letter to <email> For those who missed the link by Alexander... <url>"Please" send a copy of the refund letter to <email> Please send me a copy of the refund letter to <email> Please send me a copy of the refund letter to <email> Please send me a copy for refund to <email> Please send me a copy of the refund letter to <email> This user's account has been deleted. How to process the refund, please email to <email> Please send me a copy of the refund letter to <email> Please send me a copy of the refund letter to <email> Please send me a copy of the refund letter to <email> Could you please send me a copy of refund to <email> I've posted several times for a refund letter/form and have not had any response. Good luck on requesting one!!!! I think we are basicly being told to go funk ourselfs, people repeatedly saying refund now is sadly not going to make any difference, you might as well be saying rama lama ding **** princess gonswayla banana hammock. Kickstarter have made their cut and sadly thats clearly all they care about Please refund !!!! Refund now !!!!!'!!!!!!!! <url>有會中文的人能分享退款成功的經驗嗎 感謝! i think we may be witnessing the fall of kickstarter. paypal already announced that they will no longer be protecting from crowd funding projects. the only way you can get protection is probably through their pre-order system. and just like that a good idea dies, good job kickstarter!!!! but keep saying your not a store, it completely clears you of responsibility!!! <3 Anyone with luck in refund in Singapore? Can kindly share how you do it? anyone have luck getting a refund from American Express? they are claiming the charge is too old and is no longer in their system, so they can't open a claim. Hello guys got my refund the previous week, thanks to my bank Peiraius bank here in Greece, the employe explaint to me that it depents from the one that will handle the case from tha bank and how much they gonna do for found a solution and get you a refund, so what you can do is make everything possible to get a refund and don't let it without doing what is possible, i will tell again that the first time i open the case to my bank they sayed that due to VISA it wasn't possible, but after i got the letter i open again a case and they claim to the bank of Torquing Group Ltd that didn't reply after a month so i got my refund. NAB Visa Australia finally reversed the Zano transaction and paid me interest after 5 months I lodged the dispute request. The interest I received is about 25% of what I have paid. Not bad consider I paid only 16 months ago. So if any backers are still waiting for a refund, do not give up. Make sure you give your bank a call after submitting your dispute form. It took me several calls/emails, a mail and a fax before they found my request form and started processing it. Tell your credit card company Zano kept changing their delivery schedule, send them the schedules and the liquidation updates as supporting documents. Tell them the final delivery date you supposed to receive your Zano. Three weeks ago, I asked NAB helpline if there was a problem since I paid over a year ago and promised a delivery on February 2016, I was told not to worry about it. So, if your bank told you the 60/120/180 days dispute period starts from the date of transaction, it is not true. Good luck fellow backers, hope all of you will get your money back. Please send me a copy of the refund letter to <email> Hey guys, someone uploaded the refund letter for ease of use - here it is: <url>£199. I say 'lost', but it was all but stolen. I haven't pledged to a single project since this went down. The few projects I've still got running (and various updates from previous projects) are the only reason I come on here now. I've reported it to the police and have a crime number as 'fraud'. The police have linked up with Trading Standards, so you never know.......... KS didn't give a crap and their 'terms of service' are obviously not legally binding on anybody, so not worth the time reading them. If they'd have been legally binding then KS would have sued/retrieved the money from the project; they didn't. That's how much KS cared........ Please send me a copy of the refund letter to <email> When is the refunds coming since no products was sent Fuck you Kickstarter !!! We buy are Drone Name ZANO from your Website it's almost 2 years we are waiting and keep on waiting !!! in the end nothing we receive !! Kickstarter try to push away responsibility all to ZANO !!!! Hey Fuck your Mother , U know What? Kickstarter did't earn any sen from us ? Kickstarter Better fucking refund my money !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Hey you mother Fucker !!!! Where the fuck is my drone !!! where the fuck is my money !!!!! Disregard; I just came across the link to the letter in an earlier comment. For all those looking for it, just keep scrolling down . If possible, could someone who has a copy of the refund letter forward it to me? <email> When will i get my refund? Is there anyone from Germany who manage to get the money back? we have all lost our money and it is highly unlikely at this late stage that you will be able to get anything from your Bank, sorry to be the bearer of bad news but that is the reality. My bank in UK already told me that I was out of time to claim and I lodged my claim months ago. Zano is another bump in the Kickstarter road and we all have to learn from it - do not support any project, however good it seems in the video if you are not prepared to loose everything you put in. That IS the bottom line. I have not pledged on another item now that all of my earlier pledges have either finished, delivered or crashed and burnt. Please refund my money. <email> @Cill may I have a copy of the letter too <email> Thanks please send a copy to <email> thank you what happen?why did every requesting a refund???? Please send me a copy of the refund letter to <email> Please send me a copy of refund letter, <email> Could you please send me a copy of the refund request letter too, @Cill? Thank you. <email> Hey @Cill can you send me the letter please ?? <email> Tacking those f$&@krs down... They'll pay soon enough... Please refund my money. <email> Please sent me a copy of the letter, thanks. <email> We want our money back !!!!!! @Cill please send me a copy if the letter <email> Refund now @Cill could you send me a copy to <email>? How can I get my refund? How can I get my refund? Please send copy Ken Chan new email <email> Thanks a lot. Can someone talk me me through how to get a refund? @cill could you send me that letter too? emai : <email> Just off the phone with capital one CC in the USA. I got my money refunded AND the 88$ finance charge I had built up!! "Product not received", do exactly what they are saying on here. Maybe when enough people get their money back kickstarter will actually DO SOMETHING!!! PS f#$% you zano scumbags!!!!! I got refund from wellsFargo visa. thank you to Cill. also thank you to Kickstarter for the lesson! Looks like there is now a bigger Kickstarter fraud with coolest cooler. Hmmm So if I have a time limit on my card for filing a claim I am screwed.... From Kickstarter's terms of service: "Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." WHERE ARE THE REFUNDS? My wish for Kickstarter..... ... STOP SHOWING THIS AS FUNDED!!! I have not received a product and have not been reimbursed my money that was stolen!!! $300.00! Biggest fraud on Kickstarter. Please send copy Eric Chan new email <email> Thanks a lot. Any Brazil refund? @Cill may I have a copy of the letter too <email> Thanks Pick everybodys money and never come back to an update! This is like stealing! Should be in prison! Kickstarters do nothing! I cannot see that we did actually buy a product from kickstarter, but I did buy addons via paypal but they a not willing to give me the money back because they "lost" my request for refund during the 180 days. beginning to think they are as bad as Torquing. I do consider that the videos seem to be a fraud. I have had one other kickstarter which produced nothing, and two which only half delivered. Has anyone had total failure with Indiegogo? Seems another kickstarter named "CYPHY" crash, but they are refund their backers. That's a real good behavior. Hello, @Cill or @anyone who has received a copy can someone forward this to me? <email> , thanks Please send copy Mustapha Maynard new email <email> I want mei money back, who knows how to send me an email <email> Could I get a copy too, please!! I want my stolen money back!!! <email>. Thank you so much. Hai. Anybody, could you please send the me the copy too. <email> That address looks familiar! Oh look where Reece is working.... Ph: +44 (0) 1646 689353 E-mail: info@intel-tsl.com Intelligent Trucking Solutions Ltd Bridge Innovation Centre Pembrokeshire Science and Technology Park Pembroke Dock Pembrokeshire SA72 6UN Wales, United Kingdom Reece has a new email address: reece@intel-tsl.com can you send me a copy please? <email> I want to my money back!!!!!!!! @Cill could you send me a copy to <email> ? Has anybody had any success with recovering the money with HSBC in the UK? I have contacted them to attempt to follow the procedure described by other people in the comments as being successful (citing bulk order from KS, "product not received") but the person I spoke to wasn't have any of it. She simply said they have a 120 day limit for section 75 and there are no other methods they can use. Is this true or does she not know what she is talking about / is trying to fob me off? can you send me a copy to '<email>' PLEASE @Cill could you send me a copy to <email> ? @Cill could you send me a copy to <email> ? Any US refunds? I have got a refund from visa belgium! nice..... lesson learned! @Cill please could you send me the letter too, <email> Thank you :) @cill could you send me that letter too? <email> thank you:) Reece in linkedin: "My team and I were responsible for the content creation/design for ZANO's Kickstarter campaign, as well as the overall product marketing for ZANO. ZANO was Europe's most funded Kickstarter campaign, as well as the most funded "Drone" project on Kickstarter. Raising £2,335,119 (USD$3,540,507) in a 45-day period. We delivered rich and engaging web content, with an emphasis on original video content." In plain text: I was the chief PR for the biggest unicorn in the history of kickstarter. I raised 3,5 Mio USD without any real product and only with fake content. Reece to Kickstarter: In your face! @cill can I please have the letter too? <email> thank you! @Cill Could you send me a copy to <email> Thanks. brian ugor no i havent got my money back but i have open a case with my bank, is the second case that i have open, the first the cancel my case, because they said that it was over the 120 days that VISA put's as limit for the refund. 120 over the transaction, but i came back after the Cill email and ask them to open a new case for 'item not delivered' and now i wait, i hope that i will get my money back. hey Cill can you please send me that letter too? many thanks email: etsetse@ hotmail.com The request for a refund of any amount. @Cill could you send me a copy to <email> ? please refund or send me the product, otherwise.. never never support kickstarter.com again Vas, did you get your money back or just the notification? I'm looking to start the process myself 2.3 = 2.3Mio Pfund This company has burn 2.3 in one month? Okt 2015 = we can produce 1000 per week Nov 2015 = we have no money sorry ... for **** and drugs? Or? Hmmmmm lets see Kickstarter allowed a company to show bogus videos; not maintain accurate updates and admit they allowed the to not maintain transparency or continue updates. Maybe if Kickstarter pursued legal recourse for contractual breaches I would understand they were acting on our behalf but wait they got their money off the top. Perhaps they are equally liable for our lost investment since they didn't do the job we paid them for. Okay I'll take a refund for the money Kickstarter took off the top so we could all be cheated equally. Does anyone knows what this means? Kickstarter Integrity (Kickstarter) Mar 11, 6:47 PM Hi Vas, Kickstarter has received a dispute or chargeback for your £174.00 pledge to “ZANO - Autonomous. Intelligent. Swarming. Nano Drone.” The pledge was marked as “Product not received.” We understand your frustration with this project. While Kickstarter is a system where projects sometimes fail, the level of transparency and communication provided by this creator has been unsatisfactory. Pledging to a project is helping bring a creative idea closer to life, not buying a product that already exists. We expect chargebacks to be reserved solely for transactions that are credit card fraud, which does not appear to be in dispute in this case. We would ask that you please keep this in mind as you use our site. Thank you for your understanding and cooperation. Best, Kickstarter Integrity Anyone from the US get a refund from Visa? CILLS LETTER: <url>"Product not delivered" is how the bank classifies this and is how they can get you a refund. Sending this letter by itself will not work, you must first do the dog work with your bank and start the process. Your bank will be the difference in getting money back or not and how you treat them will influence that, be mindful of what they are "telling you". Listen and complete their instructions. I also sent all emails to and from Kickstarter to the bank for their perusal at their request, this included all updates. You bought a product from Kickstarter, it is they who were sourcing it from TG. You paid Kickstarter. It was a bulk purchase. Think of it like Amazon, if Amazon did not deliver, what would happen. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. @Cill Can you send me too ? Please. <email> @CillCan you send me too ? Please. <email> @Cill can I have a copy of the letter please. <email> @Cill can I have a copy of the letter please. @Cill - Thank you so much for helping the backers, <email> @Cill may I have a copy of the letter too <email> Thanks Back my money please! thx <email> I need a full refund <email> Back my money please! I don't want to wait. <email> @Cill please could you send me the letter too, <email> - thank you @Cill here is my E-mail : <email> thanks for refund :-) @Cill, can you send me it incase the bank comes back for more info. I've my money back but they could reverse that very quickly. <email> Thanks @cill can I please have the letter too? <email> thank you! I had full refund from my bank in The Netherlands, Rabobank after approx 20 months after payment. I have learned my lesson and I will be very careful founding another Kickstarter project again. Mainly due to very poor customer support in this situation from Kickstarter. Hey folks, from the trial below - i noticed that there has been a lot of successful refunds on Mastercard and AMEX. People seems to be challenged on VISA. Anyone managed a refund on Visa yet? I'm still hoping you can spend all the money back in medicine. @Cill, please send me a copy as well. Thank you! <email> @Nick I Filled out a questionnaire on my internet bank called "reclaim/complaint card transaction" in december and categorized it as Cill did "Product not delivered". I only attached "Update 49" which were the announcement of the company being liquidated and a confirmation of my pledge. Then the bank have asked me back and forth for more info (talked with the bank only three times but they were very slow with the process). Then I got the letter from Cill (changed the amount pledged written in the letter) and sent it to my bank and they said ok. I did not have to sent all the updates. My bank (Swedbank) made a chargeback. No repercussion. What are they going to do? Take money back for a fraud? :) Thanks Alexander - That was a great move! - Well done! Can I ask you, did the Bank send you a letter/questionnaire to fill in regarding the 'Product Not Delivered' - if so did you include Cill's letter AND all the Update emails? Or did you just send Cill's Letter & then supply the emails when the Bank requested them? Also, if you don't mind me asking, did you change anything on Cill's Letter? Then ultimately did your Bank do a chargeback against Kickstarter? If so, have you had any repercussion or contact from them? Thanks Again Alexander. Hi Everybody! I have received the letter from Cill and got my money back. I paid my pledge with a debit Mastercard (Swedbank Sweden) and I know Cill used a credit card so there is a possibility to get your money back regardless of the card type. To help everybody and save Cill the trouble of emailing +12000 people I have uploaded the letter at the following link: <url>"Product not delivered" is how the bank classifies this and is how they can get you a refund. Sending this letter by itself will not work, you must first do the dog work with your bank and start the process. Your bank will be the difference in getting money back or not and how you treat them will influence that, be mindful of what they are "telling you". Listen and complete their instructions. I also sent all emails to and from Kickstarter to the bank for their perusal at their request, this included all updates. You bought a product from Kickstarter, it is they who were sourcing it from TG. You paid Kickstarter. It was a bulk purchase. Think of it like Amazon, if Amazon did not deliver, what would happen. Hi Cill! What's the trick? Thank you so much :) no words! <url>… May I also have a copy of the letter. Thank you! <email> May I also have the letter? Thank you!!! <email> Hi all, Sorry for the delay in getting back to you (the only 'sorry' you're likely to hear on this site!) Emails sent, except Ben :-P I also want a copy <email> @Cill please can I get copy of letter? webmaster@christopher-park.co.uk @Cill, I would also like a copy of the letter. Thank You! winiarski@alice-dsl.de Hi everyone. Same.here... can some one be so kind and send me a copy of.the letter to <email> Thank you @Cill or anyone who got the sample letter from @Cill. Can you please send me a copy of the letter to <email>? Does anyone from Germany got a refund from their credit-card company? Kind regards.... Hello @cill and anyone who got the letter from @cill, would you be kind enough to send me the example letter to my email please: <email>. Kind regards. Hello @cill & anyone who have the letter copy, may i have a copy sent to my email please. <email> thank you Wrong address on my last post Hello @cill & anyone who have the letter copy, may i have a copy sent to my email please. <email> thank you please please please can I have a copy of the letter so I can do the refund from my credit card people. <email> many thanks! @Cill Could you send a copy of your letter to <email> ? Thank you. @cil could you Please send it to me too <email> Many thanks P @Cill or anyone else who received the letter please send it to <email>. Thank you! @Cill Would be great to also recieve your mail <email> @Cill Can you send me a copy of your letter. thanks <email> Just thought I'd chip in, I requested a chargeback from my NatWest credit card (Mastercard) in the UK and the full amount popped up into my account the other day, listed as "Credit Adjustment". All I had to do was fill out a form with the different delivery dates, value and description of the item, and details of the transaction itself. I was asked for proof of having contacted Kickstarter to try and obtain a refund, and I also included copies of the project updates that showed the project was successfully funded, listed the delivery dates, the liquidation, the refusal of the liquidators to refund the backers, and some other similarly related project updates. I then received an email from Kickstarter Integrity with the usual blah blah and how "We [Kickstarter] expect chargebacks to be reserved solely for transactions that are credit card fraud, which does not appear to be in dispute in this case. We would ask that you please keep this in mind as you use our site". Hello Cill or anyone who has received a copy can someone forward it to me? <email> Thanks. I had received the credit but Citi/Mastercard just confirmed my refund in writing. Whew! FYI: I believe the limit is based on delivery date not date of order coz citi asked me for proof of delivery delays etc. (emails from Kickstart/zano provided as proof) For Singapore backers: AMEX has kindly credited the amount after I send in a dispute despite the usual 60 day window. Hope some of you had success as well. Anyone with a copy of the letter, would love a copy of it, thanks <email> @cill, may i have a copy sent to my email please. <email> thank you Hello @Cill, i'd like to get the letter you send if it is possible, i paid the zano with a MasterCard credit card too, i would greatly appreciate it, my email: <email>, thank you. Cill could I also get a copy of the letter <email> thank you <email> Cill, would appreciate a forward of the letter! Hi@all, please also send a copy to my email: <email>, so that I might have a chance to get my money back, too... Thanks a lot! Hello Cill or anyone who has received a copy can someone forward this to me? <email> thanks! Can anyone share the letter here so it available to all? Can anyone please send me a copy of the letter? lasexpress at hotmail.com Cill, letter please. Thanks cenkuysal et gmail Hello Cill or anyone who has received a copy can someone forward this to me? <email> , thanks Hello Cill or anyone who has received a copy can someone forward this to me? <email> , thanks Hello Cill or anyone who has received a copy can someone forward this to me? <email> many thanks Hi Cill, Can you please send to me as well? This would be greatly appreciated. <email> Hi Cill, I know you've got loads of requests, but could I have a copy of the letter too please? <email> Thank you x Cill if possible pls i would like a copy of this letter also, i hope i will get a refund from VISA, my email is <email> Cill please send me a copy. My email is <email> Thanks. Cill, could you also send me the email? My email is <email> Thanks Cill, could you please send me a copy of the letter? My e-mail is <email> Thanks Cill I'll try <email> please @Cill I would also like a copy of the letter. Thank You! <email> Cill I'll try <email> please @Cill , could you email me a copy of the letter please. Greatly appreciated. Email : <email> I would also like a copy of the letter. Thank You! <email> @Cill, Would you please send me a copy of the letter. Thank You! <email> I think we need an organization to help Kickstarter to evaluate these electronic products to see if they are viable or not, before all the money gets wired to the fundraiser; sort of like UL organization to watch over the quality of many consumer products. This way all of us will feel more confident when we back a product in the future. Like Cill, I also got a refund recently, but mine was from AMEX. I really don't think it was a reversed charge to Kickstarter, as I heard nothing from them. I am a good longterm customer with AMEX, and I think they just wrote it off to make me happy. Keep it up, backers. I hope you get your money back from this bad project. I have stopped funding anymore - that's the only way to get Kickstarter to protect us in the future. @Cill Can you send me a copy of your letter. thanks <email> @Cill, well done for sticking at it and giving some hope to all of us. Please could I have a copy of your letter/email. Thanks. <email>. @Cillian McMenamin, @Cill Would love to get a copy of that to! <email> Many thanks! Cill please send me a copy. My email is <email> Thanks. Hi Cill, if you could, please send me a copy too I would really appreciate it: <email> Many thanks!. Cill, I would very much appreciate a copy of your letter. I have been in communication with Nat West - Visa, for over 2 months now. Have sent lots of documentation, pretty much copies of all the updates,etc, but I seem to be getting nowhere. Let's hope your letter does the trick! Please send a copy to - <email> - thanks for your efforts! @Cillian McMenamin could I also please get a copy? My email is <email> @Cill, I would also like a copy of the letter. Thank You! <email> Cill, I would appreciate a copy of your letter. <email> . Thanks @cill, may i have a copy sent to my email please. <email> thsnk you Hi Cill, I like to get my money back from Visa. Could you please send me a copy of the letter you use at mastercard too. Please send to <email> Best Joerg Hi Cill. May I request a copy of your letter as well please. My email is <email>. Many thanks Ashleigh And ill delete this App very soon <email> Copy Please �� May i suggest anyone in the UK look at - Under Section 75 of the Consumer Credit Act, the credit card company is jointly and severally liable for any breach of contract or misrepresentation by the company. Search for it and you will be able to find letter templates based around Section 75 claims Hi Cill, I am just trying to get my money back from Mastercard, could you please send me a copy of the letter.. <email> Cill but Visa claims that the limit of the 120 days starts from the day of the transaction, not the day of the delivery, i don't know about Mastercard but Visa claims that, i have emailed all this to my bank that i made the transaction and they told me that i can't do anything because of the 120 day limit, is that right? Please canni have the letter <email> Cill how did you get your dosh back can you email me <email> Just spoke to mastercard no chance of getting my money back according to them as kickstarter have given it to torquing group The last revised delivery dates were confirmed in the update #48, ZANO black was 14/12/15, your timer starts from there, with MasterCard you have 118 days from that date. Emails sent. Hello is there anyone got a refund from VISA after the 120 days limit that VISA puts as a final point for a refund? thanks @cill please copy letter to me when you can, <email> thank you for doing this Hi Cill, appreciate if the letter can be sent to <email> as well. Thanks!!!! @Cill , please copy to me. <email> @Cill Hi Cil, would like a copy sent to: <email> Thanks! Could I also have a copy please: <email> Thanks! Copy please- <email> @Cillian McMenamin, I would love to get a copy of that letter as well. Send to <email>. Thank you! I would like a copy too <email> Hi Cill: I would like a copy a swell. Please send me a copy of that email to: <email>. Thanks! All sent Cill, I too would appreciate a copy of your letter. <email> . Thank you! @Cill Can i have a copy? <email> Hi Cill, Could you email me a copy too please. <email> Cill: Glenn.paulsen+<email> Thanks I would like a copy of the letter as well. <email> Cill- could you email me a copy too please <email> Cill- could you email me a copy too please <email> Looks like the OnagoFly project in Indiegogo is stuttering. Reports of drones received but not even taking off..... Hi Cill, I would like to receive it as well. Thanks. Randy7fx at gmail @Cillian McMenamin, would be happy to get a copy as well: alex_wirth @ yahoo.com Thank sa nd regards Alex @Cillian McMenamin could I also please get a copy? lmhelmink @ yahoo .com (without the spaces ofcourse) Kind regards, @Cillian McMenamin, would be most grateful for a copy of the "letter that works". I'm also struggling to convince them. Email address (without the spaces that I've inserted to avoid bots) is corofa @ hotmail . com. Cheers, Colin. Hello all, Just got my money back from MasterCard, long process and many emails required. Finally I had to send a detailed timeline of what happened, all emails from TG via Kickstarter and spell out what was promised and all the revised delivery dates. Most important was to show where TG/Kickstarter said they only needed money for tooling and production, and that turned out to be false. I have the letter available for anyone that wants it, just post your email address if so. Good luck Kickstarter needs to refund us the profit they made. This is the decent thing to do I have backed over 60 projects, and while I have not gotten everything I pledged for (6% still active, 34% still in production, 54% delivered, 3% campaigns cancelled and not billed). Only two (3%) have not produced (one guy is selling on Amazon but not sending me my book, and one is the Zano). I do not blame Kickstarter for this. This is a risk we voluntarily take when we pledge money for things that are not in production yet. I will stay on Kickstarter. I like it here. I have learned from this and will be better than before when looking into projects, epseically tech-projects, before pledging. Maybe that was worth my £207. This user's account has been deleted. Don't even think of that !!!! All is lost !!!!! kickstarter dear, I want to be reimbursed for what I paid with Zano project. I would like an answer quickly, otherwise I will proceed with legal action against you. Hi i am a kickstarter backe, need help i have not yet tried to get a refund..can anyone share their experience. Thanks Need help... I am from France and i read some guys hard a refund from their company card. I have a MasterCard. Is it possible from France...? Thx Attention American Express users I got a full refund through disputing the charge on my American Express card in the beginning of January. !!!!!!!!!!!!!! Guys complaining about kickstarter and you not coming back inside this forum doesn't accomplish anything. All their unhappy customers are contained in this private forum. Complain on their public forms!!!!!!!!!!! Fuck u Zano & kickstarter .. Why you are stealing our money ? U want to erase ur reputation for couple of dollars ? If yes then go to hell Based on several key failures of KickStarter on this project, I am walking away from KickStarter and NEVER backing another project. I accept that backing a KickStarter project is a risk and your mileage may vary, but we need clear, unvarnished TRUTHS in the project information presented to us in order to help us make INFORMED decisions. We didn't get that in this case. There are two key points from the report that got my back up: (1) The video was misleading, at best, and (2) They outright lied about their successes in the military drone arena. It was those two pieces of information that convinced me to back the project and they both turned out to be lies. It's too easy right now for KickStarter to wash their hands of any responsibility in some of these meltdowns, so we need to walk away en-mass and let KickStarter wither on the vine. Unless KickStarter begins to change it's attitudes and policies, I don't see them lasting long term. I'm posting my ZANO experience on all my backed projects. I mix it into whatever we are talking about at the moment. Getting the word out more that Kickstarter walked away with tons of money leaving backers high and dry. ZANO walked away with millions and backers got no product or refund. People need to know that Kickstarter is not in anyway there to help people when they get scammed and there are a ton of scams on Kickstarter that they won't do anything about. The 4000 Zano fuel sticks for £2000 was quite a bargain. At £1 a stick. @NIEM: I did fill out the online-claim, also scanned some evidence of the product I ordered heer on Kickstarter. @Roy Verdegem: thanks for the tip. Did you fill out the online claim form or gave them a call? When trying to use the form I end up with "you need to contact the company". But that's kind of useless here;-) Hi there everyone. Any one in the uk got a refund? And how if so? Which bank? Im barclays. Iv just put my claim in with commonwealth bank and they are saying anything over a year they don't think I can claim . So not looking good Kick start !!!!! Looks like the Feds haven't been fond of Kickstarter <url>"Report This Project To Kickstarter" button amongst the 12,075 backers. Well, we could fix that across many projects and keep all the KS folks busy..... There are dozens of fraud ks projects that kickstarter got their fraud share and done nothing to protect the backers. Like this one Cloud Storage & Mobile Charger UniFLash, These robbers are using Kickstarter all the time to steal money and ks never banned them or done anything to protect us backers as soon their is no publicity. Unfortunately I was a backer too. And the second fraud is Arist coffee machine I backed too, which was recommended by Kickstarter and we caught them lying a couple of times, there were no real working prototype and stole our money. @David. Count me in on a class action lawsuit too, but specially against Kickstarter for helping and promoting fraudulent activity. I can understand such a failure if something happens on the world's market, like the $/pound rate has gone very high ... the price of the oil has been raised extremely ... there was a war in China and all their factories were burnt down ... Since nothing similar happened, I can only think that this whole scheme was a big fraud since the very beginning. And Kickstarter has its part with it. I know that together with Zano, Kickstarter will sink too. Kickstarter does not deserve to exist. Shame on Kickstarter for not thinking how to protect the backers. With all that millions that Kickstarter used to earn from the 5% commission, they could have hired somebody to think over a solution in such cases. Solutions like obtaining a banking guarantee, releasing funds in tranches as the backers start to receive the products, not all at once, etc, etc. There could exist several protection measures. So, I have changed my name to "Kickstarter No More" and wish Kickstarter becomes a history remembered as the wild unregulated days of crowdfunding, their founders and managers will find their place in hell for sure. Crowdfunding will probably continue to exist, but without Kickstarter, as new forms of regulated crowdfunding will appear. And Kickstarter will be remembered as a modern version of a Ponzi scheme. Is there now someone who has got a refund with visa in Europe? and how he did it? thanks for info..... @David. Count me in on a class action lawsuit, as long as it holds Kickstarter accountable as well as these Zano liars. This is my third failure on Kickstarter where the developer has made no attempt to make things right and neither has Kickstarter. I gave money to "Coffee Cupa" where the creator has disappeared and just decided to stop talking to the backers. Kickstarter knows about it but has done nothing. It's been a year and no communication or product, they just took the money and left. They even started a second campaign on Kickstarter and did it again to other backers but Kickstarter refuses to do anything. I also have money to Streetsmart wallets they eventually gave some backer back their money but Kickstarter still refuses to do anything. No product, little to no communication, all in violation of the Kickstarter policies but they refuse to do anything. Kickstarter walks away with money and leaves the backers to hang. They are a terrible business model and should be held accountable, especially now with millions of dollars on the line. @Kai Frerich : I'm still surprise there are people making statement like yours. The Zano campaign was, to stay politically correct, lies from the start. The commissioned report further proves this by the uncovered facts, from the supposedly successful military contracts to the financial stability of Torquing, passing through the total lack of business acumen of the creators. Backers didn't take a risk, they were outright lied to and embezzled. Backers also trust the crowdfunding facilitators, especially when it makes the campaign a staff pick and the media gets into the feeding frenzy ... If the people at Torquing had any business sense, they would of gracefully bowed out before end of campaign, possibly indicating they need to regroup and rethink. No one would of been pissed. After all, it seems obvious hey went to crowdfunding because they needed money, being already in the red. They obvious didn't have any business acumen since their first reaction to the excess funding from KickStarter was to buy/lease BMWs and give themselves huge raises. Most people complaining are not as sore about losing their pledge as they are about being taken. The opening video and virtually all updates, short of the last few, were promoting a working Zano, almost ready to ship out ... several times. It just wasn't so. The military project we trusted was as great a success as claimed by the creators turned out to be a total flop even after years of delays. The problem is once a campaign is funded, backers are left hanging to dry... KickStarter receives it's cut, regardless if the creators can deliver or not. Notice I said 'can' not 'could'. Zano had not a shadow of a hope to deliver given the hidden history and behaviour through the campaign. What KickStarter is showing us through this campaign is that they are more interested in 'funding' campaigns with backers' money, not theirs ! This makes them money. Trying to filter campaigns or backing the backers would cost them money as well as reduce potential revenues. That's way too expensive. Crowdfunding facilitators should be made to pledge their commission to backers and see them wise up after a few fails, eh ? What is the motivation to avoid campaigns like Zano ? As it stands, crowdfunding facilitators like KickStarter have absolutely NO risks. Creators 'must' deliver, but there are no consequences if they don't. Sure, Kickstart apparently banned creators of Zano from making further campaigns. How is that helping the backers ? Well, backers gets to learn crowdfunding is not a store (some actually do !) and they are the ones taking all of the risks The solution is relatively simple : if a campaign is asking for a certain amount, they feel ready for completing their project with the specified amount. Any thing extra just shows they might have a winner on their hands. The crowdfunding facilitator should thus release the initial amount of the campaign and sit back. Once delivery starts for those initial rewards (when the counter hits said campaign goal), then crowdfunding facilitator can release balance of funds as anything above IS selling a product. Meantime, creator can negotiate with suppliers promising them payment whn funds are released since the pledges are committed. If the creator fails, the sums held back are used to refund all backers pro-rata their pledge. They loose a bit, but not everything. Kickstarter could then keep their commission, having done their job to help creators and backers. Of course, backers need to be more deligent as well. Google about the creators' claims, history and such. Ask the creator for references and proof. It would be easier for all if it was done as a part of launching a campaign - done once instead of by each backer. A great service that would be from the crowdfunding facilitators. It would give value to backers for the 5%, right ? Just as payment processors make their commission worth the trouble. This campaign also shows that PayPal has its clients at heart. They will hold back payments and they will go after vendors. The set terms are applied, not just words on a screen. Caveat emptor ! For now, I'm on standby. I am waiting for ALL my 40 campaigns to deliver before pledging more. I'm keeping an eye out for interesting campaigns, sometimes regretting not pledging. I might do symbolic 1$ pledges just to be in the loop. I can afford to loose the odd dollar... At worse, like a few others mentionned, I'll go buy the item on Amazon or the creators' web site once it goes for sale. So I will pay 20% or more, but I will have PayPal on my side. It's a sad day for crowdfunding and honest creators. My credit card company did a charge back to Kickstarter and guess what I got from Kickstarter. Check out this idiotic email they sent me. Why can't they just say, OK you win we won't dispute the charge back. They go on to tell me how I am wrong and a bad person. God these people are unbelievable! ------------------------------------------ Hi there, Kickstarter has received a dispute or chargeback for your £225.00 pledge to “ZANO - Autonomous. Intelligent. Swarming. Nano Drone.” The pledge was marked as “Product Not Received.” We understand your frustration with this project. While Kickstarter is a system where projects sometimes fail, the level of transparency and communication provided by this creator has been unsatisfactory. Pledging to a project is helping bring a creative idea closer to life, not buying a product that already exists. We expect chargebacks to be reserved solely for transactions that are credit card fraud, which does not appear to be in dispute in this case. We would ask that you please keep this in mind as you use our site. Thank you for your understanding and cooperation. Best, Kickstarter Integrity kickstarter's email messages about this shitty ass project are classic. they basically say "you lose" "we win" "now go browse more of our wonderfully popular, hand picked, hand crafted, curated, hand carved, with love, overhyped bullshit products." The absolute last time I fund some indie tattooed "engineer" or "artist" on this site. This is the modern day ponzi scheme folks and kickstarter says "read our terms ****". So, they went and hired some journalist, paid him $250k to write the longest article ever instead of hiring lawyers to put the zano assholes in jail or better yet at least partially reimburse their LOYAL community with their billions. Fuck this site. Where is my money? You are fucking thieves. @David: I'd seriousely consider to participate in a class action lawsuit, if there's a decent group of participants. @Tom Golds, yeah why? Unless you want the project to fail, right? Read the report. Very nice, a good read. Almost worth the money I paid ( ok .... not quite ). It confirms what I thought from the beginning. It wasn't outright fraud .... Reedman was just a dreamer who was out of his depth. I think the primary cause is KS allowing projects to be over-funded. Torquing originally thought they could do the project for £125k and ended up with £2 million. But Torquing just did not have the skills or expertise to turn a prototype into a mass market consumer-grade commercial product. Why would you buy £1M of components from China BEFORE you knew you had a working product .... madness! Kickstarter Are you going to issue a formal response to the report covering the points and recommendations raised? What happens from here? Now that the Kickstarter commissioned report has outed the video to have broken the Terms of Use agreement with Kickststarter, KS should take responsibility. A project purposefully mislead backers into believing that there was an operating prototype, which was completely false. That is against KS policy. KS needs to take responsibility and do more than just publish an investigation. KS directly profited from this deception. How many backers would be willing to participate in a class action lawsuit against Kickstarter? If you go back to the campaign page it is obvious, both in imagery and text, that there was an intention to deceive as to the capabilities and experience of the developer team and the product. Was it wishful thinking? Absolutely. Probably not an attempt at outright fraud. However, at the end of the day, there is a lot in there that was never true. If we had known the truth of where the product development and the experience of the team really was, I think that many of us would not have experienced the loss that we did. KS has an obligation to rethink the "due diligence" process that occurs here. There is no way for anyone but them to do that process. They seem to want to hide on this issue, but if they do, it will ultimately be the end of this platform. Well that was a long read. Nice article. If I understand correctly Ivan was too enthusiastic, too positive and a little bit incompetent. The launch-video, that many backers (including me) convinced to back, was a fraud. It isn’t said in that many words in the article but this is what you can conclude. Furthermore everybody lost money on this. The directors had a bit of fun for a year with nice cars but in the end they had to leave empty handed. The backers have nothing and the suppliers will probably also end with less than they had hoped for. The only clear winner is Kickstarter. 165.000 dollars remains in their hands and they have done absolutely nothing to deserve this. The article cost is probably not even 1000$ excluding travel costs which is nothing compared to the profit. No Anderson. We are not losers. We just lost a little money. The Kickstarter guy and the Zano guy are losers. They have had there character tested... in public... and the result came back negative. No character. Rest easy. This is how everything balances out over time. SCAM, NO MORE KICKSTARTER!!! They are losers. And we are too.... Oh Yes... this was my post from Sep. Maybe I CAN see the future!!!! Timothy Goff on September 11 OK... I'm really bored with this. It has been so long I can't even remember what (or why) I ordered (or backed?) . Pretty sure it was long enough ago that whatever technology edge it appeared to have, is gone. Excuses, excuses, excuses. My bet is finding Kickstarter is the only success this group will have. Ok. It's all clear now. The Zano clown is a loser of the perpetual over promise under deliver variety. Thats gonna happen in the real world. The video, which is really the only thing that got most of us involved, was a fraud. Now that's not suppose to happen. The statement from the Kickstarter clown was ridiculous. He lost a beautiful opportunity to give a little back and buy a world of good feelings and future business. He chose gibberish instead. Reminds me of the crap excuses from Zano. I predict the same "crash and burn" for KS. Glad I didn't invest in it. Never back any projects on Kickstarter anymore! all the critical notes and disappointment on the project aside, the report DOES provide great insight and is a use case for the future. As a backer I lost money, but I consider this an educational loss. Again I am disappointed in the project, and it leaves me with a bad taste, but I won't shy away from a new project. I will just be a tad more critical... It's ok - I got it now. Richard Every time I try to download the report my computer crashes. Can someone send me a pdf copy? Thanks Richard to be honest, is there a point in kickstarter? i started using kickstarter as i believed it to be a form of protection against dishonesty but it is no better than a patreon or a webpage asking for paypal donations. the only real difference is that kickstarter collects 5%... from kickstarters official statements they offer no protection at all, and choosing to donate (and therefore protection from fraud) is on the heads of the backers and backers alone. if thats the case why does anyone use kickstarter to begin with? you could just use a google search to find a company's website and donate to their paypal donation page(paypal donation actually has more/better rules than kickstarter. if a company is as dishonest as torquing paypal is and will go after them). Im starting to reach an epiphany that this site is just hype. The only reason anyone uses it is the hype from the success of stories like pebble and rift. kickstarter does noting but host a webpage and collect undeserved money. you can host a webpage anywhere for a flat rate. paypal takes less cash than kickstarter. why do people use kickstarter other than most people have heard of kickstarter. kickstarter collects increasing amounts of money for what? why must you give them a percent? why do they take a percent? i didnt feel this way at the begining of this, but this should really be everyone's last kickstarter. At first I went well some projects fail. but this project did more than fail, it outright lied to its backers. and there is clear proof that it out right lied to its backers. and kickstarter is saying that they will do nothing about it. if they are doing nothing about it they collected over 100k for what? a website costs way less than that to make. and paypal collects like 3.9% and they actually do stuff to prevent lies. I always wondered why some backers almost demand a paypal option for kickstarter campaigns and now i know. but that begs the question of why use kickstarter to begin with. if there was another site to generate hype, you wouldn't need kickstarter at all. My ten cents on the report.... My Zano pledge was gone the moment Torquing went bust. What I was looking for was a set of good reasons on why I should invest in any crowdsourcing project in the future. Given that. 1) It seems almost impossible to make a realistic risk assesment based on the materials supplied by the creators to support their project pitch. 2) Best case scenario is that you get everything promised at essentially 20-30% discount to street price. 3) The worst case scenario is that you lose your entire pledge. Based on what I have learned it is simply not worth the risk. I will buy at the pre-sale price and have full consumer protection. Aside from being duped. Kickstarter has explicit rules. Laws of promises and contracts dictate that this company misrepresented itself (fraud) to the other party in the promise, the backers. There can easily be criminal charges for this. At the very least, every individual who backed this project should make an honestly good effort to use this information to get a credit card refund based on the most recent delivery dates provided on Oct 15th. You'd be a fool not to pursue the only right you currently have. It would be a good thing for the future of crowdfunding for real criminal charges to be filed. Kickstarter Backers of Zano versus Torquring needs to happen. Oh, i forgot: For me this is the end with Kickstarter. @Kai Frerich: Sorry, to say, but what you write is bullshit. No it is no thrill for me to lose money and get faked, like the Torquing group did. And still i say, that Kickstarter has the responsibility here, but who bits the hand who feeds ? What does this "report" of Mark Harris shows us as new informations ? I´m not interested in the family history of Mr Reedman. I invested money and want to get the product, or my money back. Like i was in fear from the beginning, this involvement of Mr.Harris is nothing else than a gamesmanship and a try to calm down the backers. Like said before: Kickstarter is responsible and they do ...... nothing ! Article comments tldr; well not tldr actually what you most want to know * there is nothing legally backers can do against torqing *the UK government is looking into torqing as they may have broken UK law. as such they may be facing criminal(not civil) charges. * torquing groups were not scammers, they were just idiots without any Business acumen, technical knowledge, or basic common sense. But they had the ability to spin information, that would make a presidential campaign manager green with envy. seriously if they had just published actual information related to their progress, anyone would be able to see that the project was doomed some time ago * kickstarter isn't going to do anything, you lost your money, its your fault for not checking into the kickstarter before you payed for it. as an aside, Im typically pretty good about the kickstarters i back(my first one that's failed), so this "blame the victim" mentality, really sticks to my craw but there you go, That's kickstarters stance on the matter, as is the stance on everyone posting the 10000th "common guys its a chance to get a product, your not guaranteed a product" post. we get it you have enough money to brush this off/ are basically a doormat that knows not the value of a dollar, your point has been made 100 times. but i digress . * MOST IMPORTANT POINT!!!! PAYPAL HAS YOUR BACK!!! if you are even the slightest bit skeptical about a kickstarter, indie gogo, or other wise. USE PAYPAL TO BACK.if you consider kickstarter to be a store, (its not) USE PAYPAL TO BACK. if the project dont have a paypal page, they aint got your money. paypal got your back. them pre-order dudes be swimming in the shade right now. Sorry but all the article tells me is that I should only back if I have money to burn. I have stopped backing Kickstarter as I feel there is no integrity. Video was fake according to report, we should get a refund. After reading the report and following the comments on this page, I must say I am still very surprised at people's reactions. Crowdfunding has been a hype for quite some years now, and one should guess that most people should by now know the difference between crowdfunding some hypothetical new gadget and buying a finished product on Amazon. But instead, a lot of folks seem to be utterly surprised that there is no guarantee that their pledge will come to fruition. When I first read about Zano and watched the promotion video, I said to myself, that it would be a cool gadget with some promising ideas that were otherwise only found in much more expensive drones (some of them also on Kickstarter at the time). I was sure that for my money I would never get a professional drone, but instead cheap amateur toy capable of streaming low resolution video. That the promotional video was too good to be true was obvious (the image quality was way too good)- but it did not bother me. I gave the project a 50% chance of success, and thought it was worth the risk. As the campaign went on, I was watching the updates with interest. Especially when CES came up and went without a single video of a flying Zano, I was sure that they would never make the deadline. And I found it curious that no one seemed to be bothered by the lack of actual footage. I was amused when each update promised a new technical breakthrough, but never showed any proper videos of the drone in flight. I must confess I had given up on the project by the time the tennis video came out, and was pleased that they perhaps might be able to pull it off after all. When Torquing went bust, my expectations were confirmed. Since I had my doubts from the beginning, my disappointment was minimal. I took a gamble, and lost. I knew the risk from the beginning. And nevertheless I pledged, because I think that's the fun of crowdfunding. Spend some money in the hope of getting a cool reward. Sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't. But most of the time it's fun to watch. To complain to Kickstarter a crowdfunding project fails, is like suing your broker when losing money at the stock market: you should have known that there is a risk! I for one enjoy all Kickstarter projects I have taken part in (more than 30 so far). Some delivered, some went down the drain, some still keep me waiting. And every day there is the chance that a new shiny gadget might arrive at my doorstep. Or that I might receive a notice of bankruptcy of a company I have backed. Come on: isn't this thrill the fun of being a backer? According to the report, the video was misleading and contained "future products" and not the project in working order. Therefore, breaking the Kickstarter agreement. We are owed a refund. Even just a portion of the $175,000 Kickstarter accepted from this project distributed out to backers would be a sign of good faith. If Kickstarter says that videos on the site are governed by rules it assumes a responsibility. A rule which is unenforced (or unenforceable) is, to be charitable, a suggestion. To be less charitable, is is knowing abetting of fraud. I do hope someone brings a class action against Kickstarter. We should then be able to find out how Kickstarter deals with frauds that violate its rules where it has a financial incentive to allow the frauds to raise as much as possible if it can avoid any liability itself I don't think it's reasonable to say Kickstarter could / should have known the video was faked - but I do think it's reasonable that they could release the funds in segments, maybe leading to less leased beamers and more accountability with these creators... The Report says: "There is convincing evidence that the Kickstarter campaign video, released in November 2014, was misleading as to the existing capabilities and readiness level of the Zano." That means we've been betrayed from the beginning, kind of false pretences. The video wasprobabely for most of us the main convincing argument to back this project. KS definitely should be liable if they do not protect their backers from such deceptive business practice. I hope that **** die...the jail is too good for them!!!! I'd also like to say, for the record, that I only pledged a pound here to watch the project develop, and because it looked like a large risk. So, I'm not a "jilted backer" just upset about losing funds. I've backed over 200 projects, and watched crowdfunding develop over a long time (including running a project, which has delivered to 99% of our backers). So, I'm saying this as someone who is invested in crowdfunding, and who more and more thinks Kickstarter is really trying to have its cake and eat it too - saying it's not a store, but profiting like one (not taking a loss when a project fails). Saying you can't use renders, but allowing renders on a literal plethora of projects on the site. Even the commissioning of this report, along with its broad conclusions on little evidence, reeks of trying to share the legal / financial blame. I urge the report, and Kickstarter, to consider and implement better ways of protecting backers, lest cases like this cause governments to step in and do the regulation for them. Again, releasing funds slowly after milestones are met (which could simply be production beginning, for example) would allow more accountability without necessarily exposing them more. If Paypal does this, why can't Kickstarter? Finally, as to reporting projects - I and others have experienced reporting a scam, and having Kickstarter do nothing, while the project was still funding. That project is here: <url>"run out the clock" on a failed project. Sorry for the book - and Mark Harris, if you want to get in touch I would happily discuss it further (spgarber AT gmail DOT com), although I imagine you will be moving on to other journalism projects now........ The report, in my opinion, is both premature and incomplete. Link here: <url>#.67o5cqx61 The reporter wasn't able to talk to Crowther, or even confirm what country he currently resides in! He talked a lot to the technical guy (Reedman), but imo Reedman isn't the main problem - the problem is how the funds were managed. They committed to a million dollar production run without the product working at all... completely out of their depth! And to not talk to the man behind those decisions, or find out more about what led to it, says to me that this report is another shot at sharing the blame. Kickstarter commissioned the report, but did not return their 5% for this project. I don't think that would simply be a gesture - it would incentivize them scrutinizing technology projects more. As it is, there is every incentive to overpromise, and not much incentive to deliver. I can think of tons of ways to lessen risk to backers - such as slowly releasing the funds for such a massive project, rather than writing a check and washing their hands of it. In the end, I don't think the reporter was nearly as critical of the platform as he should have been - possibly because Kickstarter commissioned the report. I also don't think he dug deep enough and based an extremely long document mostly on conversations with Reedman, which while enlightening, really don't explain the decisions the Tourqing company made or how they blew through all the funds. Overall, I'm disappointed with the report - especially when it blithely references the Other report Kickstarter commissioned, which estimated a 9% failure rate, while not taking into account many factors, such as the fact that many projects still "trying to deliver" will fail. This part was really enlightening from that former report: --- We might also be concerned that a number of the projects that are currently waiting for delivery will ultimately fail. If we look at older projects from 2012 or earlier, it may provide a better sense of long-term success rates. For projects from 2012 or earlier, the failure rate is 13.9% for the broadest definition, 12.3% by the middle definition, and 8.6% by the strictest definition. While these historical failure rates are higher, it is also likely that overall failure rates have decreased since 2012, as creators have climbed the learning curve of how to create successful projects, and backers have become more educated on which projects to support. Combining all of these results, the overall failure rate for Kickstarter projects at the project level is around 9%, and likely in a range between 5% and 14%. --- For this reporter to simply take the 9% from that report on faith, rather than the higher number of 14% which may well be the actual rate (the idea that creators learn is, I think, a stretch, given how many projects are new ventures) is just irresponsible journalism. I assume Mark Harris will read this, and I just want to say, next time you're given this opportunity please be more critical and dig deeper - and if you need more time, take it (contract or no) rather than putting our a report which really doesn't tell us anything, and glosses over a lot of things that he should have gone deeper on for the sake of telling a narrative that is completely besides the point that he was obligated to discover. Based on the letter I just received, this project was fraudulent from the start, which indicates to me that Kickstarter shares the responsibility and owes each of us a full refund. FRAUD! Read the conclusions of the Mark Harris report: <url>#.yagychjld Basically TG was incomplete in their communication and were overconfident they could deliver on a product that they did NOT have a sufficiently working prototype for. And that KS should screen projects like these better, if not add some support to campaign creators in similar situations. I am reading these comments for the first time, since I backed a year ago. So I am really surprised, that it seems, that this project is dead. I am from Austria. Is it true, that the only way to get back the money, is from my credit card company? If it is so, what are the arguments, which I can use for that? This user's account has been deleted. 顶你个肺，还钱 F$$k your self very well and hard thifes So Kickstarter is now removing comments? This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. SCAM ! DBS in Singapore will not help with the chargeback as its only 60days protection. Well,at least i tried. There will be no Zano, Eugene. Read the update, please. last advertisment show that there will be no refunds for kickstarter backers? im right? If so Torquing Group Ltd is a group of scam. This is the greatest fraud on kickstarter. i im not belive any other kickstarter campaign at now. when will be received my zANO? I order on kick starter at year ago, pls help to check and waiting for your reply, many Tks. and what about this - <url>#/ Already oversubscribed, with over 7000 backers. Heavy and slick campaign. Eerily familiar! You can't comment unless you have bought it! Are these crowdfunding platforms the target for scammers looking for easy pickings? They get all the bucks, are well protected and there really is no protection for backers. SHAME ON KICKSTARTER! AND OF COURSE THE FRAUDS AT ZANO! Kickstarter profited with a % of the millions collected. They shamelessly promoted this as a "top" project. Zano doctored videos and showed and shared information that was misleading and false. Kickstarter perpetuated this. Kickstarter has refused to take any responsibility at all. So NO MORE KICKSTARTER PROJECTS FOR ME. I hope the other 12,000+ supporters also don't support Kickstarter. Projects don't always work out, but Kickstarter needs to ensure that materials posted to their website, where Kickstarter IS making money off our funding is materially true! I tired to get a refund from my Australian ANZ Visa but they said that after 120 days they can't do a charge back because technically the transaction isn't unauthorised or fraudulent. Has anyone in Australia had any luck getting their money back? Good scam well orchestrated - a kick in the teeth for backers - who like myself won`t be investing in Kickstarter projects in the future. I have a second one that looks like it is going the same way tits up. Before someone points out a mistake on my part : the directors didn't "triple" their fees from £32k (split by 4 of them). They quintuple (5x) it to £150+k (each of 3 getting £50k). This was done as they were about reach the point of having to call the liquidators ... Currently have $312.14 under active dispute with Capital One. Sent them 16 pages of supporting e-mails including original backing, updated shipping dates, declaration of failure and refusal to issue refunds. Money has been temporarily refunded to me, but Kickstarter has up to 90 days to reply to Capital One. I will be curious to see the ultimate outcome. I still think the ideas on this web site are fascinating, but Kickstarter is in it for the money only and that is very sad. I hope innovators take notice of this project and find other ways to seek funding through less nefarious methods. This is the reason why crowdfunding facilitators like Kickstarter MUST do a background check - or allow backers to do it, by asking financial statements and such from creators with extremely successful campaigns, if not all campaigns. It is what investors should and would do. Backers tend to trust the facilitator, fellow backers (follow by popularity promoted by facilitator) and just about everyone in general. Backers aren't out to make money by buying a reward. They want the reward. Helping the creator succeed is secondary for most backers. Just like buying pizza is to satisfy a hunger before making the pizzaria a success no matter how great the pizza. Well, there is no need to read between the lines. All the info makes it quite clear now : we got screwed by Zano and Kickstarter is certainly not going to complain given the revenue all of the campaigns bring in with no apparent liability to them and the creators. It's "legal" scamming ... Be very, very, very careful with your pledges. There is no one out there to protect you from the shady deals, not even the facilitators ! I have not backed any project, beyond a few token dollars, since this Zano mess. The problem is those not aware of the Zano case blindly back projects of all sorts. I will at least wait until ALL 40 campaigns I have backed to date deliver. There is one other in a critical state - LIX 3D pen. Although it still breathes, it's head apparently above the water, it is not looking good. As anyone else noticed the error under "It is ordered that:" near bottom of page 2 of the Court Order "1" (the latest updated version) ? It says : "with regard to the creditor's meeting herein held on 4 January 2015 ..." Should be corrected by hand to "2016" as was done at bottom of page 3 where "December 2015" was changed to "January 2016"? Or were things turning sour back in January 2015 without any publicity ? It certainly sounds like it - read on ... The older Court Order has no scribling on it, just a stamp at top of first page. Is it just me or the dates don't jive nor was anyone paying attention to them ... By the way, it doesn't say backers are creditors, secured or unsecured. It says they don't have to give the "Kickstarter backers" any details as per Gary Stones' "witness statement". They just have to post the Court Order within 14 days of the date of order to be compliant with respect to the Kickstart Backers "(but not otherwise)". Whatever that last bit means ... Who else was at the hearing to give "witness statements" ? So we are lucky to get the other documents ... It further says IF there are insufficient funds to enable dividend to unsecured creditors, they do not have to inform the Kickstarter Backers. What IF there are sufficient funds ?!? Mr. Stones also forsees getting barely enough to pay his fees, all others, of course, are behind him in the line of "creditors" of any type. As others mentionned, they should of at least shipped us the physical parts of OUR Zano given the budget figures stated in their earlier financial disclosure (distribution of the millions) showed they "spent" a substantial amount on shipping ... Interesting to see the directors' remuneration go from £32,024 (split by all directors: 4 as of late July) in 2014 to an amazing £50,000 EACH for three of them plus £12,500 "p.a." EACH. That is tripling the 'fee' when the company was starting to feel the pains of delays and other troubles ... Oddly, a name drops from the list : I. J. Reedman, the fourth director Fact they would only take the £ 12,500 for subsequent years is a no issue since it could be changed later on, IF company survived the situation it was already in, the sudden drain of funds probably not helping... It was loosing the battle back in 2014 according to the financial reports ... It is the wrong time to drain the bank account(s) wouldn't you say ? I never understood the juggling of numbers in professionally prepared financial statements ... These are definitely no different. They do show they had made £1,556,628 in purchases (the overhead being an other £1,069,077 on its own). Looks like they had bought all the parts, no? Even for the £200,705 in "pre-sales" Zanos and accessories. It does also show that they would of almost broke even if the three directors didn't take the big chunk of change out just a few months before the 17.11.15 (period ending) statement and the visit to the potential liquidator. Maybe an appeal to the Kickstarter Backers (and others) would of covered the difference AND solve issues with hardware/software ... or the sale of the rights to what was done to date, if truly exceptional to begin with ? Interesting how the Kickstarter campaign started in late 2014 ... you know, when the company's financial statements were already showing it was deep in the red. Furthermore, they knowingly went for Kickstarter given, and I quote ; "The terms of such Kickstarter crowdfunding cannot be used to offer financial incentives such as equity, financial returns or to solicit loans nor after re payments to backers. Rewards were promised to such backers provided that the project was completed successfully. Such rewards are a creditor's chance to share a piece of their project with their backer community and rewards were intended to be based on the amounts pledged by the backers." The document furtner reminds all [Kickstarter] "Terms of Use do not however impose any obligation upon a creator to return any specific sums to a project's backers and Kickstarter's Terms of Use do not impose any form of financial penality on a comapny for failing to complete a project satisfactorily." The document goes on with the : "no provision has been made by the director ... for monies received from Crowndfunding backers based on rewards." Translation : "We were in the red, we needed funds to pay ourselves, Kickstarter is fantastic and we got you real good! Thanks Kickstarter for such a risk free opportunity for us to scam innocent trusting backers." Ain't that sweet of them ? Even those who pre-bought a Zano through PayPal seem taken for the ride given the 180 days limit on the "clawback". It seems, however, PayPal might of foreseen the mess as they withheld a bit of funds ... or it's just luck for those few who can get their money back from PayPal. £29,000 loan for a 3D printer ? That's one heck of a 3D printer, eh ? It was almost paid out as well. Anyone out there got to bid £2500 (or probably less) to get the printer off bank's hands? Kickstarter made £113,977, with no apparent liability to the backer community besides keeping their web site going to get to more of the backers' hard earned money. Heck, KS does not have to back any campaigns (too risky for them ?), they just do "Staff pick" and collect 5% off top ... Did anyone notice how the £2,094.833 ended in the company's business money manager (!!) account, not a company account ? The document when to the trouble of stating "business ... manager" .... How about the EMS which claims upwards of £1,824,046 in unpaid invoices, lost turnover and purchase of machinery for the contract ? That does not leave the Zano guys much out of the £2M taken through KickStarter, eh ? How big are they that need to buy nearly £500,000 of machinery to make electronics for a few thousand Zanos ??? How about the bottom line "Estimated Total Deficiency per Statement of affairs" which hits the £994,863 WITHOUT accounting for the Kickstarter Backers' £2+M !?! Holly crap, eh ? The ship was sinking long before it left the docks ! Sure smells fishy, now that we have some of the background information allbeit summarized and much too late to do anything about it. ***** This is the reason why crowdfunding facilitators like Kickstarter MUST do a background check - or allow backers to do it, by asking financial statements and such from creators with extremely successful campaigns, if not all campaigns. It is what investors should and would do. Backers tend to trust the facilitator, fellow backers (follow by popularity promoted by facilitator) and just about everyone in general. Backers aren't out to make money by buying a reward. They want the reward. Helping the creator succeed is secondary for most backers. Just like buying pizza is to satisfy a hunger before making the pizzaria a success no matter how great the pizza. In passing any word on the 'case study' Kickstarter "started" after all the noise some of us were making with this Zano fiasco ?? I don't recall seeing anything for a while now beyond the email or two announcing it back in ... December 2015, was it ? A message to the creditors. So they finally admit that we are creditors and not a charity... Disappointment does not begin to describe how I feel. Kickstart has not delivered the protection and consideration for my contribution that they have promoted and committed to in writing. Regretfully I am reluctant to participate in any future projects. I appreciate the updates but now they are nothing more than CYA rhetoric. They should be in jail. Kickstarter... you've lost a customer. Sign This: <url>"Developers" paid themselves £50,000.00 per annum - see the liquidators report. Sadly no comment so far as "investigatory Matters" are concerned. Kickstarter - you should be ashamed of your part in this and your abysmal lack of communication in the aftermath. I am disputing this with Amex and I hope that in turn they dispute it with you. <url>"Product not received" Greendot bank will not give me a chargeback :( Some news from the journalist that KS sent in mission to investigate ? I had success with my chargeback claim with Amex. One thing I'd recommend trying is using the dates in the delivery schedule as the anticipated delivery with a prepay early in 2015. That will allow you to be within the 90 day chargeback window. Also send last few communications of anticipated delivery dates as well as communication about creditors liquidation as further evidence to support your claim. There was no notice of impending problems. Good luck to anyone else filing chargebacks... I have also finally received the message from Kickstarter Integrity about the chargeback that was filed. I'm not sure why Kickstarter believes that this is not fraud that took place, but I presume they never will believe it for any of the campaigns that take place on their web site. Since they left no place for me to respond to their e-mail, I will reiterate my previous statement to their complaints department. Your web site states that as part of the rules, projects must be honestly and clearly presented and that you prohibit photorealistic renderings. As an editors choice project, Kickstarter provided their own independent support for this project, gaining financial incentive for increasing their cut of this project's funds that were raised. Kickstarter and Torquing Group both engaged in fraud. I will not back down from my position with respect to the chargeback on my credit card. Thank you for your understanding. Another major project has all the hallmarks of a doing a Zano. Sincerely hope I'm wrong. This one would take out $1.5 million US. NEEO smart remote. I just wanted to let you all know that American Express has given me a charge back after showing them proof about what is going on. How can we refund in China and Hongkong？ <url>éxico obtuvo un reembolso, y si es así, con que banco fue? If it helps anyone, I told the person otp that I did a pre-order for a product via Kickstarter and they didn't seem to have an issue with that I tried to dispute and was told that my bank card, USA based, would not help me as the date of the charge was too far back in time. I will not be supporting any Kickstarter projects in the future. Has anyone managed to obtain a refund for a debit card payment? Is so, please share the process, thanks. Just want to let all of you know that I have successfully got my money back from kickstarter Today too. I had put a dispute 2 weeks ago in Australia and get money back so quick. As usual I had received following message from Kickstarter: ************************************************************************************************************* Hi H.T., Kickstarter has received a dispute or chargeback for your £199 pledge to “ZANO - Autonomous. Intelligent. Swarming. Nano Drone.” The pledge was marked as “Product not received.” We understand your frustration with this project. While Kickstarter is a system where projects sometimes fail, the level of transparency and communication provided by this creator has been unsatisfactory. Pledging to a project is helping bring a creative idea closer to life, not buying a product that already exists. We expect chargebacks to be reserved solely for transactions that are credit card fraud, which does not appear to be in dispute in this case. We would ask that you please keep this in mind as you use our site. Thank you for your understanding and cooperation. Best, Kickstarter Integrity ********************************************************************************************************* @BSR you need to tell them that it was a preorder. If they don't understand, ask for the superwisor or someone who anderstand how ks works and what a preorder is... My bank, Lloyds is giving me the run around and asking for more and more information and if I do not reply by a certain date they will close the claim. You always know when your Bank has your back..... NOT! I already gave them a detailed account. Feckers. Looks like I will be moving Banks this year. I had no luck with American Express.- while they gave me a temporary credit they responded that I was much past the allowed 60 days from purchase date (money was released in January 2015) to file a dispute and more or less said it would be up to Kickstarter - who sent me one of their form replies. I was browsing the web looking for something in particular. I came across what seemed to be a good fit. Just imagine how disappointed I was when I found out they plan to launch their product on kickstarter. Thus, in my opinion the product is dead before it gets off the ground since I have no intention of backing kickstarter projects unless something worthwhile changes which seems unlikely. Zano is great for an anti-kickstarter campaign. All, I just wanted to inform you that I made a dispute with my bank 4-6 weeks ago and today I saw a refund for my zano. PS I live in Canada and with RBC How to refund my pledge. I've been waiting too looooong for Zano. For those interested in an alternative: <url>"80 days". This user's account has been deleted. Would anyone mind uploading a copy of the charge back request to the back (for debit card holders) if they wouldn't mind. I've penned a letter but would feel better sending one that the bank has successfully accepted. Many thanks Ash Hi When i get my money back, kickstarter - it seems that kickstarter get a fraudulent website. Kind regards Hey, I want my money back for this: Well known and famous AND CHEAPER: <url>"booth 25621" and "Zano": <url>"succeeded" with fraud. #Foolboy it is the same message send me. 2498 If you would like to see the exact e-mail message I received from KS Integrity, check this out: <url>#comment-12111942 I finally got e-mail from Kickstarter Integrity, like many other who attempted to do the same thing, stated that: Kickstarter has received a dispute or chargeback for your £xxx pledge to “ZANO - Autonomous. Intelligent. Swarming. Nano Drone.” The pledge was marked as “Product not received.” Hope everyone will finally got their monies back and Happy New Year! Kikstart send me this mail: never kikstarter!! Kickstarter has received a dispute or chargeback for your £xxx pledge to “ZANO - Autonomous. Intelligent. Swarming. Nano Drone.” The pledge was marked as “Unrecognized.” We understand your frustration with this project. While Kickstarter is a system where projects sometimes fail, the level of transparency and communication provided by this creator has been unsatisfactory. Pledging to a project is helping bring a creative idea closer to life, not buying a product that already exists. We expect chargebacks to be reserved solely for transactions that are credit card fraud, which does not appear to be in dispute in this case. We would ask that you please keep this in mind as you use our site. Thank you for your understanding and cooperation. I'm in just completed. If no refunds then some jail time at least 1 year that should send a message out to the community. In the email sent on 24 Dec 2014: CES We will be at CES from the 2nd until the 11th, and we would love to see you guys there! We will be at booth 25621, so if you're in the area, drop by and say hello! If people just google it: you will find that there is not such booth! see <url>öglichkeit ist. Wer ist aus Deutschland dabei ? I can't see the website from China How can i sign this petition ? I see no sign button on the page ?!?!?!?!?! This is genius, it's exactly how we all feel about Zano: don't just get angry, get even! I just have to repeat it in the comments in case someone misses it. Even Adolf felt this way: <url>"updates" throughout the project (as the 6 months had originally lapsed on making a claim). It took several weeks, but they "gifted" me the total charge back, which I wasn't expecting... I'm going to issue a credit card chargeback request of £174.00 within this week. I have already discussed with my local bank (Thailand) about the situation that I and many other backers are encountering right now and also explained about the Kickstarter model that prevent us from issuing a cc request within limitation time-frame. Fortunately, they already know about Kickstarter and its reputation. (I think it might be not the first time for them to receive a cc request against Kickstarter) Here are the evidence they requested from me: 1) Bank account identity (passbook, credit card, Social Security Card, bla bla bla) 2) Proof of project backer - I simply use a "Congratulations! You are a backer of: ..." e-mail hard copy from Kickstarter 3) Information that lead to the "Product not delivered" incident - I use a full information from "Official Statement" in Project Update #49 and "A message to Zano backers‏" from Kickstarter that tell us they just knew that Zano was screwed. ("We've heard from many of you in the wake of the Zano project's failure") I will let you know the result and progress soon. Good luck everyone! Sign the petition on change.org <url>… and register your dismay! @Orlando, When you claim "product not received" who did you said you purchased from? Kickstarter or Torquing Group Ltd? I my Facebook timeline I just had a sponsored post for some earphones raising money on KS. I am sure they are great :-) but I posted the following:- Beware of Kickstarter! I backed the Zano drone where the company went bust. According to KS we are not backers or creditors in this situation despite them raising and taking over £2 million. Basically we have no protection. They (Zano) took our money and are completely unaccountable for it and KS do nothing to help. I will never back another KS project again. Why would you? You have no protection. Let's hit KS where it hurts until they sit up and take notice..... I did not have time nor patience to read all the comments here since TG folded, but have two observations: 1. There was a petition started on www.change.org but as of now it is 111 votes short of the 2500 votes goal! I am surprised. Go over there <url>"Pocket Drone" project on Kickstarter a while ago? I did not back it via Kickstarter then, but pre-ordered via their store front. Never received product and claimed it from Master Card on grounds of non-delivery and fraud. Got refund. KICKSTARTER - YOU ARE HEREBY NOTIFIED THAT I WISH TO BE NOTIFIED OF ANY CLASS ACTION REGARDING THIS FRAUD! Kickstarter needs to PAY! Torquing group, the entity that we sent our monies to (not Torquing Robotics) promoted this as if it was a project that was already completed and the only thing needed were funds for production and Kickstarter not only allowed it but THEY PROMOTED IT AS THEIR "STAFF PICK". KICKSTARTER was not only complicit but they actively engaged in this sham with [feigned] ignorance to the fact that this was not a real product. KICKSTARTER needs to pay up and the people that are responsible for the lies (Reece and Ivan, et al) need to go to jail! I just claimed mine on AMEX. They put this into an investigation for fraud. They said it will take 6-8 weeks for an outcome. I will update when I hear back. I pledged for a red zano and live in the U.S. Brent: Did MasterCard refund you for the pledge AND pre-order? I'm in the exact same situation and am based out of Toronto as well, but my MasterCard seems to have a 90-day limit for claims. Is there someone from Germany, who manage a refund with his bank? You can try "product not received" with your credit card company. They will ask you when exactly did you pay for Zano (transaction number and when it posted), when it was supposed to be delivered (the latest delivery date) and let them know that out of the blue they declared themselves out of business. You will get your charge back on your credit card. Also for kickstarter purposes, it is a violation of their terms because all the way to the end Zano kept talking about production and deliveries when in reality it was all a lie. @Brent: what evidence mastercard have asked you ? Is there anywhere I can check what card number I paid to back this ZANO? FYI - I did get a refund on my MasterCard (Product not delivered). I backed this as well as pre-ordered through Torquing Groups online store. If they have over 1 Mio. Of stock I think this stock belongs to the backers, even if the drones are not working. I think we should claim this stock at the liquidator on behalf of the backers. Independent what we can do with the stock later or what us the real value. This is also to see if the stock does really exist. I also received a full refund from my credit card company. Although I did have a series of emails from Zano saying they had sent me a drone (which ofcourse never arrived). Product not received. @ David Wilson !!! Be Aware !!!! This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. I backed because it was a Kickstarter staff recommended pick. Bull shit Kickstarter I see there is another Smart Nano Drone, the ONAGOfly, that seems to have taken all the things that ZANO promised. Be interesting to see if it succeeds. If it does I wonder what sent ours into the failure bin? WE NEED TO TAKE KICKSTARTER TO COURT! THE THREE INDIVIDUALS IN TORQUING GROUP (NOT TORQUING ROBOTICS) NEED TO GO TO JAIL. ONE OF THEM RAN TO AUSTRALIA THING THAT WOULD PROTECT HIM. IF THE LATER IS ACCOMPLISHED THEN I'M OK WITH EVERYTHING AND KARMA HAS BEEN RESTORED. NPOWER WAS FINED FOR NOT SUPPLY SERVICE TO IT'S CUSTOMERS, WHY NOT KICKSTARTER? @Fraser Dyer; Please elaborate on the procedure you utilized to persuade your credit card company to refund you monies which has already been paid out by them to Torquing Group Ltd. via Kickstarter, and which by all accounts they will not recover; in effect not "refunding" your charge, but rather "gifting" you the $800 which Torquing Group bamboozled from you. We all would like to know how this is done; I myself, got duped for approximately the same amount ($807.21) as they continually stoked the fire with a plethora of "special edition" units and multi-reward tiers resulting in my increasing my pledge amount for 2 'special' edition Ferrari-red Zano's (which are as special as the emperor's new clothes it would seem, or at the very least, made from the same material...); all the while knowing that their product did not function at all as advertised and visually represented in their campaign/swindle video! Thank you kindly in advance from all victims of this fraudulent representation of Torquing Group's campaign, company, personnel, and abilities. EXTRA! EXTRA! KICKSTARTER STILL SUPPORTING ZANO AND TORQUING GROUP LTD. <url>"Our work is our passion, and our tireless commitment to innovation is as unwavering now as it has ever been." Ivan Reedman, Head of Research and Development Future From consumer tech to immediate situational awareness on the battlefield. Torquing Group is poised to launch four nano UAS in 2015 covering a wide array of applications. Through persistence innovation in miniature UAS technology, Torquing Group Ltd is well placed to cement themselves as the market leader in Autonomous, Intelligent, Swarming Nano UAS's. should the new buzz phrase for stealing from a large number of people be called "doing a zano" or should it really be called "doing a kickstarter". They are the ones that got their cut regardless of our getting delivery for the "staff pick". They didn't do anything to deserve their commission but it looks like they still intend to keep it (minus the money they spent on a public relations journalist). This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. @fraser What details did u submit to cc company? Fraser: Would you mind sharing that information with me as well Thank you! Fraser, What card company AND what details did you give them to get your money back? My credit card company refunded my total amount! (All $800!) which I'm happy about, hopefully everyone else can get some closure on this and move on! Any way to close off this project so that I don't any more updates or nonsense on it?? @Don Tay Thanks! Out of curiosity Jonathan from the 50 KS projects you supported how many failed to deliver anything? How many went completely silent on backers? How many did a 'zano'? I enjoy the "I supported 5 or 6 projects I'm done". I have supported over 50 and I'm done. I am hoping KS handles this and helps out the supporters but it is highly doubtful. They are looking for ways to look supportive without shelling out much cash. The way we are being treated will be noticed by others. The market will show KS that they probably need to change heir policies and support the backers more instead of the frauds and actual creators. Money back. before any one says i know it was on indigogo but it was the last drone i backed i will be going for tried and tested drones that shop sold which been on the market for some time. @Christof Kinet i seen it fly and talked to the creater at the uk drone show looks nice but it be the last drone i EVER back on kick stater after being burnt twice by the pocket drone and the zano. Kickstarter will never do percentage matching. It's too risky Perhaps if kickstarter always did percentage matching with real people, e.g. if a project hits their target, ks match 50% of the target. That would make them more vested in making projects a success. Would also encourage more due diligence before allowing a project on the platform. If they do ever float, that might be a good use of the funds generated..... For Kickstarter this is the beginning of the end. I support 8 projects but because of Zano and the way KC is handeling this, I am finished. What a mess it is @Dion that's why TG won't be held responsible for anything they did to backers since they completed all their obligations to KS. KS doesn't care about its backers obviously. The last piece of the puzzle TG had to do was put out the liquidation update. I personally will tell anyone who will listen that KS is a joke and you might as well wipe your ass with your money you plan on pledging. This user's account has been deleted. @Jason @flypedrito @todd Micro Drone 3.0 will be shipping imminently, people are seeing it being demo'ed at events, from a backer on their Indiegogo page: "I’ve seen one flying and held one and I’ve had a go with the Dodocase at the UK Drone Show last weekend" My credit card company (HSBC) are asking for 2 things 1 An invoice. I sent them my email from KS thanking me for becoming a backer for £164 but they say they need an invoice which shows the company details. 2 A liquidators letter. I sent them the official statement from Torquing Management stating they are pursuing a creditors voluntary liquidation but they say they need a letter from the liquidators. How do I get these things? Thanks in advance. Liquidator has lodged a statement of affairs form at companies house. Should be available to in the next few days This is the game: People want micro drone under $500. Vendor make video with $1400 drone and $500 image stabilizer gimbal and $400 GoPro. Vender make new video with cheap $40 tomtop drone and say dumb things like, Micro Drone works great! People buy it. People disappointed. Zano video show and imply "stable" excellent videos. Not possible on micro drone. Micro drone jettery and fly all herky jerky. Onagofly exact same play book. Luckily you can just press refund on indigogo, Kickstarter, money is buying zano creators a new Tesla. Of course I feel disappointed that my money has gone to waste, but what really is pissed me off is that ZANO has been giving out false hope. Not once did they mention that they are facing problem with production. Just saying things like some minor PCB changes, some issues with their testing rig and whatever nonsense, but they keep saying that they will producing hundred of ZANO and so on. The next moment, they are gone. If this is not an intentional indirect lie, tell me what is. I have of course moved on and looking for some other drones like micro drone which I have now decided to buy it from retail instead, because a one time ZANO is enough drama to last me quite awhile. In fact, I am still following project but have no intention to backed any more just to save $50 and lose the entire amount. Reece and Ivan you are sc*mbags. Refund~!!!!!! FXXK @Kenneth Smith Kickstarter is just as much to blame as Zano. Their staff recommended this fraudeulent product that did not meet their terms of service. @Tod Waller I have to agree with your words. Crowd funding is essentially risky business much like gambling. Refund !!! Refund !!! The onagofly promo-video is so similar to that of zano - same cheesy group selfie, the follow me sport angle etc etc <url>#/ Same idea, but this one has 26 days left to cancel your pledge. @Todd Waller: good words, congrats. while tantalizing Project (Micro Drone 3) with fine videos, i'm now carfully, following your words Todd Waller @ Nigel Scott have you not read the terms and conditions on kickstarter. I'm just as mad as you but kickstarter doesn't have to give back their portion of the money (5% which if they were to give back to all of us would be 8 cents back). The creators need to give the money back. NOT KICKSTARTER. STOP HATING ON KICKSTARTER GUYS!!! IT IS NOT THEIR FAULT!!! No one knew that this would happen and I'm sure if kickstarter could they would turn back time and refuse this project from even happening. @David if u really need a drone, you can get it at Amazon or Macappsdeal. There is many options in the market as it's already a mature segment of the industry. We don't have to get it from crowdfunding platform (KS or Indiegogo) . It's more expensive and risky. There is certain pattern that the scammer in crowdsourcing "milk" the maximum money out of the backers, the common tactics is to "inform" the backers it is "shipping" soon and hence pay for the add-ons and shipping charges. The next thing we know is that it is delayed and finally never delivered. It's a lesson learnt and we all have to spot these red flags and hence never will I ever support KS again. Imagine this: You sit down at a Blackjack table and the dealer tells you, "Ok here's the rules, you put $179 on the table. I'll deal the cards. If you win, in 'maybe' 9 months I'll ship you, and sometimes you'll pay for shipping costs, you a $204 drone that includes maybe $50 profit built into it so it is really 'worth' $154. BUT if you lose, I keep your entire $179 today. However, if you don't play the game today, if you can wait one month after a successful campaign (maybe 9 months + 1 month), you are guaranteed to just buy the drone for $204, with consumer rights protections including the ability to dispute your credit card charge, and you'll get free shipping on Amazon, Alibaba, etc. You will also get to read reviews about its performance. Ya know, kinda reminds me of children playing silly games and winning a handful of tickets. Then they turn the tickets in at the counter for a 50cent plastic worm. I will never be suckered into a crowdfunding GAME again unless, here's the exception, and go watch Shark Tank if you don't know what this word is, unless there is skin in the game known as EQUITY in the business. It's fun, I get that, but if you are constantly checking to see if there is a new project so that you can be 1 of the first 100 Super Early Birds (to get the plastic worm), STOP! And you are hiding your behavior from your friends and loved ones. STOP! Wait for the final product to make a decision. If you still like it then, and you have it in your budget, go for it. Stop gambling. And if you are still making excuses that it's not gambling, please talk to someone. I am not talking down on anyone, I got sucked into the game too. But I am soon OUT. You save $25 off msrp on that microdrone. But you stand to lose all of your pledge if they fail. Didn't you guys learn? Sure? Anyone know anything about this micro drone indigogo project Micro Drone 3 !!!! I STILL WANT A DRONE Anyone got any recommendations ? @ robert because you didn't buy a product from their online store, you made a donation to them My issue with not receiving a credit card refund is the product is in existence but the company went bust so goods or services are not received. How is this different to me buying a product from an online store and the company going broke and not delivering? Supporting projects on Kickstarter always has the potential for failure yet we still fund projects in the hope that we will receive something out of it and an innovative solution or a new product will be launched onto the market. That is certainly my philosophy and so whilst unhappy that I have neither a Zano drone nor a refund this was a risk I was prepared to accept from the outset. There was a ray of sunshine the other day when someone reported that they had placed a claim with Tescos credit card for a Chargeback and had a full refund. Having approached American Express today I, and probably other UK based Amex purchasers, will not be receiving a Chargeback refund from Amex. The explanation from their legal team was that crowdfunding initiatives are to provide funds for projects and as you are not actually buying a product you are not covered by normal consumer protection laws. They also said that, unlike Amex, some companies may provide refunds as it could be cheaper than employing people to investigate claims. So to all those complaining, think twice before backing future projects if you can't afford to lose the money and ultimately try contacting your credit card supplier you might just be luckier then me. Good luck all. This is fraud and my chargeback is underway, never was a working prototype and no plans to ever fulfil. Fuck you KS Email back from KS refusing to refund their part of the money, they are as bad as the Zano lot, KS is a shit company and Touring are common thieves Has anyone read the fulfillment report Kickstarter put up on it's home page in an effort to belay users concerns? Camel dung would smell better than their conclusions. I guess they decided to spend a small portion of the 5% they got from us by posting some fairy tales and on an "impartial" fiction writer to comment on the Zano project. Hiring a fiction writer to make the advertisement worked when they started the Zano project. So following that logic a fiction writer should be used to convince everyone that our money wasn't actually lost. I will not have my money returned , or of the money ? @Keiichi Nishimura - 非常に残念ですが、クラウドファウンディングを用いた投資詐欺は、現状事例もなく今回の国内での被害者もかなり少ないでしょう。 誰かが国内で訴訟を起こすような場合があれば勿論参加したいところですが... 海外ではクレジットカード会社や法律上保護された一部の国の人だけはなんどか返金がありそうですが、我々は諦めるしかないものと思います。 ・不自然なほどやり取りが多かった ・公開されていた映像が全て加工された映像だった(bbc向けのデモでそもそもまともに飛ばなかった) ・競合他社と同じ展示会に出展していたのに、その際に飛行している映像がひとつも無い(展示会で飛行デモを行えない状態だった) ・まともに飛ばないことがわかっていたのに、プレオーダーをプロジェクト中止発表直前まで募集していた ・プロジェクト中止発表と共にウェブサイトやオンラインストアをクローズ 詐欺であったことはほぼ間違いないですね。 世に出回っていないものへ投資するのですから 努力の末に失敗するリスクがあることは承知していますが、到底納得できませんね。 (むしろ振り返ってみるとバッカーを欺く努力しかしていなかったわけですから...) kickstarterは今回の件で、 規約違反のプロジェクトに対してバッカーを守ることのできるサービスであるという「他社サービスとの差別化チャンス」をふいにしましたね。 Onagofly - looks very scammy / exaggerated features, based on: Fake reviews No video flying Text lifted from Zano project "Fuel Stick", "Intelligent Obstacle Avoidance" - nobody has made a reliable obstacale avoidance using IR sensors. Check out Micro Drone 3.0, this is a much safer bet with a track record of two previous models indiegogo.com/projects/micro-drone-3-0-flight-in-the-palm-of-your-hand--2#/ @ James !!! No Camera !!!! @Mark Penders, when did you opened a dispute? I did it yesterday (by mail with the evidence->order from Kickstarter) and this morning already credited! @Roy Verdegem I did the same with Rabo NL (Rabocard) ... no word yet Can somebody help me as i have asked Paypal for my refund for the amount i have paid for extra stuff They are asking for proof or receipt.. from where i get this.................what document i have to submit to Paypal... @Orlando & 'Wonga. Re Yr reported messages from Kickstarter Integrity, I think that they are signing off their messages with a very intriguing Team Name given recent 'service' and updates performed by Kickstarter itself - I wonder what their internal remit regarding 'Integrity' might be? FYI, I opened a dispute at my CC-company ING-NL, and for now I received my money, conditionally. They will now contact Kickstarter and further investigate, which could take about 8 weeks. Keep you posted. Damn wrong investment ... China company can do better Free shipping Multifunction mini UAV aerial remote control airplane 1080p K2 Self artifact rc quadcopter drones GPS/A key return <url>私も残念ですが諦めざるを得ないと思っています。 彼らが意図してこのような結果に終わらせたのかどうかの判断は難しいでしょう。 もしそうであるならばとても巧妙な計画です。 このプロジェクトに投資して少し不安だったのはアップデートがやたらと多いこと、出資者が多くやたらとコメントが入ったためとはいえ多すぎる（丁寧すぎる点と意味のないアップデート） これは出資者の不安を払拭しキャンセルを防ぐ為ではなかったのか？などと考えました。 私の偏見ですが海外では顧客目線での対応があまり良くないです。 私はこれまでKickstarterやindiegogoでいくつかの出資をしてきましたが今回のような状況は初めてです。 リスクのある投資ですから結果がどうであれ内容に納得できるものであってほしかったですね indiegogoとは違いKickstarterではプロジェクト終了までの間であれば簡単にキャンセルできるので本当に商品化できるのか本当に期待できる商品なのかよく考えなければと思います。 経験上、今まで手にしたものは期待した以上のものはなかったな～ While generally not a fan of bigger government and more regulation, has anyone contacted a US Senator, US Congressman, or Attorney General to complain about a Kickstarter system that guarantees them their money and puts the backers at risk? Perhaps legislation is needed to protect backers in situations like these since Kickstarter will not offer it. @Keiichi Nishimura - 無論「諦めたくない気持ち」は皆あると思います（私も含め）。 ただ、Kickstarterが「リスクの有るプロジェクトに対する個人投資のサービス」と考えると、 仕方が無いという気持ちも湧きます。 Torquing Group Ltdが 現在 噂されているように「狙った失敗」であるならば、個人が取り返せる 可能性は非常に厳しいとも予測されます。 自分個人としては、今回のProject発足時の説明を見て「小型・軽量のDronが屋外の風の影響を 受けても、参考映像の様に安定出来るのか？」と違和感を感じていました。 これに対して「何らかの技術で解決するのだろう」と漠然とした簡単な判断で行ってしまった投資だったので、コノような結果になった事は「納得（やっぱりな）」と「落胆（革新的な解決技術は 現状では無い）」な気持ちです。 私には今回のKSでの投資は初めての投資でした。 その結果、この様な結論が得られたためKickstarterでの最後の投資とします。 その意味では、今回の出来事は私に「個人ベースの投資サービスの難しさ」「自身の経験を知識を重んじる」事を学ばせてくれた印象的な出来事でした。 Orlando, I got the same response, proceeding with this action. IMO this is what credit card protection is all about. I consider this fraud. It looks that kickstarter onlu gets involved when it hurts in his pockets. I recently started a charged back for this fiasco of a project and i just got this email from "Kickstarter integrity" Kickstarter has received a dispute or chargeback for your £199 pledge to “ZANO - Autonomous. Intelligent. Swarming. Nano Drone.” The pledge was marked as “Product Unacceptable.” We understand your frustration with this project. While Kickstarter is a system where projects sometimes fail, the level of transparency and communication provided by this creator has been unsatisfactory. Pledging to a project is helping bring a creative idea closer to life, not buying a product that already exists. We expect chargebacks to be reserved solely for transactions that are credit card fraud, which does not appear to be in dispute in this case. We would ask that you please keep this in mind as you use our site. Thank you for your understanding and cooperation. Best, Kickstarter Integrity 皆さんどう考えてるのでしょうか、これは諦めるしかないのでしょうか、、、。かなり迷惑な話ですね。 But ? when paying by Pay-Pal, and the time of delivery, it's seem safe for me !!! About ONAGOfly I agree with others to be very careful until we see real life video & trusted independent reviews. Search for this project on Kickstarter from May this year "ONAGO drone" this is a bigger drone with legs but almost identical features. Also the photo of the App in use & the mock up photo of it following the snow boarder are 99.9% Identical. But the project was cancelled by the Creators. Hmm Also I've sent them 2 emails with a list of questions & asked them to respond to me on their FB posts but no reply as yet. Definitely Buyer Be Aware until we know more. Nobody would be as pleased as me if this turns out to be true as if so I would snap one up in a heartbeat!. ONAGOfly , i will only be interested with this drone if it is already in the hands of 12,074 people and confirmed it's real, like in the.... promotional video ?? hmmm... they should use the background music - "One Afternoon" by Scott & Brendo :) Yeah. Look no offence but if anyone is seriously considering or even backs the indiegogo project and it goes south well..... What's the saying? Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me. Just be careful..... Guys please be careful with that on ago fly project too,there's no videos of the actual drone flying and they clearly state no-refund for pre-orders! How is it possible that they have a drone ready and in production for February delivery and no video at all? Just mock ups and promises? The only serious one seems to be the micro drone 3.0! Be careful people, we already got fooled once!! thanks to kickstarter i would not be backing Anogofly or be using anyother crowdfunding platform, i rather buy it when its officially released. Hope you guys arent falling for that ANOGOFLY drone.... lol this is what I got from NOstarter when I put in a dispute with my CC Kickstarter has received a dispute or chargeback for your £149 pledge to “ZANO - Autonomous. Intelligent. Swarming. Nano Drone.” The pledge was marked as “Product not received.” We understand your frustration with this project. While Kickstarter is a system where projects sometimes fail, the level of transparency and communication provided by this creator has been unsatisfactory. Pledging to a project is helping bring a creative idea closer to life, not buying a product that already exists. We expect chargebacks to be reserved solely for transactions that are credit card fraud, which does not appear to be in dispute in this case. We would ask that you please keep this in mind as you use our site. Thank you for your understanding and cooperation. Best, Kickstarter Integrity its laughable Just backed the Indiegogo project, because PayPal was possible, which saved me more than 200 pounds in the KS project. Obviously this KS fulfilment report was compiled before the third most successfully funded KS project ever, and the biggest ever in Europe project went tits-up. How lucky am I that the biggest KS failure by far, is one I've backed. I'd be interested in buying a ONAGOfly, but TG got all my drone budget! @Robert was right on the mark when he wrote "KS is a business, it has no heart, the only way to reach out and touch it is via financial means or to impact it's business model and reputation" We need to make sure Kickstarter is burned good over this debacle. I don't see how anyone would give their hard earned money to Kickstarter if they knew what happened to us and how Kickstarter did absolutely nothing to protect or lessen the loss to it's customers in the face of an obvious fraud. if you pre-order <url>"guaranteed on time delivery". It does a lot for $199.00. and has free shipping to many places. I won't do any program again without credit card protection...so that eliminates Kickstarter. Just backed !!!! Meanwhile..... Check out ONAGOfly: The Smart Nano Drone on #indiegogo! <url>"backers" at Kickstarter have no added protection, and therefor, essentially as Kickstarter would like to view it, backers are benefactors. The Kickstarter fee affords no protection and therefor Kickstarter adds zero value to the transactions on this web site. That is what has amounted from this project. Kickstarter is a for profit company taking money from the masses and distributing it to other for-profit entities in exchange for absolutely nothing at all. The only way for this snowball to not tumble and grow is to effectively change the business model. Either the Kickstarter fee needs to go towards insuring the backers (especially if the independent report of failure rate has any shred of truth) or an equity interest for backers needs to be part of the transaction so that risk and reward are rebalanced. I'd like to add that Kickstarter seemingly out of the blue published to the front page of their web site the unbiased, independent, third party, no fraud involved "The Kickstarter Fulfillment Report" that miraculously verifies that Kickstarter is the most wholesome community on Earth and that when projects fail, you get your money back and we see no reason to not use Kickstarter in the future. Trust us, it came from the University of Pennsylvania (my alma mater, who will do anything for money, and undoubtedly this is somehow connected to Wharton, who are experts in money making schemes by the way...oh wow, Ethan Mollick is a professor in management at Wharton...what are the chances). Anyone care to go down this rabbit hole? Can't imagine he has his hands in anyone's pocket at Kickstarter...no, it's independent analysis. Still not getting the difference between a pre-order and a reward For me a reward has variability and is at the discretion of the company. In this case torquing group could have rewarded us with a Zano of any colour as thanks or even nothing at all. However, the Kickstarter method is a shopping list. A backer chooses what he wants in return for money. In effect we are pre-ordering a product and expect it to be delivered. In a backers case there is a longer than normal delivery time for the product but in effect we have bought the product. Paying upfront like we do just means the company can go and build the things and backers are more patient. If I buy something new via preorder I do nearly the same thing I do via Kickstarter, just with two big differences: 1. Kickstarter does not get any money out of it 2. The chances to get a refund (via PayPal or CC companies) if nothing is delivered are WAY higher, since I'm not a backer, but a regular customer So I see no logical cause to use Kickstarter for such projects as Zano in the future. I have no rights as an investor plus Kickstarter does nothing more than to provide a website and does not even intervene on behalf of their users. Unless this journalist talks to new people behind the scenes at TG what can he really conclude that we don't already know? We backed it with our cash and the company never delivered on their promises. Without the follow me function I would never have committed £244 for this drone and accessories - I simply wanted something to follow me when I was skiing and at my wedding in New York this September and that was it. What did I get in return from TG and Kickstarter - nothing but silence and bull crap - and then the headache of talking to credit card companies and PayPal. I feel extra sorry for the pre-order customers who were royally shafted (oh sorry I have to be polite on here) by the company when they knowingly took on new cash orders before shipping to backers and then delivered drones that did not fly and in the case of iOS did not even have a working app. A catalogue of mis-direction and misleading video and verbal communication. And the people at CES and the various digital platform media should really look at themselves for awarding this product best at CES etc when no one saw it do the basic things it was advertised to do in the promo literature and videos. Hell they even used the excuse of having their laptop stolen which meant they could not fly it so why did it get awards for innovation, best product, best for iPhone etc. Total bull crap (oops there I go again). @Rupert - I think what you outlined to Mark is the fundamental issue here. KS created an environment where they get their money upfront, do dubious amounts of vetting and monitoring creator credibility and progress whilst truly shafting backers with the ridiculous premise that they are buying into the dream of making something non-existent happen and hence shouldn't expect much rights which as we are painfully finding here is a load of rubbish if you ask me. Under these terms a rational backer would have to be crazy to back a project, take so many of the risks for very little return when successful projects make it into retail anyway often very shortly after or even sometimes during a campaign at a price which is not materially different than most of the campaign prices. As a buyer, consumer one gets full rights as opposed to close to nothing as a backer. Major flaws if you ask me that KS will have to fix somehow for the success and survival of the concept. I'm out until then as is the case with many other backers here and likely other botched campaigns as well. I am not surprised at KS's response to us as the apple (is that a pun?) does not fall far from the tree. Did KS learn from Torquing on how to ignore backers or did Torquing learn from KS on how to ignore backers. Who was mirroring whom. In the end by not hiring a lawyer almost a month ago or a PR firm, KS has saved a bunch of money. The short of the long is, in reality, what has it really cost KS in insufficiently backed projects that give KS absolutely zero income and cost the project people to have wasted 3 months on phantom funding caused by 12,075 backers withdrawing funding wholesale from projects still trying to raise money!! So how much has KS alone lost, by refusing under all suggestions, to be proactive. All that was required was for one of the principals to put their finger in the dike. Now KS will have to bring out the heavy costly machinery to reduce the fallout if they are able to recover from this fiasco. -30- Seems to me like the original promo video used creative editing and the actual functionality was never developed before the video was created. The creators most likely thought by getting enough funds would allow them to create the functionality that was proposed. That is what it looks like to me and we were all duped. I am no longer going to hand out my hard earned money this easily again for any other Kickstarter campaign. Bob The issue I see right now is this. Only the original promo video is where we see the ZANO fly as indicated in the campaign suggests to me that the original promo video is not real. All the shots in the video show the ZANO either flying up out of the cameras frame or into the cameras frame. Then other videos are stitched together to made it look like it does what Torquing claims the ZANO does. There is no continuous shot showing even one functionality being performed in the promo video. <url>� Woah woah, A journalist!?!? GUYS WE'RE SAVED!! EVERYTHING IS GONNA BE FINE =D Um, But it is fraud...? If kickstarter doesnt even know what the eff is going on, Lol and 2.3mill is missing with nothing to show...? Getting a 3rd journalist to research is loads of rubbish and only trying to pacify the angry backers. Nice try. Just return everyone the money! Money talks. KS is just doing the minimal to "show" they are "helping" the backers and community. Are you kidding everyone here? I got my chargeback from my credit card back into my account a couple of days ago. Then this evening I got this crappy email from Kickstarter. Only time they get in touch with me after numerous emails is when money involved. No more Kickstarter for me Kickstarter Integrity (Kickstarter) Dec 8, 5:17 PM Hi Rod, Kickstarter has received a dispute or chargeback for your £149 pledge to “ZANO - Autonomous. Intelligent. Swarming. Nano Drone.” The pledge was marked as “Product Not Received.” We understand your frustration with this project. While Kickstarter is a system where projects sometimes fail, the level of transparency and communication provided by this creator has been unsatisfactory. Pledging to a project is helping bring a creative idea closer to life, not buying a product that already exists. We expect chargebacks to be reserved solely for transactions that are credit card fraud, which does not appear to be in dispute in this case. We would ask that you please keep this in mind as you use our site. Thank you for your understanding and cooperation. Best, Kickstarter Integrity I reached out to Mark Harris. I think there is a fundamental issue at heart here - once you take away the emotions of whether Zano lied, misled etc etc. My point to Mark was as follows: As a backer of Zano through Kickstarter, we were apparently neither investors in the company, or creditors in the liquidation of the company, and as such had no recourse when the company failed. I am not a lawyer but I find the fact that a company can raise over £2m and none of that money raised is accountable legally or in any other form, raises serious doubts about the Kickstarter vehicle. To all intents and purposes, whether you find the company has mis-managed the funds or not, the fact that the thousands of backers, behind millions of pounds of funding, can be disregarded entirely, raises serious questions that need to be met, if the crowdfunding model is to survive. I don’t know if this is Kickstarter’s issue, a government legislative issue or what, but Kickstarter should be seriously concerned, because once this reality comes to light widely, no one in their right mind would back a project in this way. It simply doesn’t make sense and raises serious questions over the viability of Kickstarter, and other crowdfunding platforms, going forward. @adchesney. Your request noted. Given the choice between an explanation (paid for with our money) or a properly carried out, legally ratified, impartial investigation, it's an easy choice. For the UK based, make sure you fill out the Trading Standards form, to ensure a correctly resourced, legally binding review of the matter that has the potential outcome of pursuing any wrongdoing (should it have occurred). Make sure you contact your bank regarding the payment too. KS is a business, it has no heart, the only way to reach out and touch it is via financial means or to impact it's business model and reputation. @David Dennis, are you happy to share any more information as my HSBC are being difficult, I spent £669 for three ZANOS, I'd be happy for you to email me at <email> (should be active in a few hours) ANY information would be great. ANDREW For me, it's too little and too late. Kickstarter, you've stuck your head in the sand and consistently failed to be proactive while this project slipped further and further into the gutter. In my own case, I note the many emails that I submitted and you ignored, the questions I asked that you did not respond to. Based on other comments made here and elsewhere, I believe that I am not the only one to receive such poor service. Now you have asked a third party to investigate, so what? There's quite a few journalists (and lawyers) who appear to be already on the case. When (or if) this investigation reports back, I'll read it like all the rest of the reports but I think that's all the cooperation you'll get from me at present. I'm only waiting for some other funded projects to complete their delivery to me but otherwise I'm not too keen on backing any new ones via Kickstarter given the 'customer support' experience recently experienced. Just and FYI to all, I filed a claim with American Express in the US and it took them 30 days but I got my refund today. As already stated provide them with as much info as you can outlining delivery dates not being adhered to and outline that the product promised was not delivered nor will it ever be due to the company going out of business I then followed up with a copy of the last update with info of the liquidation. Good luck all . It sounds as though KS may actually have listened to us... as they should Dear Kickstarter, this is a precedent ! You Must Change ! @Kickstarter - thanks for the recent update. I am glad to see you take this action. Let's hope this a sign of greater participation on your part in ensuring the success of future projects and developing new diligence procedures to protect both your backer and creator community. What about that ??? Dear Zano backers: We're writing today to let you know that we've hired Mark Harris, a freelance technology journalist who has written for the Guardian and the Economist, to find out what happened with the Zano project. We have asked Mark to look into the history of the project, how the funds were spent, and whether there were things that could have been done differently. He has written a post explaining the assignment here. This will be an independent report — Kickstarter will not have any influence over what he writes. Upon completion of his research sometime next month, his findings will first be shared with you and then with the public. We believe that a full account of what happened will be helpful to you and to the wider community of hardware creators. We encourage you to cooperate with Mark and this project. We have urged the Zano creators to do the same. He has set up a special email address for this project: <email>. He says that while he may not reply to all messages, he will read them and is eager to hear from backers. Thank you, Kickstarter Why did we get this only per email and why is it not posted here ? Does this has any relevanz to the financial desaster for the backers ? Does this have any impact on the behaviour of KS vs. the backers ? Is this a confession of KS , that they missed their duty to have an eye on the project ? Did any one read that email that KS sent about hiring an independent journalist to find out what happened with Zano? Quite frankly they can kiss my tuccus. Instead of doing that they need to revamp their policies on vetting creators and preventing or minimizing this from ever happening. @David Dennis, No issues & Thanks for your reply I must have missed that. @Gizmo. Sorry for the delay in responding, not monitoring these Comments as often as I used to. My earlier message had stated that it was a LLoyds MasterCard that I had used (so MasterCard's base rules applied to my own dispute). That said, both MasterCard and Visa cards will probably follow the same rules as applicable under UK/EU law. It's on indiegogo and as you can see on this page <url>"onagofly". suspect infos....zano-like. i think, we have to be carefully with "onagofly"! see <url>"Hey, My bank says I should have informed them with a letter within 60 days of the charge made by kickstarter... Anything you guys did differently to have received the money back" Backers you might want to see this! <url>~~~ Just initiated a chargeback with Visa. Lets see how it goes... Brazilian card here. 日本人です。 So if we all request a chargeback from KS they will lose all the money? That would be interesting. Instead of the project raising 2m, it actually would take 2m from KS and 1m+ from suppliers. I guess KS will only do something and be more accountable if we all request refunds and they start to lose too much $$$ Hi David, great know that Lloyds are considering your claim through Kickstarter, I also used a Lloyds credit card and I have just received a letter stating for me to send all relevant details to them, which I intend on sorting out later today. HI all Anyone from Canada able to get a refund from their credit card company? Thanks Wish you all well but there is little point in me monitoring this project any further now. Lesson learned and I don't think I will be backing any new high value projects via Kickstarter but may consider some lower value projects for supplier's with a proven prior fulfilment record. Luckily most of my other funded Kickstarter projects appear to be largely on track although I have one other technology project which has slipped a little on delivery (Tiko 3D Printer) but.... 1. They have been much more communicative. Ongoing responses to Kickstarter comments and an active support forum plus routine monthly updates provided on Kickstarter (without being chased). 2. They have committed to delivering to backers first, no pre-orders are being accepted. 3. They do not wish to ship before product is fully ready and it looks like there is only 1 more component to get resolved at present. Zano team, please note the significant differences between their fulfilment path and yours.... So, a final bye from me regarding this project but I certainly wish good luck to all of you in getting your individual refunds. @Stuart - nice one! Congrats on getting your money back. I'm still waiting to hear from Tesco Bank re: my section 75, so your news makes me more positive about my own claim :) If you live in the UK and paid by Credit Card - Contact your card company for a claim form under Section 75 of the Consumer Credit Act - I have just received a full refund of £174.00 - Result! If you are not buying back my money changed! Got money back from rabobank CC. 居ますよ。 同じく。 I don't expect to hear anything positive from Kickstarter any more, their emails continue to suggest that Torquing is responsible (so no real solution there given that Torquing are entering into receivership and we will be well down the list for any restitution (if any due at all, legally)). I'm having better luck with my CC (Lloyds/MasterCard) and have already been credited for my later Zano online order. They are also sounding positive about the payment made via Kickstarter but, given the time elapsed, they have had to call forward my archived payment records before they can proceed - apparently a key issue is the date of expected delivery (June 15) and the delays subsequently notified by Torguing which slipped their delivery dates into Sep 15 and beyond into Nov 15, etc.. On the basis of my recent discussions with my CC company, it sounds like I may get suitable reimbursement but time will tell. So, very negative thoughts about Torquing (Definitely) and Kickstarter (Definitely) but more positive thoughts about my PayPal and CC providers (well done Lloyds). @Luke Sullivan - as time goes on and more and more is revealed, I believe that we have been lied to almost from the very start, which is tantamount to planning to fail. No news？ Anyone has Chase bank and got refunded? I tried and they wouldn't let me Has anyone had any joy with a credit card refund with HSBC? Thanks for the update. Although I only live a few miles away from torquing group I couldn't attend the meeting as a backer. It sounds like they broke Kickstarter's terms though as they agreed to keep backers informed about the software issues mentioned which they never did. So when are they going to be prosecuted for trading whilst insolvent ? Weren't the last few retail orders taken when they had started the process to go into voluntary insolvency. That at least would prevent them running a company again. @Keiichi Nishimura - ここにも居ます This user's account has been deleted. @Keiichi Nishimura - ここにも居ますよ。 Thanks Doug and Andy for keeping participating the meeting and for keeping us informed. At least we have some knowledge now where the money went and what is left over. Even though chances are zero that we will receive anything, the uncertainty has been fed with information. Thanks again to all backers who participated Friday's meeting and updated us. I think its over and out. They have won the lotto. In Belgium,40% of the people who win the lotto ,their lives become a disaster! same here I believe. The whole compaign on kickstarter was a blow up hype from both sides. There are hundreds of drone enthousiasts who invent their own drone. But to make it happen for 20000 drones at a pricepoint of 200 euros is another case...... I was looking for a video drone. maybe in spring I will have enough for the bebop 2....... the best for everybody........ There's an update about the meeting here. <url>居ますよ。 It's time to start an anti KS campaign. Let's make sure someone pays more in lost revenue than we lost as donors. I have just had confirmation from my credit card company that they have reversed the charge it only took a week or so! I would highly recommend that anyone who has paid using their credit card to contact them and raise a dispute! I am really done with this Kickstarter things. Out of 8 I have backed, I have only received 2 only. Kickstarter, you should do better jobs to protect backers. Take a little responsibilities if you want people to trust and back the projects! @DerHuette - no, we all have the same chance. It's just that some backers have gone to the creditors meeting today to try and get all of us a better chance. We've all known that the meeting would be today, since the update announcing the insolvency was posted here. Out of 12,075 backers, only a small number seem to have been motivated enough to try to come together and do anything - but whatever is done is, as far as practical, on behalf of all backers. You emailed the liquidator, Stones, if I recall, so you have done your bit too. Now we wait to see what has happened today, and what, if anything, we can do next. Things getting weird and worse. Only backers who read the comments yesterday afternoon have a chance to get money back?? F**** I missed to appoint Andy / Doug my proxy. Dammed two day not reading this comment section and I missed this one. Nevertheless keeping my fingers crossed for all who did appoint a proxy it during this short time frame. Kick some a***s today. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Could anyone inform me? I'm from Indonesia and I had pledged £174 for this ZANO. What should I do? I don't understand anything you guyz talk about proxy and other things. Please contact me via sitojohan(at)yahoo(dot)com Please.. この中に日本人の方はいませんか⁉︎ Respect to Doug & Andy for attending today on our behalf's. Hopefully the reporter from the Independent will also be there to get the full story. I could be wrong but I very much doubt that anyone from Kickstarter will be there to support our interests. I see now from The Gazette that all three companies have Creditor meetings today - 12pm, 1pm & 3pm. Busy day! @Paul McClave - my bad, I thought it was 10am. Perhaps they'll get lunch! @ ukpetey. I agree, we should all be very grateful for Andy and Doug, that they have taken time out of their busy schedules to attend the meeting on behalf of all the Kickstarter Backers. The meeting is not until 1pm today, so we wont hear anything for a while yet. Creditors meeting time is now upon us, and we are fortunate to have some representation in the meeting. They'll be taking their seats about now, so lets send our thanks for taking the time to attend, and for reporting back after on their findings. PS: time.... I received my letter from Stones & Co in Austria 3nd Dec...the letter was stamped with 27.11. I got my post after coming home from work @ 16:30.... so in short this short timeperiod to be able to react is complete unacceptable. Finally I sent my documents 2:30am today morning.... it was delivered before todays meeting... it looks like this short timeschedule is part of the lousy game... I had to fiddle some time last night with the emailadress. the address itself I used was/is correct, I attached the pdf zipped... the zip file was the issue... rebuild the pdf to smaller size (7>4mb) and sent than the 4mb pdf attachment. Here I did no longer receive errors.... @Hanmer +1 @Robert Roll nicely worded response to KS. Like you'll be needing their site anymore once you get your money back. There's nothing more infuriating that receiving a canned reply to a complaint. I'm done with KS. I got an email regarding a product that previously I would have backed in a heartbeat. Very cool item and loved how it was presented. Sad to say, I can't bring myself to back a project after having been scammed by this project. I am sure that I am not the only one who is not backing projects due to what these criminals did and because of how the matter is being handled here. KS, its not enough to say things were not handled well by TQ. Right now many view KS like politicians that may talk a lot, but don't actually address the root of the problem rather than the symptoms. Loss of future revenue and negative publicity are now bigger problems for KS than this campaign. @Georg Kaefer - Though the deadline is over, I believe your problem was with the (') ['<email>]<<< wrong... it should be without the (') like this [<email>]<<< correct I had no issue, but I bet their mail box filled up. Not very professional, especially at the rate they are charging. any error by sending the pdf to <email> ??? I get: '<email>: SMTP error from remote server for RCPT TO command, host: btconnect-com.mail.eo.outlook.com (213.199.154.87) reason: 550 5.4.1 ['<email>]: Recipient address rejected: Access denied I sent my document some minutes ago to Stones & Co. I provided Andy Sarfas as my proxy-holder ... for my 359£ white zano doublepack... Georg This is the latest gall: DISPUTE. So let’s use some of your words then, since KS has chosen to have little communication with the 12,075 who pledged to support an apparently fraudulently project to which KS had contracted with and provided little if no due diligence. “Product unacceptable.” because the project was sham. I pledged for a particular Drone to go into production shortly not for months and months of BS research and not for “transparency and communication provided by this creator has been unsatisfactory.” and therefore broke the contract. WE WERE SHOWN THAT THERE ALREADY WAS “a creative idea closer to life”, as we were funding the production of a displayed KNOW proven product. “We expect chargebacks to be reserved” We also expect some kind of protection form KS while the contract is clearly being broke. “does not appear to be in dispute” Your behavior and lack of interest in 12,075 backers pledging in good faith is in dispute and is beginning to smell like a class action. “please keep this in mind as you use our site” You don’t have to worry about me using your site any more. Over 50 backings and probably a lot more than $7,000 and I am through backing with NO support at all from KS. So thanks for your kind message. The credit card company was given all of the information and backup and is reversing the transaction. It has been reported and is completely in their hands. “Kickstarter Integrity” really??? Thanks, but no thanks for your canned message xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Hi Robert, Kickstarter has received a dispute or chargeback for your £374 pledge to “ZANO - Autonomous. Intelligent. Swarming. Nano Drone.” The pledge was marked as “Product unacceptable.” We understand your frustration with this project. While Kickstarter is a system where projects sometimes fail, the level of transparency and communication provided by this creator has been unsatisfactory. Pledging to a project is helping bring a creative idea closer to life, not buying a product that already exists. We expect chargebacks to be reserved solely for transactions that are credit card fraud, which does not appear to be in dispute in this case. We would ask that you please keep this in mind as you use our site. Thank you for your understanding and cooperation. Best, Kickstarter Integrity @David Noble too late but still work a try you got nothing to lose Just realised that this is the 365th day since I backed this project - for some reason I can't think of anything to celebrate about this sad fact....... A very negative year in KS terms. :-( Doug and Andy- thank you for doing this for us. I just emailed my forms to the stones email address declaring you as my proxies. Please let me know if you need anything else. Received this from Kickstarter - not impressed! Kickstarter has received a dispute or chargeback for your £174 pledge to “ZANO - Autonomous. Intelligent. Swarming. Nano Drone.” The pledge was marked as “Product not received". We understand your frustration with this project. While Kickstarter is a system where projects sometimes fail, the level of transparency and communication provided by this creator has been unsatisfactory. Pledging to a project is helping bring a creative idea closer to life, not buying a product that already exists. We expect chargebacks to be reserved solely for transactions that are credit card fraud, which does not appear to be in dispute in this case. We would ask that you please keep this in mind as you use our site. Thank you for your understanding and cooperation. Best, Kickstarter Integrity Is it too late to get Doug / Andy to be a proxy ? I raised my fraud report with the fraud office, they got back to me in less than 24 hours which surprised me. The focus of my report was related to the video and KS assigning this as a "staff pick". @Thomas Nah, Kickstarters been too busy sending emails to people who've raised disputes and chargebacks telling them that "Pledging to a project is helping bring a creative idea closer to life, not buying a product that already exists" to realise this is a mess of their making. Hopeful once the truth come out there might be a storm of internet and real stories about this and it forces kickstarter to do something about it. But really it will take at least about 10 maybe 20 Million pound projects before this happens. This is just the first of a long line of projects that will fail. Been a backer for a long time. backed a lot of projects. This is.... surprisingly badly managed, not only by KS but also by TQ (obviously). I understand that there is no guarantee that products are created or shipped, however I believe that a lot of the evidence pointed towards utter incompetence by TQ, especially considering the funding they have received. If this was a misleading deal or not, is still up for debate, although looking quite likely. Now I believe this is not only a loss for us backers, (Having pledged hundreds of pounds for this farce of an affair), but also a real blow to the crowd-funding phenomenon. For this reason alone, Kickstarter should not be silent on the matter. What a shame. And shame on you TQ and KS. Rann A big thanks to Andy Sarfas and Doug Conran for sortting this out. Kickstart you get no thanks from me because you have been utter useless in this whole mess. The good news is The independent (a major UK newspaper) are looking to write a story on this at the weekend so at least you'll get some publicity from this. now the deadline is up (4pm GMT), so please stopping send <email> any further emails and please certainly DO NOT send/post any further abusive or threating comments/emails. I here Gary Stones has some concerns about the theats he has read on here and is worries tomorrow. I also here the police have been informed and could attend tomorrow just incase 12,000 angry backers turn up. I made Andy my proxy with Doug the backup. Backer with 219GBP @Doug Conan - I've applied you as proxy, pure backer of 225GBP. GOOD LUCK TOMORROW! It'll be no good complaining after the event! Andy Sarfas and Doug Conran plan to be at tomorrow's creditors meeting. Now is the time to submit your proxy form and creditors claim to Stones, giving your proxy to someone who will be at the meeting. Andy and Doug will be there, so unless you know anyone else attending, perhaps you might consider these guys? Don't wait until it's too late.... Thanks to everybody who has already submitted their creditors claims and proxies, great work fellow backers :) Form submitted. Pledged £328. Good luck. Thanks to Andy & Doug. Emailed form to Stones naming Doug Conran and Andy Sarfas as proxies. Amount is £211.50 Good look tomorrow! you got 15 minutes to get the forms in. Everyone. Please fill in this form, 4 pm (GMT). <url>… with andy sarfas as your proxy then email the forms to <email> THIS IS VERY IMPORT. WITHOUT THIS THE BUSBYs, IVAN and REECE GETTING ALL THE LEFT OVER CASH Done....!! Yep, Doug you are my proxy - done. Emailed forms to Stones too. Good luck tomorrow and it'll be very interesting to see what actually comes out! Emailed the form! Emailed form to Stones naming Doug Conran and Andy Sarfas as proxies. Amount is £540 for Family Pack. Thank you Doug and Andy. Thanks Doug/Andy. Form completed and emailed. I hope the meeting goes well and we all owe you a debt for representing us. I think the Inland Revenue and HSBC may get the lions share (if there is anything left) but at least the debts will be registered at the meeting. Guys, this is getting really important now. We don't have nearly enough voting power at the moment and so everyone, and I mean EVERYONE, needs to nominate Andy (on Facebook) or myself (on www.zanoforum.com) to be their proxy, even if you can't do it by 4pm today. For those going onto the forum, your first post will have to be approved but it will be and then I can PM me email address to you. done Sent (Kamil Rezac) CALLING EVERYONE, your are all entitled to cast your proxy vote to andy or Doug if you backed on kickstarter for a zano. You have until today at 4pm (GMT) to get this done or the creditor and including the busby walk away with any left over cash. @Thomas Day But you've done it ,o) @all only 2h and 20 minutes left! Hurry up.. BTW I've done nothing, Andy and Doug are the real stars, I've just spammed this fourm and others with the detials. Everyone. Please fill in this form, 4 pm (GMT). <url>… with andy sarfas as your proxy then email the forms to <email> THIS IS VERY IMPORT. WITHOUT THIS THE BUSBYs, IVAN and REECE GETTING ALL THE LEFT OVER CASH @Doug Conran / Andy Sarfas / Thomas Day Thanks for all your Help. Greetings from germany @Doug Conran / Andy Sarfas - You have my proxy for the meeting and I've just emailed all the documents over to Mr Stones. I backed and over-pledged for a total of £204.00. Thanks again for all of your efforts and good luck for the meeting tomorrow. John Pegg @Thomas Day - Many thanks for the info you've provided on here to hopefully help us get something back. Everyone. Please fill in this form, 4 pm (GMT). <url>£253.00. Thanks again for all of your efforts and good luck for the meeting tomorrow. David Kemp both Doug Conran and Andy Sarfas are going to the meeting so either person or both on the forms works for me. Why I choose Andy is because he has already been to see gary stones at his offices. Also both the BBC and The Independent wnat to interview these guys before the meeting. Guessing they want to prime them with questions to ask at the meeting. Everyone. Please fill in this form, 4 pm (GMT). <url>’ll be notified that a dispute has been filed, and you’ll be able to provide evidence to help us resolve it in your favor. If the cardholder’s dispute is found valid, you authorize us to charge the credit card number you provided when you started your project for the amount of the chargeback. Obviously, KS are not hurt by Charge-Backs/Transaction Disputes, if it is decided on out favor, KS will simply charge TGL on their Credit Card for any loss... that is sad (because we can't do much harm to KS), but fair I guess (because TGL are the ones who actually and mainly screwed with us)?! Looky what I found. This should open everyone's eyes for those that have not been to this site. Also, does anyone want to guess when we get a reality check from KS? We can form a pool. My 1st guess, very soon after the Dec 4th meeting. 2nd guess, only after there is so much bad press that the 12,075 members of their over million members of KS, becomes more than a mere pimple and starts to affect ALL marginal projects and the KS bottom line. Sorry KS, the plane has left, you will be too late. Too little, too late!!! <url>#comment_19 I just sent the proxy form to Stone. I did indeed received a letter from Stone stating I am a creditor as I have bought accessories. Everyone, your last chance to be heard at Fridays meeting is approaching. Head over to the unofficial Zano forums at www.zanoforum.com you will have to search around a bit, since time is short nobody has yet gotten to sorting things as we might wish, to make it easy. But, everything creditors need is on the site to fill in the proxy forms to get doug conran to take your proxy vote to the meeting. Better yet, he is hoping to get proceedings delayed so we can, collectively, get organised. As someone who is a Brit, and speaks perfect English, it has been hard for me to understand what needs to be done, so for our fellow backers globally, we understand its very difficult. All we can do is say that with short notice, people have tried to help. Its been very difficult, and our best shot is to buy more time. Whatever happens, I'm proud to be part of the Zano community, and its certainly been an experience. Thanks to all, and especially Doug Conran & Andy Sarfas, these guys will be at Fridays meeting if possible, to try to stake our claim. Whatever happens, please know that many folks have spent many hours to try to ensure some sort of justice for us backers. On behalf of 12,075 backers, thank you to all who have assisted. @Kickstarter For a PBC, one would think you know you have at a minimum the ethical responsibility to communicate with us (backers) and help us in some ways. Instead, you are acting no different from all the money loving, sucker the customer companies that you are trying so hard not to be. Maybe we should start calling you "Fickstarter" So I lied and actually backed 1 more project (hey, I'm breaking a KS addiction). I backed FANO. Can't wait to not fly my Zano while wearing my FANO t-shirt. It's for real... <url>"regular" backer. No over pledge and no store purchase. Should I fill out the forms and nominate Doug Conran as my Proxy? I'm happy to do so, but I also don't want to give Doug more to deal with if it doesn't help. What a mess. I have to believe we are creditors and that Stones is a...well let's just say it rhymes with "sucker" which is what I feel like. I just posted something at the BOTTOM of the ZANO Campaign page unde REPORT A PROBLEM. There are a bunch of options. You get kick at the can. I posted: "Videos shown at outset were apparently a fabrication. We pledged money based on the videos and that the projects was proven and going into production and needed production funds. Total lies. otherwise Ivan, Reece and the bubsy's could get the lot and we could be talking 2 million or a a few 100s. We wouldn't know until tomorrow. Everyone you need to head over to www.zanoforum.com for the forms to transfer your proxy vote to andy sarfas This needs to be done before 4pm (GMT) to enable us to stop the left over funds disappearing. How to claim your money back if you are in the UK and you used a Visa debt card card. <url>#what @Emmanuel Tuts - sorry, my bad. It should be www.zanoforum.com @dougconran That link for the zanoforum don't work for me. Wish you the best for friday. Nobody is talking here overEMS. it will be the biggest creditor I think. But they were good mates with our droneboys. I think most of the stock and fabrication cash will go to ems. look out for this construction! @Thomas Day - Fano is a genuine project, and I'm a backer! Going to put a freedom of information request to Gary Stones and a 1984 data protection tomorrow. I wonder what these might find out. @Burak I reported your Kickstarter as a scam and within seconds a support contact said to use the report a scam button on the projects page. What a tool because there is no report a scam button on the iPhone. Kickstarter train your support staff. No wonder you allowed them to do a runner with our cash. Gary Stones, now the news papers are investigating I would be very careful about what you do. Just giving you some advise. Things could get bad for you if there is anything shady going on here. Taken from another forum I'm working on a story about the Torquing Group, for this Sunday's paper, and would be very grateful for a quick word with Doug Conran ahead of Friday's meeting. Thanks and best, Jonathan Owen, Independent on Sunday Looks like someone is going to write an article and this sorry mess. Jonathan if you need any quotes from me I am happy to help, just say I got your email. The main 3 creditors after the bank, hence and staff are Ivan and the other B3rks company but mainly the bubsy companies. Lots of little company owned by them with the express purpose of extracting the left over cash out. Maybe the project wasn't a scam from the start but it is not fair that Zano have engineered this so they get the left over cash and we get duck all. May I know when I can get my back ZANOs ? What is the F stands for ? Funny, fake, fraud, failure or ...? FANO! by Creative Apparel :) <url>"define Zano". Aside from getting a city and such, near the top was a definition from the Urban Dictionary : <url>"zane", which I will let you get too (dates from 2009 !) : <url>£199.............and no bugger seems to be being taken to task for the 'failure'. Thank you @ukpetey, you're the best! @UkPetey Thanks!!! @UkPetey - Very nice just what is needed! I have contacted them along the same lines... waiting to hear back.... Here's what I sent by email to Edwin Coe, if it helps others: "Dear Sirs, I'm a backer of the failed Zano drone, and I feel that I was deliberately deceived into backing the project on Kickstarter due to incorrect claims and spurious videos used in the campaign. I also believe I am a creditor, which the liquidator has denied to us backers en masse, and has not answered my email on the subject requesting clarification, not least on the shipping charge part of my pledge. On this basis, I register my interest with yourselves. Yours faithfully, **your name goes here**" Same with me, @RobLuch and @Bianca van den Berg. My english is not very good, too. I wrote an email anyway. Just to 'register my interest'. Let's see what happens. Something has to be done, but I don't really know what. I agree with @RobLuch. I would like to join the effort but don't know what to write! Hi. Could someone help me write the email to Edwincoe. My English is not good enough, and I do not know which data to send. If someone creates a model of e-mail, it would be helpful for project participants who are not English speakers. Many thanks. Email these guys to register your interest! Let's see if there's anything possible, even if we don't get our money back it might force a change in crowdfunding!!! <url>£184.95 feed the dog? Is anyone going to the meeting? If so, please let us all know. I reckon it's worth filling in the creditor forms and assigning you as a proxy! So, where is our zano? if you cannot send the goods, you should send our money back! I am done with KickStarter as well. The system does not protect the interest of the backers. The system let the backers fends for themselves and feed them to the "wolves". Also done with Kickstarter for any new projects. Given that KS is now a "public benefit corporation" and they state "Radically, positive impact on society becomes part of a Benefit Corporation’s legally defined goals.", I wonder how not providing a "radically, positive impact" for over 12,000 backers will affect their PBC status. Done with KS... letting my money speak now with silence. I too will be ending my KS run after 10 projects. Last 2 are delivering now. The confusing communication from the creators & the liquidators with no support or guidance from KS is a damning indictment of Kickstarter's lack of contribution relative to their large fee we all paid them. Apart from a mediocre web & Mobile platform they have added no value in all the projects i have funded and when we really needed them to step up on this one they failed miserably. I've emailed Edwin Coe, nothing to lose really if it's no-win-no-fee. Thursday I'll try the visa debt card charge back. <url>"open" projects I was backing. I've backed 104 projects here on KS including this Zano project, and none of the others were $1 or $5 un-substantial pledges, so I'm not a newbie that is unaware of the ups, down, rewards, and risks of KS projects. Zano got me for £373, not including additional ad-ons on the site. I certainly have no expectation that pledge rewards are the same as a purchase off of Amazon, but this is not my first experience of this kind here on KS, and I'm finally realizing that I can't afford to play this game. No, I'm not calling KS a "gambling" site.... just stating that in essence, funds are moved from my bank account to theirs with zero expectation of anything in return other than the "hope" of "maybe" getting something back, above and beyond the experience of participating. I wish the best to all the folks that financially are able to continue risking similar funds on future KS projects. If KS morphs itself into something else, or if someone else develops a similar crowd sourcing community where the transparency and accountability are just a bit higher..... I just might... Seems like it was doomed from the start though. If they couldn't get them working with £2mill how would they have ever done it with the small initial target @KennethSmith @corofa <url>£189 for a limited edition red ZANO, then £10 delivery. I then added £20 to cover the cost for extra batteries. So my total pledge was £219. Some of the backers had questioned Stones & Co on this matter of over pledged amounts. The only way we will get our money back is if we start a class action lawsuit, but since no one other than me is taking steps towards it I guess there's no point! @corofa - Well I don't know if they're confused at Stones & Co - why was the court order letter changed yesterday to include the exact words - Kickstarter Creditors. What does this definition mean and why mention the word Kickstarter if we're not creditors. The pre-order creditors surely "bought" their "goods" from the FlyZano website and so had nothing to do with Kickstarter. Even if the hit the pre-order page on the KS campaign page, surely they were then re-routed to the Flyzano portal and the transaction was all done through here and not KS. So, I'm all confused at the inclusion of these words Kickstarter Creditors. Anyone out there know what this means and what's really going with the last minute change made to the court papers yesterday afternoon. Someone please help explain. f... me, I am in the wrong business... £60 per hour for an assistant liquidator... and that is the cheapest rate on the rate card.. well if there was ever any money left, this will be sure to drain the balance... as I was wondering why the liquidator has sent us the information. Apologies if we are not all as smart as you... @ never ever again WE ARE NOT CREDITORS!!!!! We don't get a say in that meeting. WHY DOESN'T ANYONE OTHER THAN ME GET IT. Honestly, treating this liquidation seriously for a backer will likely undermine our ability to cohesively bring lawsuit against Kickstarter and Torquring. The liquidation process in my opinion is money laundering pure and simple. This will really wash the hands of Torquring from a legal perspective if we choose to actually engage in the process. In other news, if you have a Capital One credit card they will not help with disputes over 120 days old. Has anyone specifically contacted a group for class action? I saw a mention of it earlier that I followed the link and it looked pretty legitimate. I hate to be satisfied by watching the beginning of the end for Kickstarter, but they really are handling this in the worst of ways. If you are an executive there, the best chance you have to save your company (though I realize you only care for yourself) is to find a way to apologize and reimburse this group of backers for your failure. These were amongst your biggest supporters and will unfortunately become your downfall if you don't take risk management tactics into effect. VW will survive because they are talking to their customers about their fraud. You won't if you continue down this pathway. @Never ever again - check out <url>#52: ZANO..... The password provided for www.thecreditorgateway.co.uk does not work. Ridiculous If kickstarter is considered as creditor, everything's fine. They'll get back the remaining 10000 pounds and will refund 0.8 pound to each backer. this is my first time and will be the last as well as a backer @kickstarter and having very bad experience , kickstarter as a host has to have moral obligation to what happened ,not just receiving commision and gone , What's even more interesting and remarkable is that a new Court Order letter was made at 3.00PM yesterday (30.11.15) and on page 2 the words "Kickstarter Creditors" are used. Whether that is for the pre-orders only, I'm not sure, but something's moved and changed yesterday?!? Go download it and see. It's be great if anyone with a legal background out there can clarify what this actually means and confirm if we as "Kickstarter Backers" are now also considered to be "Kickstarter Creditors" too. I think the status of Zano on the ks page needs to be changed from "funded" to "fraudulent " A note about the web link and password - I think another forum last week said that only one person can be logged in at a time, so persevere. Anyway, there's still confusion as to which companies are actually being liquidated on Friday, but on the website of the UK's "Official Public Record" - "The Gazette", it lists that all of the Torquing companies are to be liquidated, with Torquing Group Ltd being right at the bottom of the list: <url>"tr53wu86tb " 11 key without double apostrophe password is: "tr53wu86tb " 11 key No space also failed. Thing it's because I'm using a mobile. password is: tr53wu86tb and SPACE key Guys we aren't creditors so we won't get a dime. They are only having these updates now to fulfill the obligation to KS to provide info on what's going on. Updates from the liquidation company isn't helping anyone who backed this project. Just never back another project thru this shitty company called Kickstarter. maybe it was Clarkson calling to ask for my zano to help deliver for Amazon. Oh wait can't be Clarkson was fired from the BBC. This whole situation is just a mess of information that contradicts or simply doesn't make sense. So much for the "Clarity" that KS like to say they require of Creators. TBH I don't have the slightest clue what is really going on, I signed the petition last week but frankly I don't have the time to do much else in regards to this. Especially as I don't really understand much of it. Of course I'm pissed off by the whole thing, I backed a project where they had "everything ready" and the money was for "mass production". Then it fails because they try and add features that, while alright, were beyond the product backed and obviously just whimsical dreams of theirs that then didn't work. Now it is all in the air of if I'm a Creditor or not? Some clarity for everything would be nice. P.S had a call from a number I think was watchdog the other day but I missed it. It was a bbc number for sure. Even feel a little sorry for Gary because it wasn't his fault out cash disappeared but he needs to do things by the book or it could be him bankrupt next. As a lot of fuss is being made here fraud cases and trading traders, BBC News. Also he needs to clear up the fact of wether we are backers or not before the 4th. I want to vote on the fact that bubsy get duck all. Gary does the password work on mobile devices? Password failed for me tr5wu86tb What a joke! Where is Kickstarter in all this oh yeah count the dollars they made from this and looking for ways to protect this cash. Shame on you. Also bubsy the investor and sole director of touring is only hanging around so he can claim the left of cash. Legally he is entitled to it. I'll put my momma in it bubsy closed down the zano project because he could not see any return in his investigate and is now looking to get back his original investment from the asserts left in zano. I actually feel sorry for Ivan Reedman who appears to have been shafted here. @ukpetey: That which was sent by KS is wrong. You have to use the one which is in the letter from Jones. @Eccles Kwong: This is exactly the same issue i have and i asked Gary Stones for an explanation. @Gary Stones - so is project update #50 now Incorrect? Are "backers" now considered creditors? I ask here as you have not answered my emails challenging your understanding of "backers" status as per update #50. Please respond so we "backers" can understand our legal position. Thank you. So now we get the notice from the from the lawyer who represent who? I'm still confused as to who is running this. I'm not sure about giving my proxy to this guy who didn't want us in the room in the first place! Kickstarter, Could you tell me why Torquing Robotics Limited bankrupt related to this project? We are backing TQ group. Why you passed our $$ to Torquing Robotics Limited?? There is something wrong and misleading from this project. It seem KS and TQ are playing game with us. Don't foul us. We can make this 3 million. We can make another 3million for lawsuits. The password worked for me. So does this mean now that backers are classed as creditors, as we have said we should be? Does this mean we are now able to attend the meeting? Clear as mud! Looks like they want to take the easy way and just ignore more than 2 million GBP. Is there anybody in the UK who could get the UK press involved reporting how liquidation is treating crowdfunding? @Kickstarter: How about acting proxy for 12.075 backers? Just posting it here is not enough. There are 12k angry people here so everything needs to be by the book. Lol, Gary stone told me I could not go as a backer. No I see this on the Kickstarter web site. What a mess step in Kickstarter and start to earn the commission you made from allowing zano to steal our money. I.E. Call Gary Stones and challenge him on this matter. Before it's too late. But as always we will get this Note Silence. P.s Gary stones if you have changed your mind and I am a creditor them where is my letter. It has to be sent my post. The password given (tr5wu86tb) to access the Creditor Gateway's document is NOT VALID !!! this is the last .."gift" for us !! Notice to creditors: This info coming from KS is tbh crap, as the password is not working. So could you please share valuable information and not soemthing like this ! @Serge Ecoiffier - welcome back! Thanks for your excellent and insightful comments. As you said in your last paragraph - we are very likely to loose out money, but, it should not be in vain, and we should leverage our combined forces to make sure this can't happen again. Why don't we go to every campaign and spread the word about zano debacle and the KS treated us? Compensation does not want to wait . Just I want you to return my money . This user's account has been deleted. Hi everyone, I just sent this note by e-mail to the UK liquidator for whatever it is worth! Good day Gary, I have pledged 328 £ and then more on the ZANO - Torquing Group Ltd site. I have no idea how you were able to get onto their Kickstarter site and create an update, nor why there was a post from you stating that Torquing Robotics Limited is in Liquidation, as that company has nothing to with any of the pledgers including myself nor with their site. Robert please reply using ->robert@............ Also @doug Conran for you to say "I'll wait till after the liquidators meeting on the 4th" why!!! All of us know that we are NOT creditors. We don't get a god dam say in that meeting. @ doug Conran but if you won't do some research your self. <url>’ve failed to live up to the basic obligations of this agreement. To right this, they must make every reasonable effort to find another way of bringing the project to the best possible conclusion for backers. A creator in this position has only remedied the situation and met their obligations to backers if: they post an update that explains what work has been done, how funds were used, and what prevents them from finishing the project as planned; they work diligently and in good faith to bring the project to the best possible conclusion in a timeframe that’s communicated to backers; they’re able to demonstrate that they’ve used funds appropriately and made every reasonable effort to complete the project as promised; they’ve been honest, and have made no material misrepresentations in their communication to backers; and they offer to return any remaining funds to backers who have not received their reward (in proportion to the amounts pledged), or else explain how those funds will be used to complete the project in some alternate form. The creator is solely responsible for fulfilling the promises made in their project. If they’re unable to satisfy the terms of this agreement, they may be subject to legal action by backers. So I'm sorry doug but we have the right and power to start a class action lawsuit. @ dough Conran people have left links to those campaigns. It's not very hard to do some research your self. Looks like I was given back my freedom of speech ... @Martin Jangaard : the best part of the video compilation is when Reece is interviewed and a live demo of the Zano could not be given. It seems Reece's computer, used to control the Zano, was stolen during the CES show ! But the interviewer believes it works and Reece gives an 'of course it does' ... Amazing how a quad controlled by an iPhone absolutely required the missing laptop... Can't Reece and his team pair it with, say, another computer or someone's iphone ? I am certain there was a few laptops and mobile devices around, maybe even one in the hands of fellow Zano team member at the show as, say, maybe a backup. maybe when they reported the theft to local police, they could of emailed for someone back home to send them a copy of the code ? We've all been taken to the cleaners on this campaign, blind, as I look back, to the fact we never - ever ! - saw a Zano fly in public. It's under glass at the show. It's in people's hands at times. But it never was flown in public. Was it ? Backers : we should all pay very close attention to such details WHILE the campaign is running. It would allow us to pull out before our pledges get locked in. Then, we need to keep a close watch during the following 45 to 120 days widow offered by most payment processors. Filling a claim if things start to go sour. The lack of appropriate communication from the creators, any hints of fowl play, etc need to be red flags for us and KickStarter to jump in and enforce the terms & conditions onto the creators. Some might want to file claims for a refund from the payment processors. They will take of the rest from there ... Too many claims for refunds and they'll act fast. 12k backers were taken for 3.6M$US with this Zano campaign. KickStarter is feeling the heat for facilitating the situation. They are keeping quiet. I never had a reply, confirmation of receipt or even a 'undeliverable' to my many emails directed at the CEO & Director of Communications. KickStarter certainly would of looked worse if it tried to keep all of you as quiet as they had me here. However, they seem to be thinking deep and long about what is happening and how it can or is affecting their name and possibly their bottom line as some are pulling out of campaigns, unregistering, ... and passing the word in a multitude of forums, social networds, etc. Backers, if you are not being heard, you are being felt ... But the worse about this Zano situation is that the media were also taken to the cleaners. Look back at all the wonderful reviews, including a 'best gadget of 2015' and other such awards. The media has its share of the shame, eh? Maybe backers did not dig deep enough as they are just amateur investors, as some claim. But what about the media's applause for the wonderful Zano ...seems they didn't even see it fly or do much more digging then us amateur backers, did they? Odd how we have not heard back from any of them ... How were we to doubt a military technology contractor with over 7 years experience in nano tech? Come to think of it, how do we confirm such claims ? KickStarter nor the media doubted Reece's claims either. Then there is the shell game between the various names of Torquing. Guess what, maybe even a liquidator is being taken to the cleaners in the final tour de force from the Zano team. As Dec 4th approaches, maybe the liquidator should do some deep review of all the material available ? This could maybe save them from being as embarrassed as the rest of us ... Regardless of what happens with the Zano campaign, the 12k backers, whom I am one of, etc., it should be KickStarter's duty to minimize such situation from this day on. As was suggested way, way back ... a few weeks ago, any successful campaign raising more than their set goal MUST be placed in review mode. That is, they get the money set as their goal so they can move on as they had planned. The rest goes in trust until the creators show they can: 1) deliver as claimed in their campaign based on the initial goal AND 2) handle the sweet success without either falling flat on their faces, bringing us and KickStarter along, or disappearing into the sunset. At that point, the funds would be released in scheduled payments with checks along the way. Any red flags to be reviewed by KickStarter with feedback from the backers. Backers who want to back out at those check points would get a pro-rated refund (their share at that point). If enough backers stay, the campaign still has its original goal, and likely more, to deliver to the rest of the backers. Where a majority of backers pull out, KickStarter can close the campaign, putting a stop to the madness. Maybe we'll be losing our Zano pledges, but it should not be for nothing. Let's see crowdfunding evolve rather than ... go extinct. @Kenneth Smith - maybe a good starting point, then, is to list some of those examples with links to them. testing ... 1 ... 2 ... 3 For the people that say starting a class action lawsuit is a waste of time that's bullshit because if you do some research on other failed campaigns you will see that people have done it and have gotten double what they gave. So @ dough Conran do some research your self before you say it's a waste of time. Found @Kenneth Smith's gofundme account to start class action lawsuit... <url>"A statutory creditors meeting will be held pursuant to Section 98 of the Insolvency Act 1986 on Friday 4th December 2015. The Section 98 Creditors' meeting package including Notice, Proof of Debt, Proxy and related information can be found at www.thecreditorgateway.co.uk" Information should be available after the meeting I guess. <url>’re unable to complete their project, and communicate with backers at every step along the way. While Kickstarter is the platform for this agreement, we are not a part of it. We do not investigate a project creator’s ability to complete their project, nor do we facilitate refunds or the fulfillment of rewards. While in most cases you’ll find that rewards are delivered as promised, it’s also important to realize that some projects might not fulfill as planned. When you back a project on Kickstarter you enter into an agreement with the project creator, as described in our Terms of Use: <url>’t fulfill their obligations under the agreement. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. I hope that this helps to address your concerns, but please don’t hesitate to let us know if you have any other questions. Best, Maren @Kenneth Smith - quite what you are hoping to achieve by starting a class action lawsuit against a bankrupt company in receivership I really don't know. What I do know is that it is a complete waste of time and money and not something I or, I suspect, anyone else, is prepared to contribute towards. Plus, I don't know you from Adam. So it's not a case of 'we don't want our money back' it's a case of 'we don't want to spray more money on a wild goose chase by someone we don't know'. @ukpetey - I agree 100% Also raised a case here: <url>"lost" my pledge, and received a reply yesterday that there was now an investigation taking place and that the National Fraud Intelligence Bureau (NFIB) would be in contact within 28 days. I urge you all to do the same. It looks like they're taking things seriously. We pledged our money in trust to Torquing Group. How in the world did the money get released by KS to Torquing Robotics who is reporting a failure through Stone. Why is Stone reporting liquidation on the Torquing Group's site which has to do with another company which we have never dealt with? Our contract was with Torquing Group and so was KS. Also in Update 51, 'Project Overview' if the Pie chart presented without figures is truly representative, which company were the figures taken from? Where are the Financials from 'Torquing Group'? These are the real numbers from 'Torquing Group' that we must see. Shortly, the press and USA Justice will get a hold of ALL of our comments, over 9,000, Videos, contracts and statements made by the Zano people over the last year and put 2 and 2 together and make some principals of KS and Torquing accountable. It may be before or after KS gets involved. At the rate that KS is communicating with the backers from whom they made over $150,000 for just presenting a place to showcase this 'smoke and mirrors' project on their KS site, it would appear that KS will only take a stand AFTER justice approaches them for an explanation and all of the communication threads and backers e-mails. Can't wait for this to hit the press big time!! Got a refund from PayPal for the extras. Hit them up guys Have a look at c-mi on Kickstarter. Another drone another potential scam So has the whole company gone under or just the robotics company as the company that we pledged too wasn't that part of the company structure or am I missing something. This YouTube compilation says it all - well not all, as I'm sure there's so much more to come out from this debacle: <url>" "....primarily we're a military technology company. We began since 2008, doing a bunch of contracts for the UK Government, breaking ground on nano autonomous swarming drones...." and blah! Then him talking to a US tech reporter about the KS campaign at 13'31" "... we SOLD over 15,000 units..." Hey, KS RC actually used the word SOLD, so what did we all buy then - are we creditors therefore?!? It goes on and on "... we're used to manufacturing, so that's nothing new to us.." - hah hah, blah blah - at 14'44" ",,, Zano is true swarming, these guy's are swapping information all the time... US presenter then says ....that's awesome!" - and at 15' 08" "... we want our KS backers to be the first to have 'em" - I could go on, but I'm tired an bored of it all now. And then there's this video from Ivan R back in 2014 talking about TG's military drone @ INNOV8 (Wales): <url>"Official Secret(s) Squirrel Act", no doubt?!? Welcome to the wild and whacky world of ZCAMO. Well done KS - it's my "staff pick" too. Apparently, they are scamming. I would like to take a legal action but I am not an expert in this field. If you are one of the victims, please sign the petition and share to others. <url>" Kickstarter needs to design if they're an investment platform or a pre-order platform because these projects can't have it both ways. The backers taking all the risks and not getting any of the benefits is not ethical and in most places probably illegal. If they're investors then they get a stake in the company, if they're customers then they have legal standing for refunds as creditors of the corporation. Kickstarter claiming to create a position in between with none of the legal protections of either is disgusting." Yes everyone, contact local news so there is as much publicity as possible Yes everyone, contact local news so there is as much publicity as possible I gave up a while ago but would consider backing other projects. Now I changed my mind since KS has done nothing to show level of care to their backers at all but a sympathetic letter showing that they actually care, not. As the fallout continues from the implosion of Europe’s largest Kickstarter-funded project, Torquing Group has staunchly DENIED that it cheated or stole from its Zano-drone customers. <url>クレジット払いではお金は戻ってこないってことでしょうか？ Is it a fraud, or has Torquing been having the traditional "discussions" between technical people (Ivan; "be warned, not everything is possible") and sales people (Reese; no problem, everything is possible")? It is a fact we have been misguided, open communication would have prevented a lot of the discussion currently going around. I will not yet end being a backer on Kickstarter, but I do think Kickstarter needs to develop a certain procedure ("monthly sanity check") for projects above a certain value (or with rewards above a certain amount). Assuming Kickstarter doesn't want to have dishonest creators, the Zano project should be an eye-opener for Kickstarter too. If they don't increase their spam of control, people will leave their platform. INTRINSIC VULNERABILITY OF KICSKSTARTER’S BUSINESS MODEL Apparently, KS is ignoring us but I can tell you they are closely monitoring our actions and our comments posted on KS website. To them, it is a crisis. KS cofounders and management understand their own business very well. Of course, they know the intrinsic vulnerability of their business model. TG demonstrated how to earn money by attacking the flaw of KS’ business model. People behind TG can repeat it on KS by using another creator name and other people can copycat the pattern easily. KS’ backers get hurt and lose faith in backing project on KS. Eventually, KS’ cash cow will die. Some people say KS is losing 12K Zano backers. Don’t under estimate the power of 12,075 ANGRY backers. By spreading our story in KS backer community, media and social media, 10 times or even 100 times of 12K backers will leave if KS doesn’t handle Zano fraud properly. In the worst case scenario, KS will be driven out from the crowdfunding business. Stones & Company knew that if they post this letter out today, international backers will not get the details before the meeting. Yes I got one because I paid using a credit card. Anyone else get a letter from Stones & co? Just arrived today. @kenneth please share the link. I'm sure with several of the "donors" from this item. @Kennth Please share the link here. Thousands of us will support the project. I hate cheater. This is totally scam. I don't mind project fail but I do mind be cheated. It's completely a scam from the beginning. Support Support @ Eccles Kwong I have started two. One on gofundme and the other one I have submitted on here. I highly doubt that the one that I have submitted here will come to life but please help me out on the gofundme page. So I have started a gofundme page and submitted a campaign on here to collect money to start a class action lawsuit against torquing group. Help me raise the money so we can start the process of the lawsuit. And for the people that say it will never happen well think again as another campaign didn't deliver on what they promised and had to pay $50,000 on a $25,000 campaign. Just think of what we could make if all of us do this. The only bright side of getting ripped off is the various videos that are now popping up . So this is now the second Kickstarter project I have been screwed over on - Zano and the incredibly thin watch which is so thin you can't see the ****ing thing. @Woofer, it is less likely, it seems the Liquidator is in control of the account now, since they are the one who posted the last two updates I think... Let's setup a project on indegogo to sue KS. And guys, please get some department in US for this issue. Why US gov allow a scam platforms in their country. I feel very disappointed with KS. KS charge us and do nothing. Torquing Group Ltd. (Reece Crowther) Last login today : Nov 28 2015 So they are reading all these comments from us. :) Folks should keep posting this link, all backers should fill out this complaint form and forward it to the email address included in the form! <url>"We need to Vote...", thanks! - John Kickstarter any chance of an edit button? So I can correct my typos? I know your reading everyone of these posts, cheers. why kickstater do you do nothing for one project yet you choose to close another because you say there is no working prototype? Zane had no working prototype yet you allowed it to continue. and here is the URL top where they closed down the project. <url>"Triggertrap" spells out the way one would expect a Company to deal with their backers. Unless there is another 'back' story going on, it's honest, advises the backers what money is left in the pot, and they try to give the remaiining funds (20%) back to the backers. That's ethically the right thing to do. If we could get that out of Zano, we'd be in good shape. We want to have the opportunity of making sure the Liquidator of Zano understands what is expected of Torquing as per the Kickstarter agreement, just as the maker of "Triggertrap" has done. I am personally not convinced as of yet there is fraud going on here. Not yet. KICKSTARTER: PLEASE read this, and communicate to Stones and Co in Swansea that you wish to attend the Dec 4th meeting to represent the backers interests. We are doing our part to attend the meeting to sate our case that backers are legitamate 'creditors', based on Kickstarters Terms of reference, please do your part by also requesting attendance. Let us know your intentions, thanks very much!! Ann, I am in North America so won't be attending. Hence the need to do the proxy voting. @Kickstarter, You don't care about your backers ? You don't have any intention, to help the backers even when you know the project is fraud. What does that make you then ? accomplice to fraud. This is the second time I was hit hard by fraud on Kickstarter, do you remember Triggertrap Ada ? <url>’s the end of the road. We failed. Do you see any similarities to the Zano project? Kickstarter acted with same, indifferent way to the backers and removed "unwanted comments". They also locked backers from posting if they were posting some of the unwanted comments. Do you see any similarities to how kickstarter do against there backers ? My new motto: I do not support fraud, I do not support Kickstarter @wy Worse case scenario for kickstarter is that there is value left in torquing after creditors are paid but backers still get nothing. That would be a PR disaster. @WY - totally agree with everything in that post. Excellent. INTRINSIC VULNERABILITY OF KICSKSTARTER’S BUSINESS MODEL Apparently, KS is ignoring us but I can tell you they are closely monitoring our actions and our comments posted on KS website. To them, it is a crisis. KS cofounders and management understand their own business very well. Of course, they know the intrinsic vulnerability of their business model. TG demonstrated how to earn money by attacking the flaw of KS’ business model. People behind TG can repeat it on KS by using another creator name and other people can copycat the pattern easily. KS’ backers get hurt and lose faith in backing project on KS. Eventually, KS’ cash cow will die. Some people say KS is losing 12K Zano backers. Don’t under estimate the power of 12,075 ANGRY backers. By spreading our story in KS backer community, media and social media, 10 times or even 100 times of 12K backers will leave if KS doesn’t handle Zano fraud properly. In the worst case scenario, KS will be driven out from the crowdfunding business. KS is not devil, but their business model has flaw. Backers will see the flaw when more frauds are disclosed. Backers will finally realize that they are helpless when they are conned by creators on KS platform like us. KS has to fix the flaw by establishing creator governance model and backer protection scheme if they want to run a sustainable business. KS should have those measures in mind but just doesn’t want to implement them because every control measure carries cost. John are you going to the meeting on the 4th? Kickstarter have stopped responding to my emails. Asking them very basic questions, but no response. I'm being polite and well within my rights,eg, question "when you say you reached out to the creator, do you mean, phone or email?" Hey torquing group haven't you read section 4 of kickstarter terms and conditions. If not you basically have to deliver a product of the standards that you promised or GIVE back the money to YOUR backers. That's a lot of Dietrich's involved with Zano! I wouldn't be surprised if Marlene doesn't turn out to be involved as a director, employee, or spouse! Woofer: Might be, Alfred Dietrich is listed as a director of Torguing Group, which, interestingly, as of today has not been listed as "in liqudation". Torquing Robotics and Torguing Technologiues are listed as "in liquidatiion" as of this last week. ZANO BACKERS! ****** IMPORTANT! ************ Did you pre-order through Torquing in addition to your pledge? If so, you are entitled to attend the upcoming Dec 4th meeting with the liquidators, in Swanea, UK. If you can't attend the meeting, please arrange to proxy your vote to someone who can represent our interests, particularly, the lack of representation of Zano backers at that meeting. This will be our chance to make the case that Zano Backers have a right to take part in the proceedings, in accordance with Kickstarters Terms and Conditions between Torguing and us backers. Please visit zanoforum.com, read the thread on "We need to Vote...", thanks! - John Just imagine, time to involve the American Authorities? “Transit of money through the United States on the way from one non-US location to another non-US location may be enough to create US criminal jurisdiction.” <url>£25 into a Kickstarter project to do a class action. We should set one up. Poor old Ivan Reedman has been banned on Facebook for being fake, like his Zanos. haha... more videos please :) They sold one to Adolf! <url>£1,000 a year over the past 5 years. KS and their creators will lose out - I won't. Would have been nice to break 200 backed projects, but there you go. What a shame. I'm a FANO Fan I'm loving the 'Fano' and it seems to perform better than small drones with a similar name. Seriously, that looks like it's powered by a DJI proper drone, and I'll be saving hard for one of those instead Another "Fano" was received today by a pre-order (obviously) and he's posted some flight footage: <url>"Our community is built on trust and communication. Projects can’t mislead people or misrepresent facts, and creators should be candid about what they plan to accomplish. When a project involves manufacturing and distributing something complex, like a gadget, we require projects to show a prototype of what they’re making, and we prohibit photorealistic renderings." "Projects that involve the development of physical products must feature explicit demos of working prototypes. While you can run a project focused on the creation of a prototype, you can't offer the product that is under development as a reward." Both of these were violated as the product that was shown as a prototype was a rendered video at the time of requesting reward funding for a prototype that did not exist. It would be a good idea for the backers that exist to pick a proper legal channel, band together and at least serve legal papers to Kickstarter requesting that they return the shipping costs and kickstarter 5% fee. Then, Kickstarter should further be charged with returning the remaining funds for the money that was pledged on the basis of substandard application of their own rules set forth to protect the backers, an act of of slander and fraud. I added the fake Ivan Reedman in Facebook and he replied. Does anyone have anything funny I can say to him? Apart from I'm going to kill you! I now understand Ivan's Facebook account is fake. ...and he has 'liked' his own profile/cover pictures! Nobody else has! I see from Ivan Reedman's Facebook pages, that two days ago he updated his profile picture to that of one featuring the Zano logo and images. Is it normal to highlight one's failures in such a public way? He doesn't look unwell, I'm glad he has recovered. Perhaps enough to have used his learnings, gained at backers expense, to take another drone project forward? Is there anyone in Sydney to chase Beavis Reedman and Butthead Crowther over there? @woofer I would order an original sized helicopter to land on their ugly heads. The helicopter should be black with a huge yellow ZANO lettering on it. That would be a party! my legs and arms will become props and the obstacle avoidance will not work.....:( What will you do when you see Ivan Reedman and Reece Crowther walking somewhere..? Just asking... :) Ivan Reedman ran away....... Australia <url>"pledged" in. Now after this scammed Fano, I am no longer pledging anything until the product actually comes out to order instead. Thanks! This Kickstarter is the last one I had whole heartedly "pledged" in. Now after this scammed Fano, I am no longer pledging anything until the product actually comes out to order instead. Thanks! I thought investing in good people with good ideas was noble, to help kickstart an idea which they couldn't do through traditional means like bank loans. But in reality, the risk/reward isn't worth it. Maybe at best you get 10% off msrp on a finished product, but you can also lose 100%. We have no control, decision-making abilities, or votes. No transparency on information. No equity. Crowdfunding is going to fail if Kickstarter doesn't do something to save its reputation. This will be the triggering point for failure of crowdfunding going forward. The lack of governance from KS to protect the backers and ensuring the trust in the community. This will lead to the collapse of the system. It's a lesson for me and I see certain pattern how the fraud abuse this crowdfunding system. There are two already. Zano Owners & Zano Drone Discussion Group Can someone please open a Zano FB page in case Kickstarter decide to erase everything. KS can you summarise how many funded project fail and the amount lost in last decade. It will help further backer decision and expectation KS you are gutless wonders !! You have a considerable "No Confidence Vote" You did your best but that's what Zano said YOU LOSE @Alasdair I agree that the pie chart rather than clarify things has highlighted how the kickstarter funds were misappropriated - the relatively tiny amount on R&D is so bad as to be criminal - and that's what this is -criminal. That's what I think we should be looking at here - criminal charges against TQ and Kickstarter and let's see how extradition works out for the cowards hiding in Australia Are You a beta tester, or did the mailing list get stolen with the laptop ? Victims from HK please contact <email> Kickstarter just reassurance us with ridiculous evidences。 they avoid the victims to pursue tourquing group and them How the pie chart come from?? From imagine? I am more than a little concerned over the presentation of the costs. This was a project that I joined as it was clearly something that needed a lot of work to finalise the design and to develop all of the features that were required. Looking at the numbers it seem there is less than one person assigned to the IT design and development which has to be a large part of this type of project. Please can we have some explanation of the disparity in need and spend in this area. The R&D is also only a small element of the spend where is is clear from the updates and the other key part of developing something like this. With the changes that have been indicated and the issues and changes that have been made I also do not understand the allocation to this area. Please can we have some explanation of the disparity in need and spend in this area. While I recognise the statement from the Liquidator is correct I believe there needs to be a full audit of the numbers and the proportion of the spend on stocks which seem not to be available to send and distribute to the backers. As this project has been taken over by the Liquidator what commitment is there that this will not be sold to the a re-incarnation of the same organization and leaders able to sell the stock in a working form with no recourse from the backers. This pie chart is ridiculous. Zano, do you really think this takes you off the bind? No one can believe 46% of our money went in stock, production didn't even start!! you guys are just petty thieves. Give me back 46% of my pledge with the stock you presumably have in store! Kickstarter you're responsible as well for providing a legal platform for such frauds. I think when you search KS projects it should show all the failed ones that people lost all their cash on as well More transparency - and how is a staff pick decided - did you actually see the thing flying ? @Ryan, keep up the good work KS is not helping. They are just doing minimum effort to say they did something for their money! It doens't look good at all! see you all tomorrow for more laughs. The real news comes after the liquidation. I think I am getting fat least my £200 worth of comments on here reading the comments, its would be funny if I haven't lost £200. maybe it was Ivan processing all our refunds. I see that someone from TG logged in to the Zano project here on KS today... just notice Ivan Reedman is now on Facebook, lol. read this on face book for those that missed it I just had a thought about this latest update so I called Stones & Stones for some clarification. All backers have now been informed via email that they are not considered creditors in this project. So basically £2.3m in debt is wiped from the books. So I asked them who creditors would be then. I asked whether any directors that put money into this project would be creditors and guess what? Yes they would be. So Reece and the Busby's, the people that lost everyone their money, now get a share of whatever is left. This is vile <url>£££ If kickstart don't jump in and help it might cost them £££ until it blow over. Boss of Kickstarter said lets do option 2 until this blows over. Oh bother it's not blowing over. Send a email say it's not our fault nothing we can do and hope for best. Kickstarter's Business Model: Make $180,000 by providing a website to collect money for a scam, deny all responsibility, pretend to help the people who paid in the money, and call it a day. I will not let up on this. The employees of this "company" will continue to hear from me. The announcements say in October 2015 that the black version will be entirely shipped by December 2015. The latest explanation shows that to be completely fabricated. Obviously they would have known in the summer that it isn't flying and it's falling apart. Is there any suggestion that this was the case anywhere in the previous announcements? I think not. The latest comments are simply written to see off any challenge and tick a KS box. Fortunately trading standards should find the truth and prosecute. Very annoying. Kickstarter are removing my comments as I don't see them. We need to keep up pressure @Hans Layer, please read the email KS sent us on Nov 24 again. KS said "... we are committed to helping backers ...". How did KS help? "...we sent an email to the Zano team informing them of their obligations to backers..." and "...Kickstarter will independently pursue an inquiry into the Zano project...". KS reiterates that KS is not part of the contractual relationship between creator and backer. KS tries to get rid of our problem. In KS’ email, KS warned the creator that "... this failure can subject them to legal action by backers...". KS told us clearly that it is the responsibility of individual backer (i.e. you, me and other 12,073 backers) to sue TG. Although 8% of our payment went to KS, we are not KS' customers. This is how KS treats backers. Please visit and share the link below <url>£2.3m in donations had been distributed as follows: 46% - Stock and manufacturing 14% - Wages 9% - Purchase taxes 5% - Kickstarter and payment fees 46% Stock = £ 107,415.47 Not bad considering NOTHING to show for it 14% Wages = £ 326,916.66 / % People = £ 65,383.32 Really? 9% Purchase taxes deducatble 5% KICKSTARTER FEES £ 116,755.95 That should be REFUNDED www.avoidkickstarter.com This already draws circles around the world and is a big reputation loss for Kickstarter as a platform. It wil become an even bigger failure for Kickstarter as a platform and crowdfunding in general, if Kickstarter continues to do nothing about it and hides behind their macro-generated textblock emails. I still believe that Kickstarter could intervene on behalf of the backers via the payment service they use. If that was out of the question they could and should have said that by now. <url>£££ Great from what I see you have stock and salary. Give us the stock that you have! That was the agreement you signed. We want our money or the product! Why there is no comment by Kickstarter ?! @Duncan Yup, I agree. My kickstarter backing has definitly cooled since this. Of the 10 or so projects I've been interested in, I've "invested" in zero. Here's some 'stats'. My first pledge was 28/11/10, so nearly 5 years ago. I've backed 199 projects, 122 of which have actually taken my money. Almost all have delivered. The ones that haven't have been reasonable (read high) amount of money.......oddly, all the cheaper ones have been excellent. KS have, for the 122 projects that I've pledged for, taken roughly $7500 and £1100 in total. So their cut has been 5% of that? That's (roughly) $375 and £55 over 5 years..... Not a massive amount of 'business' I guess, from one person, but let's say for sake of argument, that I decide to not 'invest' any more cash, and I take my 'business' to another well-known crowdfunding site...............I've got three projects on the go and one of them is with somebody who has already delivered a previous project, one is with a team who have already delivered outside of KS, and one which is for a few pounds........so I'm ok with them. But I've already decided not to 'invest' money with a few new projects, that do look really good, and for items that I'd use.........which is the only leverage I/we have. If new projects don't get the backing, then creators will go to other sites - where I will consider 'investing'risking' my money...............just to prove a point. KS terms and conditions aren't worth shit. They really aren't. Their main means of punishment appears to be stopping a creator putting any more projects on their site - when you've got £2 million in the bank, I doubt you'll cry too much over not putting anything else on KS, or even visiting it again in your entire life. It's a £199 lesson for me. I'm guessing it might cost future KS creators more than that........ If KS creators really do have any consideration for how we've been treated, then I would hope that they would consider the platform that they're reaching out with. @Don Chen Possibly, but how do we get KS to build-in more accountability to help avoid incidents such as Zano? Also, admittedly, it would be near impossible to coordinate such a hypothetical coup. @Brent, though I'm really upset with KS, your suggestion harms KS in a way, but even more the Creators who may have all the ability to deliver... And no sign of life of the scammers. Where are Mr. Reedman and Mr. Crowther?! Having a good life with our money in Australia? Dare I say, we should all pledge $1 to targeted campaigns, then pull out simultaneously. Think of the havok! <url>#zano # zanofraud This is quite crazy. Kickstarter took their fees over $270k of our money and they don't even want to take care of helping us at all. We should start a petition against this approach of Kickstarter and bring this to the large so that they have to address this publicly and maybe change their policies. If many backers join and don't back projects they will surely need to react. Anyone knows what's the best platform for such a petition? Keep pressure on Kickstarter as well as Zano. Can we organise a protest somewhere. I really feel that they have scammed especially after so many updates Never Kickstarter *** BOYCOTT KICKSTARTER *** @GillSpie Ivan was one of the owners & directors as is his wife. So he wasn't a hired hand. He was central to this scam. I want a refund . Other no other details. Give me my money returned 난 환불 받기를 원한다. 그외 다른 사항이 없다. 돌려달라 내돈을 I had the same issue, Zano lied blatantly and the proof is on my private message. I asked them for a refund but they said they have sent Zano to my address so I have to wait for it and send it back if I want my refund. After several time no delivery and they said they haven't send it so I ask for a refund and then they said they already scheduled it to shipped so I can't refund now I have to wait for it to delivered. And as you all know they were just scamming Sadly word not talking about him in better life get now. Also they really stuffed there personal chances moving forward. Post 48 to thanks for all the fish. <url>’re presented with the same information that backers are and we hold each project accountable to the same rules. This is a space where creators are able to test and find support for new ideas, not to present items that already exist. We’re unable to vet whether each idea is completely realistic or whether a creator has qualifications to finish their projects, that’s up to backers to decide. We're always looking for ways that we can improve. If you have any feedback or suggestions to how we could improve the Kickstarter ecosystem, please let me know and I'll be happy to pass it along to the rest of our team. Sincerely, Katherine If they have over 1 Mio. Of stock I think this stock belongs to the backers, even if the drones are not working. I think we should claim this stock at the liquidator on behalf of the backers. Independent what we can do with the stock later or what us the real value. This is also to see if the stock does really exist. If they have over 1 Mio. Of stock I think this stock belongs to the backers, even if the drones are not working. I think we should claim this stock at the liquidator on behalf of the backers. Independent what we can do with the stock later or what us the real value. This is also to see if the stock does really exist. It is dissapointing to once again get nothing for my money from someone based in England? From the responses from the liquidators it is clear the British don't give a damn. For me lesson learned is not too participate in any England based projects. Sad to say I can trust projects from Ukraine or Russia but not England. Rude bunch of people. Kickstarter you lost my trust and the early adopter community. Let's make a kickstarer campaign to start kickstarter getting all the fraud campaign in jail. Zano lied blatantly and the proof is on my private message. I asked them for a refund but they said they have sent Zano to my address so I have to wait for it and send it back if I want my refund. After several time no delivery and they said they haven't send it so I ask for a refund and then they said they already scheduled it to shipped so I can't refund now I have to wait for it to delivered. And as you all know they were just saying wait sucker wait till we give you the news that there's is no Zano and say bye bye to your money. @Rakesh Pillai... Do it already man. And not just wait for your money alone. Everyone is feeling the same way. Let's all bombard their social networking handles. It's about time. Reece Crowther was an ex football goal keeper. What the FUCK!!!! This happened because of kickstarters unprofessionalism. You guys should have vetted torquing group properly. I personally don't believe in Kickstarter any more you guys have disappointed lot of people and please Kickstarter don't think you can get away with this. I am from a big media house and I give you 30 days notice to refund my money other wise you will face my legal team and trust me I will shut you down. You can communicate with me on <email> FK U Torquing Group and Zano Team U all A totally liars PAY ME BACK MY MONEY UNLESS U GIVE ME A GOOD REASON!!!!!!!!!! I would like Anonymous to step in and get to the bottom of this. Time to pay back for this misery. Expect us In response to the latest Update I find it all very difficult to believe anything you claim. Back on October 15th you stated you had already shipped 200 units and were assembling 200 black units a day and expected to ship likewise by November 2nd. Then to read a claim of your so called insolvency begs to question where did the lies begin and end with your company. It appears clear to me that you have intentionally lied on more than one occasion to us all. When a venture is able to raise 20x the capital of it's initial goal only to say costs run too high so as not to be able to complete production shows a true bit of business ineptitude or a truly grand scheme. Either way I have no faith in the accuracy of this last statement or the pie chart accounting of costs. Finally if 46% of the cost is for production of the Zano then at least ship those completed units or refund that percentage of funds. Ponzi scheme, pure and simple. A zano facebook group accounting found only 10 zano ever shipped to anybody. Zero of them were kickstarter backers. There were never likely more then a dozen ever sent out. A working prototype must have never existed. Kickstarter failed to do any checking on that. I will soon be closing my account on kickstarter and I will encourage people I know to do the same. KICK-STARTER IS THE BIGGEST SCAM EVER!!! I HAVE PLEDGED FOR 5 DIFFERENT THINGS AND NOT RECEIVED ONE OF THEM. ZANO- NOT RECEIVED GLOWDECK- NOT RECEIVED MARBEL SKATEBOARD- NOT RECEIVED INBOARD SKTEBOARD- NOT RECIEVED AVENUE SKATEBOARD TRUCKS- NOT RECIEVED HOW CAN THIS BE ALLOWED TO CONTINUE????? GARY STONE YOUR A THIEF AND KICKSTARTER YOUR A JOKE Since those already manufactured, send one to me. I want to use it for paper weight.. BOYCOTT KICKSTARTER This has really ruined my year... seriously 2% shipping? did any of the kickstarter received it? Trying to lie to who Did you gave an actual working working model at the time of of the KS campaign - answer the fucking question ? Maybe kickstart itself is operate by terrorist..they just helping each other. Typical, working to improve upon what was promised. It they had gone with the 55g proto type instead of giving more than expected made them spend all our money to make a heavier one fly. Just put a zano in a box along with the extra batteries and send it to me. At least i will have something i can put on my desk and remind me to not jump in too fast. This is not the first company which has been dissolved by this bunch of TG directors, go do your research and find out. Either there has been multiple failures by all of these guys or multiple fraudulent companies. If you read comments on Facebook about one of their companies then it does sound like fraud. When you follow the white rabbit this hole goes very deep indeed! How many Zanos did TG claim to ship because it seems to me that £40k+ which seems to be the breakdown of shipping costs could ship tens of thousands of units yet I've only seen 'evidence' of a handful of people receiving theirs. I seriously don't believe or accept that a million was spent on manufacturing with literally nothing to show for it and remember, only black Zanos were apparently manufactured... I really seriously hope that the authorities follow the money trail on this. Who knows, maybe it was used to fund these latest terrorist attacks! Unlikely, yes but we need hard evidence that suggests otherwise not a pie chart knocked up in excel in 5 minutes with some arbitrary percentages. Also, look at TG's Kickstarter logo, the pie chart is like an Easter egg wiping our faces in this obvious fraud or maybe just a brilliant conspiracy theory! Too bad Ivan didn't grow a spine and tell what happened. You ALL are missing the point! Kickstarter provided a venue for a shell company to take your money. The first person involved (IVAN) has already fled to a different country. They all (Torquing Group aka Torquing Robotics, aka Torquing Up Ur Azz) got together, found some retard (AKA IVAN) and played him until he understood that they were crooks. IVAN (the RETARD) then feigned illness and fled to Australia in fear of the reprisals that will most certainly come. this is not about someone mismanaging a project. THESE PEOPLE SET OUT TO STEAL YOUR MONEY AND IF YOU DON'T SPEAK UP IT WILL HAPPEN! TQ has not provided a proper explanation of how the backers’ money was spent. Many items in the charts are questionable with no detail explanation in this UNAUDITED report. Assuming the cost allocation includes the whole 2,335,119 pound, the cost should be all related to drones for BACKERS ONLY. I divided the costs into 4 catagories: 1. No major problem (Total 20.5%, 478,699) – Gross Wages (14%, 326,917), Employers NI (1%,23,351), Accountancy fee (0.5%, 11,676), Kickstarter and payment fee (5%, 116,756). The figures look normal. We do not have enough information to say if the wages are reasonable or not, it is the auditor’s job to decide. 2. Cost of goods sold (Total 57%, 1,331,018) - Stock and Manufacturing (46%, 1,074,155), Shipping (2%, 46,702), Purchase Taxes (9%, 210,161). We need to make sure those costs do not include drones for pre-orders. Also, is the purchase taxes VAT? I am not familiar with UK tax, but if it is like GST in Australia, when TQ paid VAT to suppliers, it is refundable by tax office. If it is VAT from sales, there is no sales at all to backer. Either way, this item should not exist at all. 3. Need breakdown (Total 10%, 233,512) – Tooling cost (4%, 93,405), R&D (2%, 46,702), IT(1%, 23,351), Capital expenditure(1%, 23,351), Sub-contractor(1% 23,351), Accommodation and rent(1%, 23,351). We need breakdown on each item to determine if they are related to backer’s Zano . 4. Suspicious items (Total 12.5%, 291,890) – Miscellaneous expenses(4%, 93,405), internal charges (3%, 70,054), Professional fee (3%, 70,054), Other creditors (2%, 46,702), Consultancy fee (0.5%, 11,676). These item names provide no useful information at all. They could be anything. Unless TQ was foolish enough to order all materials for all 15,000 backers drone in one go before discovering the Prototype(if there is any) and mass production discrepancies, there is no way they could spend over 1 million pound with no backer drone shipped. I suspect TQ might have shifted all costs of manufacturing pre-ordering drones to the kickstarter pool and they keep no separate account for pre-order drone at all. As pre-order customers are entitled for a refund, all losses will be absorbed by kickstarter backers. It appears that my brief, truthful and polite comment which was posted about an hour ago has been removed. Looks as if Kickstarter is censoring and removing posts in this thread. This is another sad development in this saga :-( Never more Kickstarter *** first and last *** Messrs Zano, send me raw parts. Thank you so much God save the Queen! I wonder at least one deliverable should be made from such a huge fund. How such a huge amount of money as stock? How much money can Kickstarter give back to us? 1) KS had their money not too long ago and I'm pretty sure they will have to give back the money they have got in order to be proportionally divided between creditors. 2) we are not creditors...? Mmm... Let's see... We are not KS Customers...? For sure Who pay KS is the Creator and not us, maybe that's why KS is not showing up... They maybe concerned about having to give back all of the money they got for paying creditors of all of the projects that failed or that are not delivering... For example ZANO, OwnPhone, Lowline lab, etc... 3) we are the blood of Creators and we can for sure leverage in that... What about sending a mail to the pending projects stating that: "if we do not get a proper reply from KS on: ZANO, OwnPhones, Lowline, .....(add any other one)... We will be sorry, but will have to cancel our pledges". We could also send a similar message to active projects stating that: "if we do not get a proper reply from KS on: ZANO, OwnPhones, Lowline, .....(add any other one)... We will be sorry, but will have to ask for a reimbursement of our pledge as the crowdfunding platform may fail at any time". Should this widespread... Well... Projects would collapse and KS would have to return all of the money they got... We do not want that, but this all will oblige KS to take an action and put the head out of the shell... What do you think about? The best thing you can do is boycott Kickstarter. We are never going to recoup our funds and we all got duped. Let's just be real. These assholes took our money and fabricated a campaign which was nothing more than a sham to buy time while they figure out how to hide the money they stole. Make good, Kickstarter. Liquidate your profit/commission off this ZANO deal to all the backers. You won't lose any money except for a product that wasn't made... DO THE RIGHT THING, KICKSTARTER!!! >Also Kickstarter needs to change their terms to include putting backers on the top of the liquidation list if a project does not complete! It is not in KS power to do so. The company was a UK Limited company governed by UK law. Shareholders & backers are back of the queue. "I would inform that monies from pledges paid by Kickstarter “backers” received by the company are not debts owed by the company nor are they equity investments. Kickstarter states on its website that Kickstarter funding cannot be used to offer equity, financial returns or to solicit loans.It is also stated by Kickstarter that projects cannot offer financial incentives like equity or repayment.As such, Kickstarter “backers” have no status as creditors in the liquidation of Torquing Robotics Limited for the non-receipt of rewards in the failed project.Hence, no notice of any creditors’ meeting is applicable." Interesting... So we give money to buy raw materials, and then the raw materials are liquidated and who gets the proceeds. If 50% of our money was spent on materials, then they are paid in full and who would be a creditor? Sounds super fishy, when do we see the first calculations of our refund? Also Kickstarter needs to change their terms to include putting backers on the top of the liquidation list if a project does not complete! 1) KS had their money not too long ago and I'm pretty sure they will have to give back the money they have got in order to be proportionally divided between creditors. 2) we are not creditors...? Mmm... Let's see... We are not KS Customers...? For sure Who pay KS is the Creator and not us, maybe that's why KS is not showing up... They maybe concerned about having to give back all of the money they got for paying creditors of all of the projects that failed or that are not delivering... For example ZANO, OwnPhone, Lowline lab, etc... 3) we are the blood of Creators and we can for sure leverage in that... What about sending a mail to the pending projects stating that: "if we do not get a proper reply from KS on: ZANO, OwnPhones, Lowline, .....(add any other one)... We will be sorry, but will have to cancel our pledges". We could also send a similar message to active projects stating that: "if we do not get a proper reply from KS on: ZANO, OwnPhones, Lowline, .....(add any other one)... We will be sorry, but will have to ask for a reimbursement of our pledge as the crowdfunding platform may fail at any time". Should this widespread... Well... Projects would collapse and KS would have to return all of the money they got... We do not want that, but this all will oblige KS to take an action and put the head out of the shell... What do you think about? www.avoidkickstarter.com leads to vanishing posts? @Hamant Patel - I posted my section 75 claim to my CC (Tesco Bank) yesterday, they received it today. I have been ZANOED!!!!!! It's for sale. £2.3m distributed to Zano backers. My posts disappeared? Why don't you like www.avoidkickstarter.com ?? I invested as KS had endorsed as their staff pick TG fraudulent campaign / video that appeared to show a completed product. KS gave this scam the veneer of respectability it needed to get so many of us to part with our cash. It wasn't in the interest of KS to check on it as they were pocketing larger amounts of money by their own promotion. Both companies for me are equal frauds. K-Req? Yes the receivers are real, and I am UK based. The money was spent building a real drone, there was no theft. Sadly this was a product which did not survive production scale up. What BS from Torquing Group... their updates offer no real explanations at all. They only want to not be held accountable in regards to the Kickstarter terms outlined yesterday... Has anyone from the UK had any luck claiming their money back from their credit card company against Section 75 of the Consumer Credit Act? With so many scams and failures lately (including Tango PC which has become an obvious $500k scam via KS and Indiegogo) and the fact that KickStarter keeps profiting without Consumer safeguards in place or a care to stop these people, they are going to force states, counties and countries to create new consumer protection laws that will effectively and unfortunately end crowd funding efforts. If KS did care, as a leading crowdfunding site, they would return their percentage of the funds gained to the contributors for every failed campaign. Bet I bet they'll wait on that until the laws are changed and they are forced to. More failures like this one and it will happen...they are screwing themselves by not taking a lead. Anyone can create a campaign promising anything, steal money, claim failure and run away...and KS profits from that legally...they are going to force that to be changed with their attitude and responses. I bet when the laws do change and they are forced to pay back contributors, they will pay a bit more attention to the campaigns they let through. So, 14% in gross wages (i.e., salaries to the campaign owners) comes to roughly $500,000 USD. Great work if you can get it? Have you no shame? If the explanation for a decision to liquidate is to be believe, then a working prototype exists and the only real issue is manufacturing tolerances or quality management. That means there is REAL VALUE tied-up in our backing dollars. To avoid having some very disgruntled backers going after individual campaigners, Kickstarter should have default ownership of the intellectual property of all failed campaigns, on behalf of the backers. That would allow another round of backers to take it over the goal line, where possible. In this case Torquing Group Ltd took millions, created working prototypes and supply chain agreements, then folded - collected a tidy salary and auctioning off all of the intellectual property. That's a big stinking pile of unethical business practices, that should land the lot in court. Kickstarter I have question marks on the following projects : 1. Air Umbrella 2. Neeo remote 3. "Kickstarter" Has anyone tried to claim non delivery of product through their CC company in the UK ? I am currently going through the procedures with my CC provider.And also have contacted the trading standards.I doubt i will use kickstarted again as there are no safe guards for us backers KickStarter I have question marks on the following projects, 1. Fugu laguage 2. Neeo remote 3 mialinkup 4. Stonetether before it's too late can you investigate it KickStarter in not going to have any effect (5% of 3mln is a lot of money,) and we backers are going to loose all our money ?!? That's crazy. Never again. That was my last pledge with KS and probably with crowd funding. KickStarter your reputation is on the line, trading standard will also be contacted. KickStarter Staff Pick! Way to pump up a $3.5MM hoax and collect 5%. Why not raise additional capital? The world is awash is capital seeking investment in risky ventures ad in this case there was already a proof that a lot of demand exists for the product. Does not look like the team knew how to manage a startup, this too can be fixed... So again why wind down with so much proven interest in the project? This is my Reply from Simon Hart <email> A genuine UK parliament MP, it is being taken seriously:- "Thanks for your email. The normal procedure at moments like this, rare though they are thankfully, is to enable any police or trading standard investigations to be completed. Police and others are aware of the concerns so I think they need to be allowed to carry out there work. Best wishes S" See More from Mikey Pie's UK Parliament Disclaimer: This e-mail is confidential to the intended recipient. If you have received it in error, please notify the sender and delete it from your system. Any unauthorised use, disclosure, or copying is not permitted. This e-mail has been checked for viruses, but no liability is accepted for any damage caused by any virus transmitted by this e-mail. This e-mail address is not secure, is not encrypted and should not be used for sensitive data. 2% on R&D! Enough said. Seems they weren't really willing to sort out their teething problems! The form to contact the Washington attorney general allows us to attach 5 files to it. What files should be good to include? I emailed Kickstarter asking who the actual creator is of this project; torquing robotics ltd, torquing group ltd or Reece crowther. I reasoned they would know who they have an agreement with and while they cannot give out personal information just clarification would be fine. Their reply? "We cannot offer legal advice". I've lowered my pledges to the minimum on all my KS campaigns as I don't want them to fail but I'm really disappointed in the response here. @Thomas@Renz ich habe mal ein alias auf meine Mail eingerichtet: <email>, wenn ihr wollt könnt ihr einfach mal ne kurze mail hinschicken, wir sollten in kontakt bleiben. Im Zano-Forum bewegt sich ja nun nicht mehr viel.werde mir wohl erst am WE was überlegen.. Wow, now it is the fault of the backers that they had to many ideas and suggestions. Seriously? Interesting strategy to blame your investors. I hope Kickstarter finally takes the duties of the requestors serious and proceeds any legal actions possible in favor of the backers. If not then it is not only one company that failed but actually two of them. This bubble is about to burst. I have backed 98 Kickstarter projects. This makes the third one that did not come through (cookbook, MacBook Pro dock, and Zano). Just cancelled all my current backings. Tired of no liability if companies do not produce. There is no recourse for Kickstarter or the company if they do not deliver. ALL the risk is with us...and NONE with anyone else. Good luck to all and please let me know when terms change (Kickstarter). I feel like this should be reported to London Metro Police as an investment scam. It smells like fraud to me. Anyone in the UK want to pursue this? Sounds like a good opportunity for a criminal investigation. Sorry, but this "pie" says nothing ! I want to see real figures and it is unbelievable, that Torquing group tries to push now the bad cards to the backers, as they tell us , that they implemented our wishes and that´s why the whole thing failed !!! It seems to me that these guys simply were not able to manage such a project, thats´all !!! If you spent more than 40% for stock and manufacturing, then where is the material ? It must be thousands of drones ! Where are they ? On the ship ? Oh, maybe it sunk..... Again i ask KS to give here a clear guidance and information what to do and how this problem could be soved. I think the trust in Torquing group is lost. @Thomas: Nein es sind mehr! Ich bin auch aus GY This is such a joke they new what they where doing the whole time using kickstarter sham on both companies Really odd that they originally said they only needed $189K to fund the project yet could not get it done with $3.6 million. And to have the nerve to pay themselves more than 2.5x the original fund cost!!!! Really begs an honest explanation how they ever figured they could even do the project. To make matters worse were all the emails about imminent shipping of the product when in fact they were running away with the $$. So? just give us back our money, other wise belive me when i am telling you, you will REGRET...!!! Why no effort to try to partner with another drone manufacturer since Zano claims to be so far along in development. Most backers would wait more time and actually get a Zano rather then get nothing at all. @LevM Ich komme auch aus Deutschland. Jetzt sind wir 4. inklusive Marcus Herold Axel V. Just send the Zanos you have Gross wages are 14% of 3.6 million for 10 months!!?? 510,000$$ seems excessive for all 4 people who were actually working on the project. This will continue to be just a bunch of words coming from KS and TG. We all all out our money, just take this as a learning lesson on why not to fund ANY further KS projects Are the working Zanos in stock now sold elsewhere? There must be other funds involved, 2% only on R&D is ridiculous otherwise. God knows how the other funds were used, this breakdown is pretty useless on its own. Thank you for pointing out I am aware the percentages mean nothing without something to base the percentage on. In this case I purely used the percentages of the total kickstarter value...Seeing as they put 5% for the Kickstarter fee (which is kickstarters fee based on total project fund) this leads me to believe it was based purely on the total amount brought in by kickstarter. ( this one is more legible <url>£ terms but as KS fees are listed at 5% of the total, the total amount must be the £2.3mil+ of pledges raised. Other than the popular and valid themes of creators' misleading the backers with their fancy videos, their level of incompetency and potentially lack of integrity perhaps, KS absolving themselves of any serious responsibility, their operating model putting backer money at the bottom of the waterfall without offering backers commensurate returns or protection (please don't give me the pledge, donation BS) etc. what strikes me most about this breakdown is that these clowns managed to fail so spectacularly even when their R&D dependency was so low judging from the costs allocated. Total loss of credibility in their business acumen after reading this last update, if I was supporting any of their other ventures I'd want to run away from them at Usain Bolt speeds. My response from KickStarter: Kickstarter Support (Kickstarter) Nov 25, 11:30 AM Hi there, We’re very sorry to hear of the situation that has unfolded with the Zano project. For each project, we’re presented with the same information that backers are and we hold each project accountable to the same rules. This is a space where creators are able to test and find support new ideas, not to present items that already exist. We’re unable to vet whether each idea is completely realistic or whether a creator has qualifications to finish their projects, that’s up to backers to decide. Although we are unable to offer refunds on behalf of creators when they are unable to complete a project as promised, our Terms of Use outline how they are expected to bring the project to the best possible conclusion for their backers. We've also sent all backers of the Zano project a message with steps we're going to take to try to make things right. We are constantly working to improve the system and thank you for sharing your experience. We hope you’ll continue to be an active member of the Kickstarter community as we continue to learn and grow. Sincerely, Katherine The explanation does nothing to quell my anger. Anyone with an ounce of smarts would intuitively know that a 27% increase in weight (55g to 70g) would potentially cause problems on the same platform size at these very low weights. Bad engineering and poor management not to be able to estimate through prototyping the impact of all the "enhancements". Still seems very shady to me. Does enhancements mean taking a unit that flies with a controller connected to a Mac to an app that runs on Android and iOS to control Zano? Seems like "enhancements" = more R&D $'s as the basic features promised were never in the prototype device to begin with. My last rant on Zano. Best to wait on these type of technology projects in the future and wait for them to get to retail. Close to two and a half million pounds, they're taking pre-orders for it so however much they got from those... Yeah I call BS. I hope kickstarter does their homework to insure this nonsense, as we have all found out you cannot take anything this company says to be true. Investigate further please. Sound like BS, how is it possible the have spent all that on parts etc and no one has anything to show for it? Either way, if I don't get a refund I'm done with kickstarter. All this email said to me was, "We got your money and spent it like idiots, we kept the rest and are over trying to send you anything, even an explanation. Have fun trying to get it back, Kickstarter is on our side. Smell ya later!" I almost vomited while reading that email. I've been a Kickstarter fan for years and have always suggested it to other people. Halted funding projects after putting in my money for the Zano and Podo. Can't believe Kickstarter let such a huge scam pass through their "vetting" and that all their response is was to pass along the blame. The company is also at fault but honestly, this sort of scam seems to be happening time and time again with no solution offered from Kickstarter than shrugged shoulders. Never going to support any campaign on Kickstarter again. Hopefully a new platform for crowdfunding will come up that's more secure- I just can't let myself or people I know trust this site anymore. Regarding last update : do % refer to the whole money raised with KS or refer to the money spent (in this case : what's the spent amount, where is the rest, etc...) ? Read his little blurb on the Zano project under his experience - <url>£125k from when asking for funding. There must be a lot of cash missing. Con con con Don't be deceived by the pie chart. It simply shows how they divided all the costs, but it doesnt state in any raw figure what those are. That pie chart could be totalling up to say only 300,000$ in cost, and the remaining 2,000,000$ would still be going to the creditors(nobody)/shareholders after liquidiation. They were supposed to be able to do it with 125k £ but could not do it with 2.3milion £. Last update is a lie My biggest issues now are the lies. I was told I was going to be a beta tester but never received a Zano. Did anyone? You sure said people did and that you were working hard. Also then receive emails that my Zano shipped.. Which obviously you didn't. So this entire time you were lying to us. Instead of saying the ship is going down you just had the band play on. Which is an egregious issue and broke the trust of your backers and probably Kickstarter terms of agreement. I know you're bankrupt but I'd really like to see a class action lawsuit against you so that every penny you own is taken away from you for the on going lies and deception. This was a pyramid scheme from inception and constitutes conspiracy to defraud. You are legally liable for this now. I hope you were banned from kick starter and any other site. All you had to do was tell the truth. In 10 months they have earned £326,916.8. Wish I could set my own wage too... mal etwas deutsches im Thread: hat schon jemand aus GER eine Erstattung versucht? Glücklicherweise schützt Unwissenheit vor Strafe nicht, so zumindest in diesem Land, egal wo deren Hauptsitz ist. Daher könnte man Kickstarter durchaus wegen Beihilfe zur Straftat und Missachtung bzw. AGBs zu ungunsten des Backers dran kriegen, jedoch wird es schwer meiner Rechtsschutz dies Schmackhaft zu machen. Gibt es hierzulande bereits solche Versuche, vllt sogar aus dem Raum Berlin? PS: ich bin ja erstaunt das Kickstarter noch auf Beschwerde Mails antwortet,: Kickstarter Support (Kickstarter) Nov 25, 11:17 AM Hi there, Apologies for any inconvenience. Unfortunately, we're unable to respond to your question in German at this time. I’ve gone ahead and used Google Translate for our correspondence for now. Feel free to do the same if you find it necessary! We’re very sorry to hear of the situation that has unfolded with the Zano project. For each project, we’re presented with the same information that backers are and we hold each project accountable to the same rules. This is a space where creators are able to test and find support new ideas, not to present items that already exist. We’re unable to vet whether each idea is completely realistic or whether a creator has qualifications to finish their projects, that’s up to backers to decide. Although we are unable to offer refunds on behalf of creators when they are unable to complete a project as promised, our Terms of Use outline how they are expected to bring the project to the best possible conclusion for their backers. We are constantly working to improve the system and thank you for sharing your experience. We hope you’ll continue to be an active member of the Kickstarter community as we continue to learn and grow. Sincerely, Katherine LevM Nov 21, 6:06 PM Hallo, das Zano-Team hat, wie durch externe Reportagen durch BCC etc., Kickstarter dazu genutzt sich selbst zu bereichern. Das Team hatte weder einen funktionierenden Prototyp (weder zu Beginn noch zu der CES 2015) noch war die Vorstellung des Projektes wahrheitsgemäß. Unter anderem wurde damit geworben, dass das Projekt sinngemäß nur noch einen Feinschliff benötigt und anschließend produziert werden kann (""So, November 2014, where are we? ZANO's aesthetic is complete and we have selected our plastics manufacturing company. Our supply chain is 100% ready to go, from vital components that make ZANO fly, to the very boxes that ZANO is packaged in are all priced and sourced! ZANO is up and flying, holding position, avoiding obstacles, streaming live video back to a smart device, capturing video and photo""). Mittlerweile reagiert das Team nicht mehr auf Mails und in den Medien ist das Totalversagen seitens Kickstarter bereits in Gespräch, denn was tut Kickstarter? - Nichts! außer User-Beiträge löschen. Da ich als Investor (mit Belohnung) aber darauf angewiesen bin, wahrheitsgemäße Angaben vom Objektgründer zu erhalten und Kickstarter als Vermittler auftritt, sollte Kickstarter auch auf die korrekte Umsetzung der eigenen Servicebedingungen achten. Dies geschah bei diesem Projekt jedoch nicht bzw. geschieht noch immer nicht. Daher fordere ich Sie auf, wegen Missachtung eigener AGB's, nicht abgeschlossenem Projekt und ausstehender Kommunikation bzw. fehlender Vermittlungsversuche mir die £139 auf mein Konto zu erstatten. Sollte keine Rückmeldung Ihrerseits bis zum 30.11.2015 erfolgen, so werde ich Kontakt mit meiner Bank aufnehmen und eine Rückerstattung einreichen bzw. die Sachlage erklären und eine Warnung für alle Kickstarter-Transaktionen aussprechen. Gruß Tsai Ming Yuan - You can contact me on facebook.com/djdontw Btw i was asking because ive seen a few people here say they got one from PayPal Hopefully someone can help... When ks collected the money did it go through paypal? If so whats the time that me have to try and get a refund? Thanks for the help.. scroll down to the bottom of the list: ALL Torquing companies are being liquidated <url>"reward" in the form or the "working" product itself. I cannot accept anything else other than a refund. Period! I've filed for claims for both charges (for the pledge & for the additions to the pledge) via my cc & paypal. I know I will get the paypal $ back, its within the paypal time frame. I'm pretty confident I'll get the pledge money back, though they did have me submit the claim in writing, it being several months old! So don't give up on your cc claim coz its K*@kStarter who's on the block for this since they took in the money and I'm pissed at their attitude and the manner they responded and the fact they only began to respond when they realized they could be in for some very serious damage control! So K*@kStarter "Be respectful and considerate" of our money too coz its this, that's paying you! @mikeypies - Superb work! What a brilliant idea. I'm not the brains you are looking for but there'll be plenty here that can help. Brilliant! @Roddy Graham - nice idea and worth another £20. I've got a section 75 claim pending with my UK credit card at this time, if that is unsuccessful then I'll try small claims. Cheers for the heads-up :) I now own www.avoidkickstarter.com should anyone with suitable web knowledge wish to use it we could discuss how best to warn others about Kickstarter. Should Kickstarter wish to refund the backer who have been scammed they are welcome to the domain..... Here's the small claims procedure: <url>"bet" and sometimes you lose. Unfortunately what's left is in the hands of receivers. Basically all they are trumped up accountants! Reading the edict from the receiver above, you can see why my mentor in business always said, "Never ever let your accountant write to a customer or make an announcement on behalf of the company. If you do, your company will fail". Unsure of British law, but all of the principals of these companies should be legally banned from holding Directorships in any companies again. 1st priority is to pay the staff and any other secured creditors, but not Directors, even if they are on the payroll . Good idea to follow the small claims process, pity I cannot do that from the other side of the world. Overall a great pity, because the concept was great, but probably a little optimistic with the benefit of hindsight. My Kickstarter Pebble watch is still going strong and my MeMINI is on the way! 2 out of 3 aren't bad? According to their Company Listing <url>"Be respectful and considerate." @ShadesOfBlack... I agree with your statement. The problem becomes that the business apparently was established with debt prior to the Kickstarter campaign. There are two questions nobody has answered... How were funds used? And, more importantly, are there any funds remaining to dispense back to the backers? At least this info in beginning to spread. Kickstarter, I hope you get these guys as you have demanded to explain exactly where the money went by the 30th. Seems obvious they used it to fund their robotics company and supporting 11-50 employees. Very disappointing! <url>"Kickstarter is not a part of this contract — the contract is a direct legal agreement between creators and their backers" 4. How Projects Work Most of our Terms of Use explain your relationship with Kickstarter. This section is different — it explains the relationship between creators and backers of Kickstarter projects, and who’s responsible for what. This is what you’re agreeing to when you create or back a Kickstarter project. Kickstarter provides a funding platform for creative projects. When a creator posts a project on Kickstarter, they’re inviting other people to form a contract with them. Anyone who backs a project is accepting the creator’s offer, and forming that contract. Kickstarter is not a part of this contract — the contract is a direct legal agreement between creators and their backers. Here are the terms that govern that agreement: When a project is successfully funded, the creator must complete the project and fulfill each reward. Once a creator has done so, they’ve satisfied their obligation to their backers. Throughout the process, creators owe their backers a high standard of effort, honest communication, and a dedication to bringing the project to life. At the same time, backers must understand that when they back a project, they’re helping to create something new — not ordering something that already exists. There may be changes or delays, and there’s a chance something could happen that prevents the creator from being able to finish the project as promised. If a creator is unable to complete their project and fulfill rewards, they’ve failed to live up to the basic obligations of this agreement. To right this, they must make every reasonable effort to find another way of bringing the project to the best possible conclusion for backers. A creator in this position has only remedied the situation and met their obligations to backers if: they post an update that explains what work has been done, how funds were used, and what prevents them from finishing the project as planned; they work diligently and in good faith to bring the project to the best possible conclusion in a timeframe that’s communicated to backers; they’re able to demonstrate that they’ve used funds appropriately and made every reasonable effort to complete the project as promised; they’ve been honest, and have made no material misrepresentations in their communication to backers; and they offer to return any remaining funds to backers who have not received their reward (in proportion to the amounts pledged), or else explain how those funds will be used to complete the project in some alternate form. The creator is solely responsible for fulfilling the promises made in their project. If they’re unable to satisfy the terms of this agreement, they may be subject to legal action by backers. @James Sinnott. I don't agree with the term gamble. I'm fully aware of the risks of KS. I looked at KS as an intelligent gamble based on accurate information being presented and promoted. Look at some of the vids. A man on a mountain bike using an Apple iPhone to trigger me follow me mode. Reece looking at his iPhone showing a group portrait just taken from afar. A screen shot of an app running on an iPhone. Its now clear that this was all faked. Many of us invested, based on this false representation of information. I don't mind risk when people are open an honest. But being deceived is another matter. For KS just to say, buyer beware, our campaigners are responsible for the integrity of their pitch, we sent them an e-mail to inquire as to what is going on, etc, is just BS. They did their homework and built a business where they get a commission on funds "pledged", have absolutely no liability, and only have to worry about building pretty web pages. For me it's the end of a relationship with Kickstarter - can't speak for others off course. It was good when it was good but 3 failed projects without rhyme or reason and I'm out. Backers are a great reason why creators have the opportunity to develop their visions however, we are expected to accept that there is a crowd funding platform which can be used by anyone with bad intentions. Nope, Kickstarter you need to continue to evolve your business model, policies, etc or you will continue to loose more backers and scams will become more prevalent. <url>"new ambiguous class of funders". Even if this is not legally true, I don't think the precedent has been set to protect crowdfunding backers when things go wrong (ie how can Mr Stones claim we're 'not on the pyramid at all to get a portion of any assets?'). For US companies going bankrupt, paid deposits for goods means you can fill out a "proof of claim" to get in the line to recoup some funds. How does this even work in the UK? Does anything change when you paid the 'full amount' instead of a deposit? (there is a difference in US credit card vs merchant failure to ship cases) @Kickstarter, I'm out. I've been very lucky in that over 173 projects backed, only 8 were probably scams/poorly run ventures where I'm never going to see a product/money (luckily low pledge amounts). 9 now. Zano was my largest pledge ever, and will be the last time I let myself blindly lose money through crowdfunding. Will only support creators with a proven track record/will pay more to buy products in a store after it is created. I suppose I'd forgotten to "treat crowdfunding like a charitable donation — donate at will, but understand that you may never get anything back in return" (M. Woodruff). Torquing Group Ltd is a 100% owner of Torquing Robotics Ltd (1 share at 100%). If you look at the ownership of Torquing Group Ltd, looks to be 10% owned by Alfred Dietrich, 20% by Anna Dietrich, 25% by Bluestone Industries Ltd (private equity investor?), 20% by Ivan Reedman and 25% by Rockford Lane Ltd. Guess who is the 100% owner of Rockford Lane, none other than Reece Crowther. Why does he need to hide behind another corporate entitiy? Mmm .... This project doesn't hurt me, it just broke the Kickstarter and other real creator's credit. Shame on Torquing, shame on ZANO. Their LinkedIn profile says "Torquing Group Ltd was established in 2011, bringing together resources and skills from Torquing Robotics Ltd and Torquing Technology Ltd. " Not sure what the exact relationship is between the 2 @ emmanuel Tuts I don't believe that the two companies is a trick to save themselves because if you go look on <url>£215 lost - HOPE KS will have a project for what happened!!!! fuck Linked in page - <url>"Risks and challenges" section: 'The risk isn’t if you will get it, it is simply when you will get it'' KS projects should perhaps have clear accounts on how money is spent (or not as the case may be). It should certainly have a clause that any monies not spent in the event of a project failure are returned. Another suggestion would be staged release of capital with perhaps backer oversite i.e. a vote if people still want to continue releasing money to a project or cut their losses. Something does have to change. I have no issues with an amibitious project reaching but failing to achieve but this one where they seem to have spent a lot of time and effort making it look like everything was ok only to screw us all is hard to take. That they were still sending us Shipping Updates in October is galling. Anyways, I probably wont back anything further, certainly not in the price bracket. A The conclusion I have absolutely come to now is that KS is not worth the risk. Ever. I won't be backing anything any more I think. No protection for backers whatsoever. KS you have failed us all. Contact the media, and all the people in this list. We need to take action: <url>"disappear" <url>£200! Would love it if someone sued, I'd fully support that. I am surprised that KS would have let that message from the LIQUIDATOR through.. knowing how disgruntled we are. wouldn't you think they would monitor messages for this Campaign? I assume that very rude and blunt email went out to all 12K backers? I certainly wasn't happy reading it.. and I assume the other 12K backers are not. Dear Kickstarter The project creator is clearly shown as Torquing Group Ltd whereas the administrators email is from Torquing Robotics Limited. I have no knowledge of this Company. Please ask your legal counsel to check your due diligence forms as a priority and respond to this upon our behalf. With best regards If you have not already done so, this project has been reported to Pembrokeshire County Council Trading Standards. I suggest that you complete and forward the questionnaire to them. <url>… I'll put $ into funding a social media campaign of high profile accounts if someone is up to organising it - warning people about the pitfalls of KS, and now the pure arrogance of both KS and the Zano clowns... Stumbled across a couple links while I was looking into how I would go about requesting a refund on every active project I have on Kickstarter at the moment. <url>’s a big shame that this is possible and that the getting away with it.!! Kickstarter what are you gonna do about it? I think Update #50 where the Liquidator pretty much confirms KS created what is seemingly a new ambiguous class of funders (aka backers) WITH NO STATUS, highlights why I'm so upset here and why I feel like a mug and why I will follow KS's likely main line of defence here of 'the terms were there, nobody forced you to back' by not backing anymore until the terms become at least halfway reasonable for the backers. I wonder if the Liquidator is laughing at us for our pitiful position here :-) @Phoenix Youth - a brilliantly thought out and worded post. Thank you. It sums up for me, why KS will change nothing, how easy they have it, and how all the risk is on the backers. I shall put this post on my office wall, along with update #49, to remind myself why I must not back any further crowdfunder projects. Delete Kickstarter and never back another project. Get the word out to others so they can learn from our mistakes. I guess I was naive to think my money was safe one way or the other. Don't be naive like me. Spend your money on an actual finished product, not on a promise. I have sat backed and watched all of this for a while and read the terms and conditions inside out and looked into how the KS platform actually works and who it works for. I have contacted KS management with my concerns, some suggestions, some questions and a plea for KS to change how it operates so that the platform is more equitable. I received one reply, it did not address my concerns or answer my questions, it was effectively another cut and paste response from people who are not great at working with backers. I have come to understand what some of you may already know or are coming to realise. KS is for KS and Creators, it has no interest in your welfare, you are a wallet, a pot of money to be taken advantage of. The KS platform is designed to support creators, it needs creators to find it easy to get cash from us with no strings, no promises, no guarantees and no refunds attached, this is attractive to creators and scammers. This is why creators go to the KS platform, it is cheap, responsibility free cash and nobody checks if you are capable to deliver the project or even plan to deliver the project. The platform survives by offering you nothing other than a shop window, a pleasant place to browse, with a great community feel, somewhere backers will feel, because they are led to, to believe they are part of some sort of almost rebel system, supporting the little man against the banks and corporations. This is an illusion, this is designed to make you feel safe, safe enough to trust the KS and the creator, safe enough to part with your cash. Because this is what they need to survive. KS will not change their terms and conditions or model of business to give more support to backers, because they don't have to and if they did they would be more accountable and would have to do work to protect us and them. They will not change, they will try to weather the storm and hope most of the public never hears of the Zano scam and they are likely to get away with it. There are things we can do about this, the most obvious is don't use KS any more, they need you more than you need them, you will miss opportunities to access great projects at a moderate to small discount, what you will save on delivered projects you will almost certainly make a loss on others, this loss is likely to be more than your saving. So wait, take no risk and spend 15% more when it is succesfully delivered in the shops, where you do have protect against poor products and failure to deliver. If you enjoy backing through KS, you will have to live with the risk of getting badly burnt. But if you do continue to use KS, please push the creator, before you back, ask, who are they, what is their experience, why should you back, where else did they seek funding, why didn't they get it, who is the team, what experience do they have in project delivery, do they have a working prototype, who is going to help them, what are their plans for an exit stratergy if things go wrong? Ask them all of the questions we thought KS asked, ask for proof of everything, back nothing that cannot really convince you that it is really worth the loss. Creators will hate this, they don't want the scrutiny, they want your cash, they will find this questioning difficult and will resent it if they are not professional to deliver, if they are genuine they will have no problem. But i suspect what will happen is that less creators are likely to use KS as they will not want the extra work, or KS will have to do this for them and vet projects properly and at that point I might start to trust KS a little more. KS as a platform should vet all projects, should care for backers, should support creators to deal with huge sums of cash and no experience, but they will not, it is not in their interest. KS gets its cash every time, the creator will get lots of cash more often than not and you will still carry all of the risk. We are walking away until KS respects us and understands that without us they are nothing. No backers = no creators = no KS fees. Good luck everybody, maybe see you on alternative platforms. Claim your refunds and hit kickstarter where it hurts in the pocket. Just read this and it means the Recce and Co are in line for a pay out from our backer funds on the 4 dec, ROTFL. I just had a thought about this latest update so I called Stones & Stones for some clarification. All backers have now been informed via email that they are not considered creditors in this project. So basically £2.3m in debt is wiped from the books. So I asked them who creditors would be then. I asked whether any directors that put money into this project would be creditors and guess what? Yes they would be. So Reece and the Busby's, the people that lost everyone their money, now get a share of whatever is left. This is vile Hold on a second!!! Are we all thick??? A liquidator by law must present there company details as to who is carrying out the liquidation. Im sorry but "Gary Stones on behalf of torquing group" is not company details. There should also be contact details which there is not. This is getting worse and worse and its looking more like kickstarter may know a little more than letting on!! @thomas day what bank you use, and any one here from México??? Hay Kickstarter you deleted my post about claiming the funds bank from my bank. Now your just trying to winding me up. I encourage others to claim the money bank from your bank and credit cards. So, just watched Creating Zano Part 2 again: <url>"Torquing's enthusiasm comes from knowledge, not just blind optimism...It's been designed with manufacturing in mind....It's the whole package.... The technology embedded in the product is truly remarkable....Success...Bringing jobs to Wales"! So, what did they all see when shown Zano and were they actually told to say all this nonsense anyway. Then Recce at the end says..."as you can see not only do the guys have the same enthusiasm, and ambition and drive for Zano as we do, but they also have the capability to deliver Zano to you guys, and that was so important to us" Hmmmmmmmm! Well in the end, all a load of b....llcks! Also, what's Torquing's EMS got to say about all of this now? We haven't heard a peep or squeak out of them at all. Maybe it's time for BBC to go and do some more digging around in Wales and talk to them. Just a thought. P.s. Kickstarter This isn't going away with a few words in an email. We want action. Get us into the creditors meeting. I have contacted watchdog too. So should you. Kickstarter (Kickstopper?) should be proud to display Zano on their wall of fame page: <url>"UNDO" it. I'm not encourage doing anything to drive Kickstarter out of the crowdfunding business (don't neglect this possibility in the internet world). Actually, I'm interested in a lot of Kickstarter hot projects. Before I back other Kickstarter projects (am I crazy?), I'd like to confirm with the creator whether I’ll get the reward. So, I'm now considering seriously to post my question in those projects: "Hi Creator, I'm interested in your project. Unfortunately, I had a bad experience recently that I paid £184.95 to back a £2.3M Zano project, but I finally get nothing after waiting for 1 year. Can I have your word that you will really develop the product and deliver it as promised? Then, I'll consider to back your project.". You know, most potential backers are not aware of our situation, but they will know more after google Zano. Will they hesitate in backing? I'm not sure. But I'm sure the news will be spreading quickly in the crowdfunding community. BTW, Zano is one of top 20 most funded projects in Kickstarter history (refer to <url>"Be respectful and considerate"... OK then, kick starter. You allow these scum bags to defraud thousands of supporters and then we get this slap in the face, after the last kick in the balls update. I'm done with kickstarter, this is absolutely ridiculous. You guys better get on the ball, or zano will bring you down with them. According to Companies House (the place where all UK based companies are required to register themselves) TORQUING ROBOTICS LIMITED (as mentioned in the liquidator message) and TORQUING GROUP LTD (the project creator) are actually 2 separate companies, with a separate set of directors, founded on a different day: <url>£174 is probably more hassle to us as individuals than it is worth, however the fact remains that Kickstarter itself has received a considerable amount of commission for promoting and encouraging us to back it. Commission which should now be spent on a. Prosecuting or pursuing Torquing or their members for fraud. whilst at the same time b. Proving if nothing else that Kickstarter itself does not tolerate let alone benefit from such frauds. Failure by Kickstarter to take any action at all renders the whole concept of crowd funding ripe for future abuse. Kick starter should also begin putting its house in order by CAPPING the amount of over subscription each project can be allowed to receive. Right now there are projects that are 10 times over subscribed - projects that as a result of this more often than not fail to meet production or delivery because they are swamped with commitments to ship far greater numbers of pledges than they originally planned for. At this moment in time I am embarrassed to have introduced friends and other family members to Kickstarter and will no longer be recommending the site or backing any future projects for more than $1 If Kickstarter does not take some positive steps to pursue and hassle the people responsible for this fraud then I hope other backers will vote with their feet and leave Kickstarter to whither away. Also if Kickstarter choose to do nothing legally about this situation then it surely will be the duty of backers to make sure that other potential backers know just how unsafe crowd funding really is and spread the word over as many media platforms and the NET as possible. The ball is now in Kickstarters court. Act now or face a barrage of negativity from 12000 or so angry backers - see how that effects business. I have been stung on several projects recently both here on kickstarter and on indiegogo. Once all the remaining projects I am backing finish that is me totally finished with crowd funding no matter how good a product is. Anyone else get a letter from KS, that basically says "tough s@#t" ... you lost your money, but we got ours ... so go suck a lemon? The fact that Torquing used photorealistic renderings in violation of the Kickstarter agreement adds proof that the executives at Torquing Group intended to break the law soliciting money under false pretense from the very beginning. Kickstarter may or may not have known that the videos were fraudulent but they share in responsibility because it happened thru their product. Sheri E Stefano Bellelli- to contact attorney general <url>"physical products must feature explicit demos of working prototypes", without using photorealistic renderings. That was the main point that convinced me to back the Zano project. Now it's clear that Torquing Group didn't show us demos of working prototypes, but only fake videos. So, how could Kickstarted let the Zano campaign reach its impressive numbers without a good investigation???? I mean, from the page <url>£0.20 per pledge). So, for Zano, Kickstarted gained about 190,000 £ (it's about 290,000 $ or 270,000 €). Why didn't they have spent a few bucks to take a cheap fly to UK and verify if TG had a working prototype??? I think that a lot of people will be much less inclined to trust Kickstarter. I for one will never use Kickstarter anymore. What if I also bought extras on the flyzano website? I'm fucked in both ways? How to contact the attorney general? All backers need to make a concerted effort. 1 pursue The creator of Zano and also Kickstarter. SCAM-GOGO SCAM-STARTER Now, they are the Same SCAM site I am VERY dissapointed with this situation where they started to ship units but all of a sudden they go bankcrupt! At least in the Province of Quebec (Canada) there is a consumer protection law that forces credit card companies to refund consumer if a company never delivers the product or service. I am calling them right away and forget about any future backing on Kickstarter. Only thing left is contacting Washington attorney general and do class action like was done. With the cards Per Kickstarter, this out will not work, as you failed to meet your obligations to Kickstarter as well as the backers. Expect legal action under the international wire fraud statutes in the State of Texas. From Kickstarter: Kickstarter’s Terms of Use set up an agreement between creators and backers that outlines what is supposed to happen if a creator is unable to complete their project. This agreement requires the creator to come forward and explain what happened and how funds were used, and to offer any remaining funds to backers. (Kickstarter does not issue refunds — the creator does so if there’s money left.) You can read this agreement in full here. As of now, the Zano creators have failed to meet these obligations. And as our terms state, this failure can subject them to legal action by backers. Thanks for Phil Luettmann's very useful information. We should gather and seek help from UK & US government. Please click to facebook page of "Alliance for the victims from scam of ZANO on kickstarter " to discuss what to do next. I've emailed BBC Watchdog asking them to investigate " class action lawsuit " now ! who is going to take care of this here ? Here is the answers why the pre-paid customers receive refunds: <url>"misleading" communication (in the very best Interpretation of "Through innovation and diligent research and development, We are 100% confident in delivering an Autonomous and Intelligent aerial photography and video platform. We know our technology works"). <url>à la Kickstarter is falling a part. You make Money through People loosing Money. BACK on Kickstarter = no money back PREORDER just after Kickstarter campaign = money back Kickstarter, are you ready to defend your cash cow or not? Folks, there is only one way to get the Attention from the media and News outlets. Stop shouting here and support: <url>#petition-letter The similar case took place in Kickstarter in 2012. Finally, Washington State King County High court order Kickstarter to pay back donors. Kickstarter as the platform between the Torquing group and backers, who is responsible to protect the backers and monitor the project creators. Please click to facebook page of Alliance for the victims from scam of ZANO on kickstarter to discuss what to do next. The news as follow: Failed Asylum Playing Card Kickstarter ordered to pay back donors Failed card Kickstarter 'Asylum Playing Card' fined $25,000 and ordered to pay back all crowdfunding for not delivering 華盛頓州一法院裁定了一間 Kickstarter 集資公司須就違背集資承諾賠款 <url>£2,335,119 is nice amount of being shared with company members. Zano only shipped 0.03% of total numbers of zanos which has ordered. Good job, kickstarter is easy place to rob people moneys. :D Anyone from HK? please email @ <email> May I suggest a legal recourse: Firstly, forget Torquing Group Ltd, the company will disappear after the liquidation. Kickstarter, unwisely (as the effect on their business model may be catastrophic), will claim that they are merely a portal. However it is clear that the directors themselves committed a significant act of fraud by taking money for a product that they claimed they could facilitate but clearly could not, including the faking of material to entice monies from their victims. In simple terms this is daylight robbery and the directors can be considered liable to criminal proceedings. Jail awaits for the directors if they don't return our monies and we act accordingly Kickstarter took their fee off the top. The liquidation lawyers will take their fee off the bottom. the backers take it up the ass! yours faithfully LOL way to go!!! Posted by Torquing Group Ltd Backer3x fbbbec7e19daae492d7b513a00a5d0674169435def65236032450d29174a84c5 For backers only GS/GS/TL/T210 24th November 2015 TO ALL KICKSTARTER BACKERS Dear Sirs Torquing Robotics Limited - In Liquidation Company Number 7782038 I would inform that monies from pledges paid by Kickstarter “backers” received by the company are not debts owed by the company nor are they equity investments. Kickstarter states on its website that Kickstarter funding cannot be used to offer equity, financial returns or to solicit loans.It is also stated by Kickstarter that projects cannot offer financial incentives like equity or repayment.As such, Kickstarter “backers” have no status as creditors in the liquidation of Torquing Robotics Limited for the non-receipt of rewards in the failed project.Hence, no notice of any creditors’ meeting is applicable. No proof of debt forms and/or proxies from Kickstarter “backers” will be admitted for voting purposes at the creditors’ meeting on 4th December 2015. Without remotely being inconsiderate any Kickstarter “backers” that attempt to gain access at the creditors’ meeting on 4th December 2015 will be refused entry.I sincerely hope that this release will ensure that Kickstarter “backers” do not waste their time and money by travelling here on 4th December 2015. I trust that this clarifies the position but from those who have contacted my firm to date I believe that all Kickstarter “backers” are already aware. Yours faithfully for and on behalf of TORQUING ROBOTICS LIMITED GARY STONES LIQUIDATOR Each backer should contact Interpol and have Tourqing Group offices raided. Their records will prove the scam and send them to jail. We may have lost our money. But they will lose their freedom. A scam is a scam is a scam. What the scammers fail to realize is that it becomes an international racket when backers from around the world pledge their funds. Not only are they subject to local laws but now they are subject to international laws as well. LATEST UPDATE FOR ZANO BACKERS PROJECT #50 You;re fucked! faithfully yours The Torquing group "We are 100% confident in delivering an Autonomous and Intelligent aerial photography and video platform. We know our technology works." Not worth the pixels they're written on. Just when you think you can put this sorry project aside, a biting update comes to remind you of how bad this project really is. Thanks, Torquing, for taking our money, failing with it, and then not even having the common decency to make a formal apology before sending your lawyers to kick us in the nuts. Utterly shameful. If torquing robotics cannot deliver then torquing group should. They used it's name in promotions.. Even the main headline quotes it. Shared liability? Whatever happened to decent, appreciative and honest! You are the people Torquing Robotics Ltd who give humanity despair. So you are not a Corporation doesn't that make each of you personally liable? David Kemp and others THANK YOU for your correspondence and responses. We should Kickstarter for lawyer fees to fight against them and all similar companies and projects. Finally Kickstarter can be used for good for the loyal backers. I've backed over 420 projects and I've lost money before with failed and scam projects, but this is ridiculous!! £2.3 million in the kitty of illuminati... I'm never investing in anything that has a logo with those symbolisms ever again.... Never ever... But it'd be fun to fight these egotistical nuggets..who think they are free to do as they please.. Because they don't believe in morals and values and ethics. Trust me kiddos... You may get away with this but not with life... It'll bite you right back. I sincerely hope the culprits suffer via their families So fake? Where are all these ZANOs gentlemen? <url>’t if you will get it, it is simply when you will get it, if any supply issues arise! (We are working hard to ensure they do not!) secondly all along the process there hasn't been a mention of difficulties from Toorquings end . all was going well according to them until they let all us backers know that they just threw the towel. thirdly the demo video of zano on Kickstarter shows a fully functionnal drone working like a charm. no where there is a statement that this info isn't the actual working product nor does it state that it needs further development. also Torquing Robotics Limited should release (according to Kickstarter rules ) a statement on where the investments where done and what went wrong ... so far nothing has been disclosed also according to the rules on Kickstarter they should release what they have to the backer community . just saying "sorry we messed up" doesn't cut it . So the question we all ask is where did it go wrong and will Torquing release all research material equipment and already produced parts towards the backer community. also a very important fact is that some pre-order customers got a drone before the actual backers poses a big issue as well ... seeing how things unfold for now the intentions of Torquing even seem to be fraudulent and false . £2,335,119 for manufacturing purpose up in smoke isn't reasonable. they stated they had a finished product needed funding to get production costs down and therefor they needed £125,000 . My biggest question is what happened with the rest of the funding. until the very end they said they were shipping ... As Torquing robotics Limited started this campaign on Kickstarter,and so doing agreed on the terms and conditions of Kickstarter,they will need to meet its obligations towards the community as well . Please inform us on the steps to come in regards to my request. I am highly disappointed with this project. Reading through the campaign the company said they were 100% confident in delivering their product and that the money was purely to enable mass production to bring the costs down. That in itself resulted in me and 12,074 other victims trusting them to deliver what they promised. They led us to believe that it wasn't an investment in a new still to be designed and costed product but basically an upfront payment for a product that they were 100% confident of delivering, how they then claim we're not creditors and the company owes us nothing is crazy! We ordered and paid for a product that we didn't receive, that's the bottom line. Kickstarter T&C's also state that if a company is unable to fulfil a project it should be open and honest with its backers as soon as possible and try its best to deliver as much of the project as possible. All we get is delayed shipment dates and then two rude project updates through Kickstarter (not even proper letters or emails) telling us that basically we've spent all your money, gone bust, oh and jog on you're not entitled to anything. No explanations of what went wrong or anything. That is very unprofessional and unacceptable and I hope that if the directors are at all human (which I doubt) and have a conscience that their actions cause them to have trouble sleeping at night with them knowing that they've defrauded 12,075 people and basically stolen £2.3 million pounds. I do also hope that they are held personally responsible for this shambles. It then comes to light that some if not all of the 600 drones (non working) that were shipped were shipped to people pre ordering on the website, not even the original backers of the project. talk about adding insult to injury. I believe that Kickstarter could be doing a lot more than they are to help us here. Even if it's using some of the 5% fee they took out of the £2.3 million to get legal assistance on behalf of its users. I for one will never use Kickstarter again. That latest update was a victim of excessive legalese. Necessary for them, but entirely inappropriate for "backers". A little humility would go a long way. I'm not a native English speaker, but it seems as kind of unnecessary rude "update". The words used (like "monies") make me think, that the "person", that wrote it, was not only an asshole, but also drunk @KS should represent the KS backers at any liquidation / bankruptcy proceeding and seek to have the backers identified as being owed some portion of the settlement. Criminal charges should be sought against the leaders of Torquing Group. KS is in full moderation mode it seems. Where is my comments ????? Irregardless of what is right and wrong legally we don't think we have to give you back a dime, so piss off and cheerio. What a bunch of asshats. I have 2 other Kickstarter projects that have already been collected but that is it, if I can't buy it outright I will go without. Where is our comments Isn't it possible to have a report of sources and uses of funds? Any project backed by something like Kickstarter should at least publicly communicate financial statements, this is ridiculous... zero supervision.... Although I already knew that I am not buying from TG so I can't get my money back in this case, but the rude and pointless message from the liquidator really makes me angry. I'm feeling that we are being blamed and we shouldn't be a backer / supporter. Dear liquidator you should understand that we are victims, not criminals. Wow the message from the liquidator is impressively rude. Should you wish to contact them to complain their details are on their website <url>"Torquing Group". The only Reference to Torquing Robotics Ltd - The company that is now in Liquidation - was after we had pledged. Have a look at Kickstarters email to confirm your pledge, it reads: "If this project is successfully funded, we will process your payment to Torquing Robotics Ltd on: ***. " Very convenient for Torquing Group to let the part of the group go into liquidation after we have funded the R&D to build a drone. I wonder how long it will be before Torquing start selling a similar drone? Kickstarter - you have to act to stop this now or there will be other similar scams that will put you out of business. Get our Money Back - Not just for us backers but for the sake af your future. You cannot hide behind your T's & C's. Signed... <url>中井さん はい、残念ながら詐欺だそうです。 Before this last message, I was giving them the benefit of the doubt, but now that the fucking lawyers started making comments on social media, I am pissed. With a really good explanation and a heartfelt apology as to why the project didn't succeed, I could have cared less about the money; so I gambled, and I lost. Ok, I can deal with that. In fact, many a company have actually failed to succeed because of lawyers greed in the first place. Unfortunately that is the ugly lawsuits and lawyers world that we live in. But after receiving no apologies from any of the parties involved in the zano project, and now a lawyer prick, with a little prick, posting this statement, I am done supporting expensive projects on KS. In fact, because of the way KS has handled this, I will consider other venues for crowd funding. Kickstarter, you are an unprofessional company, and the backlash will be, a lot less expensive projects being funded, and a lot less people willing to waste their money through you. I am one of those people. Kickstarter should make good and do the right thing. They should forfeit and use their commission that they received from this project back to us backers. I believe that us backers may be less hard on Kickstarter. Right now, with Kickstarter keeping their commission for this flawed project and just reiterating what is in their "rules" is just "spitting in our faces". DO THE RIGHT THING, KICKSTARTER!!! We all got screwed and Kickstarter should be too. Perhaps, this can be a lesson for Kickstarter and make them change their "rules" to not make another 12,000+ backers so angry in the future. Dude, it´s £2.335.119,00 In my country its like R$ 9.245.861,86. Its clearly impossible to spend all this money in a simple project like this. All this money can be spend on manufactoring in large scale, but 2 thounsand of euros in just a project, impossible. Refund to Backers NOW! If anyone is anygood with websites can I suggest something? Signed the petition! @KS Why did you delete my comment? You should ask the Liquidator guy be respectful and considerate, NOT us. His update just make me feel the backers are idiot. This is all pretty pathetic. I understand that we have lost our money. Comes with the territory. However, the response from Kickstarter and this liquidator are a little long on CYA and short on anything that resembles trying to do the right thing. The idea that you pledged in return for a product - but that you don't have a claim on the company as a result, is madness. The company took money in exchange for the promise to deliver a product - that is the substance of the actual transaction. That is the definition of a creditor - someone who paid something in return for something else that hasn't yet been delivered. They can hide behind the legal fiction of a "contribution" that is somehow unrelated to the "reward", but that is not the facts of the actual transaction. Varying levels of money (determined by the backer) was "pledged" in exchange for predetermined awards (also determined by the backer). These "rewards" were extensively advertised by the backer both in the Kickstarter universe and elsewhere. Trying to parse those as separate, unrelated transactions is intellectual dishonesty. The fact that these pledges are not considered in liquidation is absolute rubbish. It has been obvious to me for months that Torquing was not going to produce a nano drone. My suspicion is that the project was a scam from the beginning. If not, it became one. This has been an interesting experience for me. Having reached the age of 68 years without being scammed once I find my main feeling is one of disappointment in Kickstarter and The Torquing Group. Some anger in the mix also. My few hundred dollars lost is painful to my ego but no big deal. £2,335,119 from 12,075 backers - now that is a big deal ! I hope there are criminal charges that can be brought against the officers of The Torquing Group and that Kickstarter will help in that endeavor. Signed. <url>#50 is plain rude and insulting, failed to address the issues on transparency and explains where the money went. Seriously whats with all the sweet talk and shipping schedule before this than despite delaying over a year? Please sign this up guys. : <url>#petition-letter Everyone should reply to the mail that ks sended to us. Guys, credit card is the only hope for you. Let bank fight for us. <url>´t control them and feel not resposable if someone is acting off them??????? Be honest Unbelievable. Kickstarter. You deleted my comment. The biggest scam and fraud in history. Signed the petition. This is already the second project I got cheated in Kickstarter I feel so disappointed for a platform of cheater "legally" cheating people Money is not the biggest part got cheated. It's the "Hope" and trust between human being got destroyed. People like me won't feel any more motivation on backing any project now. Except all of these cases haven been done in probably way. @KS Why did you delete my comment? You should ask the Liquidator guy be respectful and considerate, NOT us. His update just make me feel the backers are idiot. @moomoosan Can you tell me what documentation Amex need in Australia? I used my wife's card and need to give her everything she needs to explain what happened. BACK on Kickstarter = no money back PREORDER just after Kickstarter campaign = money back So Kickstarter, are you ready to defend your cash cow or not? Untill then don't Forget: <url>#petition-letter Hi there all. Can we have discussion forum for all the backers which is not connected to Kickstarter or this Fraud company. There we can change information between very angry people who won't let this issue slide by. We are all connected world wide so even if they start hiding they cannot stop fearing. I suggest when we are able to have this portal people start posting it on their comments as well while they leave comments here. Also signed the petition. If legal action is a possibility, that the KS email at least says is a possibility. How could it be coordinated? With so many people would a petition be a first step? Get names etc and have a list of all those affected and what action people want to take? I mean I know KS projects always come with risk, I don't hold KS responsible even for their cut of the funds. We wouldn't hear about these things without KSs platform. Torque are the ones who haven't upheld their end of the agreement and, frankly, haven't given anyone enough information, which is a term of all KS projects. if interested sign this Petition: <url>"backer" guy doing something stupid? I think KS should still explain why the staff from KS has picked ZANO as a project. For me this was the motivation to back ZANO. So as a backer I must be able to trust KS and their staff that in case of a pick it is a good project which has been carefully reviewed by KS. So if KS does extra marketing for a project like this and is motivating people to back a project, I think KS should also be involved in this and cannot say that they have nothing to do with it. KS has not been neutral in this case. I am pretty sure a good lawyer can make something out of it.... This case better be a good sample to advertise kickstarter, thx no more crowdfunding shit anymore どういうこと？詐欺？ They knew well before to begin that they would not end until. it is sufficient to be to read the rules of kisckstarer: we can take $3.3 million, and liquidate the company without be worried. tomorrow I will imagine a super project, i would not, i just enough in marketing, take the money and after bye bye: torquing group band of thieves. WE MUST NOT LET IT DO. we have to depos against fraud to the police in wales. All this ugly story is also a dangerous milestone , who assures us that in future another company does not point to the failure to steal a large amount of backers' money! I believe that crowfounding is also a mindset focused on trust in others , this evasive attitude is an insult to these principles. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Update #50 from Stones is an insult and in no way addresses transparency and explains where the money went. May the fleas of 1000 camels infest his and his family's armpits for being so rude. Same goes for the management of TG for their refusal of transparency and explanation. Not looking for my money back, but demanding TG and their associates step up and at least act like respectable humans, which they are not now. Wow, it seems to me that less people are interested in signing petitions... I think it is important to show how many of 12,075 backers supports a petition, we are only less than 2000 people who singed, where on earth did the rest of the +10,000 backers go? not interested in giving out a voice? not interested in showing support? Please show your support and sign the petition! <url>#petition-letter @KS: why did you cancel my comment? BBC website paraphrase So essentially torquing had 4 working drones but they cost £30k each. They could not replicate similar functionality in a sub £200 nano version If there's a creditor liquidating then we can now assume that Torquing ran up credit card debt and/or took out loans in addition to Kickstarter investment and pre-sale orders. Sounds like a Ponzi Scheme. Sorry, but the letter of the lawyer is really a cheek. I expect from Kickstarter to clarify this situation, otherwise this drives KS ad absurdum. are there any import restrictions in UK for feder's , tar , dung-fork's and torches ? :-) lets do it berner oberländerstyle :-) Out of interest, is the 'creator' of this project Torquing group Ltd - a Ltd company or is the Creator Reece Crowther? On the creator page it is not very clear as it refers to a 'person' not a company. If it is a person rather than a company and this person has broken the agreement with Kickstarter he should be starting to worry. Some clarification from Kickstarter support is needed here. This is bullshit That update is just kicking mud in all our faces Even if the money had been spent an d it was a failed product - an honest company would be transparent and open and more caring These guys just bailed and hired some fuck wit liquidator to now ban The backers from attending! It's not even about money- it's about their lack of empathy and lack of responsibility Thinking legal action - we need to coordinate it some how Auch aus Deutschland ! Geht mal auf das deutsche Forum unter www.zanoforum.com. Robin, try apple daily but i dont think it works. A hk layers has stated that this ks sign up can be considered as a form of 'contract', you may sue the company if they cannot fullfill the rewards in/on time, but thru only the civil law This user's account has been deleted. They knew well before to begin that they would not end until. it is sufficient to be to read the rules of kisckstarer: we can take $3.3 million, and liquidate the company without be worried. tomorrow I will imagine a amazing project, i would not, i just enough in marketing to make the holdup and after bye bye: torquing group band of thieves. WE MUST NOT LET IT DO I am not a UK law expert. A few thoughts: 1. Torquing Group Ltd caused a damage with financial Impact to the backers. We must be allowed in the Liquidation process to put up our damage claims. 2. If this was fraud, is there a different angle for us? Like, are the directors personally liable in the case of fraud? 3. How can we make sure that they are never allowed to do business (as directos in the UK) in the future? What about the SFO? <url>有香港的嗎？我們要怎樣投訴？寫信給KS已經沒用，寫給英國的我也寫了，沒有迴應。 At first I tried to not be mad at Kickstarter.. But honestly... They made their cut of $ and they're fine and dandy and made it perfectly clear they won't be giving their portion back to those they took it from. There's no way I can support this company with that kind of attitude @Gary Stones the liquidator guy. You are just rude. Very rude. Yes the money has gone we know this but why so rude? There is not need for it. Hopefully my bank might help. <url>#50 - don't know whether to laugh or cry... Well I'm going to attempt a chargeback today and see if my bank can force the money back out of them. I'm not waiting around for these fools to figure out how they can keep all the money we sent them. So we are not even considered as creditors by the liquidator... <url>". Any problems? they disappear and hide - terrible experiences. This is the second project I pledged that went belly up. First was CA7CH Lightbox and now Zano! Kickstarter must be made accountable!!. My opinion is ALL future projects must have INSURANCE COVER to guarantee delivery of projects. This way insurance companies will compensate all pledgers. After 2 failed projects KS ain't getting another $ from me. @ Thomas and Marcus Herold My email: <email> 2 million pounds fraud!! We are idiots in believing in Kickstarter They are the biggest thieves!! They should return their part (probably 10%) in this project to backers!! But as a real thieves they are not going to... Kickstarter letter to all backers is so useless, why they even bother? zeno and the creators of zano are thieves not failures... Kickstarter is also the biggest thief of them all that's why I stopped backing projects. @ Marcus Herold I'm from germany too. So..thats 3 including me @ Axel V. I'm from germany too I guessmore than 12,075 backers .. :-) i am writing mai after mail to all the reporters i know here in swiss ( and i worked for a newspaper once so there are some :-) Not just about zano but about KS and why to give money to ks for nothing binding .. if the crowedfounding platform does not take a little responsebility ( for example act as a investor in the firm at least with the big deals) there is no need for such a platform .. preorder directly woud be the better way and a newsplatorm to share the news about projects ... anyway the realy hollow mail from KS gave me the kick to become active ...and for sure you lost 12,075 backers... 'Today they will send them an email' Well done KS. Very powerfull decision after taking taking 'your' money and run........... all i can say to KS and their last email is that i will never use their services anymore...you will just receive a bad publicity from me to all people i know. You ripped my money one but it will never happen again.. happy you.. and for a little more .. There is 20min .. <url>"The creators of Zano will not be allowed to launch another project on Kickstarter." I bet they are running scared now, if they can't run another KS project? Haven't KS heard of Indiegogo? This is the second project I backed going wrong, first was The Freedman Chair <url>´m lucky for not getting hurt. If it wasn´t so sad it could be funny: I backed a chair for better sitting and back relief and almost broke my back with it... Now with the ZANO I got nothing but a statement. I think I will think at least twice before backing again. Why is this not hitting mainstream press? Thats one thing I cant help with or have any contacts with. The louder we get the better chance of justice - maybe not recovery but those perpetrting the SCAM ...Mr Alfred Thomas Dietrich Mr Ivan James Reedman Mr Philip Andrew David Mr Philip Victor Busby Mr Reece Crowther Mrs Anna Reedman (Very well paid wife of Ivan). Hope they all enjoyed their $300,000 romp at CES. @SiuSun "Can we start a Kickstarter crowdfunding project to sue Kickstarter?' LOVE THE IDEA. That would at least get their attention. Interesting point of law here - both UK and US - Kickstarter claim TOS indemnify them from failed projects. This is correct. However, Kickstarter failed in their duty of care to validate and verify and keep Zano to their obligations and as such were negligent in their management and over seeing of the project as was expected by the community and hence have a liability. Zano designs and inventory and some assets should surely be available for "sale" by the liquidator. Surely creditors have first rights to make an offer for the "assets". I'll put up some money for legal to hold Kickstarter accountable for their role in this SCAM and to sue the founders of Zano personally - Need a lawyer in the UK and one in the US for each case. Recovery isnt the issue - protecting people from future scams and being dumped as Kickstarter appear to be doing is worth putting in a few thousand to make a statement. Its not the money but the principle. Like so many of you, I'm angry. Zano's apparently deliberate deceptions are unforigiveable. If Zano is liquidated, suing is not going to get backers a cent. Backers would just lose even more money to lawyers and legal fees. To me, that's adding insult to injury. Bottom line, our money is gone. We took a risk and got burned. As the old saying goes, "Fool me once, shame on you... Fool me twice, shame on me." Like so many of you, I've made the decision not to back any more KS projects. The amount I've lost via my Zano pledge makes any "early bird" savings I've received over time on other projects largely moot. I have always enjoyed supporting the many honest people and their great ideas and projects. But given this Zano debacle, the risk now outweighs the fun. Seriously flawed business model, classifying the goods produced as a "reward " in order to justify backers, most of whom see themselves as consumers, not getting the benefit of any consumer rights, being assigned way too much risk. Would be OK if the return or benefits earned from a successful campaign was so much better compared to buying on retail later or the vetting done by KS was good enough to limit the ratio of unsuccessful campaigns to a much smaller number. KS should definitely do something here, take more responsibility, hold themselves and the creators more accountable. Until then they lost me and likely many others here as well. I do have a lot of respect and admiration for the good, honest, competent creators that there are many of out there still but this is too much of a gamble at the moment with the odds stacked too heavily against the backers which KS should address!! This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Where did all the money go? Proposal: Send all backers a Micro Drone 3.0 or another working model. This would cost around 1.5 Mio. Yes I know the money is gone. It won't happen. Wow, 3 Mio blown in 10 months... I must add that legally what counts is the jurisdiction of the company being sued and not the buyer's one. In our case if we sue TGL it'd be Wales. For Kickstarter I don't have a clue however just to point out that the legislation of our countries doesn't matter in this case this is why we have the opportunity to stick together. @Leonardo i'm Italian too however, as many pointed out, if we sue anyone well obtain nothing but further costs for lawyers. The only viable solution is a full backer class action regardless nationality or continents. Guys, we gotta pull together, we are zero if we go alone or a handful of Italians on one side, then the Koreans, Germans, British, Hong Kong and so on. The real power we have is by staying together! Let's put in front what we have in common: we're victims of a scam. Nationality doesn't matter. <url>’t mislead people or misrepresent facts, and creators should be candid about what they plan to accomplish. When a project involves manufacturing and distributing something complex, like a gadget, we require projects to show a prototype of what they’re making, and we prohibit photorealistic renderings. I'm South Korean. Anybody Korean here? I can't accept this situation like a disaster. @Ken - No insurance company will give insurance to start-ups based on non-proven record and no actual production of the product and just based on prototype. The risk is too high, no insurance company will accept insuring such thing. @Axel V. - Go to your CC manuals and contact your CC to get apply for 'Transaction Dispute' @Jummy Lee - Purchase Protection is not the same as 'Transaction Dispute' and 'Charge-Backs'. Purchase Protection is usually very short period of 30~90days (depending on Card and Country), but Transaction dispute are based on delivery date or date of announcing inability to deliver, not the date of transaction. Check your manuals for Transaction Dispute/Charge-Backs. Ryan Shook - Kickstarter is the platform of receiving the funds and TGL are the supplier... that is how I put it. I may not be correct, but from MPOV, I paid kickstarter, and since they have no proof of delivering anything to me, then I have the right to dispute and get a refund. KS will definitely fight it using their TOS, so I'm still yet to see how things are ending, but I'm still hoping for a good outcome, but then I may also get nothing... it just depends on your CC and the country you are in for which they have specific and different consumer protection laws. @All who wants to sure Zano Please understand that I do feel the same, but you have to look at it realistically... they are liquidating... this means once things are done, there are no more left whatsoever, even if you do sue Zano and was success, there will be not even one penny for you to take! You will only be putting more money in hiring lawyers, and travelling expenses and etc, and the best outcome is to put them in jail for fraud (if you have that money and that is your goal, then I have no further comments)... It's time to let go of this. BUT, what we can do is to damage KS's reputation, image and its ability to keep just ignoring such scams... @SiuSun - So you want to just put more money to sue Kickstarter? In legal terms, you have accepted their TOS/T&C, once you accepted, you can't go back and sue them for what you have agreed on the risk was. Suing KS will be groundless IMO, the only one you can sue is TGL, but like I said above.. the only outcome will seeing them behind bars, nothing more... no money back. guess it passes the point where people hope to get their money back. the only thing, as a question, left is "where and how the f*ck did $3mil vanish ?" This is what I wanna hear. Can we start a Kickstarter crowdfunding project to sue Kickstarter? KS email to Zano backers was essentially to wash KS of any responsibility. I wasn't feeling anything with Zano's last update because in pledging, I knew I was taking a risk. I was walking in with eyes wide shut. But with KS's email, it shows that KS wants to continue to collect money and not do anything. It's business as usual, despite all the lessons that could be learned and control measures put in place in KS sphere of influence. This will be the last time KS is going to earn a single cent from me. Hong Kong backer here too, what i can do? All angry burnt supporters of Nano should immediately cancel and get refunds of their ongoing projects, and make clear this is a response to the way Nano was conducted. Zano guaranteed delivery in the risk section of their campaign. One month after stating that products were shipping they then announced that the "board members" aka the people that made the guarantee decided to liquidate assets rather than fulfilling their guarantee. This is what they said in the risk part of their campaign.. "The risk isn’t if you will get it, it is simply when you will get it, if any supply issues arise! (We are working hard to ensure they do not!)" Obviously that was a false statement from the beginning. KickStarter must know that the failure of this project is not limited to this campaign, but will translate into loss of future business if they don't take serious action equal to the degree of fraud. This is most certainly your reputation on the line as well. As has been said before, this campaign was to fund the bulk ordering of materials to lower costs and deliver a product that was guaranteed in the risk section of the campaign from the outset and prominently posted on the kickstarter website. I have backed 109 projects on Kickstarter and this was the last straw. No more for me, too much fraud, and no support from Kickstarter. Any one from Sweden that have tried to get a refund from the creditcard company? I understood the risks when I sign up for a project. That said, I am at the point where I am tired of the Kickstarter model. Kickstarter has had ample time to update their model to try and address issues like these. I have pretty much stopped backing projects as there seems to be more "fake" projects than real ones on this site at this point. This is my 2nd failed backed project and all my other projects are Late and will probably end up like this one. I prefer at this point to stick to waiting for REAL products to show up on marketplaces like Amazon rather than throw my money at con-artist ventures like the ones that that have taken over kickstarter I too have backed my last project and I've done 94? Think of the money I will save:) Kickstarter should be doing more to help. They aren't absolved of all responsibility. If they don't offer credit on their site, I will never use their company again. I'd say a $20 credit is pennies to them I'm bashing Kickstarter, Zano, and Reece Crowther wherever I can. Waiting for their statement until I pursue the class action lawsuit. Guys, I am thinking we should kick this up on social media and to the press. Can all of you send out complaint letters/emails to your press/TV stations, and Kickstarter on Facebook? I am from Singapore, and will be interested in any action against the project backers or Kickstarter. My email is <email> Dear Kickstarter team, Unfortunately, your terms do not absolve you of your responsibility to do due diligence on the teams seeking crowdfunding support on YOUR platform. We rely on YOUR due diligence in deciding which project to support, and if I recall this was one of your “Star” picks so the reliance is even stronger on YOU. Just as YOU recommended this project to us (which led to OUR financial detriment), so too should YOU stand in front of us and demand and secure compensation IN CONSIDERATION of our reliance on you in making our project funding decisions since you are now the SOLE PARTY who benefited from this FIASCO. Best regards, Stephen Obviously, this is what class actions are made for. People can't sue for a few hundred dollars but, collectively, millions are involved. Obviously, if Kickstarter had any actual knowledge of what was going on, they will have liability. That's why they are being so definitive that they "knew nothing". But they is what discovery is for (and, hopefully, there will be no missing memos or emails.) The harder case is whether they (or any reasonably prudent business) should have known that something was amiss. You can disclaim liability for negligence through terms of use or other quasi-contractual arrangements. But not for gross negligence. I think everyone did (or should have) know that there was some risk involved. But the response of kickstarter (after having profited a lot- "We have sent a letter and if we don't get a good enough answer, then we'll look into it" is offensive to me as well as many others. Enough so that it would make me sign up for the affected class. Hi Becky / Marcus, I'm another HK backer here. Will email yourselves. Paul @chris burton @Carlos Schulte: Damn right! Kickstarter did take 5% of the cut, which makes them as bad as Torqing Group themselves. Goodbye Kickstarter, I'm never using this platform again. On the other hand, AMEX Australia has got very good customer service. I lodged a payment dispute and uploaded all supporting documents to the dispute/fraud team. Customer service rep was pretty positive that I will be refunded. @marcus Tang I'm from HK. Contact via <email> @ Don Chen, how did you explain to your CC company that you paid kickstarter but the real company that didn't deliver was Zano? Also didn't exactly understand what you meant by "Uncollected and Dropped". Where do I find this on my account? Thanks, Ryan Can we put a fund together to sue kickstarter? @Vincent Goh, got the same reply from Singapore Citibank. Purchase Protection not applicable to items "bought" after 60 days... This was a fraud. Anyone from HK? How we can get our money back? Cannotbelieve that KS will not do anything to help our money back. Like other backers say, Sue ZANO creators to get our money back, or prepare the insurance for such bankruptcy. Otherwise KS is the fund just to help such SWINDLERS. Heard AMEX is looking into Kickstarter and Zane for fraud as well as pulling there merchant agreement Best comment yet, from Carlos Shulte: "Why did they waste our money travelling to CES? I don't recall CES being on the list of stretch goals." Anyone from Germany? What a Fuck is that?! How do you intend to procedure to try to receive the money back? C'è qualche altro acquirente italiano ? Eventualmente cosa avete fatto per cercare di ottenere il rimborso ? Per quanto mi riguarda a partire da oggi non acquisterò più nulla su KS se non si prenderanno le loro responsabilità. Is there any other Italian buyer? Hopefully what you have done to try to get a refund? For me i don't purchase anything on KS if they do not take their responsibilities I just received the same pathetic email from Kickstarter Support. I love how Kickstarter says if legal action is warranted it will be up to the backers to file a lawsuit. Way to support us Kickstarter. For starters, how about giving back the 5% you skimmed off the top of our collective $3 million worth of pre-orders??? The way Torquing Group sold this project, the ZANO appeared to be a finished product and just needed $187K to do a production run. What Kickstarter fails to acknowledge is this project was over funded some 20 times. Those dudes had a very long and well funded runway to get this project flying as promised. Where did the $3 million go when the original asking from Torquing Group was a mere $187K? Why did they waste our money travelling to CES? I don't recall CES being on the list of stretch goals. Like many others, I will never back another Kickstarter project. I'll just wait for the final retail version and avoid any further loses. 56 projects I've backed on Kickstarter, there won't be a 57th. Too much fail and too little accountability. Great information - need to do what you have recommend. Between us we can hopefully get something back from this I think this was the minimun we have to get from them, but i see no big possibilities , as they first seem to wait ...... Kickstarter, I find it insulting that your email letter suggests that only Zano is financially responsible for this mess. As a viable crowd funding company why can't KS self insure or use a 3rd party insurance firm to back projects to delivery. I am sure l backers would gladly approve a very small charge to purchase insurance... Do the right thing, grow a pair and refund the backers. As of now, I'm done... Goodbye KS.... Looks like kickstarter sent an email just now: <url>"Kickstarter" just like the final communication from Zano - no person or leader taking any responsibility or ownership and hiding behind their entities. Poor character & communication style. This Zano blowup is the worst anti-marketing Kickstarter can imagine. They might spend x-amount in marketing annually, I'm pretty sure this nullifies all that and more. Kickstarter should sue Zano, that's it. They should take charge. In their latest email they rightfuly admit themselves that there is ground for legal action. It's a relatively cheap and probably the most effective way possible to reinvigorate trust in their customer base, and undo some of the recent but massive damages that have been done to their image/trustworthiness by companies such as but not limited to Zano. It will for the first time make users feel they are not abandoned by KS, but KS is on their side and they'll go beyond and above to keep their community safe. @Kickstarter... Crowd funding is a vital source of funding to small business and rightly so after the trusts with the banks went during the last recession. However, after this high profile fail, the platform owners (KS, IGG etc.) MUST put checks in place should a project fund over a certain amount. Coupled with that, I develop products in the Far East and web/app projects with freelance teams and I nearly always put 'milestones' in place and release funds once these are reached. If trust is not to be lost with the funding of the future, innovations like this HAVE to be put in place. Kickstarter MUST be worried about the poor PR and admin this has caused, I've just received a pathetic email notifying me that KS have emailed Team Zano asking for answers within 7 days. WHY HAVEN'T YOU OFFER TO REFUND THE FUNDS, ABOUT £235,000, THAT YOUR PROFITED TO THE POOR BACKERS? Right now Kickstarter, you are as bad as the banks themselves! Kickstarter you need to get our money ... Once again you failed to do your part. I want my f..king money back Going to try a bank charge back tomorrow. Anyone else get the same template email from KS Lol, I just had an unsolicited email from KS saying. We are on the case and have asked Zano to reply to you all. Lol how can a bankrupt company reply? There is no one left on the payroll to reply. The staff have been fired and the money all paid to family members who did a runner to Australia. KS this isn't enough. You need to put in place some checks that the high rolling companies are indeed real and they have products that will be possible to be made. How can an ex-lawyer design his whole operating system, Ubuntu, MS and apple have 10,000s of staff designing their OSes. Once I heard zano was designing their own OS I know it was a scam. You would have know this too if you did any checks. In the documentation from Zano it say it's not of case of it we make this product but a case of when you get it. This lead me to believe there was zero percentage of failure. @ mikeypies- perhaps Reece will apply for his father's position now he's likely to be looking for a job! :) Mr. Kenneth Smith, I have already gotten my money back. If you have a card company that supports you, and you do a LOT of business with them, you absolutely will get your money back. I had my money back in less than an hour of hearing of the demise of Zano. As far as KS and Indiegogo are concerned with fraud, not all of the folks there are crooks. I've dealt with some very honest, creative and enterprising entrepreneurs. Here's the "but" ... there are a truly substantial number of flat-out crooks on these sites. Some fail due to just bad business judgement like the FLIR company I "invested" in. However, of the number of projects I've "invested" in (over 50), the amount of failed (fraudulent) projects, is shockingly high. (around 33% and I've gotten my money back on ALL of them, without a single exception.) There needs to be oversight from KS and Indie. Fraud is rampant and there are effectively no controls by KS or Indie to curtail it. So yes, effectively these two companies are as acting as a homebase for anyone wanting to commit a crime and tactily participating as a partner in said crime. As I look the projects on both sites I see an almost unlimited number of suspicious projects in every category. There is no other scam today that has been running for as many years as it has, as crowdfunding. You state there have been a million honest projects. If you use my personal experience with crowdfunding as a yardstick of performance, that means that there were probably around 500,000 scam projects as well. Even if it's much less than that, it doesn't matter ... KS and Indie are the "go-to" sites for fraudsters. I wouldn't even be a tiny bit surprised if organized crime is involved on a bunch of them. It's just soooo easy to get away with fraud, with absolutely NO chance of being caught. That makes KS and Indie "ground zero" for fraud. Solution? Get laws passed to make KS and other crowdfunding sites directly responsible for fraud. Contact card companies and ask them NOT to allow their cards to be used for any crowdfunding sites and to research how these guys try to get around the card restrictions and shut it off too. --- Shut off the cash, KS and Indie will make the effort to snuff fraud --- if they (KS and Indie) don't do this, and really soon, so many people will know crowdfunding only as a place where bad things happen --- I have yet to hear anything on the news that's positive ... only stories about fraud. And this Zano scam is merely one of the countless number of future ones to come ... this can't continue if crowdfunding is to survive. Sorry, forgot a link in my message <url>£ 200k.... These people are scum. Reece Crowther's father (I doubt he is too proud of his son) :- <url>• If payment was made using a (UK issued) credit card then you may be entitled to claim against your card provider under Section 75 of the Consumer Credit Act. You should contact your credit card provider. • If payment was made via PayPal then you may be eligible to for reimbursement via their Buyer Protection cover. • If you paid using a debit card your bank may operate a chargeback policy. • Finally as the company have ceased to trade and have sought Creditors Voluntary Liquidation, you may attempt to seek redress as a creditor. What creditors receive (if anything) will be dependent on what liquidated assets remain. We understand that a creditors meeting may be held shortly, the date and venue of which will be published in advance. Please return the attached questionnaire to <email> Yours sincerely Funny and not, anybody remembers this map: <url>"Hiding" is unacceptable Especially Ivan who resigned with health-issue reason, I believe that's not true. Ivan, you are the one who were supposed to step forward and admit it. If you did, I wouldn't have felt so bad for my decision to ever support a coward like you. Mr Alfred Thomas Dietrich Mr Ivan James Reedman Mr Philip Andrew David Mr Philip Victor Busby Mr Reece Crowther Mrs Anna Reedman I suggest everyone heads over to www.zanoforum.com to share ideas & gather information etc We need to start a Kickstarter campaign to raise funds towards getting our money back or maybe start our own fake project, all donate then cancel the money just as KS tries to get it from the accounts - then demand the money from KS as the project managers. [the above is all satire and not suggesting fraud] Just sign <url>"pony up" the bucks when fraud occurs and they simply allow it to happen. If you're in Vegas with me at the 2016 CES, give them heck in person!!! I know I will ...... KS and Indiegogo are quickly becoming scam central ... that's how we fight back and keep them honest. You can't simply ask ... they don't care if you lost your cash, they got theirs. And, if you shut that off, they begin to pay attention. I'm going to speak to American Express about ending all purchases with KS due to zero fraud controls. You can't have criminal enterprises making them their new homes...... This user's account has been deleted. everyone that wants to join me in filing a law suite with me find me on facebook. ( kennie smith) should be the first person. @Jaco-byte not everything I looked yesterday and we can't see the expenses of this year. @ Panit Full details on Torquing are available by searching for them on the Companieshouse website. This is the official regiester of all companies in the UK. @ Panit Do a who is on their website domain names and also search the Torquing group online. You should be able to get the names of the account holders. All the best. Bob @ Don Chen Are you saying your CC is doing a charge back to you right now? If so, that is great but for most of us, we are SOL. Bob can anyone provide info about creator of this project ? I know it's the company TG but what I need to know is the name of the chair holders who are decision makers. I need to remember these people so to avoid the same mistake to hand them money and not getting anything back, not even a response or explanation to how they failed. Just signed: <url>£100. I have to gather all of the evidence I have and send with a timeline letter and they will appoint someone to review my case. I'm living in Taiwan. How do I get my refund back? I think Kickstarter needs to deal with their creator concept. Reading the Kickstarter T&C's the Creator is appears to be referenced as an individual which is often the case in many projects. However Creator can also be a limited company. In this scenario Kickstarters T&C's are completely worthless if the company files for bankruptcy. Torquing had the opportunity to offer a full disclosure before calling in the administrators. It did not take it. So the question is what will Kickstarter do? At the very least they should highlight the additional risk to future backers that Limited Companies have when they performing the Creator role and update their T&C's to cover this scenario. There should also always be a named accountable individual (company owner/FD?) with a Kickstarter reporting obligation. This Kickstarter reporting obligation needs to be met before the company files for administration. @Kenneth: I'm in too, please tell me what to do (I'm from Germany) @don chen.. Some backs will refund right away after requesting a charge back, and then open up a dispute with Kickstarter.. They will challenge the charge back, referring back to their terms. Whether or not they'll win remains to be seen, but charge backs can be reversed.. @kenneth I am in.. How do we contact each other? sorry received.... Best chance to have a refund? also unbelievable, he recept an Zano but can't use it, in case of missing APP! <url>"So, November 2014, where are we? ZANO's aesthetic is complete and we have selected our plastics manufacturing company. Our supply chain is 100% ready to go, from vital components that make ZANO fly, to the very boxes that ZANO is packaged in are all priced and sourced! [...] ZANO is up and flying, holding position, avoiding obstacles, streaming live video back to a smart device, capturing video and photos." This excerpt is talking about the state of November 2014, and it was the reason for many of us backing the project. Obviously, this initial statement wasn't true. It was a lie. So this is not about a failed project, this is about fraudulent activity right from the beginning. This needs to go in court. And kickstarter should understand the difference between a failed project and fraudulent behaviour. @Christoper Lies: Very well written! It's not about a project which failed. It's about fraud right from the beginning. @Kenneth Smith: Count me in. Let us know how to get in contact with you via mail so we can support you. @Kenneth Smith the fraud report link and site allows for one of the parties to be outside of UK - they allow you to submit a fraud report if either the victim or the perpetrator is in UK. You get a chance to select your country on one of the questions. I am not UK based and did submit a fraud complaint on the site and got a receipt/filing number. This is what I wrote to Kickstarter following their 'template' response to my original grievance: Thanks for responding. Here are my thoughts on all of this. I feel you are facing a grave situation. Zano fleeced over $2million in backers by deceptively communicating a project which was communicated as essentially complete with ship dates identified .... and then pulled the plug. For all I know, they created a couple of these products, talked a big game, shot a couple of videos, and ran off with the money .... and fooled Kickstarter to boot. I'm certain you collected your fee but where is the accountability? Had Zano sent me a product of poor quality then my bad. But they communicated success and then entered liquidation for no stated reason leaving backers with Nothing. Nada. Zippo. Your response says the accountability is not with you and I as a backer have no recourse in this situation since I don't know who the 'creator' is or how to contact them. Below are excerpts from your rulebook: Don’t lie to people. Don’t post information you know is false, misleading, or inaccurate. Don’t do anything deceptive or fraudulent. ZANO lied to us as recently as update #48. When a project is successfully funded, the creator must complete the project and fulfill each reward. Once a creator has done so, they’ve satisfied their obligation to their backers. This has not been done. Throughout the process, creators owe their backers a high standard of effort, honest communication, and a dedication to bringing the project to life. At the same time, backers must understand that when they back a project, they’re helping to create something new — not ordering something that already exists. There may be changes or delays, and there’s a chance something could happen that prevents the creator from being able to finish the project as promised. I question the honesty in these communications. In the case of "Sorry, we're going to liquidate instead", Kickstarter should have the accountability to audit the expenses and the stock of which Zano is in possession. I'd be interested in hearing what the real story is. Issue #48 of their newsletter communication essentially stated that they're building 1000s of these right now. If a creator is unable to complete their project and fulfill rewards, they’ve failed to live up to the basic obligations of this agreement. To right this, they must make every reasonable effort to find another way of bringing the project to the best possible conclusion for backers. A creator in this position has only remedied the situation and met their obligations to backers if: they post an update that explains what work has been done, how funds were used, and what prevents them from finishing the project as planned; they work diligently and in good faith to bring the project to the best possible conclusion in a timeframe that’s communicated to backers; they’re able to demonstrate that they’ve used funds appropriately and made every reasonable effort to complete the project as promised; they’ve been honest, and have made no material misrepresentations in their communication to backers; and they offer to return any remaining funds to backers who have not received their reward (in proportion to the amounts pledged), or else explain how those funds will be used to complete the project in some alternate form. If they stop now, they have done none of this. Kickstarter needs to have accountability here since we as backers have no path to remedy the situation. If you do nothing, you are in my opinion an accessory to fraudulent behavior undertaken by Zano. In addition, if nothing is done, I sincerely believe (and hope) that you will have lost over $2million worth of future backers. Maybe this will get you thinking more about vetting projects before they go up on your site. I'm not going to hold my breath that these clowns send me a refund out of the blue. You should also consider rewriting your book of rules into something more legally binding with creators. As it currently exists, you have zero risk and welcome this kind of fraudulent behavior. Shame on you if you continue with your current process. If you disagree with anything I've stated, then you should at minimum provide backers with the information necessary to contact Zano so that we can begin the refund process or take legal action. Unless there is a reversal of Zano's current strategy, I do plan to take part in any and all legal actions against them. I will also will consider taking part in legal action against Kickstarter if you choose to do nothing. We are owed answers. Looks like Kickstarter is cherry picking and removing comments. I can not find my postings from late last night nor the other night. It was there and now it and my name are removed. I have been looking at kickstarters term and conditions and there is grounds for all of us to sue torquing group. If you want to start a lawsuit against them tell me I am in talks with a lawyer about them, but I need support from all of you. I have been looking at kickstarters term and conditions and there is grounds for all of us to sue torquing group. If you want to start a lawsuit against them tell me I am in talks with a lawyer about them, but I need support from all of you. @Logan Keim that's exactly what happened. woorst. I'm living in Singapore. How do I get my refund back? @ Mark Penders and what about the people that DON'T live in the UK, im pretty sure myself living in canada can't file a complaint. Any dutch backers who got their money back From their banks? Don't forget to file a complaint with Action Fraud in the UK, I just did. ("If you know anyone else who believes they have been a victim of fraud who wants to report the incident please ask them to complete the online report found at www.actionfraud.police.uk, or phone the contact centre on 0330 303 0800.") @Krzysztof Bzowski - from at least 5 proven screenshots that I have seen, people were able to get Charge-Backs from their Debit/Credit Cards... it really depends on the Credit Card Regulation and terms in your country. I am also in the process of my chargeback and will report here if anything is successful! Can I really ask about chargeback from this donation? Does anybody got they money back? This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. Use these vital documents to your credit card company in aid of chargeback <url>’ve heard from a number of disappointed backers, and we’ve been reading the comments. Here’s some background on the situation. A month before Zano launched, we introduced new terms of use. As part of this, we updated the legal contract that’s formed between creators and backers when a project is funded. This contract takes into account the fact that some creative projects won't work out. And it lays out a path for creators to follow when they don’t: Creators must make every reasonable effort to find a way to bring the project to the best possible conclusion for backers. They must tell backers how funds were used, and what prevents them from finishing the project as planned. And they must offer to return any remaining funds to backers in proportion to the amounts pledged, or explain how they will use the funds to complete the project in some alternate form. If backers determine that the creator hasn’t honored this contract, they may pursue legal action against the creator. We have contacted the creators of this project and encouraged them to open up to backers and live up to their obligations under our terms. We have as much information about the status of this project as you do, and we hope to learn more soon. Thank you for being a part of Kickstarter. David Just signed. <url>’re very sorry to hear of the situation that has unfolded with the Zano project. Kickstarter's a platform where creators are trying to bring new ideas to life. There's risk inherent in creating anything new, and some projects won't work out. But we want every backer to have an amazing experience, and we’re frustrated when they don’t. Although we are unable to offer refunds on behalf of creators when they are unable to complete a project as promised, our Terms of Use outline how they are expected to bring the project to the best possible conclusion for their backers. This information can serve as a basis for legal recourse if a creator doesn't fulfill their promises. We hope that backers will consider that option only in cases where they believe that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. If you believe legal action is appropriate here, please talk to an attorney about how to proceed. Kickstarter takes the privacy of our users very seriously, so we don't provide a creator's information directly to backers. Best, Katherine Just signed <url>#section4 Can Kickstarter refund the money if a project is unable to fulfill? No, Kickstarter doesn't issue refunds. Transactions are between backers and creators directly. Creators receive all funds (less fees) soon after their campaign ends. What does Kickstarter do to protect its community? We have a dedicated Integrity team that monitors the system for suspicious activity. This team screens reports that are sent to us by our community and they take action if they find something that does not align with our rules. ----------------------------- Guess our option is to flood KS with mails to see if any action can be taken. Well it seems to really more like mismanagement that fraud from the start. Somewhere along the way when I read they develop their own operating system it was clear to me that there will be trouble. The fact that there was no iOS app available was a major concern. I did not realize that the videos showing the prototype and the progress were mostly fake though. In any case I don't think there is much to get back. I'm sure along the way there were some pretty high salaries paid out to execs. Take five of them with a 300 000 dollar salary and half the money is gone. 250 000 dollar FTE costs are usual in high tec research and development. Take 8 people and one year and you see the money is gone. Will be interesting if only Zano or also Torquing goes down. But whatever happens we won't see anything of our $200 again. I agree with the poster below that seeing some of them in jail would be a nice outcome. I will be pursing a chargeback as well since it seems clear Kickstarter will not be doing anything about what appears to be outright fraud from the beginning and key company members running out of the country. Torquing accounts are freely available online at companies house. It's picking up pace now - and Kickstarter are just keeping quiet - fools <url>"creditors", will we be ignored. And...who is the "insolvency practitioner"? I've had it with KS. We are not creditor and not customers. The money was a donation. The money is gone do get over it. A lawsuit won't get you anything because most likely the money is gone. What's left goes to the lawyers. There are not even employees left to manage the shipping of promised zanos. You don't even want a Zano that has no software support. Best is to move on. And now Kickstarter may actually respond and not think this just going to blow away You were warned to step in Kickstarter / your failure to respond just like this two muppets - will be at your own demise <url>£ (+shipping) for "my" limited edition of "glow in the dark"! I'm really disappointed and can't believe it. What's happen? I'm really thinking about the support of more projects of Kickstarter. At moment i backed 5 more projects and hope that these find a better end. Crazy what's happen with over 12'000 backers. Nice christmas gift. Better we spend for non-profit organisations than for such "groups" and when i read the comments before, Kickstarter is really a risky platform. Never again, sorry, let this be a lesson to all of us! Peter Backer of only 5 project since "ZANO" :-( Start sending emails to the CEO and Director of Communications Just sent mine. "3 Million in backer funding for a project that failed. This isn't a small project, it's a record setter that Kickstarter promoted. Kickstarter recommended it to people and actively sought out additional backers to fund. Kickstarter was more than a mere platform, you promoted Zano to your backers assisting them in their large scale success. This was a huge win for Kickstarter and Torquing Group Ltd. Now, this is a huge loss for over 12,000 backers that have been loyal to Kickstarter. 12,000 people are extremely upset with losing a minimum of close to $200 each at least. I personally lost closer to $500. Some lost even more. It's extremely bad business for Kickstarter to turn their head the other way and say nothing and offer no help. 12,000 people leaving Kickstarter could crush any business, and this just might do it. You were recently held to the fire by the State of Washington for Consumer Protection over a measly couple hundred thousand. 3 million is going to raise a lot of eye brows especially if it looks like Kickstarter did nothing at all to remedy the situation or assist backers in getting restitution. This campaign was misrepresented and made fraudulent claims from the start. We were not told the truth from the start but the developers seemed to have good intentions but failed. Good intentions don't go far when the law is broken. Kickstarter may not have known but the backed the project and promoted them. Why is Kickstarter going to do to assist 12,000 backers that are currently ready to leave for good? What is Kickstarter going to do in order keep a positive image so they don't end up looking like a seedy backwater market place for scammers and illegal activity, your competitors have a leg up now? What is Kickstarter going to do as good will, right now it looks like you took your share of 3 million and left backers to hang? The press doesn't care what your fine print says, they care about the emotions in a story which will reach people. This is big, I hope you help people and do the right thing. Jonathan PayCheck Backer of 55 project, Zano is my last if Kickstarter doesn't step up for once. " Man, the third Project that went bankrupt , for me the last crowdfunding Project which I have supported. Sorry, $800 in total for nothing? I agree with Michael below! I too have been involved in and still involved with campaigns that treat their backers with little to no respect shipping pre-orders ahead of backers. This along with failures such as this has already begone to affect the way people view crowd funding. I for one will ride out the remaining projects i have backed but have stopped funding campaigns. Its a real shame the few are ruining it for those innovative creators who have an honest yearning to see a dream come true. I feel I have backed some of those and am happy to have been a part of that, but I believe we may be seeing the beginning of the end of such organizations as Kickstarter unless drastic changes are made to better protect backers! @Chris YU，從你鏈接我看不到如何申請退款？有更詳細的說明麼？謝謝！ Robin wu 從香港facebook上有報導可以去信用卡銀行申請chargeback! <url>"Contributed to create something with a reward at the end", we paid an extra £10 (or more for none UK) for delivery.. Does this not imply a contract to receive goods? 有中国或者香港的用户吗？现在要怎么搞？ Just thinking, if we successfully do a charge back, I can see Kickstarter closing your account. This could effect completed / funded campaigns that haven't delivered yet.. Might be worth messaging appropriate ones explaining situation, giving them your contact details.. @Paul Leonard - we paid Kickstarter but they're obviously not the supplier. How can they be considered the supplier of something that they don't produce or have any control over producing. They're simply the facilitator, getting money from backers to creators. Not many people want to believe this I'm afraid. You also mention 'distance selling regulations' but technically you didn't buy (there was nothing to 'sell') anything - you contributed to a campaign to create something and there was a reward at the end. I also emailed Pembrokeshire Trading Standards. They sent me an email today with a questionnaire to fill in. I just had to list all the details about the Kickstarter campaign. Why I purchased the drone, the spec that was advertised, if I received the product, my thoughts on the finished product compared to the product advertised......I didn't receive the ZANO, so I just described the amazing features that were reported from those lucky / unlucky enough to actual receive one! Trading standards now on my the case <url>騙子！把錢還給我們，Kickstarter 有責任的！把錢還給我們！ Troquing being investigated by trading standards. <url>"When a project is successfully funded, the creator must complete the project and fulfill each reward. Once a creator has done so, they’ve satisfied their obligation to their backers. Throughout the process, creators owe their backers a high standard of effort, honest communication, and a dedication to bringing the project to life. At the same time, backers must understand that when they back a project, they’re helping to create something new — not ordering something that already exists. There may be changes or delays, and there’s a chance something could happen that prevents the creator from being able to finish the project as promised. If a creator is unable to complete their project and fulfill rewards, they’ve failed to live up to the basic obligations of this agreement. To right this, they must make every reasonable effort to find another way of bringing the project to the best possible conclusion for backers. A creator in this position has only remedied the situation and met their obligations to backers if: they post an update that explains what work has been done, how funds were used, and what prevents them from finishing the project as planned; they work diligently and in good faith to bring the project to the best possible conclusion in a timeframe that’s communicated to backers; they’re able to demonstrate that they’ve used funds appropriately and made every reasonable effort to complete the project as promised; they’ve been honest, and have made no material misrepresentations in their communication to backers; and they offer to return any remaining funds to backers who have not received their reward (in proportion to the amounts pledged), or else explain how those funds will be used to complete the project in some alternate form. The creator is solely responsible for fulfilling the promises made in their project. If they’re unable to satisfy the terms of this agreement, they may be subject to legal action by backers." This user's account has been deleted. @kickstarter management: One of the kickstarter Rule is: "Projects must be honest and clearly presented." But from what I can tell, this is in vain, at least for this project. I keep receiving the updates of delivery schedule, tutorials, or even shipping address confirmation from ZANO team, which all looks... promising, until the last minute they said something quite opposite, all of a sudden. This is really, really bad. And we're fooled. @ZANO team or Torquing Management: 1. Don't just say risks. Risks coexist with rights. You should have told us what was really happening out there along the way. To me, a continuous commitment to delivery has no way leading to this result. Or, you just want fool us. 2. You seems to lack a consistent channel to communicate to backers. I've been receiving emails from quite many different persons. Is that a sign of management chaos? Reece Crowther Team ZANO Ivan Joe, Team ZANO Emma Lewis .. 3. This "Official Statement". What're the exact actions? Will backers be refunded? Is all ZANO delivery going to be completed as committed? This "offical statement" from "Torquing Management" gives nothing really useful, but helps to spread disappointment and anger among backers. "We are greatly disappointed with the outcome of the Zano project..", I don't think this should come from a company of responsibility. And this has nothing to do with the company size. Please don't blame us backers. We have a reason to anger. And we need REAL plans. @All backers: I wish I could have looked at this from BBC: <url>"Projects must be honest and clearly presented." But from what I can tell, this is in vain, at least for this project. I keep receiving the updates of delivery schedule, tutorials, or even shipping address confirmation from ZANO team, which all looks... promising, until the last minute they said something quite opposite, all of a sudden. This is really, really bad. And we're fooled. @ZANO team or Torquing Management: 1. Don't just say risks. Risks coexist with rights. You should have told us what was really happening out there along the way. To me, a continuous commitment to delivery has no way leading to this result. Or, you just want fool us. 2. You seems to lack a consistent channel to communicate to backers. I've been receiving emails from quite many different persons. Is that a sign of management chaos? Reece Crowther Team ZANO Ivan Joe, Team ZANO Emma Lewis .. 3. This "Official Statement". What're the exact actions? Will backers be refunded? Is all ZANO delivery going to be completed as committed? This "offical statement" from "Torquing Management" gives nothing really useful, but helps to spread disappointment and anger among backers. "We are greatly disappointed with the outcome of the Zano project..", I don't think this should come from a company of responsibility. And this has nothing to do with the company size. Please don't blame us backers. We have a reason to anger. And we need REAL plans. @All backers: I wish I could have looked at this from BBC: <url>"Report Fraud" Details of money: go to your pledges and see the details, usually the date of the campaign 'Funded' is the date of your CC transaction Details of TGL & its Directors: <url>~15mins Fxxx.... we are screwed.... Sounds like their lies were nothing more than a delay tactic. Hope there is a legal action law suit brought against them. I still want a Zano. Was it all all a ruse or was the technology developed and the financing was mismanaged. <url>£540 FAMILY PACK,what can kickstarter do?just watching us? Is a creator legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project? Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. (This is what creators see before they launch.) We crafted these terms to create a legal requirement for creators to follow through on their projects, and to give backers a recourse if they don't. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill Yes, police, legal action. Kickstarter should refund us. Hey earn heaps and need to offer some protection Yes, police, legal action. Kickstarter should refund us. Hey earn heaps and need to offer some protection This is reprehensible. I have signed change.org petition and would be interested in the UK equivalent of a class action lawsuit. People need to be held responsible and am filling out a report at UK page: <url>"Any other ways to make them pay?" — Yes, a "representative action" by a large group of backers before a UK court. This is the equivalent of a so-called 'class action' in the US. See <url>#United_Kingdom Any takers? I just went to talk to my bank about the situation and they said they are unable to have any recourse for the dispute on ZANOS being a scam, as it has passed 2 billing cycles. Any other ways to make them pay? I meant a NEW FB group dedicated specifically to organizing all the ZANO backers towards planning and taking concerted actions and speak with one big booming voice to what remains of the Torquing Group company and other parties... in order to get back our money or any other compensation. There is a facebook group: <url>"The Civil Procedure Rules of the courts of England and Wales came into force in 1999 and have provided for representative actions in limited circumstances (under Part 19.6). These have not been much used, with only two reported cases at the court of first instance in the first ten years after the Civil Procedure Rules took effect." Do we have a UK lawyer among us to determine whether this could be worth a shot for us in this case? For those wishing to contact me directly, please PM me at facebook.com/philipvn Honestly, I think our chances of getting any of our money back (or a product, even if imperfect) are slim, but if we don't get organized and give it our best shot, we will definitely not get anything. Stick with Amazon. The coolest Cooler is on there today and I have not even received mine yet.Plus where is our immediate refund from Kickstarter on the profit portion of our pledges? Are they keeping that? let's see how long it takes before they delete this post You should report your complaints to kickstarter CEO - Yancey Strickler - <email> Director of Communication - David Gallagher - <email> Kickstarter is making me very Angry deleting comments (which I can understand in a way) but not responding at all. Shame on you!! Taking it to the government might be an avenue <url>£168 out of pocket - not out of work. BUT... that being said. In my view, there has been substantial misrepresentation going on here and that representation did occur from the very outset. Go and look again at the original campaign info and video. Read the bit about history and why they wanted Kickstarter help. It's all about technical problems solved and needing help to gear up with volume production. This is where the misrepresentation occurred. It now seems that ZANO was very far from a working product - all those innovative and awsome technical features have, in retrospect, never been shown or demonstrated in practice. The problems with software, hardware integration do not come from moving from prototype or refinement to production. They must have been there at the time the campaign was conceived. Perhaps they though they could work them through with backers' money and time. Perhaps. But that is not what they said in the campaign. All the language is present tense "Zano has" not "Zano will have". So, I have no sympathy with Zano's founders. They are culpable. Not perhaps for running a scam but for misrepresentation and deceit. I would not have minded that you failed in building an innovative cutting edge product if you had told me that there were a lot of problems to solve and channlenges to be met. But you screwed up big time boys in hiding that. Kickstarter backers look for a bit of integrity. You should be thoroughly ashamed - at the very least a apology is deserved to all your backers. And yes, Kickstarter should be ashamed too. You have a responsibility to reasonably ensure that the campaigns on your platform reasonably represent the truth. For what its worth here is my support email to Kickstarter Hi guys, I have supported a number of projects on Kickstarter in the past, some worked out some didn't However I consider this Zano project to have been a scam, it was a complete shock that it wasn't happening after even until recently they claimed they were designing, building, testing and shipping. While I understand you can't control this, with such a large project which was promoted by Kickstarter there should be an implicit duty to at least intervene and provide status updates to the Kickstarter members. It may not result in any return but at least Kickstarter would be seen to having its members interests at heart. There are members who backed Zano who don't know if they get any money back or have any recourse. Unfortunately its all too much for me and I suspect that was my last backing ever and my generally positive word of mouth will now be a don't throw your money away on kickstarter, the truth is any successful projects generally have the product on sale shortly before supporters getting their rewards (sometimes before pebble). I hope you take this onboard that you do have some duty to help the people who make kickstarter possible and put plans in place to support those who get scammed. Even in the form of providing better feedback on the overall outcome. Cheers Chris "possibly not returning"...it's gone I backed 4 zanos with 2 friends feeling excited for the drone's arrival. But now, it all seems it's not going to work out and surely BIG disappointment with our money possibly not returning. I am in Taiwan. Not like in the North America where this kind of company could even exist. I got nowhere to claim. Now all I hope is that, for those of you in more influencial countries get the right for us who are in no place to speak or to be heard. I hope something can be done to help us little poor salaryman dumping money to the toilet. Ivan's declaration of poor health and resignation is part of the scam For all who wants to get in touch with kickstarter - try google with someting like "ceo email kickstarter" <url>… 12.5 k of their backers are crying and they leave the pre order now on ??? Disgusting This is my last and final project I will support ever on Kickstarter. I will be contacting my local news and see if they will are willing to broadcast. I encourage everyone else to do the same. Oh.! Hubsan H510S X4 , if you only come before this Effin'Zano. <url>£2 million quid appears to have disappeared in a project that didn't initially ask for anywhere near that, that KS have done nothing, absolutely nothing for us, that this appears to have been a huge lie...........Way past angry..... In case anybody is interested.......... Pembrokeshire Trading Standards are available to contact at these addresses: Pembrokeshire County Council County Hall Haverfordwest Pembrokeshire SA61 1TP. CONTACT Telephone: (01437) 764551 E-mail: <email> These are the people that need to be held accountable for this and who we should be trying to get the information we deserve from: <url>"i don't trust" <url>"Not our problem"... @Christof Kinet: No-one gives a sh*t about your drone project.... stop spamming To All: Has anyone approached the Advertising Standards Authority (ASA)? I doubt anyone is reading this thread that works for kickstarter but here goes anyways. I've lost out of FOUR projects now. FOUR you ****. That's a thousand goddamn dollars and you've lost another customer who will clap and cheer when you go out of business. Kickstarter I am a media professional, you have to come in action, if not this will get out of your hands and no one can predict the end result. Look what happened to Volkswagen but also learn from them to handle this!!! Micro Drone 3.0 is a much better system, it can live stream video to your iPhone 150ft and have real videos to prove it <url>£380, but out of 19 projects I backed, this has (so far) been the only one to fail. This was the only one to generate such enthusiasm and anticipation, together with a roller coaster journey. I'm not going to comment as to whether I think it was a deliberate scam, but, it has left somewhat of a bad taste in my mouth, tinged with extreme sadness <url>"Kickstarter doesn't evaluate a project's claims, resolve disputes, or offer refunds — backers decide what's worth funding and what's not." Does it means Kickstarter does not response for help backers to claim for Zano project? <url>"error" and implement some of them. Also KS should be aware that they have some kind of responsibility to protect the backers from fraudulent projects. Especially they should carefully consider which projects they choose as a "Staff Pick", because this give potential backers a lot of trust in a project. Hi Guys, someone in the UK should go to the police and inform the state attorney for this fraud. Especially the TAX department should be informed. This is the fastes way to get any hand on the people behind this. These new companys have been created to transfer out the reminding assets out of Zano before going tips up more examples of there under handedness This is garbage. There seems to be no creator accountability. Will not be handing out money so quickly in future. Just a thought on charge backs.. We paid Kickstarter, NOT Torquing Group/Zano (although my payment was listed as "Kickstarter Zano".) I am pretty sure Kickstarter will dispute the charge backs, and refer back to their terms. I am of course trying, but fear that any charge backs will get reversed on appeal. Why did you terminate a website? Domain(flyzano.com) and hosting service(rackspace.com) is not a deadline for contract. forum... Store... Blog... Contact form... It is an already unnecessary thing for you. The necessary money is the thing which gathered enough. Good-bye! without explanation. Incidentally... If you want to know more TORQUING GROUP LTD. You should check domain "flyzano.com" by whois service. @Don Chen, i agree with you, you may start one. i am sure a lot of us will follow. We talk over the Elf Drone on Indiegogo, I am not sure, this is the same story of Zano !!! I copy this from kickstarter campaign, no one mentioned about we may rick to spend the money for nothing, only WHEN we will get it. And now it seems we are not getting anything. Risks and challenges Through innovation and diligent research and development, We are 100% confident in delivering an Autonomous and Intelligent aerial photography and video platform. We know our technology works. We have enlisted a world-class British EMS (Electronic Manufacturing Service), with over 20 years of experience in bringing cutting edge high-end technology products to market, to manufacture ZANO for our Kickstarter backers. We have taken into account that component lead times potentially could cause delay in delivering ZANO to our backers on time. We have conservatively estimated a June delivery, however, Our component suppliers often need to order the raw materials to manufacture their components 12 months in advance, as a brand new product, it is difficult for us to estimate initial volumes and provide an accurate forecast to our suppliers. We want everyone to be able to experience ZANO experience, that's why we have not put a cap on the amount of ZANO's we are making available for the Kickstarter campaign. We have built fantastic relationships with our component suppliers who believe in ZANO and our vision to make aerial photography and video accessible to everyone. Our component suppliers have set aside large volume buffer stock to cope with the initial demand from Kickstarer! However, there is always a risk involved with large volume component supply, we thought we had better mention it! The risk isn’t if you will get it, it is simply when you will get it, if any supply issues arise! (We are working hard to ensure they do not!) Don Chen there are 3 Zano groups on Facebook, in Facebook search Zano. Zano drone discussion group (flyzano) is probably the best and most active, it's a closed group but you will get approved quickly. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. anybody interested in opening up a facebook page to come together and get updated on what we can do to get our money back, and to help ourselves and have someone in UK to represent all of us backers to bring TGL to justice? Should Kickstarter step in on this case? <url>"without a trace" on Kickstarter - think again. As long as you have a footprint - you can and will be found. :) I'm posting this up to see if anyone in the UK (in Wales) can make use of this for litigation or redress purposes : (i did a universal cross reference on available figures of the company's funds, it seems like based on public data, the company has multiple financial irregularities AND is using Zano's financing to back its other subsidiary groups elsewhere) Torquing Group has multiple addresses and subsidiary companies : 1) Torquing Technology Ltd (This is supposedly where BBC and Arstechnica UK interviewed - and also where Zano fulfillment was to be carried out) Company Registration No. : 03247947 SIC Code : 62020 (inactive, delisted) NOTE: Company has been deregistered (dissolved) Address: Bridge Innovation Centre, Pembroke Dock, Pembrokeshire SA726UN 2) Torquing Group Ltd Supposedly the Corporate HQ of the company, its based in Swansea. Company Number : 07783507 Registered in UK as a Head Office Address: BEVAN & BUCKLAND LANGDON HOUSE LANGDON ROAD SWANSEA SA1 8QY 3) Torquing Robotics Ltd This is one of Torquing's R&D labs, perhaps looking into its other products. Its' conveniently located in the same building as the HQ office. Company No: 07782038 Registered as a UK SIC Type I - Code: 74909 - Professional and Research Activity (a.k.a R&D lab) Address: BEVAN & BUCKLAND LANGDON HOUSE LANGDON ROAD SWANSEA SA1 8QY 4) Torquing Environmental, Ltd Company dissolved in 2014 Company Registration No. : 07782218 Company SIC Code: 70229 Address: Williamston House 7 Goat Street, Haverfordwest, Pembrokeshire, SA61 1PX Note: This was started up on the same day as Torquing Group Ltd and Torquing Robotics Ltd, 21st September 2011. ------------ Directors' List ---------------------------------------- Here are the listed Directors of the Torquing Group: 6 Directors, 1 Removed (he left on the day of listing) (in order of precedence) 1) Ivan James Reedman , CEO (or former, so they say) - Notable past : Two failed startups (i'd call them so, they were hardly successful enough to be called a corporation) in Australia and the UK prior to founding Torquing Group. 2) Anna Reedman, Director Wife of Ivan Reedman, Co-founded Torquing Group Ltd on 22nd Sep 2011. Has no other holdings, is listed as Director on all Torquing component offices. Probably left the company on the same day as Ivan Reedman. 3) Philip Andrew David Busby, Director Joined 21 Mar 2014. Besides the Reedman family, he and his brother were next to join Torquing's director board. Listed as Director in all of Torquing's companies. Other associated companies where he is CURRENTLY a Director of: A&A Scaffolding (Pembrokeshire) Ltd Bluestone Industries Ltd Intelligent Trucking Solutions Ltd Mackenzie Corporation Ltd 4) Philip Victor Busby Elder brother of Director #3. Joined 21st March 2014. Associated companies where he is PRESENTLY a Director: Bluestone Industries Ltd Sigtech Communications Ltd Notable Points : Sigtech Communications was just founded, 4 weeks before announcement of Torquing's dissolution. 5) Alfred Thomas Dietrich, Director Was brought in as a Director alongside Reece Crowther this year, on 30th Jan 2015. Has no other known investments. Known: Is currently 34 years of age. 6) Reece Crowther, Marketing/Communications Director Was brought in as Director on the same day as Director #5. Manages communications. Associated companies where he is CURRENTLY holding directorship: Rockford Lane Ltd Is currently 26 years of age. ------ Disclaimer -------------- This information is for the benefit of the public affected by these company's actions only. All information listed above can be found publicly. Key information such as personal addresses are withheld to protect these individuals security. (yes, they are assholes, but we're a civilized society) So yeah, good luck. Form your own conclusions - and use this information to suit your purposes :) "Kickstarter" lose the trust of the service if don't solve the issue of this fraud occurring frequently. User will disappear. I meant, Zano Victims... why don't we all contact Micro-Drone and ask them if they would give us Zano backers a special discount?! considering over 12K backers moving to Micro-Drone, they would at least get about 2 million in pledges... Reward > Creator accountability When you back a project on Kickstarter you enter into an agreement with the project creator as described in our Terms of Use. This agreement requires creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. Now I'm I wrong about this. . This is straight from KS. . Is torquing group responsible and obligated to refund us our money since they have not fulfilled their end of the deal. @Fraser Dyer: <url>#/story @Dennis Lim Hope you can made a deal with TQ. Kickstarter should step in and help you to get contact with them. I am not an Attorney but reading the rules Kickstarter is out of the picture after the project is complete. They take their commission and wipe their hands clean. In those rules they state that if the creator does something wrong the creator can be held accountable by the backers. Maybe I don't understand this but it seems that we are just screwed. They have no duty to protect us from scammers as they are not scammers themselves, and they had no knowledge that these people were scammers. They basically say they are not responsible for anything and it's all up to us. This being the case I am washing my hands of any new projects on this platform. Kickstarter took 10% of the money..even if is only 5%..they are responsible for 100.000 pounds of money they have...I want at least 10 pounds back of my money back Since we're not getting our Zano's, anyone have any recommendations for an on-the-market drone that had similar capabilities to those purported by the ZANO?? (NOT KICKSTARTER!!) lets find out where the creator and his family stay The only reason I bought this drone was I got an email from Kick Starter stating that this was a staff pick. Kick Starter is responsible for my money and refund. It's reli upset to hear about it. Kickstarter please do something ! did they tell you that you can send a letter with all applicable information on the project why you wanted so long to contact them and the the recent news to their disputes group and they will have a look? it's worth a try.. call them and ask for their disputes Dept .. more or less what I have been told by my cc company Chase completely refused to open a dispute since the charge is older than 90 days. Not cool. Please Kickstarter do somethings for us fast. I'm very up sad with Kickstarter now. <url>~30% of the funding. I think we are all gathering great ideas here... The question is: what the fuck happened ? So has anyone from Kickstarter officially acknowledged the notice from Torquing Group? Bob Find the creators of this project and get our money back. This is a big rip off. Not a small amount of money This is some bull.... I like Scott's idea. Oversubscribed projects above 1 million dollars should be automatically escrowed. @Creator (Reece Crowther), SHAME ON YOU being an Australian!!!!!! Try hard to hide your ass in Australia for the rest of your life, your reputation is gone forever!!!!! Good comments from Phoenix Youth below, but Kickstarter is yet another of those grey-area 'neutral platform' operators where terms of service allow them avoid agent liability. There probably should be some sort of escrowing of hugely over-subscribed projects. Just the fact that these guys were expecting to build maybe 1000 items are now beset with a staggering 12000 or more could well destabilise even an established company, let alone a complete start up. Kickstarter saved me money by cancelling another project that on its face looked fraudulent or over-promised (the Skarp razor) -- but that was during the fundraising. Kickstarter may need to keep some sort of control after fundraising, especially for over funded projects, to protect backers more. The potential for a really bad ripoff is out there. But at the end of the day we are backers, not investors, and certainly not "buyers of a product". The backing model just might need tweaking. Can you send me a two core workstation instead? I really need one capable of editing 4k smoothly. If the creator was being honest with all the backers in the very first place, then I am not angry at all when the project failed and lost money! But from what he had done was trying to trick customers from pre-orders so he can get as much money as he can before declare bankruptcy, and this is a crime, and he is a CRIMINAL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Never let him get away with this!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Really sorry for that stupidly long comment. @ Don Chen. @ Thor Johnson May have got our wires crossed on this one. I was rushing and should have epxnded on my thoughts, to make them clearer and less confusing. Did not say KS to hold money until project finished, that would make no sense. Did say KS should hold, on deposit, their fees payable by the developer to KS, only if the project exceeds the pledge level. So KS gets its percentage of £125k, the pledge level on this project, this hurts nobody as KS have set this percentage to cover costs of hosting the project, so everything over the £125k is a bonus to KS. The remainder of their fees on the £2 million balance are held on deposit, until the project is successfully delivered. This way KS have an incentive to engage more effectively with the developer to ensure project delivery, if the project fails, KS dont get their cut on the excess fees, these fees are returned to the backers. It may only be a few £or$ to a backer. But I would prefer to get a few dollars back than sit here and feel that KS have profited from this failure, in fact KS are the only winners. The other point that got mixed in. Was this, a developer sets a budget, this budget is the basis for the pledge, they have planned to reach that figure, they know what they can do with that figure and that should be, deliver the project, with extra fees for stretch goals. So here we go, anything above the pledge level is held on deposit, it is not held until the end of the project, just held on deposit. KS now should be monitoring all v large over pledged projects, with KS 'only releasing this after serious scrutiny after particular developmental stages in projects have been met'. The developer can access the money, but should be demonstrating to somebody why they need to go over the original budget. How did TG go £2 million over budget? In this case KS would have held back over £2 million, as TG promised to deliver most of its goodies within that £125k budget. The funds are still there to reach stretch goals and should be released by KS as this developmental stage is reached. If this simple suggestion was followed and KS were capable of doing this monitoring, I think KS would still be holding a big chunk of that extra £2 million on deposit, this could then be returned backers. OK its true KS would hold that cash and may keep the interest, I would not object if it meant those extra funds were available to KS to more effectively manage over pledged projects. I want to KS to work with developers manage projects, especially over pledged projects, I would also like them to communicate more effectively with backers. If that improvement is funded by interest on over funded projects, is that so bad? I do understand about project funding and development, been involved for a long while. I also know when somebody hands you £2 million you did not expect, it is not always easy to know how to handle that, some people lack experience, others might be dishonest, some simply unlucky, but £2 million is hard to handle and bad decisions get made. Loads of trade shows and big hotels, wasting time by going off on tangents, planning other projects and forgetting what you should be doing, contracting out too much work and not keeping your feet on the ground, or even simply making sure you spend every last penny of your contingency funds on something, whether you need to or not. KS should be helping big projects stay on track by acting as a watchful, curious and critical friend. All I am asking is when projects are seriously over funded KS should not immediately get access to all of that extra income without having to work for it and developers should not be left holding large sums of cash, that they did not budget for, without extra over sight. Not saying they should not get it, but they should demonstrate why they need it and the progress made. Almost wherever you go for funding there is 'oversight' and project monitoring and it exists for a good reason. For example in this case TG may have spent £2,335,119, this is over £300k more than the sum required to deliver the ultimate swarming drone, yet they have not even delivered at the £125k level. As backers we are all left wondering how this happened, it happened because they got over £2 million thrown at the them and nobody was looking over their shoulder or listening to the very real concerns of some backers. My point all along has been KS is needed in the market place, I agree with you, it performs a function, we have backed 25 projects and 20 have been successful, and we know that it has enabled some of those developers to set up really wonderful businesses and we dont want that to stop. But if it carries on like this KS will struggle to survive and that hurts the entire community. But it would currently appear to be failing many backers and supporting some developers and somebody needs to come up with some ideas and KS need to start sorting things out. I don't claim to have the answers. But I do understand monitoring and project evaluation and I do understand that developers work to budgets and sometimes these budgets need to be over seen and questions asked. Think most folk would agree with the fact that KS should have, could have done more, maybe asking some questions would have been good. I if had suggested, what you seem to think I have suggested, then I would agree with you, it would not help. No criticism taken. Thank you Don Chen, do appreciate your sound approach. Thor Johnson, agreed, button should show 'dead'. Seems we are a bunch of fool, we want our money back!!! This is clearly a scam. 4 weeks ago we are talking about shipping schedule, and now, due to "recent events ", no more. No explanation, no apology. Most likely we have no way to get our money back, but we can be heard. Spread the news in all social media, about the Zano CEO, and about Kickstarter. People will listen. Finally understand why they insisted on saying they will ship to black pre-orders first instead of other color's backers, they want to trick other consumers to order before they declare bankruptcy. That is why there were detailed shipping schedule - as baits. They sure were well planned to maximize their return. We should not let them disappear so easily.... @Seif That's because their current/last book year is not included yet We feel this is complete deception and would like our funds returned. What a disappointment I think the one of the core reasons we are so angry is because of what has become seemingly obvious misleading statement and the lack of communication. I think we all know there is a chance a KS project does not deliver. We accept that by pledging. The major issues I see so far are as follows. 1) videos and accompanying statements show what appears to basically be a working product. The need appeared to be needing to mass produce and iron out some minor kinks. Since you failed to mass produce this appears to be a lie. 2) lack of communication. We are tr ones the supplied you with literally millions of dollars. Yet I have gotten more news from the BBC than from you. 3) fraudulent communication. Oh we are now officially shipping - oh wait we are pulling the product due to "recent events" when you have not once alluded to a project killing problem. 4) when killing the product you deliver a very generic email saying creditors will be contacted. Are we even creditors? The simple delivery of even a partial explanation of how you go from "yay, we are shipping, albeit slowly" to sorry, your not getting your product with no indication of a major problem is really the problem. 5) based on what the BBC seems to have figured out, you killed this product because one engineer quit. How a whole team can fall apart because of this is one thing. How you can put/ let that information out publicly but ignore those who launched this product with out any word is truly unacceptable. <url>"We are now 10 days into the KS campaign and we have reached £125.000 goal! This means we are going to production! ..." I hope you understand that none of us is or will be considered a creditor. Through the carefully crafted clauses in Kickstarter's term our pledge is roughly the equivalent of a charitable donation. Nevertheless this can 100% be considered fraudulent. I and many backers decided to pledge on seeing a working prototype fly in what turns out to be a fake video. They've deliberately and systematically hidden that they had not much more but an idea. Second, I highly doubt they are anywhere near bankrupt, they just want to quit. After all creditors are paid (which is standard procedure for closing your company), all other money left goes to shareholders. I don't have the intend to sue TG on behalf of myself, but I don't see it impossible, in this case even with Kickstarter's veil of protection, that a legitimate fraud complaint case can be made. How could this project become such a big failure? I think that Paul Mungo explained it well, 3 hours ago in his comment here: "The promo video for the campaign suggested that there was a working prototype, and I imagine many people backed the project on the strength of that video." @Kennith thank you. That would be greatly appriciated This user's account has been deleted. I think the problem is other than the people who directly worked on the Zano no one seems to know what happened. It's the silence I think thats infuriating everyone. Surely someone, somewhere must be willing to tell the story. Who wants to bet we will be watching a version of it on a BBC mini-series in a few years time. To whomsoever responsible, Like many others, I learnt this shocking news that the project zano is being shelved. I am very disappointed to say the least. After so many delays, it had to come to this almost feels like pre-planned. As part of liquidation of assets, I would like to get my investment funding money back as entitled. Please do the needful at your earliest and update us with it. Thanks Oh dear, this will be the end of life as you know it Kickstarter. Really do think this is the final nail in the coffin for KS - So many projects literally stealing money from peoples wallets under KS guidance. And not small crimes either. Arist. $845K. Gone. Arkyd. 1.5 million. Gone. So, so many more. How KS handle this epic fail, especially considering it didn't comply with so many of the KS rules, yet still got "Staff Pick", will quite probably shape any future survival of this crowdfunding platform. I for one would be out looking for another job before the storm if I was on the KS team... So. They burned through all that money and built nothing. The vision in my head is essentially that they paid themselves out 500k for a year of pretending they were a business and hiring college students to create a home-made drone for the demo. Unless of course the drone in the demos was simply overlayed using Adobe After Effects. This seems to have been a scam. Very upset . First time I used kickstart and the last. Hope that the officers get jail time. Mr Lovelace ... please note they had well in excess of 3,000,000 dollars(USD) to develop a "hobby drone. As someone who has had to personally finance startup companies solely out of my own pocket, I estimate that their actual expenses had to be well under $1,000,000(USD) to bring their drone to market. This is not including the actual manufacturing cost once development is done. If you even went bezerk on hiring only the best and buying company cars, you're still only talking $1.5Mil ......So yes .... this is fraud. bunch of clowns I told them I paid for an item never shipped. Furthermore, I stated that it had become obvious today that this was a deliberately perpetrated fraud. We probably need to contact all the card companies and make it a practice not to allow crowdsourcing using their cards. Shut off the funds to KS and Indiegogo and I'm willing to wager the number of fraudulent companies dry up fairly quickly. I'm going to have a face-to-face with them at CES in January ... and vocally share my extreme displeasure with their "business practices". Yep .... But I do so much business with them they just went ahead and gave me the bucks back in advance. @paul lovelace are you working at Zano ? this is fraud in the purest way!! Informing for over weeks that shipping had started providing a shipping schedule providing videos etc etc Ofcourse a project could fail but not when you started shipping that is called fraud or mismanagement or both @Jack Martin What evidence of fraud did you provide to your credit card company? @Lionel I have a friend who is a lawyer and I am just waiting for a response from him to see what our legal options are. I'll keep all of you updates with what I find out. Paul Lovelace.... Tutto quello che vuoi...rimane il fatto che questi si sono intascati più di 2.5 milioni di dollari... are we also creditors? or just ants Good job from ks to remove the staffpick logo. They are feeling the heat. But they have got enough commission to hire a lawyer to stay cool. I should say sign the petition . Hope there come enough buzz in the press...... There is a big shit storm coming your way Kickstarter - best you get your backers on side quickly ...just saying !! This the text I used in my Kickstarter support request. "The creators of this project provided fairly regular updates(including shipping schedules) indicating that all efforts were advancing towards successfully completed and shipped rewards. Then, abruptly, the creators declare the project a technical, commercial, and financial failure; and the creators enter bankruptcy proceedings. By all information provided, the creators have partial products that could be completed. However, they are now abandoning the effort wholesale. That certainly appears to be a termination of good faith effort." This was an investment in a great idea. What should happen next according to Kickstarter rules and the announcement we are commenting on is that the expenses should be accounted for and the remaining money dispersed back to all of us who backed. Stop complaining that your investment failed and stop yelling fraud until we hear what we are getting back. I would expect it to be over half of the investment we put in. Thank you Torquing Group for throwing in the towel before shipping faulty units to us. Good luck as you go through the liquidation and refund process and with whatever you decide to do after this. I've opened a dispute with my card issuer, I don't care what KS say they facilitated this fraud. They shouldn't get to keep their fee either. Refund request AZIZ AHMED IN UK I just called them and they opened an investigation . Is that what they did as well? American Express .... Forget the others. Check out Micro Drone 3.0 on Indiegogo - a great example of how to do it right So have some backers ACTUALLY had zano's??? This is an absolute joke. It's right we have been taken for mugs and i want not only my money back but i want the interest that my money has made since it left my account. This is fraud!!!! well we got what we paid for .. a drone unlike any other .. the first comletly virtual stealth drone and completly autonomus .. we will never have to direct it and will never see it fly :-) @Jack Martin I am happy for you and what card company do you have? I've gotten bucks back from my card company. I explained it was fraud. Even though they have strung us out to bypass the federal laws regarding the card companies, I had luck getting my bucks back. Kickstarter needs to pony up the bucks to pay everyone back. We need Federal Laws that exclude a time limit for "for profit" companies like Kickstarter and Indiegogo. I met the Zano at the 2015 CES and would have never guessed that this was a fraud. They seemed genuine. I guess that just go to shows what P.T Barnum said ..... Here is why I've had it with Kickstarter and other similar crowdfunders and I'm out when it comes to backing new campaigns unless KS takes serious measures to protect its backers more: 1) if a seemingly well run, frequently updating project with seemingly credible progress reports supported by video evidence with seemingly competent creators can fail so miserably, any campaign can go south 2) under the current KS model there is no way for backers to separate the good from the bad prior to parting with their money 3) Kickstarter is of very limited help, offers very limited, if any, protection to the backers. I'm not even sure if the idiots behind TG in this project were to launch another campaign, the backers there would even know how incompetent they have been here. KS should have duty to inform and allow the backers make their decision with full knowledge of creators' past performance records 4) in my experience at least in the tech space instances of projects that turn completely sour or deliver unimpressive products with bad product service has now been far too frequent. There are too many cowboys, dreamers or amateurs amongst the creator ranks and no decent vetting process to protect backers from such adventurers 5) in too many projects, if successful, the timing and price advantage backers get over retail buyers later are generally not attractive enough to justify funding so far in advance and taking so much additional risk 6) too often the delays are so long that in many tech projects competitors launch their similar or even better products into retail before backers get their so-called rewards from their campaigns 6) KS should put some of their 5% into a sinking fund to be used to help out and share the burden with backers who lose money, they shouldn't be able to wash their hands off failed projects so easily I'd guess the failure of this sizeable, eagerly anticipated campaign permanently damaged the tech side of the crowdfunding experience for at least 25% of the 12000 backers which is a significant number. I think time has come/is coming for KS to revisit their business model and introduce changes which protect the backers more. Otherwise I fear the poor risk/return dynamics for the backers will lead to much larger exits. This was the first project I've backed after looking for months for a project I liked the look of. I looked at TGs website and even researched into the managers profile (I thought his accent was odd for someone who lives in Wales). Internet said he was some child genius programmer, so I believed he was just having fun doing what he loves. Tried the forum and it seems down; so there goes any details we had about them. There was a map of backers from around the world which I think was a separate from the site - is anyone in the Swansea area that could check out their premises? Is it now just a shell or are there some Zanos there. Being in the UK I'm wondering whether creditors would send out any existing drones to UK as cheaper than any kind of refund, everyone else prob refund at best (that may be the better option). Am gutted. Never backing a Kickstarter again, I thought our investments were safe with their guarantee. They ought to just give the companies the money they originally pledge for to complete r&d the. The rest once the original production run is complete (or at least in progress). i even thougt about a crowed foundet project myself .. but woud never start it bevor i am absolutly shure of my buissnes plan and my product .. well definitfly not with KS :-).. but its a shame .. there were some realy good projects out there .... i still can't understand what wend wrong .. tecnical problems or realy criminal energy ? i like to help in cool projects .. and i know the risk of losing some money ... but this all bases on honesty .. on what base do i pledge when all information are lies ? @Rumpelstilz You're right. KS only understand one thing, profit. So............after 199 projects backed, I reckon I'm done. Their 'due diligence' has been found wanting..........they've not protected me in any way. When they start to make less money, they might think about where they've gone wrong. I may move to a competitor............I may just save my money and buy real products.......I might stick about after I've calmed down........... Frustrated and angry. Shame. Hi all, Previous message was about shipping date and production and now They just say they stop... They are just taking us for nuts !! I guess all previous information are false just to be in the legal fact for KS !! Alex i am realy angry at the moment , not b'cose of the money. If i pledge i have to do it based on the information provided. as we se now they where wrong. what means that all the honest ones on kickstarter now have lost a lot of potential pledges becose of one rotten egg. spetialy becose KS does not realy a good job at the moment handling this crisis , and i think it is a crisis for KS . has anyone experience how such things are handeld on indigogo ? www.flyzano.com seems to be done or lot's of traffic Also, @george, I detailed my own emails that I received both from the Kickstarter updates to the emails I got from them saying that they couldn't issue a refund. Try calling them back and explaining that. Tell them you have the updates and emails from Torquing Group detailing when they'd be shipping and when to expect your drone. Thanks, Tom. I will try again. The founder of Micro Drone 3.0 is on the Zano Facebook Forum now explaining all the technical reasons why Zano couldn't work, his Drone is amazing and can stream long range video <url>#/story Didn't Torquing group go to CES in Las Vegas with the Zano? I'd like to know if it was Kickstarter pledge money that went towards funding the flights and accomodation for staff, even though, as it now appears, they didn't actually have a working prototype to show. It all seems like such bad project and budget management, poor communication and transparency. The promo video for the campaign suggested that there was a working prototype, and I imagine many people backed the project on the strength of that video. @george The only thing I can maybe suggest is to escalate your problem to the next person when you talk to someone at your bank or credit card company. If you don't get the satisfaction from the person you talk to, ask to speak to their supervisor. Just keep doing that until you get the right person that will issue the refund for you. It just took one try with mine, your results may vary. Also, be as nice as possible to the people that work at the bank. You'd be surprised by how much you can get accomplished by being as nice as possible to people. Entonces, nos van a regresar el dinero si o no? @megamanxjac, I doubt we'll be seen as creditors. They probably have a huge list of companies they owe money to and unfortunately, we'll be at the tail end IF anything is left over. Contact your bank or credit card company and talk to them about this. They'll work with you. Hi Tom, I also have Chase and have disputed my backer charge. They will not pursue it any further until I fill out a form detailing any communication with TG regarding the delivery. Other than going back to the original campaign monologue and detailing the inflated claims and the delivery timeline updates, is there anything else you can recommend that works for you? I don't have a paper trail of direct communication with TG. wait hold on, arent we technically creditors, how did we not get a say in this liquidation. who is performing the liquidation, and how are they going about it and reporting it? can we get a copy of the reports or what ever? @Lionel I think this is the only recourse as of right now for everybody to take. It was easy to do and before anybody dismisses it saying it's been too long, I backed mine in January of 2015 and was issued a refund after explaining the situation. Don't take this lying down. Torquing Group has disappointed over 10,000 people and Kickstarter facilitated it. @tim ford - Yes filling in the credit card disputed transaction form now detailing the issues and reason for the refund and dispute with torquinq. I am very sorry to see all this highly negative reaction, yes we funded a project that did not work, yes it is expensive. We paid for a product that would have been ahead of its time. At this point I would still prefer to believe that the project simply overreached itself. I have been a part of a number of kickstarter since I joined, so far, this is the first failed campaign. Yes there are bad people out there who will take advantage of an opportunity to bilk people out of their money, it is a risk we live with. Crowdfunding is inherently more risky than retail purchasing, you risk more and thus your purchase is usually worth more than the final retail product will cost. That is why we do it. This time it did not work for us, it is too bad. I hope that we find out what went wrong. But as to all this hate and verbal violence, really people ! Take a moment and calm down. Bevan & Buckland appear to be accountants. Possibly the people who will tell us we won't be getting any money back. This appears to have been planned some time ahead of the announcement. This kind of jars with the other announcements This is total BS! I cant believe that we are here at this after seeing videos get sent to us showing the devices flying around and coming off the production line! How was there no mention of this saying that there was issues or what ever if it was a money thing and we all at to put say 20 pound in to help I am sure everyone probably would of done this so that it wouldn't of come to this point. I cant really find the exact reason but I think Kickstarter and Torquing Group both have a lot to answer for. Also WTF is with the button on this page still saying its taking Pre-orders!! Matt - Very disappointed customer. ( Will never use KS again) Just letting everyone know, I bought mine with a credit card issued by Chase bank. I just got off the phone with them and they issued me a total refund as a provisional credit. I asked the lady about this and she said it will more than likely stick and I'll have my money back. I asked Torquing Group for a refund a couple of months ago and they informed me that the only way to get a refund was to wait until the drone delivered and send it back. That's unacceptable whether they're a Kickstarter campaign or not. I strongly suggest everyone to get into contact with their bank or credit card issuer and talk with them about this. You don't have to take this. response from Kickstarter on legal action Kickstarter Support (Kickstarter) Nov 16, 11:48 AM Hi there, Thanks for writing in and I'm sorry to hear that backing this project has become such a frustrating experience. Kickstarter's Terms of Use outline the responsibilities of backers and creators. This information can serve as a basis for legal recourse if a creator doesn't fulfill their promises. We hope that backers will consider that option only in cases where they believe that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. If you believe legal action is appropriate here, please talk to an attorney about how to proceed. Kickstarter takes the privacy of our users very seriously, so we don't provide a creator's information directly to backers. Best, Noah Anybody got any experience of claiming this sort of loss back from the credit card provider you paid with? Or am I bring naive? Micro Drone 3.0 on Indiegogo has done a fantastic job delivering on that product - check out their updates and progress posted on their Facebook - literally in the factory! An exemplary campaign and great founder <url>#/ Hi, Please don't just take my research as accurate, but taken from Companies House, here are what I believe to be the contact details for the Management team that just washed their hands of this: Company Number: 07783507 Registered Adddress: c/o Bevan & Buckland, Langdon House, Swansea, SA1 8QY Just in case you want to get in touch direct. Companies House should list the names of the Directors too. We use the term 'Professional advice' at our company when we contact our company lawyers. A very cynical person could imagine the conversation being along the lines of 'our idiot employees have screwed this project up. How do we walk away with no blame?' If you live in the UK, don't forget your rights under the Data Protection Act. They hold our data, so don't be afraid to make a Data Subject Access Request. Yes, I can say that I am as pissed off as everyone else today about the way this so called established electronics company with military contract experience has behaved towards it's backers but I do have to say, as a Brit currently living abroad that the comments about the British being cheaters is a bit off the mark in this case as the face of teamzano, the creator and the marketing manager are both Australian, Reece Crowther even played football for an Australian team. There are good companies and there are bad ones all over the world, that is a fact, but unfortunately the Kickstarter platform seemingly attracts it's fair share of chancers, cheaters and bare faced deceivers. I doubt we will get anything back from this as you can bet they have used all the money they got from our pockets and maybe even borrowed more from HSBC bank on the strength of us, the Kickstarter backer money. The bank has call over their assets (goods and chattels) according to the document trail I have seen online. Fcuk teamzano they scammed us good and proper and just in time for Christmas. <url>~$30K of funding, so if KS only gives me $20k, I can't get the project done. What this really means is I seriously question anything over $100, and won't fund those *unless they've completed a KS before* (eg, the PowerUp FPV <url>"Green Check", "Yellow ?", or "Red X" over the projects as they were successful/unsuccessful, but that doesn't prevent this guy from making the "Torque 2" group and going at it again. Only way is to have a reputation that followed the individual, but even that won't prevent new occurrences. Remember folks, you're helping people with a dream. I don't see how you can keep it open without roaches coming in... If I got the hardware and the SW was released on github, I'd be happier... I still wouldn't say It was successful, but it seems like a more honorable way to commit seppuku than this. But at lest the button should say "Dead" instead of "Pre-Order"... Done with crowdfunding on Kickstarter. They only take their percentage and don't care about the backers who make their salary possible! Everyone needs to tweet @kickstarter repeatedly to get retweets and get them to take notice, the more bad press they get and the more this kicks off the more likely they are to make a 'gesture' to backers of this. Failing that if recommend everyone to go through the process of creating Kickstarter projects for time machines etc and get as many funded as possible, then oops, we've gone bust Any law firms fancy taking on a class action suit against either Touring for the full amount or Kickstarter for the funds they received as part of the process Also can someone explain to me how this isn't illegal? I guess I need to become a creator of a project on KS, and get it funded and just tell everyone "too damn bad" and take the money and run since that's exactly what happened here. That's called theft where I live Of course KS has a reponsibility to protect their User against fraud in their Plattform! If the leave us out in the rain, we will quit them! This is my 1st kickstarter and it is also my last one. Note it says "best possible conclusion for backers" so what exactly is that?? Your out 370$ and tough shit? Fully agree with @Chris Bruner : "Wasn't this an kickstarter recommended project. Doesn't their risks and challenges page say they were 100% confident. They know it works. They've got manufacturing lined up, and just need money to get started. They just lied." This is why i backed this project. If it would have said "We're trying to build it and you will fund our trial." then this would be OK. But with the statement above, that's clearly fraud. And that's why they should be fully liable. I emailed KS support and this was what I got in response... Thanks for contacting Kickstarter. Your request has been updated. You can add a comment by replying to this email. Kickstarter Support (Kickstarter) Nov 18, 2:23 PM Hi there, Thanks for writing in to us. We’re very sorry to hear of the situation that has unfolded with the Zano project. Kickstarter is a platform where creators come to launch new ideas, with the support of backers such as yourself. Though creators on Kickstarter have a remarkable track record, there are no guarantees that a project will work out. If a creator can’t complete their project as promised, our Terms of Use requires them to bring the project to the best possible conclusion for their backers. Although we are unable to offer refunds on behalf of creators, we are constantly working to improve the vetting process for creators and thank you for sharing your experience. We hope you’ll continue to be an active member of the Kickstarter community as we learn and grow. Sincerely, Kickstarter Support Work Nov 18, 8:09 AM How can we help you? Please try to be as specific as possible. I back the Zano project and they announced today that they aren't a company anymore and have shut their doors. It's it part of the agreement with giving them money that you have a expectation of receiving something in return? This was the third most funded project ever for KS so how do I get my money back? Thank you Derek Needless to say I sent a very shitty email back and told them I hope they go out of buisness just like this shitty project I backed. Deleting this sucky app along with everything associated with this shitty company know as KS @Sean R, I'm a UK backer who received a Zano, but it is useless & not fit for purpose as it cannot keep stable in flight(that's if you can manage to get it into the air & it looses the wifi signal after 3-6 feet). Mine was an EMS built Zano which were faulty as the TG staffs Zanos were all hand built by themselves & they can fly. Do you think the EMS knew this was going south as well? I preordered in the US and I never received anything. Try contacting Simon Hart, The MP who visited TG offices. His email : <email> | <url>£ to I guess finish the development. What if they had raised just 200.000£ ? They got 20 nearly times their goal money. The money is supposed to make the ZANO, right ? or to pay hotels and CES shows etc ??? We want to see the expenses. With drones NOT being a new technology, not being able to make a flying ZANO ? ...when Torquing showed us a working (flying) zano. KS rules mention they have to do ALL necessary to make the project work + of course the promise that it's possible with the goal 1 time reached. I have cancelled 15 projects today since the Zano explosion. I am very sad for these projects and I really feel bad about it. Without prejudice. KickStarter needs to "step-up" for it's own good and address these fraud issues. No one is going to remember "Zano" in a year, but the brand/value impact to KickStarter is adding drag. Frankly, by the time you get many KickStarter deliveries (assume delays) the value and "buzz" is largely muted. The early days you assumed "cool", last couple of years you assumed "late" and now you can start to see the meme of assuming "never" or worse "fraud". Social network funding had a brief, sparkling moment, but this and roughly 25% of the other campaigns are grounding the KickStarter brand and the enthusiasm to participate in this unique form of funding without recourse. Wasn't this an kickstarter recommended project. Doesn't their risks and challenges page say they were 100% confident. They know it works. They've got manufacturing lined up, and just need money to get started. They just lied. @All My apologies for the long comment but its relevant... @ Don Chen - Thanks for your sensible comments @BAE KYUNG TAE - I feel your hurt, but your comments about the UK are unnecessary. It's a KICKSTARTER and TGL issue. See below a snippet of a complaint for ANOTHER KS Project from another part of the world... "Hello, I'm emailing you because you backed either the Holga Digital or Piece Kickstarter projects. Both of these projects were created by Alex Ng and Dennis Wong of Smartgears Global Limited, which is located in Hong Kong. I wanted to make you aware that Funded Today has filed a lawsuit against Smartgears Global Limited for fraud, breach of contract, and non-payment. .....Funded Today marketed both of these Kickstarter projects extensively for the entire duration of both campaigns. We spent tens of thousands of dollars in paid media to promote both of the projects and helped them raise over $700,000 CAD...For the past 2 months Alex, Dennis, and others within the company have blamed the non-payment on their accountant. Now they are being completely unresponsive. ...Every indication suggests they are trying to run after we helped them raise all the money. They could very well still deliver on your Kickstarter pledge. On the other hand, they may have simply launched two Kickstarter projects to make $700,000 CAD then run. ...In the event they don't pay and/or deliver on their Kickstarter products, we will pursue them criminally. I was on the phone with the FBI earlier this morning. If Alex and Dennis fail to make their payments, we will get a judgement entered against them. We will then work to involve the FBI to pursue them criminally under international law...It's not fair for a company to spend tens of thousands of dollars marketing Kickstarter projects for a client, and then have the creators run away with the money. Likewise it's not fair for backers like you to support a project, and then not receive anything. It's dishonest. It's illegal. And it's wrong. Again, they may or may not deliver. I don't know. Only time will tell. But we at Funded Today will be pursuing this until the matter is resolved. As one last note, in no way should you construe this email as an attorney-client representation between myself, you, or any of the other backers. I simply wanted to make you aware of what is happening. Sincerely, Thomas Alvord General Counsel, Funded Today P.S. We just found this project here: <url>" " THIS IS SERIOUS STUFF KICKSTARTER!! Not what I am expecting in my inbox!! <url>"pay" to hide the funds...shifting the money back and forth...like a big shell game. This shows how easy it is and there are no ramifications. I have backed numerous projects...some turned out better than others. But this will change the way I look at KS projects and I will be MUCH more cautious with my funding and will probably choose to let go on 90% the early bird specials I would have funded to get something I am interested in after products have been fully developed and delivered. It has been obvious for many months that this outcome was inevitable. As soon as it became clear that the Zano promotional video was entirely faked and many of the statements in the Kickstarter pitch were flat-out false, the writing was on the wall. For the backers, it's now officially over, so there is no sense wasting angst on it. The silver lining is that by now, the development of legitimate drones has advanced so that many of the promised features are now available elsewhere at reasonable cost. How could this sort of failure be avoided in the future? One idea is that when a project reaches some (TBD) monetary benchmark, Kickstarter (or other crowd funding platforms) should use some of the money to initiate a greater level of pre-funding scrutiny. Perhaps an independent review by a third-party expert who would visit with the proposing team, verify the prototype, and issue a short report to be posted on the project page. Backers would then have a chance to re-confirm or cancel their pledge for a refund (minus vetting costs) with a better idea of the risks involved. This particular project would certainly have been rated a very "high risk" proposition, had any serious vetting occurred. What an absolute fraud! And of course KS takes no action as usual. I have refrained myself from commenting on this project but i think now is a good time to voice it out. From the moment this Project was started on KS 1. we were presented of what it looks like a working prototype of zano, even on updates we were shown a flying zano, but never a fully functioning model that satisfies its promises from the start which is very misleading on the company's part. 2. They "appeared" to be active on the forum and KS page by controlling the details on updates, but never did directly answer all critical questions or voluntarily provide important updates about the progress of the project. £2.3 million quid.............that's a whole lot of cash to burn through, especially for a small product. I honestly thought that, with that much cash in the bank, this would be a pretty safe place to put my money.................what a dick I was. What on earth have they done with all that cash? I mean, I know the Zano was quite innovative, but even then.........£2.3 million?! I've pledged to nearly 200 projects - all in all, not a small amount of money........but I reckon I may have had enough..........or at least be far more careful........ Really expensive lesson to learn - I feel for everybody, especially those who have multiple Zano's pledged for.......... Not all Brits are **** - I'm from the UK, and got stiffed too. I think part of me would like every backer of every project to back out of everything for a month - just to make KS actually *do* something other than say "not our problem", but there we go. I knew the risks, but if a £2.3 million project can go 'bust', then so can every single project - and who wants to lose £1, let alone hundreds or thousands? Some time ago, I started to look at projects I was interested in, and then do a quick search to find already existing products that were out there - it won't surprise you to know that quite a few that I looked for, there was already an existing version/alternative that I could buy immediately. Yes, not all of the features might be available, but at least you're assured to get something for your money............ Just an idea. I pledged for a totally cool product, was given regular updates from a professional-looking crew, with a working product, who eventually said that they were shipping that product. I can't help feeling that I got fleeced. Again - if this well-financed, professional-looking company, can take your money and run, then anybody can. Very sad day for KS I think. I want to think the best about the project creators, but I have a horrible feeling that they are sat in a nice big house, with a nice big car outside, and have just shrugged their shoulders......... Very, very sad. SOOOO ARE THEY REFUNDING US??? Curious what amount they took in wages... Entrepreneurship.. so easy.. Just launch a kickstarter with a fake video, pocket £2M, spend some, play entrepreneur with your friends, get yourself a CEO wage, spend some more, go bankrupt say you failed. Nothing you could do. Probably still be proud of yourself and your 'accomplishment'. At least now you are an experienced entrepreneur! On to the next one! I'm vary disappointed in this whole KS project. I've had a bad feeling since communications broke down with no posts. Woke up this morning to the "Zano Implosion". A quick read of the KS site and I feel that KS has not held up their end. There where plenty of cues for KS to take action, and they did not. Under Sec. 4, Zano didn't post, didn't work in good faith, I see no proof of "good use of funds" and so on. To keep this short, if there is no adequate resolution I suggest a class action suit Bakers vs Kickstarter. @BAE KYUNG TAE - tone down your language about British and UK! This is not UK or British ppls fault... it is TGL/KS... you can fu*k as much as you want about TGL/KS and I would support you... but would one big cheater in your country make all your countrymen cheaters?! Let's stay sharp and rational ppl, help each other and get together! This sh*t needs to stop! and let us make these bastards pay (pay back our money that is)! Phoenix, allowing KS to hold on to the money until products are in hand of backers?! You are kidding right? this way, they make even more money! Just take ZANO for instance, if KS held on the money and store it in any decent country with good interest rates, they could be additionally making up to 5~8% over their 5 or 7% fees! If money raised in the campaign are held with KS and the @Creator cannot use the money, then no one would use KS. It is because Creators don't have the money/capital to invest in MOQ productions, they require funding... if they go to investors, banks and financing companies, it will cost them way much more than KS fees, if and only if they get approved for such loan... not criticizing you man, but I don't see how this would be ever feasible/workable in the shoes of Creators. With Crowd-Funding being hit really bad now... KS better bring out their thinking hats and do something, otherwise, the whole Crowd-Funding community will drop drastically! US credit card companies have a statute, typically 90 days, to dispute. These thieves collected funds earlier this year so it will near be impossible. It would be great to see a single page with links and instructions from all that are planning actions against TG and/or Kickstarter. I've been backing projects for years, it seems like the failure/scam rate has increased significantly in 2014/2015 and I expect that to continue. A lot of small voices can make a difference, let's get together and be in control for once. This is absolute BS. This user's account has been deleted. I met these guys in Vegas at CES and they were cool as hell. What happened? I'm incredibly disappointed right now. However, I'm not mad at Kickstarter, assuming I get my money back, I'm mad at Torquing. This deserves to be a PR nightmare for kickstarter. Zano failure changed my view on KS entirely and I now realize that this is more like a gambling site with no safeguard against rigged the game, because backers can be misled into "investing"based on false information. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. @Stephen I agree - Kickstarter may believe it is just a neutral platform and can remain agnostic to this event. That might be the case of Kickstarter received a flat fee from any creator using it. This event isn't just damaging to our pockets, It sets a worrying precedent that casts a shadow over ALL Kickstarter and crowd funding projects. Kickstarter has a responsibility to manage its gates and ensure responsible crowd funding. It can't say "it is nothing to do with us" while it profits from ZANO. If we were to start talking about limits for fundraising via crowd funding portals, or increased funder protection to ensure this event is not repeated I think Kickstarter might have a something to say about it. It's to Kickstarter's detriment that it can allow the 'official' statement of ZANO to stand unchallenged With +12K backers, there are less than 1000 backers signed this petition ?????? <url>’re very sorry to hear of the situation that has unfolded with the Zano project. Kickstarter is a platform where creators come to launch new ideas, with the support of backers such as yourself. Though creators on Kickstarter have a remarkable track record, there are no guarantees that a project will work out. If a creator can’t complete their project as promised, our Terms of Use requires them to bring the project to the best possible conclusion for their backers. Although we are unable to offer refunds on behalf of creators, we are constantly working to improve the vetting process for creators and thank you for sharing your experience. We hope you’ll continue to be an active member of the Kickstarter community as we learn and grow. Sincerely, Maren For US backers it may be of use to contact the FTC. To file a complaint in English or Spanish, visit the FTC’s online Complaint Assistant or call 1-877-FTC-HELP (1-877-382-4357) <url>#ZANOgate. Seriously, when you've got this amount of money, how is it possible to fail ? Kickstater is here to start project, company, etc. , not funding a batch of product. How is it possible to fail with this amount of backup. Will we get our pledges returned? This is all to fishy and smells like fraud. From just a month ago (15/10) a fulfillment schedule was announced? Quite a leap from just deliver the product to bankruptcy?! What happened to the £2,3 million??? I want a decent bloody explanation! And all my money returned! What kind of lame ass explanation is "we have made the difficult decision to pursue a creditors voluntary liquidation".? If thousands of backers complaint to Paypal and VISA in the following days, I am quite sure that they will talk with Kickstarter quickly. Anybody from UK can go to the Police too? PayPal only allow disputes on payments in the last 180 days. We paid for the Zano at the start of the year paypal won't refund imo. Not sure if this will work but money saving expert has advise on getting money back if you used a debit card. The following info is from www.moneysavingexpert.com There's valuable hidden protection on Visa, Mastercard and Amex credit cards and most debit and charge cards. It's called 'chargeback' and means if you don't receive the goods you bought, you may be able to get your money back. ***Importantly, as it's asking for money back from the supplier's bank, not the supplier itself, the money should come back even if the retailer has gone bust — though this isn't guaranteed. <url>´s the best way to complain We can indeed sue them When a project is successfully funded, the creator must complete the project and fulfill each reward. Once a creator has done so, they’ve satisfied their obligation to their backers. Throughout the process, creators owe their backers a high standard of effort, honest communication, and a dedication to bringing the project to life. At the same time, backers must understand that when they back a project, they’re helping to create something new — not ordering something that already exists. There may be changes or delays, and there’s a chance something could happen that prevents the creator from being able to finish the project as promised. If a creator is unable to complete their project and fulfill rewards, they’ve failed to live up to the basic obligations of this agreement. To right this, they must make every reasonable effort to find another way of bringing the project to the best possible conclusion for backers. A creator in this position has only remedied the situation and met their obligations to backers if: they post an update that explains what work has been done, how funds were used, and what prevents them from finishing the project as planned; they work diligently and in good faith to bring the project to the best possible conclusion in a timeframe that’s communicated to backers; they’re able to demonstrate that they’ve used funds appropriately and made every reasonable effort to complete the project as promised; they’ve been honest, and have made no material misrepresentations in their communication to backers; and they offer to return any remaining funds to backers who have not received their reward (in proportion to the amounts pledged), or else explain how those funds will be used to complete the project in some alternate form. The creator is solely responsible for fulfilling the promises made in their project. If they’re unable to satisfy the terms of this agreement, they may be subject to legal action by backers. Supposedly the Zano has shipped out to backers. What I'm wondering is has anyone actually received one or were the last few updates a load of bull? Credit card chargeback <url>"Following recent events, the board members have considered carefully the technical, commercial and financial viability of the Zano project." Are you kidding me? There is no single mention on any "difficulty" that you have encountered. You have just postponed and postponed the expected delivery time and we have spent enough patience with you, not to mention our encouragement and support, yet you were not honest enough to let us know any of your "difficulties". You have given us such a great shipping schedule and all hopes to us on your last update but now your "best" action to pay us back is your bankruptcy, not to find further financing or recovery action. Thank you for such an expensive lesson I have learnt from Zano, I will probably remember this name in my life to remind me that I was stupid enough to trust all your 48 updates before your last one. And also I think it will be the turning point for my crowd-funding road, I'm done with it. Period. Have raised the case with my Credit Company in the UK. Forms on the was to me to completed. Will keep you informed of what happens Let them know how we feel. <url>"no liability" clause in their agreements. So, we as backers have NO recourse if the project creator just decides to take off with the money. People have brilliant ideas, that traditional investors might not see the value in. This is why it's so disappointing that no new project will receive my support. All thanks to Zano (Torquing Group) and kickstarter's no liability philosophy. Article in Mashable: <url>#DZEX7Khjgqqf This has to be a con. How can £2.3m just vanish. If ths was genuine. there would at least be lots of stock lying arounf that could be sent to backers. Who are these jokers.. Can we have their names in lights so we are NEVER conned again by them. I had decided to kick the Kickstarter habit before hearing this disappointing news. Mainly this was due to slow fulfilment by a couple of other projects I've backed. Ironically inwas confident that Zano would eventually deliver. I do understand Kickstarter's role as a for "investors" and innovators to connect. I know and understand Kickstarter's position on liability. Nevertheless, I do strongly agree with an earlier poster that it would be in Kickstarter's best interests to do some vetting of projects promoted in their curated "Picks" section. This would go along way towards ensuring the long-term survival of their business model. What date was this funded? This user's account has been deleted. My Son saved his pocket money for weeks for one of these. He wanted it in time for his Birthday - which was months ago - but after getting in contact with ZANO I was promised it would be here in time for Christmas. He is going to be absolutely gutted & heartbroken when I tell him the news he won't be receiving one at all now. This is disgusting & I wish I'd never shown him the video at funding time. ZANO should of shipped to Backers before preorders & then we might of all received something. I was stupid enough to pay for extras through Backerkit for a surprise for him but now that money is lost also. I would of hoped that being Europe's most funded Project something like this would never of happened but I guess even the most craftiest crooks can hide behind the 'Mask of Kickstarter' & successfully grab £Millions & still get away with it! Now I have to break the news to my Son that he will never receive his ZANO & his money is lost. This news really strike us out of the blue. Like many others, I checked my email updates from you for any possible signs of bankruptcy but nothing came out but this recent email. Really disappointed in KS and hopefully at least half of the backed money are being returned... Sigh Dose this mean we'll get a refund ?? If Kickstarter was smart they would find a way to to help us get our money back or they will soon be out of business I want to join the class action suit. How do I do that? These guys are con artists and we need to extract as much of the money we gave them back to us Ouch! @Andrew Faulkner - according to that article nothing has been refunded because the originator has no money. The same thing will happen here, nothing any court can do if there is no money to pay backers with. So on the date my zano was suppose to ship, you declare bankruptcy and screw us all over. Only the second time I've lost on kickstarter, but I will have to seriously consider not backing future projects without some safe guards being put in place for backers. I agree with @James Vanderheof for this platform to keep its integrity... Meanwhile, this project couldn't have spend all this money !! Unless they have already paid for production (Partially or fully) if that is the case than I want a fully assembled unit as promised ... if not I'll accept that the remaining amount set for production be divided on all backers that did not receive their pledge (Partial refund better than nothing) that is a bearable risk when Creator comes clean with the funds allocations report I would happily contribute to a KS campaign supporting legal action Failed Kickstarter project forced by FTC to refund backers $112,000 in landmark case <url>"Class Action" - I am willing to contribute $100 towards a legal effort to deal with this. There needs to be change and a framework to prevent future issues. I want to continue to fund projects, but do not feel comfortable w/o any protection whatsoever. Wait - here's an idea - why don't we start up a Kickstarter to raise funds for the legal effort!!!� Iv been asking for 2 weeks for my money back and had no response, You had 2.3 million pounds and almost a year to get this done and failed. Very upset im 280 pounds out of pocket, and the fact you were fulfilling pre orders before your backers was a huge dick move. Well, either they are probably some of the most irresponsible entrepreneurs in existence or they are crooks - eventually we will find out, but for now I think there should be an investors direct response. Most likely a major proportion of the investors paid thru cc or PayPal or both. I am going to dispute the charge on all platforms citing Kickstarter as well as Torque for misleading and fraudulent practices in obtaining the funds - They raised far, far in excess of their stated requirements. In the future I think that Kickstarter should require all excess funds to be placed in escrow pending successful completion of their original stated dates and completion for the project. All rewards should be required to be sent out in order of their payment. If in the event that the project fails to meet its' goals - then the investors should have the option of receiving a pro-rated share of the escrow as a refund if they do not desire to have the project continue past their stated completion date. If the project did not require the funds, then ther is no need for them to have access to them. At least this, or some similar framework, will give the investors the opportunity to leave before the project becomes the colossal failure that this has. I am sure there are other simple safeguards that can be implemented with a little thought. Meanwhile I do believe if Kickstarter promoted this project that they bear some responsibility for the economic bilking that Torque left in its' demise. To recommend it, even tacitly, without vetting their claims is irresponsible. Kickstarter has access to the ears of millions of potential investors - further they have credibility - together this also requires them to exercise due diligence when using that influence to promote a project. This should not go unanswered, but as a concerted effort, not as an unfocused mob. To all the idiots that were being nasty to me a few months ago, saying that I was an idiot questioning zano and its success, I got my fefund suckers....... U keep hoping u ll get a flying zano! As for the rest of the backers I sincerely do hope they get refunded at least partly if not fully Why not just produce a good product? i want my money back,. yet another con from a crowd funding site, now this make indiegogo and kickstarter fake sites to steal money I don't believe that they still accept pre-order now! <url>"savings over retail". My lesson has been learned - no more kickstarter for me. Very disappointed with you guys. My self and many other people gave money to this project because it was a great little drone, and now no one will be getting anything!!!! Some how you betterribly give back all the money you stole from us. Well, either they are probably some of the most irresponsible entrepreneurs in existence or they are crooks - eventually we will find out, but for now I think there should be an investors direct response. Most likely a major proportion of the investors paid thru cc or PayPal or both. I am going to dispute the charge on all platforms citing Kickstarter as well as Torque for misleading and fraudulent practices in obtaining the funds - They raised far, far in excess of their stated requirements. In the future I think that Kickstarter should require all excess funds to be placed in escrow pending successful completion of their original stated dates and completion for the project. All rewards should be required to be sent out in order of their payment. If in the event that the project fails to meet its' goals - then the investors should have the option of receiving a pro-rated share of the escrow as a refund if they do not desire to have the project continue past their stated completion date. If the project did not require the funds, then ther is no need for them to have access to them. At least this, or some similar framework, will give the investors the opportunity to leave before the project becomes the colossal failure that this has. I am sure there are other simple safeguards that can be implemented with a little thought. Meanwhile I do believe if Kickstarter promoted this project that they bear some responsibility for the economic bilking that Torque left in its' demise. To recommend it, even tacitly, without vetting their claims is irresponsible. Kickstarter has access to the ears of millions of potential investors - further they have credibility - together this also requires them to exercise due diligence when using that influence to promote a project. This should not go unanswered, but as a concerted effort, not as an unfocused mob. As I understand it they have lots of drones which work but not upto the spec we expected, but that does happen. I am not sure that is was not the BBC which made the project fail. But I do query the seemingly fake video. I would expect that the extras part mean we could be mean we are creditors, but the rest is down the plug. This is my 3rd kickstarter possible failure out of 85 projects so far. So ... what about our money? Is there any chance to get it back from someone? To all the people that say "your money is at risk".. "it is an investment" bla bla bla Just read this: £2,335,119 pledged of £125,000 goal This means, that they thought they can make it with £125.000. Those idiots could not make it. But where the hack are the £2,200,000 only from pledges. I am not even talking about pre-orders. This one has to go to court, whatever risk was involved! Some people having some fun time now, with our money. That is not THE risk I was suppose to take here... Very disappointing. Both the Zano team and Kickstarter. As I remember this project was a 'Kickstarter Staff Pick' which implies some element of understanding and support. If as in a statement to BBC last week implied they don't have the resources to vet projects then how did they decide to make it a 'staff pick'? <url>£2.3m has gone and why their pitch fraudulently claimed the product was working. Any publicity is good publicity even if it only serves to educate future investors of the risks of crowd funded investment. Yes, I have to kick the kickstarter. I had invested close to $1000 on 11 projects. Here is the breakdown: 5 - received products of which 3 have folded their projects after delivering the goods 1 - received product, failed in the first instance, creater turned deaf to my requests 3 - no responses (been almost a year with any activity) - so I consider these to be down the drain 1 - liquidation (Zano) 1 - in development, not going to have any high hopes Folks - please spread the word not to invest any more on Kickstarter, look for the products turn up on Amazon or at a local b&m... Could have spent the $1000 donating to charity for a good karma! 4. How Projects Work Most of our Terms of Use explain your relationship with Kickstarter. This section is different — it explains the relationship between creators and backers of Kickstarter projects, and who’s responsible for what. This is what you’re agreeing to when you create or back a Kickstarter project. Kickstarter provides a funding platform for creative projects. When a creator posts a project on Kickstarter, they’re inviting other people to form a contract with them. Anyone who backs a project is accepting the creator’s offer, and forming that contract. Kickstarter is not a part of this contract — the contract is a direct legal agreement between creators and their backers. Here are the terms that govern that agreement: When a project is successfully funded, the creator must complete the project and fulfill each reward. Once a creator has done so, they’ve satisfied their obligation to their backers. Throughout the process, creators owe their backers a high standard of effort, honest communication, and a dedication to bringing the project to life. At the same time, backers must understand that when they back a project, they’re helping to create something new — not ordering something that already exists. There may be changes or delays, and there’s a chance something could happen that prevents the creator from being able to finish the project as promised. If a creator is unable to complete their project and fulfill rewards, they’ve failed to live up to the basic obligations of this agreement. To right this, they must make every reasonable effort to find another way of bringing the project to the best possible conclusion for backers. A creator in this position has only remedied the situation and met their obligations to backers if: they post an update that explains what work has been done, how funds were used, and what prevents them from finishing the project as planned; they work diligently and in good faith to bring the project to the best possible conclusion in a timeframe that’s communicated to backers; they’re able to demonstrate that they’ve used funds appropriately and made every reasonable effort to complete the project as promised; they’ve been honest, and have made no material misrepresentations in their communication to backers; and they offer to return any remaining funds to backers who have not received their reward (in proportion to the amounts pledged), or else explain how those funds will be used to complete the project in some alternate form. The creator is solely responsible for fulfilling the promises made in their project. If they’re unable to satisfy the terms of this agreement, they may be subject to legal action by backers. ⋯⋯ It sounds like there have been some real problems behind the scenes for a while, meanwhile Torquing have been insisting in their emails and updates that the shipments were going to be fulfilled. I've just seen this article on the BBC website from last week, it's worth a read. <url>"Ivan Reedman, Reece Crowther, David Cameron MP, Carwyn Jones: Zano Drone Refund! Biggest Drone Kickstarter is Biggest Fraud!." I think this is important. Will you sign it too? Here's the link: <url>"Kickstarter and Zano fleeces investors of 3M$" would get some attention and would be a true statement. Hello, I just signed the petition, "Ivan Reedman, Reece Crowther, David Cameron MP, Carwyn Jones: Zano Drone Refund! Biggest Drone Kickstarter is Biggest Fraud!." I think this is important. Will you sign it too? Here's the link: <url>"12,075 backers pledged £2,335,119 to help bring this project to life." My what a scam.... KS PLEASE get involved with this. I am going to cancel all my actual pledges in all the projects. This will be clear "message" I've just re-read the campaign to see if I was stupid. But the conclusion I've come to is that I'd still invest based on what they told us at the time. Unfortunately we now know they were mostly fraudulent claims and the product wasn't in the state on which the investment was based. I therefore still believe KS needs to be held accountable for allowing a fraudulent campaign to be listed on their site. Just this bit is enough... "ZANO is up and flying, holding position, avoiding obstacles, streaming live video back to a smart device, capturing video and photos." Well this sucks, such a rip off. KS we want action, time you stepped up and did some work for your cut. Your brand is severely damaged by the actions of this lot, there is at least 12,000 off us that want to see some sort of response from you now is the time to show you care about us poor backers. It might not all be over there can be chance to recover - <url>£116K for this project. Maybe they will be willing to give that back to their customers?.... I'll hold my breath <url>`t. I suppose with any kind of confidence trick the secret is not to let your patsies twig on to it until you are ready to do one. As far as Kickstarter goes I will keep my eye on the remaining outstanding projects I have backed and hope they don`t go the same way and WILL NOT be backing any more new projects. It is sad crowd funding is a great concept but in this multi million pound market there will always be those who rip people off. Hopefully will check back through and maybe covered by my credit card. C`est la vie. So now for getting the money back: The changes that TQ have a dime left are unlikely. Our hope is that the credit card companies jump in and can provide us with a chargeback. Any ideas on how to do this (Europe)? I hope you guys are enjoying your time at Hawaii or Cayman Island with a buckload of money. Well played! yeah I gave up a few weeks ago all hope . found another dorne project which shows real proof of progress ... so reverting on this one (was cheaper as well than the zano ) <url>#/story Damn, bye bye money I've already called the bank and filed a fraud investigation against this company and KS. The Consumer Rights Act gives us the right to terminate the purchase and get a full refund when the goods are not yet delivered. I really hope Zano drags KS down with it ... Shame on KS for not providing any due diligence along the way - especially on a project of this size. KS let Zano lie to us and drag us on for a year .... Update after update was just a fabricated story, culminated by "Products have shipped!" How can KS think this level of BS falls under its "terms?" KS did nothing to verify a very large project, and it should cost KS its reputation - and ultimately its customer base .... I don't think we will get our money back . KS should make arrangement with the creators to get this solved and get the money refunded. It is obligation of KS who are taking 5% commission of each funded project . So they have make sure either the project get delivered or the backers get back their fund. <url>£1 each would give us £12075 to start legal action against the directors of the Torquing Group Ltd I signed the petition too... <url>#ponzischeme Third product I have backed through Kickstarter - third product that I did not receive. Says it all about Kickstarter - dangerous and costly. Totally disappointed. I expected at least one failure out of the projects I backed, but this one hurts the most. 2nd and possibly the 3rd Kickstarter that took a fat dump on the backers after months of silence to say that they failed. Hope my money was worth burning for luxury. I will never get my #4446 ? ?? F...... ........ and byebye Kickstarter (first and last project) This was cleverly calculated fraud. Wow, typical modern scam that I did not expect. I hope they had a good time with our money. They better pray that a legal recourse for us is not found or they'll pay dearly. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Kickstarter needs to step up I think kickstarter should be posting us all an apology and details on how we are going to get our hard earned cash back, Probably Torquing Group was just an on paper company whose object was to make this scum happen. I can't believe a company that operated in defence and military would accept such a bad image from this fail. Probably we were all guilty of naivety or frivolity as we got all excited by this little drone and all things we imagine us to do with it. I was reassured by the big amount already pledged for instance. I backed last minute... 2.3 M pounds is a lot of money to just do nothing and get these criminals away with it. I'm unfortunately realistic when I say that we won't see a penny back. However, dear Kickstarter, when a project hits a certain threshold of funding, it'd be appropriate to send an inspector to verify it and endorse the viability. Projects may fail but at least we, backers, get something. We've just been fooled with a fake presentation video, fake updates and fake commitments. I feel nothing but disappointment out of this campaign. I just hope Torquing and the team won't get away that easily, even petty criminals like you need to pay. Disgraceful. Completely disappointed! Any chance we get our money back? Everyone asking for money back. its not going to happen! end of! your ONLY hope is talking to your bank and see if they will refund you, but that is slim I have no problem loosing my money, it was clear from the start that this could happen. If this project fails, it will be my fourth that is not delivering the reward. If Kickstarter don't change the system I will not back any further projects. For the 5% fee of total funding I expect that they do something, the amount is to high for just running the website. For Zano Kickstarter has got 116755.95 GBP, I think we could expect some work from Kickstart for this. Until now I have never seen a reaction from Kickstarter on any failed project. An idea would be that backers could report a project with a click to Kickstarter and if a threshold of backers have done this a project coordinator from Kickstarter will need to monitor the project. He then need to get in Contact with the creators and should inform backers regularly over the current status. If projects pass a certain amount of pledges, the money should only paid to the creators based on milestones. We backers don't bother the creators, they can easily ignore us if they like. For one backer it's to much work to take legal action against a creator. I wish that Kickstarter take legal action against such creators. At the end they damage the brand Kickstarter with each project that fails. Again, backing projects is not buying a product - i'm totally fine with loosing some money. If the creators at least communicate transparent i have got something to read for my money. But the silence from Kickstarter is annoying ! Wow. Expecting to have a zano in my hands by Christmas. Completely stunned. What is our next course of action with this? I'm sure Kickstarter got their money why can't we at least get a portion of our money back a fraud of £2,335,119, are we getting our hard earned money back? This is not good for KS at all. The 3rd most funded project ever fails less than a year after being funded. Just give me my money back This is outrageous. Completely out of the blue without any reason ? As we have never been informed at all about any financial difficulties (and this project got a LOT more than they originally needed to raise and planned with), this has an extremely bad taste of fraud and/or diversion of bankruptcy. If any backers in the UK will file suit I consider supporting this as a matter of principle. <url>"big" promises and lost money on most of them near the end of the project. It is no longer a surprise when you get that "we can't deliver" email but as for me and Kickstarter, we're done! The prices promised for backing are lower than full production products but the amount I've lost now in future I'll follow a product and if it hits the market then I'll buy it. Should save myself hundreds even if the price is higher!! They have a legal responsibility to provide refunds, it's just a case of whether they actually have funds available. We all have a right to review how the money was spent and if we don't believe that they used the money wisely and made a good effort to the complete the project we can take legal action against them. Hopefully it doesn't come down to that though. More from Kickstarter on this below: Is a creator legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project? Yes. Kickstarter's Terms of Use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. We crafted these terms to create a legal requirement for creators to follow through on their projects, and to give backers a recourse if they don't. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill. HALL OF FAME HAS CHANGED THE TITLE to all backers "FUCK YOU" I´ve backed over 40 Kickstarter projects since 2012. Because I strongly believe in entrepeneurship and I myself had a difficult startup nearly 20 years ago. And I love this geek-stuff. Of these 40 projects, about half were purely technical. Of these 2 have failed so far - the CST01 watch and this one. When I back a technical project my mindset is that I won´t get anything at all. There´s just too many possibillities where a tech-projectg can go wrong. So 2 out of 20 is alright for me. I'm so disappointed, if there are no refunds, it's unacceptable!! We will sue you for lying to us. My only question is. Where are the£2,335,119? Signed the petition: <url>"goodwill refund" on such unethical projects to all backers in the same proportion - its peanuts, but its a solid gesture. And Zano..they need to be held liable and accountable. Refunds or legal action is definitely necessary! If they really are innocent, they should be able to easily prove all the efforts in development that they have done and get away, but if they can't, then well..well...well...everybody needs to be recompensed for their contributions. After giving benefit of the doubt so many times, i supported Zano right till the end i am disappointed of how abruptly its ended after spending a sizable chunk of money, I had high hopes for this project i truly did and i was hoping for a successful outcome but that's the risk we take when investing in projects like this, i would have thought since zano was supported by a flourishing limited company that finances could be pooled from other sources. I would love to know where the finances ran out and what frivolous spending went where. I would also like to know with the zanos in current holding will they continue to be dispatched or just left to gather dust. This is my LAST kickstarter thing ! I supported 5. Two of them I dont use anymore, because they are crap, one is delayed like hell, one was refunded by the producer and this fantastic one. <url>#section4 Kickstarter doesn’t offer refunds. Responsibility for finishing a project lies entirely with the project creator. Kickstarter doesn’t hold funds on creators’ behalf, cannot guarantee creators’ work, and does not offer refunds. Very sad if predictable outcome, unlikely to see any of our cash back, but KS get their cash upfront so they will not be hurt by this unlike many backers. Have backed 25 projects, 20 have delivered, 5 have failed to deliver, during this time KS sing the same tune, it's our fault for not doing our research and it has nothing to do with them. Unfortunately for KS they may have come unstuck this time, they really should have engaged with TG much earlier and should have been more proactive in this entire fiasco. I do feel that KS has many questions to answer, as does TG, like what is the truth about the videos, was there a working prototype, what checks do/did KS actually carry out before taking the fees off of a developer? I dont expect to hear anything else from TG, by I am waiting for a formal statement from KS about their handling of complaints and concerns regarding this project and how they may have acted to protect us or keep us informed or engaged at a much earlier stage. But I am bright enough to know KS will try to keep its head down and hope it can be business as usual, they could be disappointed. Kickstarter T&Cs: If the problems are severe enough that the creator can't fulfill their project, creators need to find a resolution. Steps should include offering refunds, detailing exactly how funds were used, and other actions to satisfy backers. When a project is successfully funded, the creator must complete the project and fulfill each reward. Once a creator has done so, they’ve satisfied their obligation to their backers. Throughout the process, creators owe their backers a high standard of effort, honest communication, and a dedication to bringing the project to life. At the same time, backers must understand that when they back a project, they’re helping to create something new — not ordering something that already exists. There may be changes or delays, and there’s a chance something could happen that prevents the creator from being able to finish the project as promised. If a creator is unable to complete their project and fulfill rewards, they’ve failed to live up to the basic obligations of this agreement. To right this, they must make every reasonable effort to find another way of bringing the project to the best possible conclusion for backers. A creator in this position has only remedied the situation and met their obligations to backers if: •they post an update that explains what work has been done, how funds were used, and what prevents them from finishing the project as planned; •they work diligently and in good faith to bring the project to the best possible conclusion in a timeframe that’s communicated to backers; •they’re able to demonstrate that they’ve used funds appropriately and made every reasonable effort to complete the project as promised; •they’ve been honest, and have made no material misrepresentations in their communication to backers; and •they offer to return any remaining funds to backers who have not received their reward (in proportion to the amounts pledged), or else explain how those funds will be used to complete the project in some alternate form. The creator is solely responsible for fulfilling the promises made in their project. If they’re unable to satisfy the terms of this agreement, they may be subject to legal action by backers. OK, done with KS once for good. I've lost a lot of money in numerous projects and now I am fed. IMHO, a whole bunch of crooks are using the platform to extort money from us blue-eyed tech explorers. Will we get a refund or is that the chance you take with a kickstarter project? No communications of any issues then suddenly this bs? Translation of that bullshit update #49: "Thank you for your money, we will hve a very good time with that. Good night you stupid idiots." No way man, you can't treat us like that!!!!!!!!!! Disappointed, but that is the difference between buying a product and funding a promising company... Fine for me, if they did everything they could and informed us properly... Nevertheless, disappointing. Seriously .. Wtf .. Better get full refund I think perhaps - as there is no prospect of our getting our money back - you guys owe us a better explanation of what led to this given the extensive updates you've been sending out and not indicating at anytime that this project was about to go tits up. I am massively disappointed and think you have abused the Kickstarter ethos. this was my last kickstarter :) not because a project has failed. because kickstarter doesn't care about the backers after they got their money. They shall refund the creditors. Wtf... Wow they better provide refunds Well, that's me done for KS. I have backed several items over the last few years, and every single one of them without exception has been fraught with issues. I think it's about time that KS (and other platforms) started to take responsibility for its environment and its offerings on it, and have better verification of viability. I think the biggest loser here is KS, and they should take note VERY VERY disappointed. I hope we will see our money back! So damit ist es offiziell wir sehen unser Geld nie wieder =( Not a chance we get our money back. Their list of creditors will be huge. Sad times. That's crowdfunding. Kickstarter could at least apologise...perhaps they can give us back our money that they took out of the project. Haha! They will refund the money After supporting Zano vocally all the way through I'm big enough to hold up my hands and say I was wrong. I apologise to anyone I offended either my stringent support. A shame I was wrong but hey-Ho. I knew the risks when I was getting into it. This hasn't soured my experience of Kickstarter, I've backed and received other projects and will continue to. You're campaign stated 'it's not case of if you will get it, it's a case of when' Therefore, this is clearly fraud! Will we be refunded? Sooo... Another kickstarter crashes and burns. In total i've spent $957 on nothing, will never back a kickstarter project in my life. This project just got officially sunk into the drain... Awwwwww snap!!! *munching popcorn* And the official statement is posted.... Which brings this to a close. Bye bye our money. They will refund Read my message important and please reply This user's account has been deleted. Roger M sadly my friend it is not difficult these days to fake such movies dangle a tiny drone on a piece of fine string on a long carbon fibre pole you can make it appear to do all sorts. For a £2.5 million fraud it doesn't cost a lot. Makes me wonder if they ever really got the certifications done or if that too was just a ruse. Looks like we were all pretty much strung along and suckered. No more kickstarter backings from me don't get caught twice. ETHICS & The trust in human nature both get shot down on Kickstarter This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. I don't beleve it, another deadbeat Kickstarter campaign? I don't still quite et this, how did they film the ad for Zano flying around the kid on the bike then it lands in his hand if there was no working Zano's? I just can't see how that was faked and pre orders still advertised here on this site. What exactly is the proof that they are stopping development with the Zano? All I find reading is everyone saying they scammed us, I read the ripoff report and really confused here now! Well, if this isn't a staff pick anymore do I want it? I'm sure the internet will somehow remember the good old days of zano being a staff pick. @Jonathan, if you are going to complain about something, please do it about something real. Specialise is the British spelling of the word. @Jared, Who lied to you? Why do you think KS has spoken to someone at TG? I take 'reached out' to be 'sent them an email'. This user's account has been deleted. Should we bring up lawsuit? I see Kickstarter has now removed the "Staff Pic" sticker now Everyone is cleaning house for an inspection by the looks This user's account has been deleted. Last project backed on Kickstarter. Still waiting for another project as well to deliver the movie I backed. This Zano is just a blatant rip off. The company got in way over it's head in terms of building the thing in the first place and then delivering it. Now it seems they have all run away with the money. Bad business, bad for Kickstarter (where no one seems to care or is able to respond outside the pre-defined responses). Such a shame.... Reece Crowther is clearly around as he has been active on Facebook, writing and sharing posts. Just a shame he has no respect for the people who paid for his flights to escape back to Australia. Ah! Now I see what's happened, TG have maybe taken their eye off of the Zano project a little, since - according to their biography on this very site - they've been busy elsewhere. I imagine their marketing director may have had a creative hand in writing the below: "From consumer tech to immediate situational awareness on the battlefield. Torquing Group is poised to launch four nano UAS in 2015 covering a wide array of applications. Through persistence innovation in miniature UAS technology, Torquing Group Ltd is well placed to cement themselves as the market leader in Autonomous, Intelligent, Swarming Nano UAS's." @nanobot9000 - you can see when Reece (or other TG person) last logged in easily - click on the "Created by Torquing Group Ltd" graphic just up and to the right of where you are reading this - right under where it laughingly says "Pre-Order Now!" - and it shows when the last creator log in was.... Agreed about checking in and not posting. I am sure this is obvious I but how do people see who is logging in? This user's account has been deleted. If other companies that have taken funding and then failed, are giving refunds, So should zano. It's a disgrace I do not want this falsely advertised product. Are we not protected under a consumer act??? @ukpetey, Well said indeed. If I had known that the videos were all false they would never had got my backing. I too would like a refund but I doubt as a backer I've got any chance of seeing a penny of it. Well said @ukpetey Well, guys, look on the positive side; at least this wasn't Ritot. Those people who backed up that idiocy on IG I *really* feel sorry about. @dominic c. - I think most if not all of us realise what Kickstarter is, and what it is not. I certainly understood the risks, but it appears that the risks were stacked against us, since the reality of the project did not, we can see now, match the marketing bullsh*t we were fed. If TG had have been honest and upfront about how far along the project was (or wasn't) and not given the false impression that the videos used in the campaign were genuine, then we likely would have been more acutely aware of the reality of what we were backing. So, put plainly, I feel that we were misled and the project was misrepresented- anyone who thinks this isn't so, in my opinion, is out of touch with reality. Ok - while I am acutely aware that the lack of communication is very bad. I think we all need to wait and see what is decided about the company. They have not dissolved and I think are not sure what to do next. Communicating would be the right thing! I am all for getting my money back, but I also understood the risk and they did begin to produce a product - even if it did not live up to the claims. I am willing to give them a shot to make it right for all the backers and supporters. i could accept if TG keep communicate about their failure, but they didn't. and look like they already ran away. i want my money back. I can 't believe that they have already spoiled 3 million dollars. and if they transferred the money to their paradizes,they are thieves!!! I think many, if not most of you, fail to realize what Kickstarter is and what it is not. These things happen- company's go under. Part of the risk of Kickstarter is something just like this- it can and does happen. It's like playing the stock market- except you're not investing in anything on Kickstarter. An investment pays you back. This is not an investment and should not be treated as such. Does this suck? Of course it does- but shame on you if you didn't understand the risks associated with Kickstarter. Where is our product and money? I'll contact credit card authorities thanks Bernardi seems that there is some movement. hope they will be soon a little bit honnest to their backers. and realize that they were victim of their own fake zano hype. also we have to say sorry to our forum troll who contacted ks about fake videos and impossible promisses. here is his story once again:<url>#comment_17 he was blocked on the zanforum and blocked on the ks comments. nice words from ks when they say to the bbc reporter that they encourage backers to evaluate creators.When there is one who try to explain that staff picked videos were fake,he is blocked away by ks.I hope that both companies take their responsabillities in this bad story...... Taking the money and run away is not the reason why we are here...... I doubt they'll be able to refund since they are probably used all the cash for something. =/ But yeah, the right thing to do would of course be a refund, but if they "moved the money", we'll never get anything. This user's account has been deleted. no not ruining their lives. just to stay correct and to refund us as much as possible!! We should open a project to raise funds and ruin the life of all TG executives (hire hackers and whatnot). I'd give a lot to see them miserable for stealing so much money. Learned my lesson with KS as well, never using it again. @emmanuel This just changes the end date of the company's financial year. For what purpose I can not say. I have found this <url>"video from the drone" in the video as exceptional quality. We now know that all of this is an untruth. We have all been lied to, and ultimately the responsibility from this lies jointly with TG and KS. I demand someone to address these faults. Craig. This user's account has been deleted. Could anyone get a hold of them in the last couple of weeks? I tried contacting them but no-one answered so far. How do I request a refund? Zano is a production project but not a R&D project. TG promises to deliver the drone to backers. They should keep their promise to deliver product or refund money to backers. No drone, no money, what a fraud project. What a bunch of bullshit. Almost 400$ down the F*cking drain. Blows my mind. Lawsuits on the way... For KS too Projects like this are why Kickstarter should, and will, fail. To date this is my fourth ks campaign that stole my money. I'm calling my bank and I'm gonna try to get my money back and delete my ks account once and for all. There are too many scams here and KS DOES NOT CARE. I can't believe I've lost so much money. Hopefully others will take notice and KS will be out of money and go out of business in a couple of years. I just reported this to my state's Attorney General. The AG of Washington pursued a previous Kickstarter scam that bilked contributors of around $30,000, so I am hoping they will go after the much bigger money here. £2 million is a hell of a lot of money to blow .. The directors of torquing group should not be allowed to walk away .. They may well have misappropriated the money - we need to see the company financial statements . can we collectively mount a legal challenge .. Unfortunately Yes but it is useless & won't fly, my first one broke on it's maiden flight & the replacement is Sadly "Not as Described" to be polite about it. It is uncontrollable as the ones from the EMS are faulty & can't keep stable flight but the ones the staff used for later video demos were hand build by themselves. It is clear now that the Kickstarter videos on the campaign were completely false. Very sad we were all mislead & Kickstarter did not follow due diligence checks before pocketing their large percentage. Has anyone gotten product? If you read all the stuff from the ripoff report (as detailed at the below link) then it all fits together. I'd forgotten a lot of the promises and excuses from TG during and after the KS campaign, and around CES 2015, but it's all documented here. If you need anything to show to your credit card company as to how you lost your money and why they should refund it - this may well be what you need. I for one have a copy of it, and I thank the author for his diligence. The ripoff report indicates quite clearly that the whole thing has been a scam, from the beginning, and from what I read, I'd say it is hard to disagree. <url>#comment_23 <url>… This is a very very disappointing campaign. I will be happy with a full refund right now. @Mark Kadlecek - Exactly. If they are not able to complete it, then at least we would have something and I am sure there are other people out there that could pick up the pieces. Why not Open Source the code and hardware specs that has been completed on GitHub or something like that, and ship all product to those that have committed. I would hope that it could be done. If nothing else, ship the products in stock that can be fulfilled (Zano Fuel, batteries, and cases). So looks like a well planned scam. Better hope I payed with my credit card. Disappointing for sure. It certainly puts the seeds of doubt in ones mind as to whether to back future projects. If this was a scam from the out set or just a disastrous failure it certainly reflects badly on kickstarter. I won't be backing anything else for while that's for sure. Hey where are all the die hard fans that where ready to die for Zano???? this review was already submitted on 17/01/2015!!! <url>#comment_23 @Wissel - Fano flies better than some other drones! I might back it.... I've taken my case up with my credit card company who seem quite willing to help. A disgraceful state of affairs and I just hope somehow the administrator can find out how much money is still there to return to investors. Let's hope Kickstarter learns from this and vets future projects thoroughly. This made me smile: <url>"press conference" then said 4 words. Wow. Hjj O well such is life £200 down the pan. With what's happening around the world, Paris for example. Being ripped off by TG seems to melt into insignificance Is TG in trouble or is the company already shut down and ZANO is dead? Here is a post from <url>"HI Guys i live 15 miles away from torquing group office in Pembroke dock, i have visited them twice in 2 days at about 4 pm, on both occasions the unit was empty and locked up. Post had been picked up and i was told that two staff members call in sometimes, i was also told that Reese has returned to Australia claiming family health problems. There is a large amount of stock inside but i could not see it so no real idea as to what is there, however i would rather a refund than a faulty zano. BBC Wales ran a report last night and it really does not look good, as we are kicksart backers we technically have not bought zanos but agreed to back them with the bonus of a zano when it is successful. I fear we will all be left with nothing." Sounds like if TG doesn't get it together they are going to have so many lawsuits against them they will never see the light of day again. They still don't have a app for IOS which is total BS. Reece get your shit together already, we got your company off the ground but you're working on putting it 6ft under @JEL well said. I agree that they have produced a product and have more hurdles than anticipated. I am willing to wait but agree they need to communicate. The pebble was way delayed and there were many angry backers and look at it today. TG- just make it right. This project is the 3rd most funded project ever on Kickstarter ever. If they(Torquing Group) do not respond to anything, this will be a very serious blow to Kickstarter. Still nothing from these people?!? @JEL I totally agree. Maybe let's give TG another week to respond to the crisis... I have been screwed over by a couple of creators recently, but I haven't seen anything from TG or Reece to indicate this is a scam. I've realized that backing technology KS projects carries a lot of risk, and from what I can tell, TG has done their best at trying to create a working product. Sure, it's likely they didn't have a working prototype of the Zano during the start of the campaign, but it looks like there are actual Zanos that have been mass produced - which apparently also need a lot of refining. I'm willing to cheer on TG as they rally from Ivan's resignation... But communication better step up over the next couple of weeks, otherwise, I'm joining this growing chorus of disgruntled backers. Anyway, all this to say that when I backed this project, I believed in their vision and wanted to support TG. That's still the case, but you now owe it to us to let us know what's going on - good news or bad, we are trying to keep you accountable. When a project is successfully funded, the creator must complete the project and fulfill each reward. Once a creator has done so, they’ve satisfied their obligation to their backers. Throughout the process, creators owe their backers a high standard of effort, honest communication, and a dedication to bringing the project to life. At the same time, backers must understand that when they back a project, they’re helping to create something new — not ordering something that already exists. There may be changes or delays, and there’s a chance something could happen that prevents the creator from being able to finish the project as promised. If a creator is unable to complete their project and fulfill rewards, they’ve failed to live up to the basic obligations of this agreement. To right this, they must make every reasonable effort to find another way of bringing the project to the best possible conclusion for backers. A creator in this position has only remedied the situation and met their obligations to backers if: •they post an update that explains what work has been done, how funds were used, and what prevents them from finishing the project as planned; •they work diligently and in good faith to bring the project to the best possible conclusion in a timeframe that’s communicated to backers; •they’re able to demonstrate that they’ve used funds appropriately and made every reasonable effort to complete the project as promised; •they’ve been honest, and have made no material misrepresentations in their communication to backers; and •they offer to return any remaining funds to backers who have not received their reward (in proportion to the amounts pledged), or else explain how those funds will be used to complete the project in some alternate form. The creator is solely responsible for fulfilling the promises made in their project. If they’re unable to satisfy the terms of this agreement, they may be subject to legal action by backers. Reward > Creator accountability When you back a project on Kickstarter you enter into an agreement with the project creator as described in our Terms of Use. This agreement requires creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill No more money, no more forum !!!!!! I've send a letter to KS support. Received an answer telling me to "encourage the creators in this difficult times". And they're "not responsible for anything, just take a 5% nominal fee" (as if it is not 178 000 $ on this project alone) Who Wants to Take Over the Forum? After thinking about it for a few days I've decided to take a step back from the Zano project. My views haven't changed but it's taking up too much of my time. So for this reason I'd like to pass this forum over to someone else. If anyone is interested in taking this over please get in contact. Initially this will involve setting you up as the administrator and re-registering the domain name to you. At a later date you will need web hosting, but I'm happy to leave the site hosted on my servers for the time being. Once this is done I will not be an admin any more and I don't want to be a mod either. I'll still keep my account but just as a regular poster. I started the forum as a way for all of us to still have access to Ivan and other Torquing staff. Now Ivan has left the company my primary reason has gone. So either someone else can take over or if no one wants to I'll have to close it. So, who wants a forum? Get in touch. David zanoforum.com @Nichols Martin, well said! Feel free to post in whatever language you wish... @ London Abroad : merci pour la traduction (je voulais l'écrire en Anglais, mais je pense que ce n'est pas utile) ;-) Sorry for my bad english but I can't express all my feelings in Shakespeare language and I think google translation is not very good for details. So I wrote in French and I'm sorry for those who don't understand this wonderful language. ;-) Sometimes I don't understand your message too ! I said this before, I will say it again. With this business model where backers get very limited upside or returns for so much risk they are asked to take, unless KS makes radical changes to give backers a lot more protection, there will be a widespread backer awakening and eventually they will take their money elsewhere where they have much better consumer rights, ie. retail which successful projects will have access to. I think unfortunately I've reached the point of being made a mug too many times by incompetent or in rare cases even dishonest creators and feel enough is enough! This is not to say all projects, creators are bad, on the contrary there are a lot of great ones but not knowing which ones are so at the very early point that you are charged and with inadequate creator vetting in my opinion by KS to reduce the frequency of the bad ones and almost zero protection for the backers if and when the project turns sour, I can't afford to see my hard-earned money to chase the dreams of so many incompetent creators anymore when their dreams turn into our nightmare far too frequently than what should be the case. Unless the model changes a lot more in favour of the backers, I'm out! Demand refund petition on Facebook !!!!! I hope we reach 12.000 backers !!! @Creator - your press release is not sufficient, you backers deserve and demand a more detailed explanation. KickStarter collected nearly $183000 in fees from this scam. Nice job! This user's account has been deleted. Even better take the money and delete the account - try it LMAO Refund request lodged with Zano. Complaint around communication lodged with Kickstarter. See where that goes before investigating and following legal avenues. @Mark Lennsen - I think I'd rather have my £200 returned and loose my worthless Kickstarter account, than the other way around... Refund me and delete away, I say! i do not care if KS is deleting my account ! They did not do anything , they do not even give a comment, nothing. The behaviour of KS is more than dissapointing here, for me it is criminal, as KS has as well responsibilities in this case. Backers got fooled and KS is doing nothing !!!! That´s the scandal ! Watch out with pulling back your money through the credit card company. I believe Kickstarter will delete your account (read that in backerhub on facebook). I am a "EARLY BIRD FIRST EDITION BLACK ZANO " backer. Early Bird, means before anyone else. First Edition, means even before everyone else, Black. I'm even a beta tester... Well, nothing received, no shipping notice, nothing. Well, thanks for the smoke story, neat idea, I guess just pure fraud all the way. Visa Dispute claim raised ! Very helpful the bank is !!! YOU ARE COVERED FOR DISPUTES UP TO 6 years and 1 Day in the Uk I would have waited but the non statement from torquing group was another bad decision and has tipped it for me. FYI all UK credit card disputes can be raised up to 6 years and 1 Day If Visa card Barclays try this form pdf Cardholder dispute form barclaycard what do you think, they try to take as much money as possible! Why is there web site still taking orders Again! Why is there no comment from KS ? I asked now , i think the 3rd time and KS seems to do nothing ! @KS: Do you think this makes you more trustable, if you do not say anything ? Obviously I could be very wrong but if TG were going to fully close & either do a runner or go into administration then that would not take this amount of time, they could do that within 24 hrs & we would have been made aware of this via FB or local news etc. I'm still holding out a hope that they are trying to sort things out behind closed doors, so all the backers & pre orders do not loose everything. Here's Hoping... @Holger Boerchers !! They ar not all speaking english,a little effort to understand, maybe !!! I am Belgian, and I speak and understand English,French, German, and ......also Dutch !!!!! So ! @Nicols What you are talking about? I don't understand a single word Rough translation @ nicholas martin's post - I admire your optimism. I think that we are victims of a swindle in fact. These guys are really dishonest or they noticed that their product could not be realised, I do not know, but I admit not to believe in it any more (I had doubts rather quickly moreover, because we never saw any video shooting since the drone was built. I am going to try to find ways to recover my money, more on the side of Kickstarter than of the swindler, but I have little hope. Beyond the money, it is especially the loss of confidence and trust of sites like KS that annoys me. But that is life as they say. Now what? Huh? This is a predominantly english forum... Babelfish before posting, or join B(w)anks in the field with the sheep... @ Nicolas Jamet J'admire ton optimisme. Je pense que nous sommes victimes d'une escroquerie en fait. Les gars sont-ils réellement malhonnêtes ou se sont-ils aperçu que leur produit ne pouvait pas être réalisé, je ne sais pas, mais j'avoue ne plus y croire (j'ai eu des doutes assez vite d'ailleurs, car on ne voyait jamais aucune prise de vue depuis le drone. Je vais essayer de trouver des pistes pour récupérer mon argent (plus du côté de Kickstarter que de l'escroc), mais j'ai très peu d'espoir. Au delà de l'argent, c'est surtout la perte de la confiance envers des sites type KS qui m'embête. C'est la vie (expression typique que nos amis anglophones doivent être capable de comprendre). � What is Kickstarters policy on Due Diligence on projects it invites people to back for a 5% handling fee ? - is there any correspondence between Kickstarter and TG that is available that shows how the funding was made available ?? Well, it might be a pipe dream, but I hope they can refocus and at least deliver a product even if there is a delay. Balogna! Scare them away? They have a responsibility here whether they are scared or not. And why don't they answer the question that everyone wants answered: Will we get working Zanos? TQ's "sadness" and searching for "how to best move forward" is useless drivel. Answer the real question? The irony: by not answering the question, they are really answering the question. I agree, lets not scare them away. it may not be much but it is something. While the update does not say much at all, please continue to communicate! Thanks. You have got to be kidding me. Don't you think you owe your backers more than a two sentence "Press Release". What is the status of our Zano's and how does this impact delivery. And now the forum is down :) Can anyone post me a copy (or a link) of the terms and conditions for this Project? I'm initiating a "chargeback" with Visa and they need to see the T&Cs I "accepted" for this project. I'm one of the gullible ones that believed the representation of "swarming" and hence ordered THREE Zanos. What about a comment from Kickstarter ? I think they are also responsible. TORQUING GROUP LTD Year End has just been changed from 30 November 2015 to 31 October 2015 The irony is that if someone with a legal background were to start a project to seek legal action against TG it would probably get suspended on grounds of lack of prototype or not upholding KS values but yet over $3mil have been lost to this project that didn't even have a prototype that met all the specs of its promo video. I feel the pinch with my measley $300 but what about all those who fell for the swarming gimmick and paid three or four times that much? It's high time people be held more accountable for their projects. And I honestly don't believe that Ivan should be let off the hook either. He was the smart one and chose not to fix deck chairs on the titanic. It was because of him and his reassurance that I kept my pledge so no I don't accept his "health reasons and irreconcilable differences". The whole lot bit off more than they could chew and we are left holding the bag. This is much akin to the housing stock market crash and if there is a bailout to be had to help the company, backers will not see one red cent of it. #bullocks 1. they are still in a state of shock 2. only the managing director was able to phrase to sentences 3. it's Friday and the pubs are open! 4. don't expect any news before monday after their hangover @Wissel The only statement at the moment. Can't they give an statement on whether they plan to continue or not? @CaffeineJunkie - I would imagine that would take all of about 2 seconds to spin. So maybe they are working on other options as well. 48 hrs for phrasing 2 little sentences - this TG is a kindergarden... "We are now considering the company's position on how best to move forward". That means they're going to see how they can spin Ivan's resignation in to the reason they can't deliver. This user's account has been deleted. That's taken 48 hours to produce? This is the official statement from Torquing that has been released today. It was sent to a BBC journalist and I've had this confirmed from a Torquing employee. This is the only statement that is coming out at this time. "Everyone at Torquing was saddened to receive Ivan Reedman's resignation on Tuesday 10th November 2015. We are now considering the company's position on how best to move forward" Philip Busby - Managing Director of Torquing Group @ Michael Banks: Here is something to keep you occupied while you wait for your drone... <url>" TOLD YOU SO.. I'm getting off this platform now, see you on facebook if at all...." But you still here. .. Well done Dribble dribble blah blah.... Ok.. I get off my soapbox now. Anyone else wanna have a crack ;). Now's the time... Thanks for the info, but.... It's the third that a backet, even on Indiegogo, and there is also Silence, silence and ....silence !! So the name, Elf Drone and Micro Drone, the same way of Zano!!! No further explanation needed a think. kind regards. "cheque is in the post" for refunds otherwise for those waiting the drones are being shipped... Guys... seriously... this thing is dead as disco... pointless throwing good energy after bad... cut your losses and move on knowing you have a lesson learned... mate, you making no sense.. why don't you carry on waiting for your drone.... remember in your experience.... "companies go really quite while they busy shipping..." Bla, bla, bla !!!!! One major question...... Where is the money !!!!!!!!! TG are UK based... Yes?? Its roots are in the UK... Yes?? Not fu#%# Australia.. ( so glad I'm a Kiwi ;) Since it is doubtful that money will ever be returned - a risk I was comfortable with - just offer to those that want them the assembled product. I would rather have the complete package - even if it does not work as expected than nothing at all! Probably one of our German engineers should finish the job... ;-) @Michael Banks, suppose we cant blame the Aussies for continuing along the path that they started out on... <url>"come on guys, give them a break" (probably paid for posts by TG) all I have to say is.. TOLD YOU SO.. I'm getting off this platform now, see you on facebook if at all.... Laters.... So as a backer of the failed Indiegogo Robot Dragonfly that officially threw the towel in this week, this has been a double whammy and their communication made this look good since they never produced anything to market. I know I am being way to optimistic but TQ did actually manufacture a product - albeit not what was promised. The test models did obstacle avoidance, etc and I think perhaps it was the mass production that tripped them up and wanted to get them out to all us backers that kept asking for them - me included. I am/was in this for the long haul and think the idea was great. Did they hedge their bet on the initial plan, probably - but the communication and feedback early on was so good that it was hard to believe it would not happen - perhaps they got caught up too. I am more sad that the project has stalled (since there has not been an official announcement yet). Reece, if you are even reading these comments any more, please update those that believed in the product you promoted. English? The company is Welsh, as are most of the directors apart from Ivan and Reece who are Australian. Made in England. What a disgrace Let's see if they got the balls to stand up like men & face the challenge ... or are they just going to sly away in defeat & hide under a rock.. a disgrace to their nation... Typical Poms ! Stand up ya spineless fu#*s... show some pride & get the job done I also was an advocate of this project, very much positive from the outset. Completely agree that a statement should have been released immediately after Ivan left. I, like many others, have now concluded that this project is dead in the water however even if it is, it would be nice to be told this officially!! If we have not heard anything by now then that's a pretty clear signal nothings coming. An immediate response would have been to issue an update here acknowledging Ivan's resignation and to say we are working out our options and we will update you next week - but not even that. They've not even said anything to the mainstream press whom have been attempting to get any kind of response out of them. Sad day, I was very pro this project, but it looks like its not recoverable. Our only hope is that they are on a 'team-building' week. Trying to figure out the next move and amaze us with a brilliant plan to make this all right again. Does this sound desperate? Sorry @Aidy And please let me add, @Aida, the lack of communication. At least @TG should have the guts to inform us about the situation. They should've been more honest with us, already when the first problems came up (i think it was August). They should've communicated their next steps and their plans to overcome the difficulties, even if this would have meant big delays. However, they haven't done this, and thus have pushed the limits to a "point of no return", where all their backers and pre-orders were upset and the situation escalated. And now they are not brave enough to take the consequences and are hiding somewhere. (Out side the UK as it seems. Since a lot of peapole rumor that Mr. Crowther has left the country [to Australia?].) This user's account has been deleted. The CEO resigned ...<url>£2 millions of sales and the fesses they get from this. If any single person on here gets any refund from TG or Kickstarter I'll get my own hat. I've reported this to Kickstarter since the project is uncommunicative I'll say this as I've said on the other backed project threads. Kickstarter has not stepped on a few projects this year to help out backers of pretty high priority funded campaigns and people should stop using them unless they get their act together and try to salvage their reputation. They are as silent as the project creators that have disappeared. It's disgraceful and a shame for such an amazing amount of potential to be lost. In reality, Kickstarter as an organization is no better than these bad projects they support. They are an incubator for fraud. @Lionel TG will claim bankruptcy so taking them to court is unless. The money has gone. Speaking with a commercial lawyer today and guidance on the matter was to use social media to inform the public of the situation, highlight how kickstarter handles the matter - social media pressure may get kickstarter to provide some form of reimbursement however there will be clauses in the T&Cs that will protect Kickstarter and any civil action will need to be taken against Torquing directly and this would be the best course of action and as a group filed in the courts in UK as the company is registered here. If enough people file for legal action a law firm may take a no-win no fee arrangement however this does not guarantee much refund of the money invested but at least makes a statement and brings to light the issues experienced on these type of projects through platforms such as kickstarter. think I'll use the refund from TG to back the <url>™ Good bye cash, easy come easy go as the say goes. I think the funding dried up from the investors after see the laughing joke that was the half finished product and then put limitations on Ivan so he ran back to Aussie. Kickstarter you are a bunch off ...... for not checking the working prototype was in place where this campaign was started. Egg and bacon Egg, sausage and bacon Egg and Spam Egg, bacon and Spam Egg, bacon, sausage and Spam Spam, bacon, sausage and Spam Spam, egg, Spam, Spam, bacon and Spam Spam, Spam, Spam, egg and Spam Spam, Spam, Spam, Spam, Spam, Spam, baked beans, Spam, Spam, Spam and Spam Lobster Thermidor aux crevettes with a Mornay sauce, garnished with truffle pâté, brandy and a fried egg on top, and Spam. Sorry I meant scam not spam, lol. Personally I feel that the guys who pre-ordered after the Kickstarter are the most hard done by. We all (should) understand the risks with a KS project. Shit happens. Some projects fail, but that is the inherent risk of the platform. Pre-ordering outside the KS should be a sure thing. For the record I was a KS backer. I think everybody who has potentially lost money on the KS should just stop whinging. This was not a scam, it was just a project that didn't work out. Move on. Also on a human level, I definitely feel for Ivan and the other guys behind the project. I do genuinely believe that they have worked hard on this project, had real belief in what they were doing and absolutely never had any intention of deliberately ripping people off. Trying to make any business work is tough. A business at the sharp end of what is technologically possible is even tougher. The rewards may be great if it works but the risks are high. "Tech Start-up Fails" is hardly a shocking headline. Good luck to Ivan and everyone else involved. Thanks for letting us believe for a while. Hope it works out better next time. I wonder where Snakeoil Reece slithered off to? I also sent a ticket to Kickstarter. Also informed them that I will be looking at all levels of recourse to get my money back. It may be futile, but if nothing else it will give me some satisfaction...unlike the Zano. As Federico suggested, I sent a support ticket to Kickstarter. May be it is useless but in the meantime I hope they receive 10,000 requests for support. @Shane Brewer - what makes you think they've got the money to send anything anywhere? Dear Zano, Please send me my drone. I don't care if it works at all. I will use it as a paperweight on my desk to always remind me to avoid Kickstarter. Sincerely, You Suck No Way will we still get the product ? IF we really get the product ....will it really able to do what they promised ? @Holger - sorry my phone disagreed with how to spell your name :( @Holgate Boerchers (and anyone else) go to the unofficial zano website at www.zanoforum.com Fredrico, what a great idea. All 12,075 Zano backers should write to KS immediately and demand a refund. Oh well! Backing a startup project was always a risk. And, the promises made were in my opinion optimistic. Shame I don't have a lovely mini-drone, but that's another lesson learnt This user's account has been deleted. @all Please report to Kickstarter. On the main page of this campain you'll find the link "report to Kickstarter" This user's account has been deleted. @sean - thanks for a link of FB group. Will join it. I am sure that KS has a joint responsibility for Zano and I will be more than happy to share some thoughts from the legal point of view on this. @Andy Howell. Did you claim against plugaway or Kickstarter? @Sean Reece is hopefully a good runner - he has to be one if he ever meets us backers personally... So that's it? The ZANO story is over i guess. What a hoax! Hope to look into Ivan's and Reece's eyes sometime... Did this Aussie Reece do a runner? @Sean Armbrust I'm very interested in joining the group, but i don't use facebook, All kinds of social media platforms but never again facebook. Is there an alternative? Here is the link to the facebook group where we are coming together for possible legal action against TG and KS: <url>"Projects that involve the development of physical products must feature explicit demos of working prototypes. While you can run a project focused on the creation of a prototype, you can't offer the product that is under development as a reward." from the same page @Rupert - fair points but...Provide a realistic sense of where the project stands — including what’s been accomplished so far, and what work remains to be done. - In my opinion this was misrepresented as being almost ready for production in the pitch video (i.e. it worked...) <url>— it explains the relationship between creators and backers of Kickstarter projects, and who’s responsible for what. This is what you’re agreeing to when you create or back a Kickstarter project. Kickstarter provides a funding platform for creative projects. When a creator posts a project on Kickstarter, they’re inviting other people to form a contract with them. Anyone who backs a project is accepting the creator’s offer, and forming that contract. Kickstarter is not a part of this contract — the contract is a direct legal agreement between creators and their backers. Here are the terms that govern that agreement: When a project is successfully funded, the creator must complete the project and fulfill each reward. Once a creator has done so, they’ve satisfied their obligation to their backers. Throughout the process, creators owe their backers a high standard of effort, honest communication, and a dedication to bringing the project to life. At the same time, backers must understand that when they back a project, they’re helping to create something new — not ordering something that already exists. There may be changes or delays, and there’s a chance something could happen that prevents the creator from being able to finish the project as promised. If a creator is unable to complete their project and fulfill rewards, they’ve failed to live up to the basic obligations of this agreement. To right this, they must make every reasonable effort to find another way of bringing the project to the best possible conclusion for backers. A creator in this position has only remedied the situation and met their obligations to backers if: they post an update that explains what work has been done, how funds were used, and what prevents them from finishing the project as planned; they work diligently and in good faith to bring the project to the best possible conclusion in a timeframe that’s communicated to backers; they’re able to demonstrate that they’ve used funds appropriately and made every reasonable effort to complete the project as promised; they’ve been honest, and have made no material misrepresentations in their communication to backers; and they offer to return any remaining funds to backers who have not received their reward (in proportion to the amounts pledged), or else explain how those funds will be used to complete the project in some alternate form. The creator is solely responsible for fulfilling the promises made in their project. If they’re unable to satisfy the terms of this agreement, they may be subject to legal action by backers. Long time user of KS, between this and the Cobblebot fiasco, never again, KS you've lost a loyal customer, you did not do due diligence on the pitch video (again)... Anyone see the news? <url>"never kickstarting again" I would say don't be too hasty. I've backed a number of projects and this is the only one I haven't received, and only one of the others has been late. So don't quit on the model, just be selective. I will be posting this until i get my money back! I will be posting this until i get my money back! Pls refund my money! Community forums are down "Due to a network hardware failure, we are restoring critical systems first. The forum will be restored as soon as possible." <url>"fell" for the original video which didn't make it clear that this wasn't a working prototype in the same way as a lot of people on this forum. It looks like we're not going to be delivered the Zano we were promised (and maybe will never see the exact version in the presentation) Is there a group that are going to contact Torquing Group and start the ball rolling on getting refunds? torquinggroup.com The Torquing Group website is under construction. It says Kickstarter on my bank statement... not TG, I was buying a service from Kickstater which was not fit for purpose... or not as per the description of the service I was buying... Well I never thought I'd say this but I agree 100% with @Capella Properties. For sure individuals should do their own due diligence - but so should Kickstarter and it seems pretty clear to me that there was no working prototype, only an aspiration. I think that the KS promo was very misleading on that - especially as it was one of their staff picks. Unfortunately this was my first Kickstarter experience, I swallowed all the hype, videos and comments made by TG, and because I wanted "swarming" I ordered THREE ZANOs - almost £700 (OUCH) - now this a a first lesson I won't forget too soon. I'm too embarrassed to tell my family I've wasted £700. New BBC article: <url>"consultancy and investment" within filings at Companies House As I said before two day's,it's the same on Indiegogo, not with Zano, but with the Elf Drone. Silence, silence,silence. With the head of R&D having left the building never to return where the hell does that leave us as investors? F*cked and dumped out in the cold with nothing. Reece says they will release a statement in the next 48 hours - surprising since they haven't said anything since October as they have been hiding behind a wall of silence! Let's see what marketing sppin he can put on that! If they have sent out 600 zano's from the 12000 sold then I wonder how many were actually sent to KS backers and how many were from pre-order customers. It would appear that the majority of the £2.3 million raised will have not been turned into zanos and the product that has been released does not do what the kickstarter promo promised and I might add their website still promises. This whole project really does smell of an elaborate fraud ! I, and I am sure many other backers, believed that there were zano prototypes that were flying and that the follow me process worked and it was only a matter of raising the extra money needed to refine the software and scale up production facilities. The backers of this KS project have been treated with total disrespect and their support has been matched by a wall of silence. Kickstarter MUST respond on this issue as I for one will not support any more projects as I am not made of money and will not be a line of credit for fraudsters and ill prepared dreamers. @Ben: Thanks for the info. No more update anymore once he left? Resignation at a time like this is a very very bad sign. He could have taken a long sick leave, the company should approve it to avoid further negative impact to the project, Torquing should not expect backers to be naive enough to take Ivan's final comment on the project as no one will say any bad thing about their previous employment/project unless he does not expect to stay in the business in the future. Torquing knows it could be the last straw that breaks the camel's back but it still let Ivan go, If Torquing still remaining silence, it means Torquing has no intention to finish Zano. We should prepare a class action as soon as possible before Torquing shifting it's assets to related entity or individuals before declaring bankruptcy. My hope is Torquing will produce/ship the remaining hardware to backers and put the software coding to open source for us to finish in exchange of not suing them. It is not likely to happen as they will lost all their R&D investment/efforts and future profitability if Zano finally works. Who is in charge of the project now when Ivan is gone? Ivan has resigned?? flying to the Bahama's i think (in a zano?), with our money? kickstarter sucks, i think 50% of my kickstarter invest is down wasted! Herman the Indiegogo campaign was not set up by Torquing Group, it was a fake project set up to look like it was made by the same creators. So it was taken down quite quickly. Did i understand right, that they started the same on Indiegogo ? If yes, can anybody sent a link to this project ? Thanks Looks like, that this is becoming a big, big fake ! I expect from Kickstarter a solid process to get my money back. Otherwise this is fraud. Looks like it is all falling apart... This user's account has been deleted. I've been flicking through the comments, this is the first comment I have posted, has anyone received a zano and had it working with an app? Well Ivan's resignation confirms - never use Kickstarter again! @ukpetey looks like he is on the race track :-) Should you have forgotten what Reece looks like, remind yourself now... <url>#p656 if i watched Ivan Reedman i always thought, where did they get that guy......but it looks like he smarter then we think...right. we are only talking about 2.3 million! Its the same with many Kickstarters today, big dreams but little result! It was already posted somewhere that the one on indiegogo was a fake iirc. Well, it's the same on Indiegogo ! No more up-date's and silence !! So, crownfunding be coms a bad name !!! And, it's the same on Indiegogo !!! No more up date's, and silence all the way !!!!! And this for the Elf drone. So, crowfunding is now a bad dream,and becoming also a bad name !!!! To bringing on court, it's a matter for the media,to make it clear !!! This user's account has been deleted. any news would be cool, but it seems they prefer the no news policy ;-) Delivery of lighter plastics are set for 2nd of november. Did they arrive? Are more Zanos send now? Any news would be cool. Yes i Want mg Money back. This people playing with Our Trust and still have the guts to do the same thing in indiegogo. Let's unite and bring this to court So who is heading the class action lawsuit? I want some money back When a company begins shipping they tend to go quiet... Seems the norm with KSrs. Just hope they get the Apple app up soon & add the functionality as described @Doug I don't disagree. I think what is happening though is that the legislative bodies are becoming a lot more aware of failed crowd funded projects, and they are looking to find ways to take action, so I do think it is inevitable that there will be some changes in how these things work to provide more protection for pledgers... but time will tell... <url>…. Please inform us about next steps. br. Christoffe @ Doug Conran & At anyone who feels the need to start spilling their theories about the Risks of backing a kickstarter project, from now on, I am simply going to paste what has been said before..... a couple of times... @ Aleoni: If you read through some of the comments, you will quickly realise, that I think most of the backers here understand the point you are making. What you seemed to have missed is the point that the disgruntled backers are making about the misrepresentation of the product in the initial pitch... Yes of course there is risk in backing a kickstarter, but when the information that the "startup" gives in the pitch is incorrect/fraudulent, then I would expect either: 1. Getting our money back... or 2. A right of recourse against kickstarter for failing to validate the project based on their own rules... The initial videos were clearly an excellent marketing piece portraying a "prototype" that actually did no exist... In the first place, all of us here are so call beta tester but the truth is the pre-orders are getting their 1st because they need the money to get them money. So you think they have money to refund you, I do not think have. What I think is they will just ship the zano even they cant fly.. this is what they told me, Hello Henry, Thank you for your reply, You are a backer so you are on the list. You have ordered a black ZANO so you will see from the shipping schedule that you will have your reward shipped before Christmas. Kind regards Anna TEAM ZANO This is what they reply to me when I ask about why are they sending to pre-order 1st Hello Henry, I appreciate the frustration but it was decided to ship the preorders alongside the kickstarter orders. We had to make a business decision on how we were going to ship our orders and shipping both alongside each other was the answer we cam up with. Whether this was right or wrong is now irrelevant if it has caused your frustration or offence then we are sorry but this was not the result we were looking for. We are trying to get as many orders out as we fast as we could and at that time were shipping be region and so to avid further delays this was the why we reached that,. Regards Anna I see all of the comments but really can't add anything since mine hasn't arrived yet. Hopefully I will see it before Christmas You guys should stop posting comments on here as they are clearly not giving any response on purpose. Something really bad has happened and they are of course unable to handle it, and I guess they are trying to wait till the last possible minute (maybe for a miracle?) before announcing what would probably already mean that the project has failed for whatever reason and it is not possible to go back or, of course, refund anyone. My suggestion to you all is that you prepare for the worse: you will probably never get this drone. And maybe? Maybe 2 years later some surprise may arrive at your door but better to not count on it anymore. You're not getting anything from posting angry comments on here and there's really nothing else you can do. For your own mental health, consider this project failed and move on. To Team Zano, I am just one of the many disgruntled and angry backers of the Zano drone. I believe many of us are just angry not because no drones are sent out/drones are sent out late but rather, simply due to the lack of updates. I have backed many projects on KS with almost exclusively to being playing cards. This is my first tech backing. Firstly, I believe the start of a huge backlash came about when you guys first came up with preorders before the backed Zanos were produced. In what economic sense did you guys believe that adding more orders would assist you in any way. The number of backers on KS had way gone above your expected sales and you would add more sales for what purpose? I believe you would understand the term growing too big too fast? As projects get bigger things get way more complicated. Secondly, I believe your expectations on fulfillment is simply bogus. Its understandable that certain processes would have delays but please do not give us backers false updates where both you and the backers know that you would not be able to commit to. Lastly, I believe what is really needed for you guys to regain some of the backer's confidence is simply updates. An update need not be some life changing notice, it could just be a sign that you guys are still working hard on your project and aim to fulfill your backers. A regained confidence does not happen just because - you actually have to work for it. I really wish to have some confidence in Zano again, I really do but it would have to start from you guys and not the backers end - we have already done our part by having faith in your start-up. Still alive? Never backer anymore !!!!!! 15 months from backing to your latest shipping estimate? I hope you are offering some added accessories/upgrades for our patience! Please read my message. Thank you need a reply soon Anyway, back to business. Reece Crowther - where are you mate? TG Marketing Director, Goalkeeper, Shareholder of TG and conspicuous by your absence - come on fella, you've had a lot to say in the past, this is your moment to shine... Should you have forgotten what Reece looks like, remind yourself now... <url>é en noir pour espérer l'avoir avant noël.... Pour ce qui est de la qualité de la caméra c'est vraiment pourquoi j'ai sélectionné ce projet au départ car sur un si petit drone je recherchais cela depuis longtemps ! Il est vrai que l'autonomie me stress moins car avec 4 batterie et leur full machin je pense que ça me suffira. Mais je suis aussi iPhone donc si l'appli sort pas faudra utiliser mon vieux Samsung. Le pire dans tout cela c'est aussi les promesses de développement futur style la portée à plus de 1000m, etc faite avec les bêta testeur. Je suis bêta testeur et je n'ai reçu qu'un seul mail depuis mai!!!! Cherchez l'erreur ! Je vais retourner faire un tour sur le forum qui a fermé plusieurs semaines et est enfin réouvert mais sans l'historique dès messages..... Au plaisir d'échanger avec toi. @Derek Morton - that's the financial return I was referring to. @Doug it's not like shares in a company since they can also increase, unlike what's going on here. I do however get what your saying. @Simon Chapple - thank you for your comment of 20 minutes ago, but I disagree with your one of 8 hours ago regarding new legislation. Kickstarter is an investors club and pledging for a campaign is just like buying shares in a start up company - you may get lucky, you may not. The only difference between the 2 is that when buying shares you are, typically, expecting some sort of financial return whereas on KS you are expecting a product. There is no way you would get your money back if you bought shares in a company that ultimately didn't perform, that's why you are always seeing the 'shares can go down as well as up' warning. I don't believe that it will ever be any different on Kisckstarter or any other crowdfunding site. Having said that, I think that there is a clear case that Kickstarter could carry out better due diligence on prospective projects and they might wish to do that for reputational reasons. But, ultimately, it is 'Buyer Beware'. @Doug Conran exactimundo! KS is about spawning new things and being part of the process. If you want to have a finished product you should wait till after the KS has happened, its been reviewed, and you then know exactly what you'll be getting. @Darkmax, It's Ivan who is answering on the forum who is the Director of Research & Development & he is not the major shareholder in the company & Robin(so I believe but I could be proved wrong) , the other Directors including from Marketing etc who are the majoirty shareholders have gone silent. As to why they won't answer questions on here/forum or any of the FB pages your guess is as good as mine. FYI Ivan is ill at home as he has not had a break in over a year, however he is still answering & assisting his team(including Robin) via email & they are working their socks off to keep upgrading the software etc. They have just updated the calibration app "ZanoFinetuning" to v.10 & it is being tested again by the beta users & that has improved its reliability for myself for setting up the Zano in the last 7 days,this is meant to work along side the r59 firmware which will be released for testing by the beta group before going on general release as normal. When they release that & the weather improves I will try it out & let people know how it goes, hopefully some of the other beta testers will also do the same. If you check out Wissel's forum you can read all the updates & questions there. I hope that helps some? Maybe this was already answered but I don't know why if the staff of zano are answering questions on the unofficial forum of zano, why they answer questions here on kickstarter comments, or post an update? +1 Doug Conran To those of you who say you're never going to back another Kickstarter project, you are probably in the wrong place to start with. Kickstarter is a community of people prepared to take a gamble in order to help developers develop something and, if they are lucky, to get something at a knock down price. But guys, it's a gamble, some you win, some you lose. Some projects give you what you want when you want it. Most get delayed for some reason or other, some by years. Some don't make it to the finishing line at all. One or two (but only one or to and Zano is not amongst their number - @Creative Apparel) are scams. If you don't understand the risks involved or are not prepared to accept them, don't pledge for something, wait until it hits the shops. You'll get what you want but you won't be a part of a community and you won't have helped bring something to life. And this to @Creative Apparel - you are a moron, you appear to treat kickstarter like a market place, expecting everything to exactly as described - and when it doesn't meet your notions of what is acceptable you act like a spoilt child throwing a tantrum - What a plonker as 'Del Boy' would say! I'm just wondering how much damage is been down to other potential kickstarter projects i don't think i will ever be kickstarting another project in a hurry Once Bitten, twice shy... @Richard Duncum @Gizmo I have also sent a message to kickstarter. It's completely disrespectful behaviour for everyone here that want to stay in touch with the project and have a nice chat about it and I can not imagine how the creators must feel reading this! It's unexceptionable! @Creative your comments are wholly unacceptable. Don't vent your frustration in that way here and certainly don't threaten people - it will be taken very seriously. I think that there is a general move in legislation that will have an impact on future Kickstarters. Enough KS have gone badly wrong now. In the UK, just in October the new Consumer Rights Acts 2015 came into effect. This means even digital content has to be of "satisfactory quality" and that includes downloadable music and software applications (software companies have been getting away for years with non-warrantable use clauses). Software should not for example contain even "minor defects". Any such defects need to get fixed by the provider. Of course a lot of this is new legal ground, a bit vague in places and open to interpretation, and not yet tested in the courts, but it does give consumers much stronger rights than historically over all things digital, software and hardware. How that relates to Kickstarter "pledges" is unclear, but I expect the onus will increase on KS product launches to deliver and to deliver well, or else a refund will be due... @Gizmo I have done the same, no one has any right to act like that. I'm sure that threatening the creators will encourage them to engage more with their backers alright. Good one CA. @Creative Apparel Your threatening comment is both abusive & childish & any sane adult will find it to be completely unacceptable!. I have filed a report to Kickstarter for them to remove your comment & deal appropriately with you. @Nicolas Jamet (Désolé pour la réponse tardive). Non, je ne l'ai pas reçu, mais quand je lis les commentaires et que je vois la communication des concepteurs, je me dis que la possibilité d'une arnaque n'est pas très éloignée : on présente, de belle manière, un produit très intéressant, on récolte une somme très importante (on parle de plus de 3 millions d'euros quand même) On balade un peu les "investisseurs" et on disparait. A ce titre je pense que Kickstarter offre une vitrine extraordinaire à ce genre d'arnaque. Je ne me plains pas du délai, c'est le principe même de Kickstarter, mais je trouve que ce projet commence à sentir mauvais. Et même si cela se fait, on parle d'autonomie ridicule, de définition de caméra pas terrible, de bruit important des propulseurs, d'une application iOS qui ne se fera peut-être pas, d'un appareil très fragile, bref on semble être loin de la description du départ. A ce titre on peut demander un remboursement (notamment en ce qui concerne l'appli iOS, car cela ne respecte pas la promesse et peut empêcher d'utiliser l'appareil). Néanmoins je continue à y croire. Au plaisir de te lire, ça fait du bien de pouvoir écrire en français au sujet de ce projet ! ;-) @JD, As far as i know, the issue simply was they hadn't received any boards with the correct components for sending to the US, not that they had to actually redesign/solve issues preventing them from shipping to the US. As to if they have any yet, i haven't seen. There may be something on wissels forums. Looking back it seems that an update has been posted about every 30 days or so on average. It has been about 20 since the last one, as has been said here, backing is not purchasing, Kickstarter products do frequently ship late (much later than this) I'll wait quietly and see what happens, I'm not really worried thou It would be nice to see more frequent updates. Remember, you did not Purchase a product here, you backed a startup. I have attempted to contact my credit card company to file a claim but it has been more than 60 days since the purchase and they would not honor a claim to refund my purchase price. I guess at this point I can only wait to see if one ever gets shipped to me in the US..it is nice to see Ivan is still around but what the heck happened to Reece that guy just disappeared...so disappointing... Does anyone know if they resolved the board issued that was preventing them from shipping to the US? And also the newsletter that was mentioned in the last update, did anyone ever receive this so called newsletter? @Wissel - I would find it hard to imagine that with £2.3m banked from KS they should be short of cash. Don't know about individuals getting refunds - but if you buy something online various distance selling rules apply in the UK, although I don't know what specific Ts&Cs were for those making preorders. If you buy via a credit card company you'd have recourse through them cos Zano is above the normal £100 threshold - don't know if PayPal offers the same protection. Debit cards don't. I would think TG should do all they can to keep their customers on their side though... @Simon - I think you've hit the nail on the head regarding fulfilling their legal obligations. The trouble is, under UK law, pre-order customers are entitled to a refund and by not giving them a refund Torquing are breaking the law. So they are either unwilling to give a refund (illegal) or unable to give a refund. If they are unable wouldn't that make them insolvent? If it does then trading whilst insolvent is also illegal in the UK I believe. Or am I missing something again? Well said @Simon @Wissel,@Patrick,@Gizmo - basically I agree with you all. Any company has to take certain actions in order to protect itself so that it can fulfill its legal obligations etc, and frankly in this case maintain sufficient funds so they can overcome the extended development time, and "mistakes" such as having to re-buy a huge quantity of bigger propellors. I agree that the main problem for us backers is the lack of communication from TG, regards where they are and where they think they can _realistically_ be at some point further down the line. But I also know they are working flat out to resolve the issues, and they'll still have a lot of unknowns - I would suspect they are shy of saying anything because they haven't met previous expectations they have set... Personally, I would still prefer them to perfect the product as much as possible prior to shipping it to me. The extra delay I can live with. But what I'd like for an early Christmas present - and I think the other backers - is clear comms and a regular KS update every two weeks, so we can see that progress is being made even if you have to say "sorry folks, not much to report at this time" - come on guys! [@TG/@Reece/@Ivan] !! Kickstarter needs to manage people expectations on these ventures then if it's a fund and "maybe" you get something in return. I know for my 350$, I want a Zano or my money back. Anything else isn't going to cut it. With all the backlash from this project, TG will never make another product. They also don't appear to be hiring anyone to expedite the assembling/shipping aspect of this. @Patrick - I hadn't considered that. Sounds very plausible as well as we don't know how much is tied up in PayPal. Could be a huge amount if PayPal have held funds since they stared pre-orders. @Simon: I also don think think its a scam. I know that Tech projects are always likely to have delays. I don't mind that. I backed several project which are already delayed. That's common if you develop something new. The Dash for example is nearly 2 years late, but the difference is that the creator has an excellent communication. Even if there are bad news, they communicate them, the present a solution or at least the way they are going to explore the problem, and thus keep the backers involved. I'm pretty sure that a lot of ZANO backers in here would be much more relaxed if @TG would communicate properly. But shutting down the forum and not answering any questions doesn't help to improve the mood in this comment section here. They should be honst and say "Hey guys you know we have a problem (place problem here), we are currently into (place solution here). We cannot guarantee the delivery before xmas, but we are doing our best to deliver you an awesome product. Stay tunes for our next update where we go into detail of the possible options we have to solve the current (place problem here) issues." Everybody on Kickstarter should know that investing money is always some risk. But KS is also about bein gpart of the journey, the ups and downs, highs and lows. And most people would be more confident in receiving something if they would know whats currently going on. However, if TG decides not to communicate, we cannot be part of this journey. And this leaves a lot of room for speculation, if you know what i mean. @Wissel I think its not about "cannot afford to refund 200GBP". Its more about, if they refund one guy with 200GBP than others will follow and this will lead to a domino effect and 200 GBP turn into hundreds of thousands of GBP. And the resul would be, nobody will ever receive a ZANO. I currently believe TG will deliver. Its just a matter of time. We need to be patient (well, we cant do anything else). And maybe next year we will see ZANO. I'm fine with that, but I want TG to be honest, communicate and don't hide. Communicating bad news is hard and will lead to bad comments and unhappy backers, but it is necessary. We as backer put our trust in TG and deserve to be treated with respect and honsest. Just my two cents. @Simon Chapple, I personally agree with you that this is not a scam. I do have my Zano & no currently it does not fly well, however Ivan is in contact daily on Wissel's forum & is attempting to fix bugs that beta testers come across, this will take time to make it right as this is a sensor heavy drone that appears at time to be in conflict with itself. With the latest update of r57 it is much more stable on lift off but there is still work to be done which Ivan & Robin are acutely aware off. If you want a scam look no further than "Ownphones" which achieved 300% more funds than they asked for & unfortunatley I & thousands of others have just been badly burned as the creator has not delivered anything & has allegedly run out of money, I've lost $239 but thats the risk you take. That does not mean I am happy about this loss, but it does put this campaign in context. I would urge people to join or view the forum as there is always news & help available there on technical issues. @Simon - If they can't afford to refund a guy £200 how are they going to send out 2400 Zano's next week? I mean maybe this is a separate fund, I don't know, but I don't think it looks likely that time will help if they are already out of funds. I really hope this isn't the case though. I am a long term backer. Clearly Torquing's communication has been seriously lacking at various points and particularly over the last month or so. I can perfectly understand other's frustration - heck, I backed for four Zanos and haven't received anything yet, but... I am still of the opinion that Zano can come good, ...but its clearly going to take some more time. Its really not unusual for complex KS projects to be late - I've backed near 80 projects and nearly all those attempting something technically new or sophisticated ship late (and much later than Zano in many cases) or with less features. The Cyphy drone I backed on here has had to completely reassess its timeline, but the vast majority of the backers are keeping the faith. Calling it a scam doesn't seem fair to me, Zano does exist - currently it doesn't fly very well. I guess we'll have to wait and see just how much of that is really a hardware versus software issue... If you want to see a really bad KS example then take a look at IMMERSIS, which I backed and which is unlikely to deliver anything at all given the current situation (company battling insolvency seemingly having had a pre-existing debt issue) - now that is definitely verging on a "scam". Yesterday I spoke about a guy on Facebook (pre-order) that was told by Torquing to contact PayPal to get his refund as PayPal haven't released the money to Torquing. Well today he has heard back from PayPal who say there is nothing they can do about getting his money back as it's been more than 180 days. This is going to be Kickstarter biggest scam. Just shed a tear while watching the KS Promo video and seeing all the promised features... Don't let us down @TG. You can also e-mail us at <email> or contact our Customer Services team by telephone on 0845 643 4610 or by post to Torquing Robotics Limited, Pembrokeshire Science and Technology Park, Pembroke Dock, Pembrokeshire, SA72 6UN. Is there anyone among us backers who could visit the TG guys in the UK and report to us? @Rick Yes, the radio silence speaks volumes. Interesting, and perhaps it's been like this for awhile, but you can't even order the Zano from their website anymore. First production run fully allocated....pretty easy to do when Zano doesn't work. I've tried to be hopeful, after all I've been a design engineer and also ran large projects...being late isn't unheard of, but you NEVER go radio silent on your customers and worse your backers. You only breed contempt. S'funny but just look to the right of this page. You're asked to be "respectful and considerate". Isn't that all we want from TG? The longer they are silent the worse it gets. I'm fairly certain I'll get something at some point, but I have no confidence it will ever be anything like they "sold" us in their campaign. Like many...last crowdfunded project I'll ever be a part of (this isn't my first by a long shot), unless there is way more protection for the backers. guys.. remember the "stolen laptop" excuse during CES? oh man, just thinking back on it makes me chuckle. In the UK we have something called the trades discription act.. I would say the advertising discription on here indicated they had a fully operational device not one needing much more development. The pictures where fake that the point What happened to the party the organised after the campaign????? @Shane let's wait and see!!! No one is going to get a medal for guessing it right or wrong,,, let's not put ideas in their head that we are ready for failure because we are not. They must try to get this right. Sorry, but when you are the 3rd highest grossing tech project on KS we deserve A LOT better than this!! @Shane even though I wish I was not the way, but I guess you are right. This is what we have to be prepared for and this is what can happen when you invest in KS. It's just giving venture capital with the risk of losing it. So my guess is that they have learned that there design won't work and likely never will work. They have spent nearly all of their money on faulty components and can't deliver when they promised. So they are likely spending most of their time with their lawyers trying to figure out their liability and determine how best to escape this mess. Our next update will be "We are sorry to report that due to production limitations the Zano is no longer in production. We apologize and would like to refund your money but have spent it all. We are working on ways to make good on our promises to you, our loyal backers and will let you know what we come up with ASAP." This announcement will be followed by months and months of silence until everyone has moved on. I have a £20 Husban drone that I fly and frequently crash. I pledged for Zano in the hope of them producing a drone that quote "flies itself" apparently the Zano does straight into what ever is near to it. Since I already have a drone that can do this I am tempted once my Zano arrives just returning it unopened so it can't be damaged. It appears Torquing are not updating us anylonger I was mailing 5 day's ago to KS, for further explanation !!! NO answer at all, silence there also !!! @ Aleoni: If you read through some of the comments, you will quickly realise, that I think most of the backers here understand the point you are making. What you seemed to have missed is the point that the disgruntled backers are making about the misrepresentation of the product in the initial pitch... Yes of course there is risk in backing a kickstarter, but when the information that the "startup" gives in the pitch is incorrect/fraudulent, then I would expect either: 1. Getting our money back... or 2. A right of recourse against kickstarter for failing to validate the project based on their own rules... The initial videos were clearly an excellent marketing piece portraying a "prototype" that actually did no exist... So they don't actually have any money? Just a bunch of small drones which don't work very well? No wonder they have nothing say to us! There's a pre-order guy on Facebook that's been trying to get his money back for a few weeks now. He's just posted an email sent to him from Torquing. This is an exert: "If you have the option of contacting Paypal and asking for a refund then I would follow that option. We have an issue that Paypal are holding all the monies for the orders collected until the orders are shipped. So if you are happy to contact Paypal to ask for your money back then they are currently the ones holding it." I guess this is why they were sending out to pre-orders? Come on guys, this is not a hardware issue: <url>" we are really sorry but right now we have to stop the production because we have noticed that the Zano doesn't work as we promised we are really sorry and we'll keep everybody in touch as soon as we know more " this is what I want to hear right now from TG . In the meantime I am waiting for newsletter if it's possible and if somebody has one Zano that lift off with no issue please post a video thanks This resembles some of the Zano flight videos... <url>"But since they are camp we can't find them" LOL perfect @ All take a look. <url>"rules" only attempt to limit their liability after they pocket 15% of the funds. But the consumer and investment laws of the U.S., and I hope other countries, are catching up and starting to define the obligations of all parties involved in crowdfunding. There is a really simple solution to all these problems and that is for Torquing Group to post SOME UPDATE any UPDATE, just post anything right now. I can only assume that at this point things have gone pretty bad if they haven't posted anything for son long. To all those referencing Kickstarter. News Flash - KS does not care. So long as they get a piece of the action ($$) its all good. All different countries and different laws keeps these, KS, guys one trick pony going. TG, LTD is to blame for lack of updates and failure to deliver. KS is too blame for running a "three card monty" system. Hey guys, just wanted to let you know that we got the plastics in and 200 units shipped out today! Looks like we're on track to get 1000 shipped out this week....No, backers didn't actually get that update today. I can only assume it's because it either didn't happen or they don't give a sh•t. I'm guessing it's both. May i know still alive? So when you posted something in a factual way earlier you didn't actually know the facts. Figures. Where are you Torquing Group? Have you lost your ability to communicate? After all, we are the folks that funded you to the tune of more than $3,600,000 Please do some research using Google search. For example: <url>"specifications" and "risks" in the campaign material IMO are vague at best and likely misleading (e.g. no mention of software development), . And I repeat, Consumer Laws and Regulations of the country the backer resides in supersede KS rules. Okay, so when you said "TG agreed to KS rules (which includes satisfying backer obligations first)" you were incorrect. This is not part of the KS rules? If it is then please show me where, you seem to know. You're making a pointless argument. 1) They DID post "Risks" in their project in fact part of it specifically says "Our component suppliers often need to order the raw materials to manufacture their components 12 months in advance," so anyone that read this must have questioned how they would make a June delivery. They then go on to cover themselves in case of a delay by saying "However, there is always a risk involved with large volume component supply, we thought we had better mention it! The risk isn’t if you will get it, it is simply when you will get it, if any supply issues arise! (We are working hard to ensure they do not!)" 2) They are still in the process of fulfilling orders - their last post on the subject was very clear that at the moment all black Zanos are due to be shipped by mid December. If I haven't received mine by then, that's when I'll start complaining. You're telling me I don't know the facts but nothing you've said to me in your posts has suggested that Zano backers have any chance of a refund or a class action lawsuit at this point of the project as TG are still in the fulfillment stage of a product that is being upgraded. @lostintallaght - You missed a lot. The actual T&C states the campaign must specify any "Risks" in the campaign material; must make an effort to fulfill backers funding; and other rules that IMO TG failed to meet. And regardless of the T&C, Consumer Laws and Regulations would supersede those conditions. Rather then debate this further, just do a Google search on "Kickstarter class action" and you will see what the facts are. And most of those actions were filed in 2014. Hi everybody since the forum was closed I think I want to say something here. I still waiting the Black Zano and I know the new shipping schedule. I really don't understand why after almost 1 year since I backed the project there's no only one video apart ( TG official website ) show the Zano work. The only things that Zano can do now is Fly for a few seconds and keep on crash . Ivan it was really friendly to answered me before the forum was closed and I was thinking it's only a software problem but now I'm really concern about it . I don't care if maybe somebody remove here the comment but I have to say that I own the Small drone from Parrot France and I'll never had problem it use sonar sensor air pressure sensor the only think it's missing is the camera and it's also controlled via App ios and Android. Why now Zano it's doesn't fly like the Parrot drone? If I'm not wrong TG before it was involved in UAV project that's means everybody yes it's a small team but at least they understand about drone or not ? For me no make sense to build something that it's Impossible to use . Maybe it's much better that TG show us in a video the really reason why no Zano work as advertise at least indoor. I'm really really sad about it I hope in the meantime to try Zano and fly for a few minutes if it's possible. One more thing they release Calibrating tool to resolve issues but as I can see in the new unofficial forum no way to fly Zano correct. No words. !!!???? @John-D - Where in the T&Cs does it say backers must be served first? Did I miss this? <url>"rewards". And neither of those actions can be fixed with firmware updates. But as I discussed below, KS just wants to be left out of any post campaign actions solely to protect themselves. That is the major flaw with the current crowdfunding business model. @lostintallaght, Reaction, before its to late !!!! you can always make an order for the Zano, So ??? Why would Kickstarter do anything? There was a very clear shipping schedule posted in October. There's been a long delay but there is in most Kickstarter tech projects as far as I can see. As long as they follow their shipping schedule and allow people that ordered Reds or GITDs to change to black then I don't see an issue. If Zano doesn’t do what it was advertised to right now then TG can always argue with Kickstarter that the Zano firmware and software is upgradable and this functionality will be added in the future. Not sure what people expect Kickstarter to do in this instance to be honest. Why is KS speechless ????? I promised myself after the Zano fiasco that I would never spend money on Kickstarter or the other so-called crowdfunded projects again. When you think about it, the risk is not worth getting a version 1 product at a small discount. And the truth is, the money you risk was never an “investment” or a “donation”, but a simple pre-order purchase. The fraud potential is now so great that there are numerous FTC (Federal Trade Commission) class action lawsuits in the U.S., and the SEC (Securities and Exchange Commission) has just authorized a true (and official) small start-up crowdfunding investment program (<url>"Last login Oct 31 2015" Why are you logging into Kickstarter almost daily? The campaign is done and it obviously isn't to respond to your backers. What is it you're hoping to find? Renewed respect and trust? That's going to require an effort on your part. I agree with the "forum-was-shutdown- to stop-hitching" theory. I mean, come on, 3 week downtime? Maybe we should gather torches and pitchforks... @Maximillian Wait and See !!!! I Want my money back! I am very disappointed! We were duped. TG sold a dream. which has become a nightmare Comments are disappearing Thaha its funny to see how people are making assumptions here. Seems like its really hard to be patient and let the zano team just do their best. And yes, nobody is flawless. Ivan and robin appearing on the new forum shows that they actually care. So you should do too. This includes being patient and NOT crying for refunds you prefer now + making assumptions with no reason. We could contact the BBC with the whole list of complaints and problems to there watch dog section and to be honest I could see them investigating ZANO made big news for England before so yeah I think BBC should go and interview TG again. It would be interesting. This user's account has been deleted. I've been told by creator and Kickstarter that once a comment is posted it can't be removed but I can't imagine that to be the case as it would make no sense. OK, enough. I want my money back. This is ridiculous and outrageous. @wissel to me it seems an attempt to shut up any complaints that might arise on the forum, it makes no sense to disappear like this on KS, but do post answer on your forum, including pictures of new batches and things...it's just a big nonsense to me, maybe some big screw up happened and they are trying to do some damage control! @Wissel - Interesting. 'Why?' is undoubtedly the question. Along with 'who'. My guess is someone I might choose to tag 'Mr 25%'... Ultimately whatever happens to Zano and the project, there are some massive lessons to be learned for everyone involved. Respect and trust are hard to earn, and easily lost and honesty is always the best policy, even if the news is bad. For me, it will be my last crowdfunded project that I'll back. In future I'll just wait for retail, and read the customer reviews first. I wish I had paid more close attention to this project before it funded. I genuinely believed that the promotional videos showing Zano following the mountain biker, and taking selfies at a cafe (this film featured Mr 25% I'm certain) were actual footage. It looked genuine and I believed it was, and I thought it would enable me to take my landscape photography hobby to the next level. Yeah, stupid boy! Anyway, I feel very annoyed at the contempt us backers have been treated with. I'm pissed that pre-order folks are getting their Zano's before backers (not at them, not their fault) and I regret wasting my money. I'm just glad that none of my friends backed the project, since I was relentless in bigging-up Zano to everyone! I'm embarrassed when I get asked when I'll be getting my Zano.... @ukpetey - I think a bit more than an implication. I do think that the forums went down through some fault as they said. I mean everything went down. The shop, The HPC. Everything else was back the next day. Having published a Zano forum I can tell you it took me about 5 hours. Most of this was learning the software. I would state categorically that one of Torquing's directors didn't want it back. I think the real question is why they don't want it? Just contempt for customers and backers or cowards? I must admit I'd like to know. @Wissel - so you imply that a director took a decision to remove the forums, rather than any other reason? If so, I could guess who! @Wissel - I'm not so sure that such a comment WOULD be removed. I assume that the Kickstarter account is run by the tech people who are the good guys in all of this. We know that the others don't read here (at least, that is what it seems like) so would be interesting to see how long such a comment survives. If it goes quickly that tells its own story. @livio damiano - I'm afraid I'm not in touch with them. I've gotten to know Ivan quite well via email since visiting them a few months ago but that's all sadly. In fact I think I'm quite disliked by a few of the directors going by the little correspondence I've had with them. And lets face it - one of them is the reason the forum has gone so I guess me starting the new one hasn't helped here. So I'm afraid I don't know why they don't reply here. I could guess but if I did i'm sure my comment would be removed quite quickly lol @wissel since you are in contact with them, why are they not replying here too? Hi guys at Zano, slightly disappointed at the way this is going!! You guys started off great especially around communications, I used you guys as examples when talking to other creators around communications and also winning your backers respect and support. When the media had doubts around the product we supported you, when many where complaining around not seeing videos we supported you and reiterated what you told Your backers and to trust in you! My concern is around communication to the mass and also the quality of the final product!! I just hope you can restore my faith back in you guys. @Wissel - No, it's not looking likely. As you say, communication is what we are wanting, and it's not too forthcoming. It's madness that the only channels for communication are through an unofficial forum set up after the mysterious disappearance of the official one. And here. Good on you for ensuring that we aren't kept completely in the dark :) @ukpetey my point is that different people in different companies have different roles and not everyone that works for a company knows everything that's happening within it. I'd love to have an Ask Reece thread - I think it would be great to get a big of insight into what the Marketing team gets up to. If Reece or anyone from Torquing wanted a questions thread on the forum I'd be more than happy to set it up. I mean it's communication we all want isn't it? I can't see this happening though. @Wissel - and your point? Ivan is still a director and owns 20% of TG - I don't get your point? Why shouldn't he be able to answer? Perhaps you should start an 'Ask Reece' thread, since he owns 25% of TG through his Rockford Lane Ltd company? Any and all of the Directors and Shareholders are responsible for their company. Ivan is both Director and shareholder. We all know that Ivan founded the company, and its roots are in his native Australia. He was the first Director of of TG appointed - after the founding director Samuel Lloyd who was only in place for less than 3 weeks - presumably to establish the company. I stand by my assertion that Ivan should be able to answer any and all of the backers questions. I'm certain he would have the answers. Ivan has put a full & interesting technical update on Wissels forum. Lots of nude Zanos ready to ship when the new plastics arrive. Also updates on the calibration tools & firmware being beta tested to make Zano much more stable in flight. At least Ivan & Robin from the techie side of TG are trying to speak to us, where is Reece & the rest of the communications & Marketing team??? Still a very Stupid idea to take down the original forum in my opinion Anna Team Zano What about the orders placed via your website. Can those orders be cancelled and a refund provided. Nothing has been shopped nor are there ship dates, only open order numbers on my account. Please let me know how I can cancel the orders and receive a refund. Generic answer TG (you do not respect the backer and are giving Automatic answers) Hi, Thank you for getting in touch. As you’re aware, Kickstarter is a platform for crowdsourcing funds for supporting the creation of new products and concepts. Although not ideal, Kickstarter campaigns are liable for running into potential obstacles and cause delays in the manufacturing and fulfilment processes. We are aware that the revised fulfilment schedule has been disappointing for many of our backers but we would like to reaffirm our commitment to dedicating all resource available to us to ensuring that we fulfil our backers’ orders as quickly as possible. As a Kickstarter backer, we thank you for your support of project ZANO, unfortunately we are not in a position to refund your pledge that helped make this project come to life. Your pledge reward will be shipped as per our recent shipping schedule. Kind regards Anna TEAM ZANO @ukpetey - While your on companies house have a look at the latest annual return. It shows exactly who owns what percentage of Torquing. You could also try Linkedin and search Torquing Group. It shows what rolls most directors have. @Wissel - to quote you at the Ask Ivan thread at the Zano Forum Unofficial - "Please remember Ivan's job role at Torquing is head of R&D. He cannot answer questions about fulfilment or refunds etc." Since companies house states that Ivan Reedman is (together with his wife) the longest serving DIRECTOR of TG - perhaps he SHOULD be able to answer such questions, NO? @Arthur - since my Zano does not exist, and won't until February 2016 (red LE) it doesn't have a serial number... They could refund anybody anytime if they cared to, and had the funds. Sorry folks The only way TG will provide a refund is to return the Zano after you receive it. They require a serial number in order to institute a refund. Pretty smart of them We have a new Member on Zanoforum.com Ivan has now joined (as well as Robin) so will now be answering your questions exactly like before. <url>#axzz3q2tazyVi From the kickstarter FAQ which I am sure we have all read- "Creator accountability When you back a project on Kickstarter you enter into an agreement with the project creator as described in our Terms of Use. This agreement requires creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill. We hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill." Personally I feel the creator has NOT made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfil. This is based on the fact the zano is not complete - it does not do what they said it would do on their promo video as of yet, and is doubtful it ever will. I understand what some are saying about give it time and give the creators a chance. But the lack of communication, closing the forum and general lack of anything but contempt for backers is alarming. I am going to push for a refund via any means. As MDS else said, by the time this is released to us backers, there will be smaller, cheaper and most importantly fully functioning drones available. If Torquing Group read this and want to respond please feel free, but for me the damage is done. This user's account has been deleted. Well luckily I have family that live near them so I might just get them to go over and ask for the refund in person lol its getting ridiculous I want to have refund please ..... I want my money back today . Refund our money back Torquing Group - "Last login Oct 29 2015" Seriously??!! Another day of looking at comments, seeing the despair and frustration. And. Not. One. Word. What an absolutly disgusting display of disrespect! Grow a pair TG. Face your responsibilities. Refund or communicate! What makes anyone think they can EVER make it work? Promises have been made regarding features, shipping dates, increased communication & none of them have been kept. It's been nearly a year & this thing barely even flies! Wait another year for what? In one year there will be cheaper, smaller and fully functioning camera drones flooding the market. @Sascha Wyss, extremely lucid comment! Ship it when it works, not before. @David Dennis - I hear you loud and clear, yet I can't help hearing myself say - whatever the issues, however skint TG are, however much Zano is not yet delivering on what was promised - we have hope - but when the forums disappear with a flimsy excuse about server failure then an upgrade, and at the same time TG seem to have disappeared (for the second time) - for this there is, to my mind, no excuse. Pure and simple it is contempt for us, the backers. Utter contempt. I don't have £200 to 'p*ss away' and I'll be damned if I'll let that happen. Even if I have to go to Wales myself to get it back. @Nicolas Martin: je n'ai pas suivi depuis plusieurs semaines et la je vois pleins de message de personnes qui veulent annuler! As tu reçu ton zano et si oui qu'est ce qui ne va pas??? Quels sont les fonctions qui ne fonctionne pas? La caméra est elle de bonne qualité ? Malheureusement si c'est une arnaque Kickstarter n'est pas coupable c'est bien précise dans les conditions de vente.... Merci de tes reponses Well said @Sascha Wyss and @David Dennis I want to have a refund!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! well..... November is coming......... still not receive any piece of words regarding my shipping status of my black zano.......i know i need to be patient...... but ...... ahhh..... @David Good point, but I do think people should be entitled to refunds due to major failure to deliver what was promised. I don't mind the delays, but everything I watched on YT about people who received their Zanos was veeery disappointing. If they refund, I might as well ask for it even though I bought it at less than full price. Il semblerait que nous ayons affaire à une escroquerie de grande ampleur. Les gars de Torquing ont manipulé les images et fait des promesses qu'ils ne pouvaient pas tenir. Nous les avons cru. Ils ont récolté plus de 2 000 000 £ soit plus de 3 000 000 € ou plus de 3 500 000 $ ! Ils sont sans doute dans une île dans les caraïbes à penser aux gogos qui leur ont assuré une si belle vie. Par contre Kickstarter a probablement un système d'assurances contre ce genre d'arnaques. C'est à eux de rembourser les gens qui se sont faits escroquer. Sinon il suffit de promettre n'importe quoi avec une belle video pour voler de l'argent. Dans ce cas Kickstarter est complice d'escroquerie pour moi. To those who are pushing for refunds, please consider the possible effects of your actions first.... Yes, it is most annoying that Torquing Group decided to take and ship pre-orders before honouring their all Kickstarter backer's rewards - the project could not have got off the ground without our support. Yes, it is also most annoying that they have stopped speaking to us - as most of us have already stated, we can accept a few problems and delays BUT DO KEEP US INFORMED (especially after your recent promises as included within your last update). Yes, it is disappointing to see the product released with imperfections and reduced ability but at least they are still issuing upgrades which address them and also appear to moving forward with continued development (see zanoforum.com). Torquing Group can easily improve matters with the release of the timely updates which we would all like to see. So, given time things could get better but if too many people seek refunds then all we are likely to see is the total collapse of this project and any financial worth will be quickly grabbed by the primary creditors - the big boys, not the individual customers like you or I. So, take care as the actions of a minority may well affect the majority - why not give them a chance to resume and increase their shipments after the new plastics arrive next week? I'll probably get burned by some of the replies but I would respectfully ask my fellow backers to be just a little more patient, after all I still want to see my Zano arrive.... This is an official request for a refund. Please respond! This is a second formal request for a refund. Please respond. @Russell Peake - I am a backer and I didn't request to have my red LE Zano be one of the last to be shipped!! This is the second time that TG have disappeared, and stopped engaging with backers. Having had the standard 'no refund till you refuse delivery' type of response from the company I'm considering my options. I'm going to discuss this with my credit card company (Tesco Bank) and may even pay a visit to TG in Welsh Wales to see what is going on... @Russell Peake This backer (me) never made such a request. I have however requested my money back, with no success. I'm going to be discussing this with Tesco Bank (my credit card provider) as I require a refund since the project has not delivered as promised, and for the second time TG have effectively disappeared from view. this is going to be my last KS project, so depressing!!!! sent a message to cancel preorder of GITD, written off the kickstart pledge. looks like bad backing. I will be more careful in the future. what fun could of had with the Zano with all the promised features. I believe the real issue seems to get forgotten here. Yes, the delay of the delivery is annoying, but consider what you get presently if they ship a Zano to you..... According to the feedback here and what is posted on Youtube, you receive a quadcopter, which is of very low quality, which does not really fly, which selfdestructs within the first tries to fly and for which the software is in most cases (iOS) not available, and even if out of whatever misguided reasons you own an Android phone, the software has disabled most of the promised features. So the question is - why push for delivery? What we in fact should be pushing for, is that these guys STOP delivery, first resolve all the quality and functional issues and then deliver a useable product. I rather wait a year longer than receiving a piece of trash... i requested a refund and was told the follow: Thank you for getting in touch. As you’re aware, Kickstarter is a platform for crowdsourcing funds for supporting the creation of new products and concepts. Although not ideal, Kickstarter campaigns are liable for running into potential obstacles and cause delays in the manufacturing and fulfilment processes. We are aware that the revised fulfilment schedule has been disappointing for many of our backers but we would like to reaffirm our commitment to dedicating all resource available to us to ensuring that we fulfil our backers’ orders as quickly as possible. As a Kickstarter backer, we thank you for your support of project ZANO, unfortunately we are not in a position to refund your pledge that helped make this project come to life. Your pledge reward will be shipped as per our recent shipping schedule. Has anyone had a luck pursuing the matter with their credit card company? Have emailed them asking for a refund again still yet to hear anything from them though, the first time was just some auto message saying when you get it then send it back since it was apparently already in the shipping stage.......that was almost a month ago so messaging again lets see if I get the same auto message. Sick of this now @greg, someone asked them a question on their Facebook page about filing for bankruptcy. That's very different to what you said 'There was also a post in their Facebook page that Torquing Group has filed for bankruptcy.' Ivan is still answering questions as of yesterday on the zanoforum.com site, so this project us still running per the last update as far as I can see. Thanks @Russel for clarifying that with the Manufacturing restraints. However I honestly cannot remember backers asking for shipping by color here in the comments. Must have been asked via PM or in the forum ;) You can get all information about a company in GB on this page <url>"valued" backers. And the worst thing of all is, they stopped communicating with their backers (shut down the forum, not answering any comments on here even though they lock in daily). And not knowing what's going on or receiving no answer from the project creator makes people upset. Well and of course the technical issues with the Zanos from the backers who already received a unit don't make it better. I backed projects which are delayed by nearly two years. However the project creators are communicating and keeping us backers up to date at least twice a month. Even if you have bad news it's better than no news. At least you know where you're at and what to expect. An this prevents people from getting upset. I am joining the refund club too. Please refund my money. wow I have a lot of time that I didn't see the ks page of zano and now I'm seeing a lot of buzz and negative comments, and I check the last updates to know what is going on and I don't see why so much negativity. The schedule seems reasonable for the kind of project, when I backed I thought that they will have like a year of delay because that what normally happens on kickstater for technology projects, but I don't know what they thought all these people. It seems an iOS app is virtually impossible. I have Apple products, not android. Please refund me. I think a small claims court might help as the whole project is basically misleading and theft. @Kyriakos Leivadas -- The Zano will be acting as an Access point and the phone will connect to it. They are utilizing the same functionality that you see with other WiFi connected drones (ex Parrott) Also, if you have a GoPro it does the same thing. So, this will be a native app, not for jailbreak. Torquing Group---"Last login Oct 28 2015". Give us the courtesy and respect we paid for. You need to $hit or get off the pot. I'm guessing they re going to release a jailbreak app for iOS. Hello, by the videos I saw for the android app of the ZANO i understand that the phone is connected to the ZANO through wifi peer to peer without the need of a router. If that's true then as an iOS developer my self I'm confident enough to tell you that the reason the iOS app is not released yet is because this connectivity is not supported by iOS. The iOS app cannot control wifi connectivity directly without the need of a server/router. I hope someone from ZANO team can discuss this issue and explain how they are going to make the iOS app of ZANO and be able to fly ZANO outside through wifi. This Joe from the Zano team replies to a lot of ppl on FB, why can't he give a feedback here?? let's write them on FB too!! where did they go? This user's account has been deleted. Very sad thought that TG is hiding now. Thinking about getting this one: <url>#/ Beyond belief annoyed!! Please refund our money. Unfortunately I am joining the refund club. Was really looking forward to this project. Autonomous, Intelligent, Swarming??? From the limited videos I've seen this drone cannot do any of these! Gone are the backers who over and over stated "this is the best kickstarter campaign ever & TG is doing a great job.' They've now not only stopped communicating but shut down the forum to try and stop the negative feedback. I really don't care if they do start communicating at this point. I have zero confidence in their long overdue shipping schedule now anyways. I don't believe it will ever be able to do the things shown in the Kickstarter videos. At this point it appears they cannot even develop an IOS app so I won't be able to use it anyway. By all the KS backers, what can we do for action !!!! I agree with @Sergio Amateis I wish to add a COPY-PASTE from KICKSTARTER FAQ..... Ivan / Torquing, please read: ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- If problems come up, creators are expected to post a project update explaining the situation. Sharing the story, speed bumps and all, is crucial. Most backers support projects because they want to see something happen and they'd like to be a part of it. Creators who are honest and transparent will usually find backers to be understanding. It's not uncommon for things to take longer than expected. Sometimes the execution of the project proves more difficult than the creator had anticipated. If a creator is making a good faith effort to complete their project and is transparent about it, backers should do their best to be patient and understanding while demanding continued accountability from the creator. If the problems are severe enough that the creator can't fulfill their project, creators need to find a resolution. Steps should include offering refunds, detailing exactly how funds were used, and other actions to satisfy backers. For more information, see Section 4 of our Terms of Use. +1 Sergio: A word from Zano would be much apprechiated. I don't care so much if I have to wait, if some functions will be released later. I am a backer and i don't care if preorders get their Zano before me. But I really care about lack of communications. ----------------------------------------- IVAN WHERE ARE YOU ? ----------------------------------------- If that is the case, I can believe you were tired of all the questions and the negative comments on your forum, and is better for you to focus 100% on problem solving, app development and Zano shipping. BUT, just write a word, HERE. Just write "We are still here, and still working for you". ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ And if this project is a failure, Zano don't work as expected and never will, just let us know. Delaying this info does not help anyone. @John My cousin received the Zano 2 weeks ago. It's only a paper weight with Zano outlook. It won't fly and its out of control. It already broken within 5mins. Perhaps some UK backers could make a short visit to them? They are located in the uk. Has anyone who actually has received a Zano done a teardown and confirmed that the hardware promised and stated to be included is actually installed? Creating Zano part 8: <url>"FIRST EDITION BLACK ZANO W/ LIMITED EDITION CARRY CASE ", so that I can get it earlier? Still waiting for your reply. no refunds but they did email me back and say I could switch to black I don't want fluff anymore - just straight answers to my questions. The fact they have allowed pre-orders to receive units before their backers - smells like desperation to me. A company only does this if they need the money. I have just asked TG to give responses to my questions again. No response yet to... 1. Why do TG Group need to dedicate their own internal resource to complete all of the final assembly, testing and fulfillment in house when the EMC was supposed to do that? Is there a cost problem here? Is TG trying for whatever reason trying to save or recoup money? 2. Why is the EMS only able to provide 200 ZANOs per working day. The EMC should be able to produce way more than that! Have TG Group specifically told the EMC to produce that quantity to 'buy' time for these new plastics to turn up? 3. Why is TG Group limiting production to 200 units per day? 4. Why have you closed down the forum on purpose? The initial email you sent out was a no-reply email. You had no intention of responding to backers questions. @Don Chen & ThomasDN, Guys I wish I could speak for TG & give some decent answers for their lack of communication & some dubious actions but unfortunately I cannot, however I'm also annoyed that many of us have asked questions either openly or via PM & have not always received a reply. TQ should have a spokesperson here from their communications team updating us & answering our questions as they have closed the forum. I also agree with you both on a few issues surrounding backers, beta testers & pre orders as there seems to be little rhyme or reason in their shipping process. Also previuosly I have put both negative & positive comments here & on the old forum, I've copied one below from September as I think they have treated the Backers from all over the world poorly. "I agree this is a very poor way to treat the Kickstarter backers as without them the Zano would not be produced. If we were told what would happen with the shipping schedule at the beginning of the campaign I & I am sure many others would have not backed one of the limited edition colours & would have chosen black instead. I am an early Kickstarter backer for a GITD & I told a friend about the Zano & he pre ordered a black many months later, now he will be getting his black Zano moths before I will. Hardly fair guys!!" Sep 10 2015 on ZANO - Autonomous. Intelligent. Swarming. Nano Drone. Obviously we are not all going to agree with everything that is said but I just hope that TG get there act in order & start shipping greater quantities to backers & pre orders worldwide that have passed the relevant QA checks so they can fly out of the box. Then hopefully over time they can bring on line all of the features they promised us. Here's hoping.. Feel somewhat forgotten to be honest, I thought being in the UK pledging on earlybird for a black, for the first time had my hope up I might get mine early!!! : ( @Gizmo Since you have received your Zano, you don't feel scammed, thus defending TG. That is fine and great for you guys... but what about all those who didn't get their Zano? I've signed up for Beta, and was accepted, but then what? nothing happened for us, except for the minority of you guys have already already received them (even non-beta's). Put yourself in our shoes and tell us that you don't feel one bit of disappointment and scammed. For those who didn't get theirs and still doesn't feel scammed, tell me you are not one bit upset about their honesty and respect to their backers. If not, then you guys are the nicest people i've ever known in this era! If you do, then you know that you have been scammed... Scam is not only when you pay for something and it never arrives, by definition, a dishonest scheme. Even if their campaign was not a scam, which I believe its not, but their constant lies and dishonesty surely scammed us thinking that things are moving and most people expected to receive their Zano soon + some acceptable delays. But disrespecting their backers by prioritizing and fulfilling 'Pre-Orders' before their backers is one of the most stupid decisions I've heard of in a Crowd-Funding community. Surely, if they indicated this at the beginning of the campaign and all those who pledged knows and accepted such delivery term... If you offer a different color but indicating that it will get later delivery, then no one here thinking that color doesn't make any difference in delivery would be disappointed. @Gizmo: That is not quite what they stated as the purpose of the beta testers. I seem to remember it was to beta test finished features to add to a functioning product. That is also the reason why it is not only beta testers who are receiving zanos so far, which would be the case if their purpose was as you say. www.torquinggroup.com website is also under construction? +1 For not feeling scammed. I have my Zano & yes it is not yet perfect, but I never expected it to be on its release. That's why TG asked for beta testers to help with its development in the real world. With the latest updates of the firmware my Zano behaves much better & with feeding that amongst other info back they can make the necessary tweaks. Just to clarify that my first Zano was one of those that was not calibrated correctly by the rig, now they are aware of this they can fix the error & put further QA checks in place. I have also stated previously that the decision to close their forum down was dubious at best. Hopefully the down time they've had away from the forum will have been spent improving the firmware & QA checks so all of us can have a better experience with our Zanos. +1 Doug Conran. This user's account has been deleted. @Creative Apparel - not everyone feels scammed. They'll remove the comment but won't give us a refund... Should make a Facebook group page so we can communicate about how we can the legal action together as a group of 12k peope who got scammed. Don't worry woofer, it's my fault for not paying attention when I registered the domain :) I've contacted Kickstarter aw well to get it removed so I'm sure it will be soon :) @ Wissel, I apologised for pasting the info here, although your domain registry and infos are not encrypted it can be easily traced by anyone. @Gizmo is right, need to notify KS/TG/Joe for deleting my comment. I already send an email to TG requesting to remove the comment. I am very sorry for that. :) @Wissel, I think you'll have to contact Kickstarter directly to get your address removed before you receive thousands of "Thank You" cards for giving us a new forum to discuss our Zano issues. I'm sure Joe contacted me some months ago about removing another persons less than polite quote & he said they could not remove it but had to request Kickstarter to do it(but it may have changed since). No problem Rob :) This user's account has been deleted. @Woofer I'm glad you can see that it is completely independent, but would you mind removing my home address please :) @Rob Coapman The new forum has no official connection to Torquing at all. I think you may be confusing how the old forum is being re-vamped with my new forum? The old one is being turned into a customer service site that you will (I gather) have to log in with your FlyZano account. zanoforum.com is just something I did when I heard the old forum wouldn't be coming back (as it was). The Registrant Email, Admin Email, and Tech Email is : <email> This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. @Rob I agree that is was wrong of TG to take the old forum down, this was a very dubious decision to say the least. However I have joined the new forum that Wissell has kindly put together but I did not use my flyzano account to join it. I did decide to use my same nickname but the password is different. Also on the up side is that Ivan will still answer technical questions where he is allowed to as he is not the Boss at TG but rather a superb gentleman who wishes to assist where he is able to. There is some good news on the forum & various FB pages recently from an owner who has recently visited TG & has tried the new calibration tools which is said to show an improvement in flight etc, hopefully this will be rolled out after some further beta testing. This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Sorry TG not bringing the forums back is abject cowardice that doesn't reflect well on you at all. The new (unofficial) forum is now live. The reason for a new forum is quite simple - the old one isn't coming back. Torquing have decided to replace the old forum with a new customer service forum. This will ONLY be accessible to existing OWNERS of a Zano. Where as I think it's good they are taking customer service more seriously, losing the forum is not so good. A lot of us have spent a lot of time posting on the old forum, all those answers are now probably lost forever. For a lot of us the biggest loss would be losing the Ask Ivan thread. This thread answered so many of our questions and was our way of connecting with the project. I didn't want to lose this altogether. So I emailed Ivan and asked if he would be willing to answer our questions in a new forum. As he said yes, it was worth creating a new forum. So welcome to the new forum - the new home of Ask Ivan :) This forum has no official connection with Zano and Torquing Group. It is completely independent. There are bound to be some mistakes and a few teething issues - but we are all used to beta testing now :) If you do find a mistake or have a suggestion please let me know. Finally, to combat spam, each new users first post will need to be approved by a mod. This is only you're first post and after this you have full access. <url>"under construction"... Has anyone heard from TG in the last week or so? This user's account has been deleted. @BarryG, The issue with what you are saying is you can not personally proof that what they have claimed and what they have delivered is false, as they have not YET delivered anything to you personally. Based on what everyone else here has said, refunds requesting backers are being told to return an unopened box once they receive their Zano for a full refund, but they are unable to process a refund prior to this. @Jonathan, You would be better sending your legal notice to the companies email address rather than in a comment section which has shown no active posts from the creators in some time. I requested a refund and was told no.. I feel we were all scammed and they committed fraud by their initial video and what they stated Zano would deliver.. WE could have bought a toy for $50.00 with more battery life and the same poor video quality. They did not and have not delivered on any of their promises.. I am requesting a refund! I would take this up with Kickstarted but they have a history of backing the campaign owners and not the backers. This notice serves as a formal and legal request for a refund. If I do not hear back from you within 5 days I will dispute my credit card and/or take this to my local small claims court. Money for research and development does not mean the backers get taken advantage of. @Brent, to me, ROTFLMAO is not a feeling of whining. As far as I know :) @woofer short answer: yes. Is it HD? No, but I have reasonable expectations. This isn't a $2500 DJI Phantom with a 4K GoPro 4+ Black edition attached to it. Grow up and stop your incessant whining. I don't pretend to know if this has been heavily edited or not. Doesn't matter really, either way, it shows me what is possible and it will only get better with time and software improvements. Not to mention camera upgrades. Happy backer, Brent I am really loosing my trust in this product.I hope that when they realize themselves that even the hardware is not that stable,they can decide to stop production and refund backers as much as possible......... It doesn't make sense to send a Zano I don't want anymore and that I have to sent it unopened back. Why not canceling it now. Preorders can take my red Zano. @ukpetey I got the exact same message i think everyone is just getting templates messages back about refunds I've ready complained to my credit card and to my surprise they can apparently do it heh so I'll see how that goes To everyone calling for refunds, where do you think the money will be available? R&D costs, wages, hardware, inventory, KS percentage etc would have put a big hole in the amount they got on KS. I wouldn't count on any KS backers getting their money back. I was happy to wait for this product. I thought it would be excellent and worth the wait. Now it seems what was promised is not what they will deliver. Many of the features advertised do not seem to be there, and some claim they couldn't possibly exist (swarming for example). I will join the long list of people who want to cancel this or just send it back. Torquing should do the right thing and refund those who want refunds... Or has all the money gone already? I think this is one of Kick Starters biggest fails and it's a real shame. This could have been great. @wissel, That looked pretty Decent in terms of level and control considering what you've said of you flight ability, and what i've seen of the zano capabilities. For those who are gonna complain about image quality... its already been said it is software limited at the moment... We want our money back! Tell as how we are gonna be refund or 12k people gonna take you to the courts! I don't believe for a second those videos are from a Zano. Below is footage from a flying Zano. I wanted to try out the updated app released yesterday so this is just a quick flight in my living room. What I did find interesting though was the onboard stabilisation. If you look at about 15 seconds in you can see my crash frame coming in at the top of the video. <url>"<email>" @Brent - Yeah those are the videos I posted links to yesterday but was assured by many here that they are not shot using a Zano or are HEAVILY post-processed. :-( @Brent , You just said you're pleased with the video quality of 360p fullscreen in your 42" TV...?????? ROTFLMAO Not sure if these 3 videos (at time of posting) have been put up, but to be honest, I'm quite pleased with the video quality. I use a 42" tv as my computer monitor and I put the vid to full screen and there was only a bit of blurring through YouTube. Personally, I'd love to see a video of someone flying First Person View (FPV - through the Zano camera) through a race/obstacle course. <url>"order being processed" that makes a refund impossible? It won't be manufactured for at least four more months... Perhaps they mean 'we've spent all your money so can't refund you'? Utter cr*p ! And my last Kickstarter Here is my email to TG of last week after the shipping update, with their reply below: "Hi, In light of today's shipping update which says that now my Red LE Zano will likely ship in another 4 months in mid Feb 2016, I would respectfully ask for a refund of my Kickstarter pledge. The previous update suggested Dec 15, after initial shipping during the Kickstarter project of Jun 15. I am especially disappointed since those who pre-ordered Zano but were not Kickstarter backers will receive their Zano's before me (red excepted) I loved the project, and have waited patiently, but have now lost interest as a result of these delays, which should have been factored in to the estimated delivery date. I understand the nature of KS projects, and what I was backing. However the reality, for me, has not lived up to the promises made. Please advise on how my pledge can be returned to me." ------------------------------------------------------------------------- "Hi Peter, Thank you for your recent enquiry for a refund of your pledge to the ZANO Kickstarter campaign. Unfortunately, at this current time your order is being processed and we cannot issue a refund. Once you receive your ZANO we will be happy for you to return the item unopened for a full refund. Thank you for your time and patience. Team ZANO" has anyone tried to get refunded yet through their credit card providers please advise as to how we can get a refund @creator: I think you can contribute to clarity and clearing your name, if you keep engaging the community who pledged 2.335.119 GBP in our shared product and dream: Zano. You could begin by answering the very good and factual questions from @Manish: " "It should also be noted that at this point in time we have to dedicate our own internal resource to complete all of the final assembly, testing and fulfillment in house. With that being said, we are now in a position where our EMS can now provide us with 200 ZANOs per working day. Obviously 1,000 ZANOs per week. Our goal is to meet the supply from our EMS with our own internal resource and ensure we are in a position to assemble, test and fulfill 200 ZANOs per day moving forward. We now feel we have all of the internal and external processes in place for us to successfully dispatch 200 ZANO’s per day." In response to the above that TG Group sent everyone... 1. Why do TG Group need to dedicate their own internal resource to complete all of the final assembly, testing and fulfillment in house when the EMC was supposed to do that? Is there a cost problem here? Is TG trying for whatever reason trying to save or recoup money? 2. Why is the EMS only able to provide 200 ZANOs per working day. The EMC should be able to produce way more than that! Have TG Group specifically told the EMC to produce that quantity to 'buy' time for these new plastics to turn up? 3. Why is TG Group limiting production to 200 units per day? 4. Why have you closed down the forum on purpose? The initial email you sent out was a no-reply email. You had no intention of responding to backers questions. I think we all need some answers now!" @Capella If you look at other videos from this user, they purchased a Parrot after being disappointed by the Zano. <url>"The forum is currently being developed into a new support platform for our customers. Apologies for delay in service!" Hello, I was wondering if you could update me on the estimated shipping of my ZANO? I got the latest newsletter but to be honest I'm not sure which category I fall under, so if you could just let me know which shipping date I've been assigned that would be great. I will be away for the holidays so need to make sure someone will actually be here to receive the package if it will be arriving in December. Cheers still waiting for my zano,when can I get it? How long has the forum been down now? Calling BS on that... Simon Rishton : +1 � Aidy Sharples : +1 � @Dean It's crazy how there's no repercussions for this at all. Watching the video of a 'Zano' hovering over the sea filling someone jumping off it is clearly lies. Zano can't even hover on the spot @aidy Funny enough I just checked that out in the rules and your right...heh Zano was pretty over fabricated since all we have right now is one of those cheap remote control helicopters strafed with a poor quality camera :/ Sending to pre-orders isn't the main issue to backers. The main concern surely has to be the fact that the whole campaign was a massive over exaggeration of Zano's features. I know we have 'invested' and haven't technically purchased anything however it's been completely miss sold as a concept. Kickstarters rules state companies cannot fabricate features however this rule has clearly been broken with no repercussions?!? Anybody wants to take over buy my pledge for a black zano? Simon Rishton: +1 How can it possibly be legal, let alone moral, for you to start taking pre orders for a product before you have fulfilled your obligations to your backers? Surely putting a project on Kickstarter is in itself a form of pre order from people that are prepared to take a gamble on a worthwhile speculative project. People who offer you their trust. To then start taking further preorders totally before you have come good on your promises to your backers totally betrays that trust. So things have got a bit delayed. Unforseen problems (just as we all foresaw). Things we all expect from Kickstarter projects. Things we accept as backers. But still you continue to take pre orders which you will fulfill before you continue to honour your promises to your backers. I understand and accept that there will be delays in the development of Zano. I understand that the early firmware and software will be limited until you have a chance to improve on it. I accept that some of the features you thought you could achieve are not physically possible. But you are STILL TAKING PRE ORDERS. Pre orders that you will no doubt honour first as they have more legal rights and recourse against you. That is just wrong. And I would suggest to my fellow backers that if by the end of the week you are STILL TAKING PRE ORDERS we should all demand a refund on our investment in your company and should as a group begin legal action against your company. Now, it's not an simple fulfillment to backer or pre-order. My cousin received his Zano, he tested and he found that Zano can't fly and none of the features advertise is working. Even a simple manually hold position is not work. Even a usd20 drone from China can do better than Zano. I don't mind the project was delay as this is a kiskstarter project, it's not purchasing a finished product. But the key problem is TQ don't do good communication, TQ fulfill who complaint first. They did some unprofessional. BTW, my cousin is a pre-order group people and he order that in June 2015. And we live in a location should be ship in second or third batch. Why TQ doing these kind of unprofessional? All these fact make me feel this is a SCAM. "It should also be noted that at this point in time we have to dedicate our own internal resource to complete all of the final assembly, testing and fulfillment in house. With that being said, we are now in a position where our EMS can now provide us with 200 ZANOs per working day. Obviously 1,000 ZANOs per week. Our goal is to meet the supply from our EMS with our own internal resource and ensure we are in a position to assemble, test and fulfill 200 ZANOs per day moving forward. We now feel we have all of the internal and external processes in place for us to successfully dispatch 200 ZANO’s per day." In response to the above that TG Group sent everyone... 1. Why do TG Group need to dedicate their own internal resource to complete all of the final assembly, testing and fulfillment in house when the EMC was supposed to do that? Is there a cost problem here? Is TG trying for whatever reason trying to save or recoup money? 2. Why is the EMS only able to provide 200 ZANOs per working day. The EMC should be able to produce way more than that! Have TG Group specifically told the EMC to produce that quantity to 'buy' time for these new plastics to turn up? 3. Why is TG Group limiting production to 200 units per day? 4. Why have you closed down the forum on purpose? The initial email you sent out was a no-reply email. You had no intention of responding to backers questions. I think we all need some answers now! Just received the email below, my email asked them to fill all backer Zano's first! Hi Mike I am sorry to hear you are frustrated but please be aware that we have been shipping Kickstarter orders along with Pre orders and will continue to do so. Thank you for your patience in this matter. Kind regards Team ZANO This user's account has been deleted. 12k backers mistaken. The drone sent by TG does not do what he promised campaign Ya these guys just scammed 12k backers LOL promised to have all these features...that will never come to life!! It's obvious. Now it becomes an overpriced $25 dollar little drone that I could have bought from radio shack...and would be under 60 grams. @amigacooke It's unreasonable. Everything work. Only the forum down. It mean "we shut it down" to me. I feel unprofessional. TQ seems don't know how to handle this kind of PR issue. They just hiding. I accept delay but I don't like this hide from communication. Even they close forum down. People still exchange information from here, Facebook group, owner forum. The decision for close down forum is silly and this will pissed off more and more people. Sorry for my poor English @woofer @JEL I posted a little video taken from Zano a week or so ago. Obviously it isn't very good as no SD card support yet but here are links: Indoor: <url>"refunds" - this is Kickstarter, not a retailer... So THERE ARE NO REFUNDS. Just accept it, stop with the continual emails and stop thinking about it. Time flies when you're having fun, so take your mind off it. ZANO TEAM, how do I cancel everything and receive refund? TG Ltd's response to communicating with backers = let's shut down the forum and wait until the heat as dissipated. Not very professional. I am without words now - amateurism at its best! While we're waiting g... Wow "Anki Overdrive" looks fun .. Intelligent slot car racing.. Still i am waiting my shipment. It takes to long and i am loosing my patience. The forum is still down. Maybe they have just cut and run! Haha I'm Backer #12674 Black Zano with the new shipping schedule I think I will get it in December because the forum it doesn't work,I think I'm the last one with the Black Zano if there's somebody after me please post the backer number here just I'm curios if I'm really the last one or not thanks I appreciate. in the meantime I hope the new shipping schedule Will be finally confirmed with no more delay bye Delays with this kind of products happends. No worries. But please start showing us some of the awesome features this little drone was supposed to have... I ordered a red Zano via Kickstarter I ordered a camo Zano on the website I ordered 3 black Zano s for family members Waiting with issues is to be expected However, these issues have gone way too far and are unacceptable TG...how do I cancel everything and receive refunds? Thank You for the detailed update. Although disappointed by the length of delay, I like the actual projection of the schedule. If you have future problems please keep us backers informed by realistic scheduling. Mygraneman I trusted their pedigree, expertise and representations, and I wanted to support a UK technology company. This was my first Kickstarter backing and I ordered THREE units (eager me). My Glow In The Dark is now scheduled for February (at the earliest). By that time the hardware will be much outdated, as the "design-freeze" was March this year. I wanted three Zanos so as to "swarm" - even this looks some way-off! As pre-orders are being shipped before pledges, I would like to CANCEL and re-order the Zanos being shipped now - is this a possibility under Kickstarter rules? I used to check the flyzano forums each and every day - now I can't be bothered. I just put it down to experience and wasted £690. My expectation, excitement and energy (as well as their forum) has gone. Regards ANDREW (UK) @gizmo You are the first backer, that I see receiving the Zano. @Eccles Kwong I'm not going to disagree with any points you have made apart from I did put on here & the forum some days ago that I am a UK backer & I've received my black Zano. It's not perfect yet & I did not expect it to be, but I'm hoping that with further firmware upgrades it will get closer to what they promised us. Trust is not easy to build. Disappointment and un-trust can be easily to be build in millisecond. I do know your team is under pressure. I do know there is a lot of order. I do know you guys work hard. But there is a problem for the fulfillment. Backer can't accept pre-order receive more early than us. Per my survey, people receive Zano is pre-order. I don't see any backer receive one. Also why the forum down for 2 days. I really can't believe network hardware will cause a 2 days forum down. There is a lot IT field people. I think not many of us believe this. During this period, shop still working, Zano register still working. All the IP still can ping. It sound like a forum drop by your side not the hardware failure. Information is transparency nowadays. You can't hide. And your team should know world not big after Internet age. Hong Kong also a small city. Backer and pre-order also have connection from Facebook group and other forum. You can't make the people have bigger voice happy and leave us upset. We also have our right. We are backer not just the money supplier for your project. We need return. We need the product we seen on the advertisement. Company can't cheat people more than once. Here's a little advice for Team Zano...take it for what it's worth. I think you've made it quite clear that the fulfillment is seriously delayed due to largely unforeseen circumstances. Why not make it worth our while by publishing credible onboard video taken by the drone, HD and stabilized as promised, as well as showcasing the features that you enticed us with in the early days on this forum after the campaign closed? Would this not placate at least some of us who were some of your most ardent supporters but who have slowly come to doubt the credibility of your product? Pre-orders being sent out before backers? Terrible business model. My money is tied up in something I may not get for another.5 months at the least. I have seen other similar projects funded and delivered since I pledged here. Very disappointed with pre-orders being shipped since they didn't pay a whole lot more than we did. Not to mention it was our backing that got you to the point of manufacture. I do believe compensation to backers is in order. If not lifetime updated at least a charging stick. What say ye? Quite disappointed with your latest update, I have pledge for the: FIRST EDITION WHITE ZANO W/ LIMITED EDITION CARRY CASE Is there anyway that I could change it to: FIRST EDITION BLACK ZANO W/ LIMITED EDITION CARRY CASE Honestly, I do not think it is fair for your original backers who back you up but have to wait until you finish all of your pre-orders So for every 1000 pre-orders, you postpone delivery to a backer (except black) by a week. When you were going to ramp up production and everything was to be delivered by December, it didn't seem like a big deal. But now with only 1000 per week for the foreseeable future, it seems that you could ship backers first. Broken record here but pre-orders going out before backers is just plain wrong. Whether it's logical or whatever, it's morally the right thing to do. Been very supportive of TG all the way through this but just getting tired of it all. Very disappointed in you guys. Really pissed off with the added delay. Your update means that I could be waiting till February next year (5 more months) to receive my Zano. Fulfilling in the order you are is a mistake as its the backers that funded your project and not the pre-orders. You know this already though (as your backers keep telling you) but don't appear to give a shit (pardon my bluntness)! Also I appreciate everyone needs a break but given the back orders you have to fulfill I'd have thought you'd have had people working over the Christmas period to get more out. Maybe you're a victim of your own success but what started out as a great campaign has now turned in to a farce! By the time I finally get my Zano (Feb 2016) it'll be grossly outdated and nearly a year late. Let me reiterate that I don't care about those people who pre-ordered and think that it's a disgrace that any pre-orders are sent out before you've fulfilled your obligations to each and every one of your backers! You'd do better to keep acting as a true startup (like you did during your kickstarter campaign) and to look after the people who made it possible for you to do what you do (ie your kickstarter backers) as oppose to a large organisation (with lots of funding) that doesn't give a rats ass about the people who made it possible for you to give up your day job in order to make Zano a reality. I'd post this on the forum as well but miraculously they're down! Get a grip TG and sort this BS out! Thank you for giving us a real timeline. I appreciate the honesty. Good luck. When I heard that pre-orders we're getting their ZANO before the backers I was annoyed, but the delay (for a red ZANO ) wasn't too much longer. Now that some backers now have to wait until February 2016 I think TG should stop production of the pre-orders. They only got this far because of the KS backers. I know some backers say that it isn't logical to store lots of black ZANO S etc, but the delay that we are now facing is ridiculous. I am backer number 40 and would not have bothered if the timescale had been advertised more accurately. I changed to a limited edition red from having originally pledged for a black ZANO. FROM KICKSTARTERS "TRUST & SAFETY" Ask questions. If there's something you want to know about a project, ask the creator — there's an "ask" button at the bottom of each project page. And if you come across anything suspicious, just let us know — there's a “report this project” button on each page. That feedback helps us make sure no one's trying to abuse the system. UNDER KICKSTARTERS "TRUST & SAFETY": Ask questions. If there's something you want to know about a project, ask the creator — there's an "ask" button at the bottom of each project page. And if you come across anything suspicious, just let us know — there's a “report this project” button on each page. That feedback helps us make sure no one's trying to abuse the system. Kickstarter says theyre not suppose to be allowed to sell to others... They say you can report this BUT WHERE??? I see no button Yet another KS project where the creators either deliberately, out of incompetence or for the sake of being more positive let's also say may be out of bad luck or being too optimistic or naive, have grossly overshot the delivery targets partly based on which they lured in their funding from us backers. How many of you would have backed this project nearly a year ago if you were told you were going to get your reward in Feb/March 2016? I'm not surprised by these developments anymore but the frequency with which they are happening and the frustratingly long length of the delays lead me to think either a lot of the creators are amateurs or they are deliberately misleading the backers who have very little, if any, protection, recourse once invested. One would hope KS would at least do something to make it a somewhat fairer, less one-sided exchange. Right now I seriously can not think of any other platform where backers, consumers (whatever you want to call it) have so limited rights vis-a-vis creators, sellers and the platform that brings the 2 sides together. By the way I still think this project will probably turn out OK by KS standards even though looks like it will be at least 8-9 months late based on the initial guidance assuming there will be no further delays of course and it will not be the unmitigated disaster that too many projects turn out to be. i helped backed this project in December last year and now i find that someone who ordered last week is getting their one shipped first, THIS IS NOT RIGHT!! i ordered a camoflague and it appears this really is limited edition! its the last one your going going to make !! can i get a refund and do a pre-order and get mine in two weeks please as i don't gthisnk end february 2016 is ACCEPTABLE i have BACKED this project , and actually i think i have been treated unfairly Sorry to say this but - i was expecting this for xmas!, not too produced at the very end of production after your xmas break, i was also chosen as a BETA TESTER, i have never heard of a beta tester been the last to trial a product- this beta part is a joke Q? why are people that order now been given priority!!. JUST WRONG - you have screwed up No zano for another 3 months for me. "Some disappointment" doesn't even cut as an understatement. And I agree with John that you should make the shipping date for new preorder more accurate, unless you do plan to cut the new order in before backers. Went to the website, thought I would see about pre-ordering a zano. The pre-order section of the website is up and running, good to see that the prioroties are where they should be. When I click to order one, it says that zanos began shipping in September (no year noted). PLEASE AMEND THIS TO READ: "Due to high demand of over 15,000 units, shipping has been delayed. Approximately 12,000 kickstarter orders will be shipped over the next 4 months, from Oct 2015 to Feb 2016, and pre-orders will be shipped following kickstarter shipments. Thank-you for your order". Do not, Repeat, DO NOT, continue to allow pre-orders, coming in NOW, to jump the queue in front of unfulfilled kickstarter orders almost a year old. We expect and deserve ethical behaviour. Thank-you. January it is then for the white Zano. I hope by then a few more updates of software and additional functions will have been sorted out. Oh well shall look back in here after Christmas as there is going to be plenty of Whingeing after the last update. This user's account has been deleted. 'Due to a network hardware failure, we are restoring critical systems first. The forum will be restored as soon as possible'. What a load of ****! Really TG? Are you that stupid? I want my money back !!! I'm sure with the money you raked in it would not be a problem to employ a couple of students for an extra shift or two. Some of them would also be capable to help push the iOS app, to ensure the little thing is a bit more than a paper weight for the majority of people. Hope at least the guy who made the promotion video to sell these things was compensated properly. What a muppet show. So mid Feb is when the Red's go out, so realistically I am hoping it will be here sometime in May to August next year - something that is a year late is not really that exciting anymore it is - luckily there is always the will it blend. Anyway thanks for being total **** bags and lying all this time that the Zanos will be out before xmas - when you fully knew this would never happen. You suck dead goat's ass for that one. ⋯⋯ Now this is a more realistic delivery schedule. My problem is I will move and not able to receive my red zano by the time it is ready for delivery because of the delay. I messaged them and hopefully I will get a response soon. I have sent many messages to TG support and received ZERO response on another issue. I was requesting password reset on 'My Account', which was for forum access, for several weeks now, no mail from TG in my inbox and spam box, I messaged TG for help, no response. I am able to login the 'My Zano' account, however, but somehow, the two accounts do not share the same password. I used to be able to track my order status in 'My Zano' account, now TG moves the information to 'My account'. I have no idea why TG does not combining the two accounts into one, this is extremely confusing. I also notice that my account type in 'My Zano' is "standard". should we be a "backer" or "beta tester"? Or everyone is "standard" here? Having a Zano in hand is utterly useless without the iOS app to control it. It is just a paperweight at this stage, until the iOS app is released. Funny how their website forum goes down right before a negative update, I bet that wasn't planned at all!! I bet that has nothing to do with the forum being posted with negative comments These are 2 questions I posted to Reece in response to his recent Update #48 on Kickstarter. Since only backers can read the Updates, I'm posting it here in the general comments area as well since these concerns may also be of interest for non-backers. Reece, Your update omits at least 2 important questions: 1. If new additional pre-orders for black Zano's keep coming in obviously the current 7,165 unit backlog will increase; not only delaying the other colors further, but all North America and Australia black units as well. That has always been the illogic of TG's decision to ship pre-orders alongside backers. How do you plan to rectify this? 2. Which date group in your schedule will the North America and Australia ship for black, and each other color? Black will be in DEC White will be in FEB so...what if we backed for Family packs (like..2 W 2 B?) thanks for replying After your schcedule Update i Finaly know why this is called Kickstarter! It is because Startets ( backers ) feel KICKED here by companies like yours!! I'd like to echo @Fozza's comments. This update is appreciated even though the timeline is longer than I expected. This is a start-up going through teething problems but the team has consistently tried to address issues and is learning as they go, on that basis I hope to see greater app stability and unit reliability in parallel with a smother delivery process. Good news (for me) is that I'm getting closer to seeing my Zano Black all the time but will have longer to wait for my GID model. Keep us honestly informed Reece and I'll try my best to be patient.... ;-) Well Done TG for providing the News even though for many of us (I'm GiTD) its not great news. Honesty is by far and away the best policy even if it opens you up to criticism which this news undoubtedly will. Given that we are where we are all you can do is CONTINUE to work your asses off and make the final product as good as the pitch was. My expectation now is that if I am not getting this drone till Feb I want it to have. Recording to Memory Card Video Capture at a high quality (Better than a £75 china import!) Stable Hovering Throw to launch Gesture Flight Follow me GPS Nav Point Plotting Swarming Useful Obstacle avoidance Decent Flight Time It would need these features to still be current next year let alone a cutting edge device. Keep the faith, keep working hard, keep us informed. Fozza Limited edition red need to wait till next year? This is unacceptable. Why people paying more for a limited one get it last? Ha ha! First I thought, I will have my zano during my holidays in August. Ok, no problem, but sure I can film my sisters wedding in October. Not? Ok, then it's a neat christmas gift! Not, too? January? Ha ha! Torquing group really really teaches patience. Zano forum: "Due to a network hardware failure, we are restoring critical systems first. The forum will be restored as soon as possible." What a coincidence…. So let me get this straight, based on the update put out today. I was one of the earlier backers (2000ish) and changed my pledge from a black, to a more expensive camouflage zano, and because of this choice I have to wait a full 4 months longer than if I hadn't changed, and I'm getting it after people who weren't even a part of the KS campaign? That is hugely unacceptable to me. I feel like you've took a massive dump on me for deciding to spend more money on your product. I'd ask for my money back, but from what others have said there's no chance of that until February either. So if you pledged 1 black and 1 white, will they be shipped seperately or after the white units are completed? im backer # 185 in i ordered Black Zano. In update you sad that was shipped approximately 600 Black ZANOs. Is this means that ill get soon my Zano? and what about tracking number? Everyone should read the latest postings under update 25...I'm thinking mid to late 2016 now for US orders. @ZANO, backer #20 , when will you deliver my Black Zano? @Johnathan... Well put, I too expect the same Connection failure seems to persist... :( Thanks Wissel. Yes Doug. Ivan says "our main connection is down and we will swap to the backup asap. Just waiting on dns and other changes to propagate" The HPC is down as well, can't connect to the gallery. Is anyone else having a problem getting onto the forums at the moment? @Tom Already did been over 2 weeks waiting for a response.. @Dean. Why aren't you sending that response back via email then? Makes more sense than here. I would love to complain about the delay and lack of updates on when, we in the US will get our order but I know Kickstarter will just delete or block me. Such thin skin on both the Kickstarter folks and the people who launch a campaign. Yes I know I am sponsoring a company but that does not mean I should expect nothing for my contribution. Nor does it mean I can not pose critical comments or negative feedback. I paid my money and have a reasonable expectation to receive a Zano. For Christ sake just give me a refund now.....I don't want to wait until this thing arrives only to have to send it back to claim the refund.... (Which I was told in an email) I'm fed up with this company For Christ sake just give me a refund now.....I don't want to wait until this thing arrives only to have to send it back to claim the refund.... (Which I was told in an email) I'm fed up with this company Time to check in once again a week or so later for that refreshing kick in the nuts from the ZANO team. Still no Zano, still no mail about forthcoming Zano, but a bit of news about Zanos in the wild that don't fly too well. Come on boys get your knickers off your ankles, and get some real work done..... It's not quite clear from the last couple of updated ... Have the EARLY BIRD FIRST EDITION BLACK ZANOs *all* shipped in the UK, or are there still more to ship? Meanwhile september 2016, they almost finished to deliver the black zano, o wait is a KS proyect i can not complain. anyone got their Zano ? what is the experience ? is it as good as they mention ? Wooooooowwwwwwwww!!!! So this whole time no zano have shipped to usa?! You need new pcb boards? How come we are just now hearing about this..how come you didn't get them 2-3 months ago when it was suppose to ship. #All I got it the Newsletter where TG Team explain fulfillment process and more about Zano. I know we have to wait but we will receive shipping email confirmation. Right now it's approx 600 Zano shipped Ivan explain in the main forum I hope this help bye Good Idea the newsletter thanks TG Hi is there any communication about delivery having been made. I would like to be sure to know when to expect delivery. I am not particularly pressing for delivery but want to be sure that if despatched I know when to expect it. Many thanks Thanks for the latest update Ivan and I also look forward to getting a more frequent newsletter in due course. Having monitored the user forum (forum.flyzano.com) , I can see that you've all been rather busy over the last couple of weeks. That said, could you ask the team to include a more delivery focussed update as and when time permits. Thanks... When will I recieve my Zano? There is a lot of coms on reported errors, app updates - but no actual drone to fly When will I receive my Zano? Milan - Italy I will think positive by thinking that I will be getting my Zano October next year to avoid any disappointments. Oh dear this is getting more and more ridiculous - Thanks Zano for losing my faith in the entire kickstarter concept! :) @Tom, Whilst not true in all cases, Software issues can appear to be hardware issues. Not getting off the ground could be a software bug (and for the most part is). Picture/video quality, for the moment, is a software "feature" in that higher quality is not implemented. Batteries fall out, seems to be user error in not inserting it completely to begin with, Prop collisions, whilst a hardware problem, does have a solution if you set the zano up as per the instructions. I was under the impression that the hardware was done and it was the software that needed a bit of TLC still. I wasn't expecting hardware issues on delivery. I'll see how it goes when I get my white one next month (if goes to plan) and go from there. Why is everyone complaining about not receiving a Zano? Haven't you been reading the reports by the people who have received theirs? For most people, it doesn't get off the ground and if it does, the common complaints seems to be: battery falls out, propellers hit each other, it bangs into the wall, it stops working after it falls from the sky a few times, the picture/video quality is no very good, etc., etc. I think the shipping issue is the least of our problems. Let's all just be happy we haven't received this not-ready-for-prime-time delivery, hope TG gets their act together and what we eventually get is something worth waiting for. Can someone please tell me when do the backers from India will start receiving their Zanos. September 2nd week we were supposed to receive it and I have not received it yet. I am a little worried now. As said before multiple times: It's Kickstarter not a shop where you buy stuff of the shelves. It is likely that there are delays and it is likely that shipping is not scheduled as some expected a year ago. it's also likely that by the time a kickstarted project is shipping similar or equal gadgets are available for a similar price from established companies. And it's also likely that the shipped gadgets and software have issues and bugs. So I'm happy to wait a few month more in the hope to get a more mature product. I have been a support of this project throughout, always supported TG and still do. Think this is a great product, great design, great campaign. I think TG have done & continue to do a great job in general. However I would 100% agree with the other comments about pre-orders arriving before backers. I can understand how this is frustrating and not sure it was a great idea. However I also understand that due to the different colours used etc it would have been a logistical nightmare to ship all kick starters then all pre orders. So colour by colour makes sense, but I do think that TG should have ensured all the backers of a colour were sent first, then the pre orders and then moved onto the next colour, shipping in the same process. The only other thing I would say is that we here on Kickstarter should remember we did not pre-order this project. We Kickstarter it which is an entirely different thing (and something people on this website seem to forget (although I do concede it is just becoming a pre order website). We Kickstarted this project, by which we are providing money to a new company to launch an endeavour, creating a new product. This is very different from pre ordering something, which is essentially just buying it from a shop. We are providing money for all of their various costs, and they are providing us with a reward in turn. The T&Cs of Kickstarter are very clear. Keep up the good work TQ, looking forward to seeing some Zanos flying about soon. Peter @Robert Cooke - At the time the TG Zano was presented, KS released the funds (less the 15% KS fee) to TG within a few days after the Zano project was funded. That is how a crowdfunded start-up business gets the funds to develop a new product. BTW, this may have changed since KS became a public benefit corporation (PBC) in late September. Here's a link to the Zano CAD files if anyone wants them. There are four files, the Zano, top plastic, bottom plastic and a foot (new design plastics): <url>`ll arrive when it arrives. it`s a GIZMO!!! a BOYZ TOY!! Get a grip people anyone would think it was the end of the World! ......500 Samos sent no doubt most of pre-orders... This company is really starting to piss me off with all this bull Yeah fanboys go ahead and bash me but this really is beyond a joke I literally can't understand why people can't read a forum or their emails regarding how this is being shipped. anybody who has received his Zano yet? Or none shipped yet? Mmmm... & the typical complainer frenzy reaches fever pitch ... again bunch o whinging poms ;). Complaining about a delay 4 months? This is Kickstarter, honest, look at the top of the page. Some of the Kickstarter projects never ship at all, I know, I backed a few. That is the idea folks. I backed a project that is a year and a half behind. I accept that, its what it is all about. I do not mind waiting, but please do not give us unrealistic delivery schedule. There are only 8 weeks to early December. It will be an achievement if Torquing is able to delivery all 7,000+ black zano by that time consider only 500 units were delivered. Deliver all 16,000+ zanos by early December is an aggressive target which is impossible to achieve.. Torquing should seriously consider expanding their assembling/testing/shipping department. All I need now is my Zano! Great news. So let me get this straight... Since they began shipping Zanos a month ago they have only sent out 500 of them? This is going to be a long wait. Wow, disappointments around every curve Never mind the delay 4 months is very acceptable for a project this size. Delivering a good product is more important I'm not amongst the complainers So, I like many, have sat patiently for the news of Zano's to arrive, I accept a new venture for a small company will mean delays etc BUT almost 4 months after delivery was first expected I am sat here out of pocket and waiting for a white Zano with absolutely no real idea when (or whether) it will arrive...while I understand they maybe now made in batches I think it completely unacceptable that a UK Kickstarter backer should be behind in the queue compared to potential pre orders and ROW ones for ANY reason...I was hoping to have Zano for our summer holidays...it's looking increasingly likely I'll be lucky to be taking footage with it in the snow! Where's Reece gone BTW as the most recent updates seem to be coming from others Unknown...you need to give clearer ideas to your customers of what is going on... This user's account has been deleted. Perhaps it would have been prudent to ask which year this schedule applies to 2015 is doubtful at this time; Before the end of October All Black shipped Before the end of November All White shipped Before the end of November All GITD shipped Early December All Red and Camouflage shipped Today another Zano update came out. It might as well just read: Blah blah, blah blah blah, blah blah blah Blah blah, blah blah blah, blah blah blah Blah blah, blah blah blah, blah blah blah Blah blah, blah blah blah, blah blah blah Blah blah, blah blah blah, blah blah blah Blah blah, blah blah blah, blah blah blah Blah blah, blah blah blah, blah blah blah Blah blah, blah blah blah, blah blah blah Blah blah, blah blah blah, blah blah blah Blah blah, blah blah blah, blah blah blah - You suck so no ZANO for you, but we shipped out 500 imaginary ones, you just aren't on the list. Whatever boys, this is now officially a joke of a project. Hey guys, i got an email about delivery, I've replied a couple of times but got no response - not sure if my emails are getting to you How do I know when mine will be shipped? Still received no word, over 4 months late now.. absolutely don't care about google play. I want to know about the iOS app. If there isn't going to be one, I don't want this. Will someone please answer this! Kaleb... if you click 'Me' then 'backed projects' then the little blue circle with a cross it it will tell you there.... hope that helps How do I check if I had fill up fulfillment survey or not? I believe I had done the survey but never receive a confirmation email about it. This user's account has been deleted. Quite frankley i think weve been sold this product (sorry presented this product as to be sold something it should be in your possession) under false pretences. If it was stated all along that shipping would be phased then i think a lot of backers wouldn't have bothered. Whether your a small company or not, you should have taken this into consideration when the zano was placed on kickstarter and then saw how quick the zano became popular and acted upon it apart from leading us all on to believe we would get the zano back in august as stated!!! Given the volume of complaints, it does not seem too much to ask that a weekly status of shipping update be provided, including how many units have shipped, and to where. Providing your customers with some sense of status and progress is in your best interest as well as ours. It is the combination of delay and lack of communication that drives loss of confidence. While the delays may be a harder issue to correct, the lack of communication is an easy fix, and should be addressed immediately. @Kmg, They are shipping by colour and by region. Hardware differences mean all of 1 region needs to be complete before another region can be constricted. The purpose of shipping by colour is due to manufacturing restraints... So it depends on the lead time between manufacturing the hardware and actually shipping a complete zano. If the construction of the plastics is slower than the production of the hardware, then overlapping shipping may be possible... or if they simply have enough hardware produced due to the test rig issue. In their earlier post, they said they will ship by color instead of by region. So I assume they will sort the orders by color, finish one color then move to the next. They can of course start shipping white zano at the end of October when only 50% black zano are shipped, but it will slow down the packaging/shipping process and defeat the purpose of ship by color. Here's the actual post @KMG is referring to, i believe he has copied someones reply, or one from a different thread. <url>#p12799 @Adam Lindsay, please refer to Ivan's post on 30th Sept. In summary: Before the end of October All Black shipped Before the end of November All White shipped Before the end of November All GITD shipped Early December All Red and Camouflage shipped There are 5,000+ backers and 2,000+ pre-order for black zano. We only have ONE confirmed fulfillment on zano backer. Assuming all pre-orders are fulfilled. Torquing has 17 working days to ship 5,000 zanos, 294 a day in average. Although they promised 100% fulfillment in early December, but I am afraid their estimation is too optimistic I'm not complaining. I had a kickstarter project also and it is a lot harder than it seems. I just want to know what your best guess is so that I don't have unrealistic hopes. I am sure that you guys want to get this done as much as everyone wants to receive it! Thanks What everyone seems to have missed, the early bird and such are referring to the prices of the zano. Limited Zanos were put up with a cheaper price for those who got in early. Has nothing to do with delivery, they all said June... Good to hear that somebody got theirs so I guess you are shipping some. Please give us an update on the progress and schedule. @Gizmo, please do share your findings when you could. Thanks! I'm in the UK and had nothing at all, either. When do you think you will start shipping to the U.S.? A little surprised, ordered a Black, I got the earlybird, I'm in the Uk, my initial is AA and still not got anything : ( have I said anything to upset Ivan and the team??! @Gizmo @Gismo, i can't wait to see raw videos taken by the Zano's onboard camera ;) .. .. no need to show us a video of a flying Zano unless it demonstrate how the obstacle avoidance will be :) UK Backer #2084 got my Black L/E Zano today, also my over pledged batteries came st the same time. It is a little Beauty I have both android & iOS so can't wait to play with it Cheers to all at TG!! Why bother shipping them to people who don't want an inferior product and have no way of checking functionality on arrival by opening the box and testing???. Simply get a list of us who want our money back, refund them and cancel these orders and focus on the people who want theirs. This way, the poor people at the bottom of the list will get theirs sooner and you can focus on the new suckers... Military suppliers my ar** you guys couldn't organise a pi$$ up in a brewery... When I get my zano? This is Korea! update maybe? rip This user's account has been deleted. @Heiko, They are comparing torquing to other similar KS projects, which have been delayed by significantly longer than 4 months, even less communication, etc. @Heiko Vogt +1 I wonder what it would take for these people to define "an inferior job"? This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Well, I am also waiting patiently, what else should I do? But it's quite annoying, that every time, somebody criticizes this project, people come up explainig "they are doing a great job" How do you know? They have a delay from over 4 month, the app doesn't work and some pre-orders are delievered early then backers. So where is the great job you talk about comparing with the description of the project? @Gadget Junkie, I was just kidding about the other Drone, hence the smiley :-) This 1000-dillar Drone is also NOT shipping now, so who knows how long that takes if you pre-order one. I am also a patiently waiting backer, I fully agree with you and everyoner who still stands behind TG, they are doing a great job. Only setback is the fact pre-orders get their drone before backers. HEY, I did not received my zano. plz reply me: <email>. thanks a lot~ :) John J Bonus is back!!! Upset I suppose because he cannot yet go fly his Zano around the Whitehouse lawn............................... Rave on.......................................... Also... 1) If you are not able to deliver my product by the delivery date, I understand. No problem. I have been following your updates about the obstacles you've encountered with certification, etc. and a few more months won't make any difference to me. 2) A few people are complaining about (whatever), and posting links to other drones. I followed the last link to another drone someone posted, I (fake) pre-ordered that drone to find out the price. After shipping it was almost $1,000 dollars, and that thing is so enormous that I would never take it anywhere. It was water proof, which was cool, but for me, irrelevant. A $1000 dollars. Uff. How much did you guys pledge for your drones? The main selling points for this "NANO" Drone, were the small size, and the low cost, which it is great for a toy this size and all the features they are trying to pack in it. 3) Lastly, Kickstarter is not for everyone, and I can almost guarantee you that the few people complaining about, this drone being garbage, or getting the reward two months later, blah, blah. are the same ones that complain about every project they back, and they keep coming back. I sugest, stay away from Kickstarter, wait until the product comes out of your favorite retailer, and pay twice as much. Just a thought! I've been on the road. I'm not sure about the status of my Zano, but don't rush it guys. Take your time and work out all the bugs. :-) I'm a patient man. I still think this is an amazing toy for the price. I can't wait to play with it soon. Thanks! @john, i'm just kidding :) \m/ @john j bonus, are you drunk? :) On what happened that everyone would have theirs by October you're just a bunch of liars I was backer number 196 and I haven't received my Zano yet. If it had been sent a week ago then I could have filmed the St Albans sinkhole as I was the first photographer on the scene. Footage from your device could have been shown globally which would have been brilliant advertising for you but now it is too late. Zano deleted my count and I purchase the second one on the far as I'm concerned they're just a bunch of thieves . I'm going to the better business barrel !!!! They owe me One camouflage I backed in one I pre-ordered and now I can't even get on my own account to see what's up with that . You know we all gathered up gave her money to you and you haven't even really cooperated back to fill us in on nothing or anything you didn't deserve a freaking penny I really wanted my zano for my brothers wedding on oct 21. I backed a EARLY BIRD FIRST EDITION WHITE ZANO and Standard ZANO Carry Case. Now I get it after preorders and others who backed the black version... I really hope I get it before my brothers wedding, but now I don't believe so. I would say: this sucks... but it only makes me sad. I haven't receive any survey or the product. Can check? I have yet to receive any survey or the product. Can check? Same features in a way yeah but the quality is 100 times better also waterproof ^^ Look at this, same features, another pricerange :-) <url>#2084 Black L/E Zano, just got confirmation of shipping today. Also my over pledged batteries order shipping along side it. So hopefully good news for us Backers & more will get the same good news in the near future.. From the forum this morning Postby ivan » Mon Oct 05, 2015 8:42 am redsnapper wrote: Hi Ivan Thanks for your answers. How long will the beta testers be testing the app for? As now you have a few Zano's in the wild now with no way to fly them. Couldn't they use the app the Wissel has but only have free flight mode, as I can now see more moaning/complaining that people can't fly zano. Just an idea I haven't had mine or a notification that it's been sent so it's not a problem for me. Keep up the great work your doing. Regards Chris Hi Chris, Thank you for your post. Our plan was to let all users run with the free flight app that Wissel had however upon a few more people installing it and feedback from Wissel, we decided to suspend the use of that app due to some bugs that caused issues and potential loss of Zano's. It is difficult to manage, we have many users who would happily use that app and feedback any issues but we have many many users who have never flown anything and that app would potentially give them a bad experience of Zano which is exactly what we wish to avoid. We are still working hard to test and polish the last few aspects of that app, as we fixed the original issues, new issues arose due to the nature of the testing changing and feedback from other users on the latest app so it wasn't perfect as of last week but today all going well, it will be completed and signed off ready for release. Kind Regards, Ivan (and are testing/fixing them)* give you any feedback* sorry @John, it is too early in the life cycle of this product to determine if it is garbage... Also, as torquing have discovered potentially problematic bugs in the app (are are testing/fixing them), not enough people have played with this to give you and feedback. Wessel's accident would be one of the reasons that torquing has disabled the app for the moment, to determine if they can prevent such accidents for occurring for others. So is this thing garbage ? Starting to sound like it people are saying don't open it just return it ? Is this True ? @Ark'ay - No, I just have a beta version of the app without obstacle avoidance enabled. I was fully aware of this though so was my fault. That doesnt look good. Was obstacle avoidance on? As a lot of you know (from a few videos) I've been doing a little testing with the app before it's properly released (backer by the way). On Saturday I went out to try and get more video and think I may have killed my Zano :( Here's the video: <url>"Think"they can do soooooo much better.. And those asking for a refund .. Email TG and ask them. Im sure they would be willing to work something out and if they don't? Then call them out publicly.. Just go about it in an adult manner not like a 2 yr old throwing a tantrum.. As for me im willing to wait for my white and black one.. Why? Cause i rather wait and get something that was done right rather then get it when i want it and get some crappy ass paper weight.. Good things come to those that wait.. Hopefully... :0) This reminds me of Pebble - by the time it started shipping half the people no longer cared and the other half were so angry they tossed them in the drawer. So far this project has all the hallmarks of a great PR disaster. I too no longer care. I wanted it in the summer so I could play with it. Now I will be just happy to get it so it looks like a did not piss my money away on nothing. For those of you that having a meltdown over the delivery timeline think yourselves lucky you didn't back cst-01 「FlyZANO」 - <url>» Today, 10:44 Hi all, I am co-ordinating with some of the team here a live question and answer time aired directly through YouTube as a live broadcast. This will happen this week, later in the afternoon British time to allow as much of the backers around the world to participate. If you would like to participate, ask me questions directly, see a live demo etc. Please stay tuned. :-) Kind Regards, Ivan @Team Zano and Gizmo thanks for passing on the shipping info it is pretty clear whats happening and I for one am happy to now know the full plan, (being a white backer). Hopefully then by the time I get mine the software will have been perfected and ALL will be good. So just sit back and wait, which I don`t really mind so long as things are explained and they have been so I am happy. posted in last 4 minutes by Ivan on the forum. Good morning all, I have some answers regarding fulfilment etc. Please distribute this information. 1. UK/EU are all being shipped at the same time. 2. We have approx 5,000 black Zano's for UK/EU through Kickstarter. 3. We have approx 2,000 Black Zano's for UK/EU through pre-orders. 4. Both are being sent at the same time. The shipping team are working top down on both lists and trying to align destinations and order types for efficiency so we can catch up on lost time. 5. As promised, immediately after UK/EU we will start shipping Black Zano's to the US, Canada, Australia, New Zealand etc. 6. Before the end of october we aim to start shipping white Zano's. Initially to UK/EU then US, Canada, Australia, New Zealand etc. I am not sure of the numbers here but I believe it is about 30% of the volumes for black. 7. All white should have been shipped and received before the end of November. 8. During white Zano production, we will also handle the Glow in the Dark Zano's as they use the same boards. These should also be delivered before the end of November. 9. We will then be on red which should be fairly quick as it is a small batch. 10. Finally Camouflage. This one has to be last sorry, it uses the white plastics but has to be specially treated to get the camouflage effect. 11. As it stands, with current facts available, we aim and are on track to have ALL Zano's currently ordered through Kickstarter and pre-orders delivered by no later than early December worldwide. In total, that is 16,000 approx Zano's in 4 months. Regarding batteries etc. I am looking into options on that one so please bear with me. Regarding responses to emails. Hopefully you should all be seeing a flurry of email responses now. More staff have been allocated to that email account and are working hard to respond to everyone as quickly as possible. As always, any issues you have, please let me know. Kind Regards, Ivan On this link a pre order from the USA with number 5791 just to add to your calculations, however I am sure it is greater than this but I can't be bothered to go further back to find the numbers but think it was around 9,000. It would be nice if someone from TG could confirm the pre order number for us. <url>"Now, a backer suggested yesterday about a YouTube live broadcast where you can all tweet me questions in real time and I can answer anything and everything I can live. Would this be of interest? Perhaps even do a live walk through of the app, functionality, and what we have in the pipeline for improvements. Can you all let me know and on places like the Facebook Zano Owners club, could you find out if this would be of interest? I can probably set something up fairly quickly. (I don't use Facebook so don't remember my login :-) )" Seems like a good idea to me? @Hermann Renz. Sorry. I don't understand your message. This user's account has been deleted. @lostintallaght: I think it is not the question here how high a price is. It is the question how this offer can be made, with no material officially available on the market. So please can you tell us from where this material is ? You should be able to tell us. Thanks in advance for the info ! And, btw. I still got nothing ....... :-( anybody who has received his Zano yet? @sunny Lai, you need to contact torquing using <email> in order to change shipping details, if they can. They most likely need your KS email address at the minimum. anything more they will ask for. @ Ian G G Smith Thank you. Might i know how to change the delivery address if my order is not yet shipped. what's information need to be provide? @Gizmo - Russell has posted the link for you, as you have already acknowledged, I would have but was at work. The video shows it can fly which we already know, it looks like fun but they haven`t put the drone to any sort of practical use. As drone manufacturers for the military surely they must know that people backed this drone to be able to take photos and film things this has not been shown on any of their videos bit disappointing really. Come on Torquing you have built it show us what it is capable of doing, other than just buzz about. You are its creators so show us it doing something, tether it to a phone and follow someone, hover it and have someone cycle past it - ANYTHING! but have a point. All of your production videos were brilliant, structured and had points to share. I have a £20 Hubsan Q4 I bought a year ago that can fly about erratically. I think you may have misunderstood my last comments. I did not in any way blame TG for this gents greed & I also have said on here & the forum that I don't blame him for doing what he wants with what he paid for & received l, it's that I don't agree with him & even he admits that on the new thread that this will make him unpopular. However I totally put the blame on the Fulfilment team from TG for sending out a Zano to a pre order from the UK/EU before all Backers who have ordered a Black Zano receive theirs in the same area. As I think that is how Kickstarter normally works & most Backers would expect that. While I feel it's unfair for pre-orders to arrive before KS backers, it's equally unfair to blame TG for basic human greed in my opinion. The bloke on the TG forum said he wants to get RWC final tickets so he's going to try and sell his Zano for a profit. In turn he's going to get fleeced by whoever decides to sell their tickets to him - I'm hoping that he gets royally shafted for them to be honest. IMO, anyone that is stupid enough to pay the seller's price probably has more money than sense. @Londoner abroad I totally agree with you & if you see my comments on here from yesterday you will see that I put a link of his on the forum telling us about his receiving it & mentioning he might sell it. He has gone further now by putting on a new thread confirming he is attempting to sell it to see if he can make a quick profit!!� This is hardly the Kickstarter ethos & to put it bluntly it's a kick in the crotch to every Backer. TG fulfilment team have made a rather large blunder with doing this. A pre-order black ZANO for sale on ebay today before I even have even received a delivery date for a 'white' Limited Edition zano bought and paid for as part of the original kickstarter offer in 2014 - how does that work TG? Not a nice feeling when one has been patient and accommodating to the kickstarter process! <url>`t crash so that's a bonus too. My only criticism with the video is that it didn`t have a point. It would be nice if you started the video with a mission for example to photograph a stationary vehicle for example from the air then task the zano to do it and return to base. To me that would be a worthwhile video to see you guys actually task it to do a mission. I am not bashing you guys and appreciate your working to get these babies to us but in the mean time as you have access to them it would be great if you could show us how it is done. @Michael Because only the beta app is released witch only alows manual flight. Yesterday the real app was released so videos with more functions should become available as more more user provide reviews. A second update of the app is planned in a couple of weeks witch will enable all promised features. Look for the version update to see witch functions are available at this stage It seems pre orders are being sold on eBay before backers who made it all possible get their rewards. Not really fair. Zano is autonomous... Yes ?? It's supposed to hold position even in high winds yes ? Can it follow the user.. Set different angles, follow, lead etc... All while avoiding obstacles such as trees.. Yes ? SO .. Why am I only seeing it being controlled manually ??? A $25 drone can do that. @unseen giraffe I emailed about a refund but was told at this stage you have to receive the zano and then send it back unopened to get your money back which would either India cate there all in transit and can't do the refund or They are doing a Pandora's box trick on is and using curiosity on us either way it will no doubt work and I'll end up keeping the dam thing I like the new Vedio update, looks promising!! But life's a Bi..ch a pre order got it before everyone. The app is live in the store since yesterday evening in case you missed it. Try to install it to see if there are problems with your device. If you're not on the forums just to let you know that a UK Pre order number 103 has received his Black Zano, lucky guy. link <url>#p12265 I would love to see an extended piece of Zano filmed content (audio and video) from one of the backers who has received their unit. Anyone? I am two red ZANO owner. Please, be so kind and send me delivery date to CZECH REPUBLIC. Thank You Henryk that water proof is only IP67, meaning up to 1m for limited amounts of time. @Woofer heh wouldnt surprise me I just emailed them now to get the refund issued sadly, but on the up side I am going for the Lily ^_^ waterproof toss in the air start follow 1080p with slow mo 60fps ....very happy ! @Dean, maybe they used Hubsan X4 .. LoL Lmao the flying + video quality is laughable For the original video on kickstarter did they use a different drone ? They are noisy little buggers aren't they. @Capella, hardware is complete though they are still tweaking props to get more flying time. Software is not so if you want to delay your "initial delivery until the initial specification had been met," they have addressed this. When you get your Zano, don't register it until the software meets the initial specifications and then when you do register it, you start the clock on your 12-month of free software updates (excluding bug fixes which are free forever) as promised in campaign. I, for one, won't be waiting. @ Martin - It's about expectation management and the way that the company portrayed who they were and what they could deliver during the funding round... it's not a product discussion but a pure investor relations discussion.. Now that they are delivering to pre-orders before some of the original investors receive their return on the initial investment, further erodes investor confidence and therefore the belief in the company scruples to actually deliver the base set of rewards (specifications) to the investors as originally set out during funding... In my experience, a lack of scruples and over marketing also tends to lead to pretty rubbish tech and short product shelf-life, which in this case will mean that I will never actually receive an "Autonomous. Intelligent. Swarming. Nano Drone" which is the concept I backed as an investor, and thus the noise around the project... Projects of this nature almost always over-run, as an investor, I would feel a lot more comfortable in supporting and even re-investing if they: 1. Delayed the initial delivery until the initial specification had been met. 2. Provided clear and concise project communications to investors. This is not a new company looking for backing on Kickstarter, this is a company that was apparently started in 1999! These concepts should not therefore be new to them, which further makes me doubt the information I had to hand in making the investment decision when my expectations were set… The landing on the kitchen floor was slightly concerning!!! anyone received their Zano yet ? just wonder any different between Zano and those toy grade quad like hubsan X4 ......for video from <url>"selfie drone" and I think the reality this is exactly what it is. It will be a fun toy but expecting more out of a tiny drone maybe our fault not theres. Though the first video definitely set the bar way high. My real concern is long term I want this product to succeed and thrive, otherwise there will be no updates and I am not sure what the market for a "selfie" drone really is. I just hope the Finished Zano is much better then the Beta shown,, have/ had great expectations for this, especially around the expertise in the Zano team and also the buzz during the project, time will tell. Like many others I suspect; I made my pledge on the back of the glossy video featuring a prototype operated by an iphone flying around cliff tops etc with claims of 10 - 15 minute fly time. The whole hype surrounding this product presented it as fait accomplis, and just needing the dosh to get it into production. I note too that Kickstarter have subsequently changed their rules about what can be presented to potential investors (i.e. future prospects not being allowed to present something that will dupe anyone into thinking that they are investing in a finished project). For me at least neither Torquing or Kickstarter are looking that good on this, particularly when you consider the disappointed potential pool of future new investors for this and other ventures from at the time most subscribed project yet. Both the lack of contrition shown for the project over run and no real video demonstrating any thing close to the performance promised in the marketing (plus the dreadful noise of the thing) have left me feeling like a I've been scammed A quick video of my Zano flying in my kitchen last night for anyone interested. Please remember I only have a beta of the app without any features like obstacle avoid etc functioning. Think it will be good once the proper app is available :) <url>» Tue Sep 22, 2015 1:57 pm Hi all, Unless I missed something, looks like all the questions are regarding shipping. I believe that they have already started shipping. Now onto the app, we are not quite ready with the app so are hoping that will be completed today and then we will spend time testing it thoroughly before finally releasing it to all you lovely people which is when the fun will begin. The various phones, versions of the OS, environments (knowing software development, even the mood of the phone) will have an impact so we will be ready and waiting for comments, issues, thoughts, improvements etc and will be updating and improving the entire system from there. I noticed some niggles in the app myself and some new options needed to be added. Somethings that we had not expected (flying in a small white room) gave the obstacle avoidance system much stronger reflections that expected so Zano tried to avoid the walls that were not an issue. As such, we are adding an option for you to enable or disable various aspects of obstacle avoidance and to set the sensitivity to your requirements. Things like that. Anyway, not long now. Kind Regards, Ivan PS PeterR, LOL. Thank you for your post. Made me chuckle. @J. R. Goes I was fully aware the app I was getting was a beta and not the software being released, so it was my choice. The proper app is just being tweaked for release (and I can't wait to get it). By the way, I got bored this morning and took my little drone apart. I videoed it for anyone interested in seeing Zano without it's plastics: <url>"Autonomous. Intelligent. Swarming. Nano Drone"? Guys please remember I am using an early beta version of the app with almost all features switched off. Plus I have next to no flying experience with any drone and it was windy. I'd hate you to judge Zano on that video and app. I spoke to Torquing yesterday and was told the proper app is just being fine tuned - can't wait for this as it may even make my piloting skills look acceptable :) I'll try a higher res video, but as @lostintallaght says, the SD card won't be working until version 1.1. I suspect that's when we will see good video. Wissell mentioned that this video was recorded at 480p/13fps. From looking at his app video that is the 'Moderate' setting. There is still 'Good' and 'Beautiful' settings after that so I'd expect that the Zano can produce better video right now if it's pushed. Also, the GPS isn't enabled in his version of the app so flight should stabilise over time. I'm waiting to see what the video recorded to the SD card is like before I get too worried. That will come in ver 1.1 of the app according to Torquing. @Dean, you would need to email <email> regarding this. How do you cancel a get refunded?? Wissel Thanks for the video, it is disappointing compared to what was announced by Tourquing. Very loud noise, the camera shoots precariously same page here Piper.. wish I had held out for one of these: <url>"pro" drones, but obviously it's small size and being a first generation product it doesn't look like it will be able to match those claims. $300 is comparatively cheap for a toy drone. It's roughly similar to a Parrot AR drone but smaller which also retails for 300 bucks. So it's hard to complain that you are getting ripped off when it's actually the right price point for it's feature set. The problem is how soon can Torquing survive with a hobbyist drone when the premium product is advancing so quickly. I have a half dozen friends posting amazing DJI footage in 1080p with silky smooth motion seemingly all the time on facebook. Entry level DJI's cost $500 plus a GoPro, so sorta wishing I had saved a little more and just bought one of those. The hobbyist segment is also getting flooded everyday with cheapo drones from no name Chinese companies, so I don't envy the job Ivan and team have a head of them. Torquing group is going to have a really hard time making this a truly compelling product. I still look forward to my Zano and sure it will be fun to fly, but am starting to doubt that it will be the "pro" drone that fits in my hand. Seeing that video and then revisiting the tag line ZANO - Autonomous. Intelligent. Swarming. Nano Drone.... I hope the development team are as good as the marketing team, but when Ivan, the tech lead was a commercial lawyer, then a self taught coder, now head of technology, I do have my doubts... that is all I can say until I receive mine... Wissel, thanks for posting. I understand the limitations you were dealing with. Looking at the flight objectively, I have my concerns. There is so much drift in the Zano that I speculate that it will have trouble staying focused on point. It is particularly troubling that Torquing Group has not released any outdoor footage of any consequence or any video shot by the Zano in flight, mirroring what others have observed in the past. And the silence from the creators has been deafening. I hope I am wrong, but I don't have a good feeling about this. I have stayed on the sidelines, waiting patiently, but...for this? thanks. looked decent to me�� No idea yet @T Kap It was getting dark and I just wanted to get some footage online as a few people were waiting for it. I can tell you that this will be the worst footage ever seen from a Zano as GPs etc are not activated in my version of the app. Pretty sure there's no stabilising as well (I have a beta version, not the public version). I know this app is still being tweaked which is why it's not released yet. Lot of fun to fly though :) cool! how high can this fly? Okay, a Zano flying outside and footage from a flying Zano. <url>» Mon Sep 21, 2015 1:20 pm A quick video of the app as promised. It's not very good as I feel terrible today and haven't slept but I said I would get it up so have. <url>"hiding" behind the internet... it would give us a lot more confidence.. My point is, a photo of a "finished" (not prototype) does not give me any confidence that the drones can do what was said in the video that they could do when calling for cash... If the drones are done... make a video of one following a mountain biker down a trail... or even around the empty warehouse... to date I have seen nothing that gives me confidence that the drone can do what you guys said it would do.. I have seen no evidence of technology other than what I can pick up in a £20 piece of kit... IF THEY ARE FINISHED, SHOW US A VIDEO OF THEM DOING WHAT THEY DID IN THE PROMO VIDEO.... @Capella, Only one of the photos on the post i linked was the prototype, the rest are current production zanos. This is what I found on rippoff report: <url>"prototypes" are, as far as I am concerned, a million miles away from what was depicted here: <url>"owner" of the Zano product who said that they had done loads of military work in the past... I can't believe that the whole group has now ended it's military contracts to focus on Zano... 2. I was asking for a response from Torquing Group, do you work for Torquing Group or any of it's affiliated entities? If so, please clearly state so.. Thanks see this post for photos of the prototype <url>… and I quote: “Don't use photorealistic renderings. Technical drawings, CAD models, and sketches are awesome and encouraged, but photorealistic renderings that someone might mistake for a finished product are prohibited.” In response to this post, I request that Torquing Group answer: 1. Was the video in the marketing material a working prototype? 2. Give a specific list of features that Zano will be delivering in their initial delivery. 3. Please explain why the main group’s website is now “under construction” after initially having looked like this which was half the reason I backed the project: <url>… Failing a satisfying answer, I will be approaching kickstarter and request an investigation into whether or not the Zano campaign was in breach of Kickstarter rules. @Weissel.. Look forward to your vid. Really appreciated your Zano tour, nice one Lmao, I'm sure it was all light hearted!! : ) @Wissel, looking forward to seeing your maiden voyage! @Haiyan, joke's on everyone as we all know Haiyan is a dude's name!!! Any shipping schedule confirmed? @haiyan... Big lesson learnt there. Never provide your place of residence on open chat. @Haiyan if that profile pic is of you, I can volunteer to hand deliver it to you!!! ��� lol @Haiyan, send email to '<email>' see you in LA :) To whom it may concern, Hi, this is Haiyan Zhao who has ordered a ZANO previously. I've sent your team an email for asking the shipping status, but I haven't got any feedback from you. I was waiting for your shipping in Beijing, which is the original address I've given to you, this entire summer, but I haven't got it. I am going back to Los Angeles tomorrow and no longer stay in Beijing, so I need to confirm that you have changed my address to: Margan Apartments 885 Levering Ave Apt 703 LA, CA90024. I need your reply as soon as possible, cuz I am going back to America tomorrow from China. Thank you! Best, Haiyan Zhao @Wissel thank you for sharing the experience. Thanks to TG for this also. cant wait till I receive my Zanos I'm hoping to get proper flight footage of both my Zano flying and video/photos from my Zano uploaded tomorrow. The weather here is looking bad in the morning (Cornwall, UK) so I'll get a video of the app registration process filmed and uploaded first, then hopefully the weather will be okay and I'll pop outside to get some filming done. I'm going to film my very first flight so lets hope I don't mess up :) Might be in the evening when my missus is back from work and can video for me, I'll post here once any videos are uploaded to YouTube. @Jel, at the moment he is busy with work, but i believe he plans to record his first flight and potentially many other aspects one he gets home again. @Wissel, amazing update - thanks for providing to the rest of use anxious backers! If you're willing, would you be able to provide a detailed update of your experiences with your personal Zano? In particular, I'm thinking of outdoor use and video quality... Would be mighty righteous of you to review for the rest of us! @Wissel enjoyed your Torquing visit write up thanks for taking the time to write it and post it for us. Also to Torquing for allowing it to go ahead. Any date when you will ship to USA? @Wissel, You're the best.!!! It's just a write up of my visit to Torquing but I thought I'd post a link here in case anyone's interested: <url>#p11728 ----------------------------------------------------------------------- Hi Zano, Thank you for your post. If I could expand just a little bit for you on the issue at hand. UK/EU have the local radio on Zano running at 868Mhz, North America has this running at 915MHz. Both Zanos have physical differences (antenna, tuning parts and serial number) The serial number contains region specific information so that the Zano OS can adjust the software tuning of the local radio for the specific region. So colour and region have to be produced in batches simply for sake of production. We do a run of black for EU/UK, then black for Canada and USA (both have physical differences so are different physical production run so it actually exactly the same issue as colour production runs. What makes it just as complicated is that the serial numbers are all unique obviously but encode information about each Zano so we can't even use used chips in other runs that they were not intended for. Does that help explain why it is being done the way it is? Not our favourite method either but actually unavoidable logistically without huge cost. Kind Regards, Ivan Look at the delays for the original pebble watch. Scaling is obviously an issue for tech kickstarter projects. To add a point. I think Apple have recently delayed the deployment of the latest Apple watch software last minute as they found a bug. The more advanced the tech the more things there are to go wrong. That's how I see it anyway! @Derek Payne. This is really not beyond ridiculous in terms of time frames. Generally speaking, manufacturing delays, testing problems and software refinement are pretty standard things to come up and slow down a project like this. Usually the 'customer' would never know. The fact that these issues are made more public as its a kickstarter campaign seem to make people think that it's the first time anything has ever been delayed. Im sure there is a contact email on the forums to speak to them directly regarding a refund. I can't seem to find it at the moment... They posted a shipping shedule once UK - Beginning week of the 10th August Europe - Beginning week of the 17th August APAC/North America - Beginning week of the 24th August Rest of the world - Beginning first week of September This was all colors based 'by location'. They changed to 'by color'. But as this is the shedule you can think it will be this more or less Black - Beginning week of the 21th September (Starting on a friday seems weird) White - Beginning week of the 28th September Other Colors - Beginning week of the 5th October Camo - Unknown Now all certificates are in I would say there is no delay for US or Canada. They have already said they are having to manufacture by colour and are starting with the blacks and despatching them along with ore-orders for that colour in pledge order priority being pledges first. Now the US certifications have been granted they are no doubt on their way. 12000 units to ship they needed a plan and have one people just need to be patient. If you ordered cam then very patient. I ordered a white one so am waiting to that's life at least it is in the pipeline. This project has been beyond ridiculous. How do we go about issuing a refund? This is unacceptable. @gizmo, i don't believe they are waiting till orders are delivered before making the next batch, just them being created. @ Derek Morton, I'm not sure when they start shipping to the U.S. But the UK shipping for the Black Zano is due to start on the 18th for both backers & pre orders, then they roll the Black out to the EU & again for both backers & pre orders & so on to all destinations. Then I believe when all the Blacks are delivered they start the process once more with White Zanos. Then Red & GITD & Camo is last So when does US shipping begin? On the 18th? I looked on the forum but was unable to find this woofer about 7 hours ago How to verify if our address in TG's database is correct or if we want to change? That so called chineese knock off is not really like the Zano as it is a purely free-flight only drone with a camera. How to verify if our address in TG's database is correct or if we want to change? @Abdul if they input the addresses and post/zip codes into a delivery data Base and it cannot identify where the item is supposed to go then I dare say it will go back to Torquing who will have to get the recipient to confirm their details. If you have an internationally recognised address and have input and checked your details you should have nothing to be concerned about. Abdul, the latest update from the creator yesterday covers this <url>Евгений Пак Why is it the camera quality of this Chinese Knock off is on par with the Zano (from pics and previews) Chinese copy <url>"whingeing" is, do you mean "whining"? Secondly, my point is that at the least a US black should be in line ahead of a different region's pre-order black, and properly all "backers" should be fulfilled before "pre-orders." As I pointed out many posts ago, I was quite happy with the way the delivery schedule seemed to be shaping up, and was anticipating delivery as late as November, it is just now with this pre-order thing that it rankles. What difference does it make? Well, Hillary, at this point it does make a difference. It indicates that the developer did not bother to plan for fulfilling backers before pre-orders, according the backers a lower status that they deserve. The difference is that backers committed money before the project was completed, the pre-orders did not and purchased with the understanding that they would get their orders after the backers were fulfilled. The difference is simply that there is a difference between "backer" and "pre-order." How to check when can I get my order? Lol, some people don't realise that the pre-orders don't have a set amount of unit, so if pre orders for black is coming in then who knows what the waiting time is, so a beg to differ that pre order black going out does not make a difference of course it does, not that I care because I ordered a Black also live in the UK!!! But it would be nice to know roughly how long the wait is in my opinion! Really looking forward to receiving mine! I have a LE red and I know it will be some time before I get it, but I'm completely fine with it. It's been said before and it will be said again, Kickstarter simply isn't like Amazon or an online shop. There have been minimal delays, I have been waiting for nearly 1 year 8 months for a other product, so in comparison this project is brilliant. Also on a side note, people shouldn't worry about preorders, I can't imagine there will be vast numbers to start with and it makes perfect sense for them to ship the way they are doing. At the end of the day Jim what earthly difference does it make to you or any of us for that matter? It makes sense if you have to make the units by colour to get rid of them regardless of whether they are going to backers or pre-orders. Get rid of the blacks then the next colour and so on until all who pledged and ordered have been fulfilled. The true irony is that people are whingeing about a date that they haven't been given yet. I pledged for a white, seems now I will have to wait for a bit longer then so be it, hopefully by the time I get mine any unforseen problems experienced by the black users will have been addressed, should there prove to be any. For now I shall just sit back and chill out and wait. I was satisfied, as I indicated many posts ago, with waiting until all of the necessary testing was performed and as many bugs shaken out as possible. As a US backer I was even anticipating my reward to be delayed while a region by region fulfillment was performed. But standing in line behind pre-orders really raises my hackles. I don't care if the logistics are an issue, because of the way and order in which money was received, KS backers, no matter what color or region, should receive their rewards first because they were willing to invest in a product being developed. I don't care if the logistics are an issue, the developer could and should have planned for it. And I don't care if logistics are an issue. @Ian, there was a post in the forums asking for the ability to do that :P Tigertai Best of luck for your wedding mate. : ) @Russell couldn`t help it just made me chuckle. Had a vision of them flying it upside down 2" above the lawn like a hover mower! Yea alright sorry Tiger happy Wedding Day! @Ian, i assume (and read it) as wedding @Tigertai why do you need a Zano to do gardening? Tomorrow will be my weeding and i still not got ZANO yet.... Not sure why some backers get there knickers all twisted when a genuine question is asked, we all have every right to ask questions and get answers from the creators! I don't think not even once have I been negative about the creators or the Zano! So I'm sure as a backer I have a right to ask a question without getting shot at by my so called backers! Have a great night. +1@Rudy well said Why is most so concerned about how many backers and preorders in each country/region? Does it help if u know? They haven't ship it out and ppl complain, they begun shipping and telling you who and how they are gonna do it, ppl also conplain. Please think, some campaign do not even tell if they ship to preorders too. And are you running the business or producing the zanos? Are you the one testing each and every one of them? Are you storing hundreds of them? If you don't then you don't know what are they dealing with. Problems and situations arises unplanned and thus delays, that's expected. You backed knowing the risk and trusting that they deliver, so just trust that they know what they are doing. I'm sure they want the product to be like how they advertised it to be too. Now where's the £2.3 millions, keep defending �� It sounds like no has any other type of drone to fly in the meantime, I have several so I can wait for mine, I just wanted a good fun flying experience. I can wait , I was backer 486 until I changed color from back to Red then it listed me at 2,000 something. So I been waiting a long time with no gripes, just want the best new futures, which without our funding it wouldn't of happened. Check out the new link to the support page of the Zano website for the user manual.. <url>"Cheated"? No we are not "cheated". If you deliver to pre-order customers before KS backers then KS bakers are badly cheated and should be allowed to opt out with granting refunds. Please ask each backer if he still wants to support TQ. Technically I can understand and accept the delay and trust TQ's effort to deliver what was promised. <url>"After flying around for 5 minutes he was forced to land to charge the batteries" and not only that he managed to crash it into a wall oO @Timothy, if you look over at their community area (AKA, the forum) you will see there is still lots of people who are interacting with the developers and as yet, nothing which is similar to what Torquing is aiming to achieve on the market. OK... I'm really bored with this. It has been so long I can't even remember what (or why) I ordered (or backed?) . Pretty sure it was long enough ago that whatever technology edge it appeared to have, is gone. Excuses, excuses, excuses. My bet is finding Kickstarter is the only success this group will have. +1 @Ian G G Smith, well said. So when will the white Zano start to delivery? Of course, neither of us @ian, have added in the complexity of different hardware requirements per region, that must be produced. @Ian, I doubt that people are wanting hardware that is produce to just sit on the shelf... What people are wanting is that the hardware is not even produce so that hardware can go towards the other backer rewards. If for efficiency purposes, Zano must be made in batches of 1000 or 2000 say, and the Zano hardware can not be used for other colour backers (circuit board colour not being correct) then order as many batches of 1000 that cover all backer rewards and use the remaining of the batch for pre-order - if the hardware (minus shell) can not be used for other shell colours. So, taking your example of 3500 backers for black... Ordering 2 or 4 batches of zano, which would result in 4000 zano - not the 5000 zano required with pre-order. Send out the 3.5K Zano to backers and the remaining 500 to the first 500 pre-orders. Storing 500 black shells, vs storing 500 complete zano shouldn't be as problematic if hardware ca n be reused... Dammed if you do, dammed if you don't. I really cannot see why people have a problem with delivering pre-orders alongside pledge rewards. If they have to for example make 5000 black Zano to cover the rewards and pre-orders, 3500 for the sake of argument being rewards would it make sense to sit on the remaining already produced 1500 pre-orders whilst the remaining colours were produced. I think their approach to fulfillment of rewards and pre-orders is a sensible and logical solution. Obviously they have moulding that is best used by creating parts one colour at a time hence the production by colours. I backed for a white one so will have to wait a while longer, such is life. I do not fret though that someone who has ordered a black one but is not a backer is going to get theirs before me, it is just they way it goes. They needed a system of fulfillment and I think have chosen the best solution. I say thanks for the update good luck with production and future projects, I have enjoyed your campaign and following your progress on Kickstarter, I will of course be joining Zano forums once I have mine. Best wishes to you at Torquing I hope the negativity sometimes directed at you doesn't put you off any future projects. I agree with Aziz. Yes, please tell us how many zano's were KS backed in each country, then advise us how many zano's were pre-ordered in each country. Torquing Group should allow all local backers and pre-orders to come and pick them up rather than shipping so that would cut down on the delays. I was promised by KS the delivery of my Zano in the USA would be June 2015. We are now September and it looks like 2016 will be when I will get my Zano as is the rest of the USA and Canada. Request Torquing Group honor the free updates but guarantee same for free for 2 years in lieu of the 1 year from commitment date. Would you be able to let the backers know the breakdown how many black Zano and the numbers in each country! Then at least we can have an idea how long it will take for shipping! Thanks It is releasing the pre sale because is afraid process in justiçao after all was a sale are protected by law .. Backers were at the mercy of the goodwill of the Tourquing shipping pre-orders before all kickstarter pledges are out is indeed a bit disappointing. I understand why they did it but I also understand everybody here who feels like they've' been pushed back in line. To soften the blow. Remember that you have at least a 40pound discount compared to the pre-order guys. This user's account has been deleted. Shipping pre-orders before all backers fulfilled is breaking the Kickstarter pledge you made. You're fulfillment plan is fine with me. You know your business better than anyone. You are making a big mistake if you don't complete backers shipments first before pre orders. I don't care how efficient it might be, The promise of the backing was we would get first deliveries. We took a chance on you, the reward was supposed to be first deliveries. We get one before anybody else. Why else would we risk our money? I could have just waited to make sure it worked and was successful if I knew I would just be shoved to the back of the line. Don't do this. You will lose me and others as future backers. TOTALLY DISAPPOINTED. Regarding the 12 months of free updates here is a quote from Ivan on the forum “Free update period is 12 months from time of registration. All OS updates and bug fixes will always be free. That includes GPS mode improvements, power saving modes etc. The updates that will be paid for after 12 months are like mini apps for your Zano. To add special capability. They will always be nominal charge, probably $1USD will be a common price. (£0.60)” For me it is clear, second time I am on KS, It's the last time !!!! Same question for the Beta program, what's up? Hmm I would worry abut supporting Per-orders.. Refunds with shipping costs if users are not happy.. As a backer some teething issues are expected.. I Just wonder how many testers These have been so far as there are 1000's of combination's of phones, software and firmware. Lets hope its all wonderful, But this would not have happed on pre-orders of a website! Where is the reward for the risk of backing? This user's account has been deleted. I don't think that storing thousands of Zano's would have been the only way of achieving the backer-first deployment. They could have done the same color-based rollout plan, but without including the pre-orders...very much in the realm of reasonable, unlike the idea of shelving units in a warehouse needlessly. I certainly agree that additionally trying to target getting them out the door in order of backer number would absolutely not be reasonable, but including pre-orders in with the color-batched initial production of units for backers was probably much more just an opportunity to further increase efficiency of the operation as a whole. That being said, I am far from excited about the idea of a pre-order customer getting their Zano and posting videos before I've recieved mine, but for the sake of Zano's continued success, I personally have no objection to it, so long as the resulting delay of me actually having my red Zano in my hand is relatively short and minimal. Heck, the more Zano's in the field for the first few months, the more feedback they will get to drive improvements. The one concern I have is on the side of the application and functionality. Everyone should be in agreement that the functionality upon which the KS project was advertised has been achieved and is solid before the 12 month period of free updates begins. If it is, awesome. ... If not, then perhaps the guys at Zano should take some of the savings they got from combining pre-order production with backer production and across the board make KickStarter backers period of free app/functionality updates 24 months instead of 12. That might clean out the 'bad taste' out of folks mouths that they have been referring to. Right so let me get this straight you all want TG to store hundreds if not thousands of (fully working) Zano’s and possible be forced to hire somewhere to store all the pre-ordered Zano’s until they have delivered all 12,000+ backer Zano’s? You also want them to deliver in backer order which I assume would mean recalibrating the testing process for every single Zano for each country 1 by 1 as they have been purchased from all over the world and require (by law) different settings to comply with local standards, this would mean it would probably take over 6 months to deliver all the Zano’s instead of the 2-3 months they are talking about. That all sounds really sensible to me (bang head here) I agree with many here that are disappointed because those who preorder will receive their Zano before backers. It's a bad taste. Another bad taste is, that those who got their Zano now, will only receive a Zano with reduced functions and not the functions that are mentioned in the Kampagne, where the money is given for. And the last bad taste is, that these people have to register their Zano and start their one year countdown from free updates, also then the product isn't fully functional. I think it would be fair, that you allow register now (for those who got their Zano) and start the countdown when the firmware is finished fully, with all the functions the customers paid for. I agree with everyone else as I have backed a Red Zano and now preorder customers will be getting one before me after I gave my hard earned money to support this undertaking. If this is the case, switch my order to a black one so I can get mine before preorder customers because this is not fair at all. I am quite disappointed now! I agree this is a very poor way to treat the kickstarter backers as without them the Zano would not be produced. If we were told what would happen with the shipping schedule at the beginning of the campaign I & I am sure many others would have not backed one of the limited edition colours & would have chosen black instead. I am an early kickstarter backer for a GITD & I told a friend about the Zano & he pre ordered a black many months later, now he will be getting his black Zano moths before I will. Hardly fair guys!! Luckily I ordered a black one, otherwise I would be realy dissapointed.. Same issue, that Justin mentioned before. Let's see how long the black zano order to Germany will take... Zano Team, Wow...shipping to pre-orders before Kickstarter backers regardless of color is in poor taste and and looks bad for future potential fund raising campaigns. If I could I'd rescind my contribution to your campaign based on this decision. I understand logistically why you've made this decision but it leaves me an unfavorable impression of your efforts and future efforts. Just disappointing. Regards, Justin So the items that’s shipped, what is is that it can and can't do? So one can only hope they get the packing down to a science. That was slow. @RL as this post of the forum shows (<url>#p11110) copied at the end of this comment, all OS updates are free, They have stated that there is a 1 year free update period... not that all updates are not free. --------------------------------------------------------- Hi Chris, Thank you for your post. Free update period is 12 months from time of registration. All OS updates and bug fixes will always be free. That includes GPS mode improvements, power saving modes etc. The updates that will be paid for after 12 months are like mini apps for your Zano. To add special capability. They will always be nominal charge, probably $1USD will be a common price. (£0.60) Does that make sense? Kind Regards, Ivan I dont know where can I get the product. Any backers in APAC area received it? So we could totally break the record for most drones ever in one place: all Zano owners meet in London or somewhere. Anyone that could make it. Swarming perhaps. Plus it would be a massive publicity stunt for Zano. I'm game. But then I do live in London. I need to change my address for the Zano delivery, how would I go about doing this please? @Russell Peake, the Free Updates only for one year @guy,that may be the same for me, however i believe i'm in the opposite hemisphere... :P i just ordered GITD which is probably further along the production line. :D so it's looking like I'll get mine just in time for it to be too cold to go outside and play with it :-( So 8 zano's delivered. Where are the reviews :-) Would be interested to know who are the lucky ones getting the delivery?? @RL I doubt any company is going to guarantee that something will work perfectly within a year, or any time frame. As far as i know, ZANO OS updates will always be free. How can i cancel my backing and get my money back. I don't want this thing anymore. @Zano Team, i know you guarantee the warranty and free updates will be available for 1 year from the time we registered, but will you guarantee all the functions you promised will work perfectly within a year? @John, the first batch last friday. Go stalk your mailman :-) when will the Zanos start to ship? To all guys who ask why they ship when it is not able to do what it was told: I believe this is because they are confident that the hardware on the zano are more than enough and since it's in production, they cant change the hardwares on it. And I believe the prob lies with the software, and as shipping takes time, and that all updates to software would be available via the Hpc/ app, it would make sense while they ship to all of us eager backers woke they update and tune the firmware. They already said that if you want to wait till the software is up and ready, you can do so by not registering ur device. And the warranty and free updates will be available for 1 year from the time you register. Hope this helps. Critical information or milestones is being duplicated here, however, On going status updates and information is not being duplicated here as there is just too much and not much of it can be posted in the format that KS offers (eg: updates or comments) @CaffeineJunky I agree with your statement but until then I expect the info to be provided here @ All stating TG/Zano posts should be made on KS: TG/Zano is trying to build a long-lasting community. That is not possible nor the purpose of the Updates/Comments section of KS. Hence why a forum was created. TG/Zano are not ignoring their KS site, but people are asking questions via the forum (as intended), so of course the answers to those questions will also be on the forum. This is a company which wants to be successful and therefore they are taking the steps necessary to be a successful company in the long term. Well beyond the life of a KS campaign. Not a perfect analogy, but thing of KS as a dating site, matching backers and creators. Successful unions need to grow beyond the borders and constraints of the KS 'dating' site to continue to grow and benefit each other. (Obviously this doesn't apply to all campaigns, but I've seen a few tech-heavy campaigns in which this is very true, just check out many of the 3D printer campaigns, etc) @gillspie - Don't remember seeing a crowded indoor restaurant in the video? Can you point me to it? You won't need me around, fire this thing up indoors in any half decent restaurant and they'll tell you to get out and rightly so. @Derek Morton Ok, maybe thats true but once the product is delivered this Kickstarter project will become a footnote in their history. Support and updates will continue however and the logical place for information will be their forums. It is in the interests of backers to become familiar with it. If you have a query about your Zano in a years time don't post a comment here and expect it to be noticed. The only reason this product exists is because of KS, therefore they need to provide all information that's relevant to the Zano to us. I'm not on the forum as a lot of others aren't @lostintallaght - on second thought, never mind, they'll never make that plastic paper weight stable enough to fly indoors so you can save your water for California. @lostintallaght - tell me where you like to go eat and I'll be there. We'll see how brave you really are with that pitcher of water. Other than that, did you even see the promotional videos where they advertise what you will be able to do? @gillSpie - if anyone every fires up a Zano in a restaurant near me it will be getting a jug of water poured all over it! Please, have some care about where you use these things. Just because you CAN use something in a crowded restaurant does not mean you SHOULD use it there. @Carolyn d nunes - here is the link to the PID Controlled Espresso maker. <url>#p11199 The only one that suffer on this is KS !!!!! negative feelings for them. Backers who are asking for updates should read the official forum which is copied below(this has been posted before by others trying to help) as all new information from TG is posted there & not here. <url>"PRE-ORDER NOW" Grrrrrrrrrrr What the heck? Im new to kickstarter... Ive bought a couple decks of cards on here but nothing for this price. So nobody is telling me anything so i came here, havinv to seek out information!!! Before i went into the hospital (pancreas), i was informed itd be here by june. I get home and nothings here! So... I come here and now i see all of these comments about how SOME PROJECTS NEVER EVEN GIVE THEIR BACKERS ANYTHING Or this one JUST GET IT AS GOOD AS YOU CAN EVEN THO ITS NOT PERFECT... or...WE ARE MAKING SMALL BATCHES THAT ARE BEING MADE IN ALL DIFFERENT PLACES FOR EACH REGION... or...THAT ITS A RISK, PAYING HUNDREDS OF DOLLARS FOR A TOY ON KICKSTARTER...or...THAT IN ORDER TO GET INFO, I SHOULD HAVE TO NOW GO TO SOME OTHER SITE BECAUSE OUR SITE HERE IS NOW CLOSED.... do i need to continue? Send the product, please. Im a very sick person and dont have another year to play around.what really is so upseting is that nobody ever told me my being a backer was risking my money!!! Either ship the item or refund please!!! This is insane. Look at all of these people left hanging... And what is this crap about you DONT EVEN HAVE IT WORKING YET???????? Why didnt you tell us this in the video? You had a video when i signed on... And just because you made 2 Million pounds, rather than 120 thousand pounds (WHICH IS MORE THAN ENOUGH MONEY FOR THIS) doesnt mean the wait should be so much longer. Youve proven one thing to us: that by piece mealing it out, making a little here- making a little over there (WOW)..you WERE DEFINITELY CAPABLE of finding labor sources. Im just in shock... Im so angry.... Who does this???? Maybe you shouldnt have bitten off more than you could chew? Whatever the heck is going on, i demand someone contact me and tell me what in the heck is happening. Leaving newbie kickstarters abandoned in a message board with a ton of other very irate consumers is not helping anything!!!! £2,335,119 ???? You should be HAPPY AS HECK TO INFORM US!!!! What can I do if I would like to change my shipping address? I have checked the survey page but it already closed, i think it's closed for a while now. I have to travel soon and it also sudden situation. I just send PM message to the team and no one respond yet. The small batch is 100 according to a post on the Zano Forums. If anyone is frustrated by the lack of updates here they should considering heading over there, there is a lot more information available. <url>#p11048 For those of you who haven't been on the forums, or had the chance to browse them recently, Ivan posted this in the fulfillment board a few hours earlier than i am posting here: ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Hi Dragonuck, Thank you for your post. Yes, good news. We will ship a small batch this friday and the rest will follow directly from the EMS shortly afterwards. Logistically, because Zano's are built by region, we need to build batches and ship to all in that region otherwise we will end up with so many Zano's in storage for each region, it will be become logistically a nightmare. The batches are a minimum size and the only way to stay efficient is to build batches to cover entire regions in one hit. What we are doing however, for those who would have asked for Zano to be delayed until the software is matured, we are starting warranty and the free update period from the time you register your Zano. So if you wanted Zano delayed, just don't register it when you receive it and your warranty and free update period won't start until you do. We believe this is best of both worlds. Everyone gets their Zano but until you register it, your warranty and free update period do not start so it is the same as asking us to delay shipment. I trust that makes sense. Kind Regards, Ivan @BarryG, there is a lot more information on the forums. <url>’s originally (this can be seen by the initial goal level of £125,000) instead they are having to produce between 11,000 and 15,000 Zano’s this is a massive increase in numbers and there for has forced them to look into production on a much bigger scale then they were expecting which takes a long time. I would like to see any person on here increase their workload by up to 15 times and still meet the same target date, I personally think they are doing a really good job especially with the communication that is now happening in the official forum. @ JOSE ROBERTO GOES it just 3 months on delay now and you call it a scam?? i have other backed up projects here in KS and its already 7 months delay and still uncertain on delivery dates... i don't even think it was a scam due to delays of putting all their efforts to come out with a good product. i'd rather wait for a couple of weeks or even months if needed. i want a reliable product.! chill up bro.! Guys, you're all jumping the gun, give them time to iron out the issues, it will be worth it in the end. Torquing, keep up the good work and make it as near perfect as possible if it takes longer, then it takes longer. :) @Jose Roberto Goes British law allows you to keep lawyers in the manner to which they have become accustomed through legal costs. @jose roberto wow chill, it just three months there other projects that have been late for like a year and others that doesn't deliver to the backers, and also like Russell said it is a risk to back a project on kickstarter. So, because a company was not able to successfully predict development times prior to beginning development Your going to call it a scam 3 months after the initial estimation of due date... There are many things on kick starter which are significantly more delayed and it (to the best of my knowledge) is a risk you accept by backing a project on kick starter. Kickstarter puts you more in the role of investor, than customer... It is a scam. we should form an association and press Tourquing group of the form of English law; Among the British supporters, akguém you agree? British law allows this type of international collective action? @gillspie, they can say whatever they want just like they have been this entire time but you still don't have a product and they certainly don't have "future proof" anything. That doesn't exist "future proofed hardware" Do they really need to say anything else for you to be concerned? Greed Any status on this? When are we thinking we'll see it? BarryG this is a funding site not a finish product. If you don't have the zano(hardware) why do u need the app to be ready? There are product on store that gives you a crap of an app and it will never be updated... Let they work on it, instead of rushing and then you have a hardware with faulty software that will crash it. From my exp with kickstarter they are doing an awesome job on the product and listening to our feedback, I have seen much easier product with much more delay and no feedback at all I think it's very ironic that your whole pitch to capture our funds states Autonomous, Intelligent, Swarming Nano Drone and shows it being able to hold position, return to base and all controlled on an IPHONE, yet you still don't have the app ready. I think you said it would be a few weeks about a month ago, and still no word on a working IOS app. Please in clear precise and honest communications, let us know when this will be ready, as well as the features that you promised from day one. Also it would be good to update here as well as your own forum, and each week give us an update on shipping. There is a lot of International bad press right now about the 5 minute battery life, over promising etc. Look in the zano forums: <url>"no-flight" zones to prevent Zano to fly in restricted areas I want this to be able to do follow me before it's sent out. It is good to see how many backers share my view that it is better to wait and let Torquing sort the drone out properly BEFORE shipping them out. I am a rubbish pilot and bought this for all the things it claimed to do. It flies itself was clearly stated. I was disappointed by the news article but know journalists can be real smiling assassins. Reece and Ivan out to seriously give backers the option to wait and ship only to those who are happy up dating at a later time. I have confidence in Torquing just think they are overwhelmed with the campaigns success. I JUST HOPE that that rushing to fulfill the massive over ordering doesn't wreck the product. If Hi guys :D does anyone know where I can send an email to change address for where they send the Zano? Im going away for a few months and wont me able to receive it :( Thanks in advance! me too..winter will be here soon and I care more about a finished product than one that isn't 100% yet.. too many variables that can happen and I'd rather be given the option of being patient and waiting.. It is quite apparent to me that the ZANO team are doing their absolute best to churn out these ZANOs for us and I appreciate their work.But some people here apparently cannot see that and it is quite rude of them to imply otherwise by making snide comments about the ZANO team. Please understand that the ZANO team also have feelings and that they cannot spend all their time on finishing the ZANOs as they have lives outside of work.If you keep on rushing them,mistakes may happen and it will be all your fault.Perhaps if you cannot wait patiently for kickstarter projects to be finished,you might want to stay away from backing stuff on kickstarter in the future because waiting has and will always be part of the kickstarter experience. @gillSpie I totally agree with everything you said! @creator Please take your time and deliver a fully working Zano. I believe in you guys! Just take your time! This has needlessly gotten out of hand! The kickstarter advertised that the delivery date for Zano was tentative and that the only guarantee was that it would work as promised when received. Torquing Group needs to wait and make the Zano perform the tasks that they advertised in the Kickstarter before shipping to anyone. Otherwise the whole thing falls apart, they end up broke and we end up waiting for a decision from Kickstarter on a full or probably partial refund. This could be the single largest failure Kickstarter ever had. Torquing Group's reply to the journalist indicated that they felt pressured to deliver an untested product. For anyone that loves the idea of a Zano, I would like to ask that we please don't love it to death. Please make sure we don't pressure these folk into sending something that is unproven and may not possibly ever work. For those of you who see what's going on, please speak up now and comment to try to ensure that they [Torquing Group] prove this thing before sending one to you. Please petition these people to post unedited videos of a real Zano performing each and every function that was promised in the promotional videos showing what could be accomplished before sending one of these plastic paperweights to you. For those who don't see what's going on, the promotional videos were fairytales, they were make believe and they only depicted what Torquing Group was advertising that they were able to deliver. I own several DJI drones (3 or more are several). I have tried my hand at flying several microdrones and after watching the videos I can guarantee you that if you pressure these people into sending you this thing now that you will have paid a lot for something you can buy anywhere for much much less. Not that money is everything but if you supported the Kickstarter, I assume you really wanted this thing to work. If so, you should consider insisting that Torquing waits to prove the concept by posting unedited [non fairytale] videos of a real Zano performing each and every function that was promised in the promotional videos showing what could be accomplished before they send something to you that is unproven and may never work. BBC review is one thing but we will only know for sure when the first 100-1000 lucky backers receive their zano. I trust them to review it properly @Joshwa not yet :-) 7000 � Usually once a week I wonder what ever happened to my Zano. I come back here, get frustrated by the comms and read the comments. Today though is the worst and I can't list home many comments here would have had a +1 from me. Don't feel like an investor or Kickstarter on this, but a mug. Dare I ask if there is a returns policy ...... ? (thinking of returning before I even get it #sigh) <url>"Only recently has he learned how important it is to communicate one key fact: "One thing we could have done better is remind people that Kickstarter is about backing a project not buying a product. When you back a product there are technical risks." I have to strongly disagree with the notion of backing a project not a a product. Like all investors, I look at ROI. Backing a project with hard cash gives zero ROI. Its the product that makes the investment interesting as it provides a ROI. Clearly a longer wait reduces the ROI. Besides the running of the "project" doesn't cost £2M. Let's have the hardware ASAP and the software fixes to follow. By the way has anyone seen the IOS app? I seem unable to find it in the Apple store. MacKick The whole time I have been saying that the reason they didn't have real videos of the zano performing like the marketing videos is because it didn't work yet. I just wish they would have come out with it and told us so. I agree with the person that wrote "TORQUING SEND MINE WHEN ITS FIXED PROPERLY SOMETIME NEXT YEAR WILL BE FINE - JUST FIX IT FIRST!" They did not promise that they would be able to meet a certain delivery date but they did promise functionality and if they can't deliver on their promise then I will expect a full refund in accordance with the kickstarter user agreement. If they send me anything less than what was promised I will send it back to them for a refund. I expect Torquing to live up to what they promised on Kickstarter and they promised to provide a device that would perform as in the promotional videos. At this point this will be my first and last kickstarter campaign. Everyone expected delays but this is starting to get rather annoying. We made everyone at TG millionaires but still have nothing to show for it. As mentioned at campaign: Photo/ Video general Camera FAQ " The camera we are currently using is an OV5640 5MP camera. This camera is not finalised as part of the production build, the OV5670 is a higher spec camera but it's inclusion will depend on cost at production volumes. The OV5640 5MP camera, itself is easily capable of 720P 60fps and 1080p 30fps. We are looking into other camera modules, as previously mentioned, with higher specifications but that has not been decided yet. We can confirm the camera will shoot initially 720p 30fps and we will then work on 1080p 30fps and 720p 60fps through functionality updates as mentioned previously. " @TG Why not posting a raw video taken with Zano in 720p30 and 1080p as well.? Looks like pre-orders in the UK/EU and Asia with get their Zano's before us Kickstarter backers in the U.S and Canada. You can say that I'm a little more then disappointed. The 720p video is 'private' - make it public and repost the link From <url>`t, if you cannot then it obvious the only thing you can do is ship it out as it is. End of what was a great idea beyond the capabilities of its creators. So what is it ? we wait for you to sort it or you just get rid of it as is? I have already said which I would preferre Ian I totally agree with you. I would wait rather than have something that does not work Zano drones struggle to achieve lift-off <url>`t work right and have to update it myself. TORQUING SEND MINE WHEN ITS FIXED PROPERLY SOMETIME NEXT YEAR WILL BE FINE - JUST FIX IT FIRST! @Grant I can second that. I've tons of backed projects on either platform, that haven't delivered on time and overshot by over a year. It was clear from day one, that some features (like storing to SDCard) wouldn't work, when the Zano gets shipped. As long as the hardware is in place, we'll get there eventually. To anyone that feels there's no communication, you really should forum at <url>"future proofed" I just don't see how software is going to improve flight time unless the software is hosed in a way that is eating energy. I would rather have a refund than something that doesn't work at all. Hi Ian, have you looked the forum at Ivan's response to the poor video quality issue? After watching <url>"The test rig has passed 4 Zano's this afternoon and highlighted one test that wasn't quite right so the guys are tweaking it but it looks like we are just about there." greets Hans @reece_crowther Hi. Can we have the update on the rig test which you mention in Update 39 that you "will update us later"? 6960� So what's up with the test rig? Said they needed to test 10 Zanos and then would update. That was yesterday and still nothing. If they can't test 10 a day we will never see this product... At this point there are thousands of them laying around waiting to be tested and shipped Nop, they got slowed down due to some problems with the testrig. Nothing has been shipped yet. So no tracking info and North America will have to wait a little longer. Is this going out this week for North America? Where can check the shipping status? Thanks How can I change my shipping address. I ordered a white one...and I think I won't get in September. In Oct I will be on holiday and nobody would be at home. So I have to deliver to someone else. How to do ? Great news. Back on track if the next 100 units go succesfully through the rig? Congrats and great job for getting the test rig working. I believe the production is not dependent on the test rig. Hope the production did not stop while waiting for it to work. It will be good if you can also update us on what colours have been produced and the schedule of colour production, which was mentioned previously. Getting more and more excited and this has certainly make waiting a day seems long. I hope the shipment process will be smooth. <url>`t even need to be URI GELLER to turn it into a banana phone just pop it in your pocket and sit down for 20 minutes TA! DA! Samsung Galaxy note 4 better in every way. @Rudy it doesn't really matter, I'm not the only one with a Iphone and a Zano coming. Plus if you look at what the pinnacle of smartphones, here is a news flash... Android doesn't hold that spot no matter how many people have them @Wayne, yes 10 to 15 min (Weather depended). See campaign page. Have the creators ever said what kind of flight time we can expect? Lah...la....lah.....la.lalla....lal.....lahah....la....!!!!... alla....lal.....lahah....la....!!!!... Lah...la....lah.....la.l.... ahahahhhhh..!!!!!!! Billion > million, wads wrong in that? @Ian your wrong. Google iphone to android users. 1.9 billion Andriod, 682 million iOS @ZUL It looks like from wie's post about 11 hours ago that follow me function is in version 1.0 software release. @DEREK Never mind projections look at facts 81% android 14% apple facts not predictions Is the follow me function still being implemented because i don't remember seeing any mention of it in the videos you have posted so far?But awesome work nonetheless and please do not feel pressured to rush out the ZANO, unlike some people I do understand your lives do not revolve around ZANO 24/7 and that you guys have lives as well.Just keep up the good work and thank you Check Apples projections on the new iphone that will be released like one is every year. They don't sell a few million... I phones made in Chinese sweatshops for $30 a unit then sold for $600 everywhere else. Zano designed and built in the UK. I'll have Zano would not want an iPhone. Lol Derek, only Apple do iOS but android is run by many different companies. @DEREK according to what I have read as of 2014 81.4% of mobile phones globally powered by android to 14.4% iOS globally. Information easily confirmed online. So where did you come up with your statement? As Wei pointed out its no longer 2012 Hundreds of millions of IPhones are sold each year so to say Andriod is more important is simply false. Easier to work with maybe. Plus if you were to poll the 12K people who backed the project I think you would find at least 50% have IOS @John j bonus Sorry that you feel so self important, but there are now a lot more Android users in the world than iOS users, that's just something we'll all have to deal with. It's not 2012 anymore. Also, I don't know how many they can push out a week by doing it manually vs the test rig, neither do you, so maybe it should be a question for the Zano team rather than a baseless claim/complaint, don't you think? @Kevin You don't speak for every backer, I trust them just fine, please speak only for yourself in the future, thanks. Also, please let me know which other micro drone has obstacle avoidance for 240 USD with a functioning smart phone app and current smart features with near future smart feature updates. Please, enlighten me. Also, this is from one of the facebook groups: George Waqanisau Yesterday at 4:28am Got this message today in regards to Zano firmware versions & thought I'd share with you guys... Hey George, this is the breakdown of our intended capabilities for ZANO in the different iterations of the firmware! We've put a 1.0 and a 1.1 in the OS versions these features should be in. I would expect v1.1 will be available before or very shortly after most of you receive your ZANO. Version 1.0 [1.0] Obstacle Avoidance [1.0] Follow me [1.0] Failsafe (return to device) [1.0] Digital Image/Video Stabilisation for clear and precise images and video capture. [1.0] charging connector on the feet to prepare for charging landing pads. The charging pads are actually on the arms but they are there and work. [1.0] Removable LED Display Panel [1.0] charge through charging connectors on the feet directly on the case See above, pads are on the arms but are present and work Version 1.1 [1.2] Tracking of a set target through image processing [1.2] Facial recognition capability [1.2] 360 and 180 degree Panoramics [1.2] Instant imaging editing suite (Image filters, adding text, audio, etc.) [1.1] Custom LED Pixel Art creation [1.1] Swarming [1.1] SD Card recording [1.1] Waypoint based flight (mark on the map and Zano does all the flying by itself) [1.1] support "no-flight" zones to prevent Zano to fly in restricted areas Version 1.2 [1.2] throw to launch [1.2] reversible motors, allowing for upside down flight and the capability of doing flips I hope this helps! -Joe Need something that's going to bring backers trust back. Me personally never been let down like this I can go buy something similar now you can make money after you fulfill your promises to the people who backed and helped your company To loud over priced gadget that will have a horrible camera on it and going to get it in the middle of winter worst pledge how would I take a picture of a group in any public setting with out people freaking out way to loud and so disappointed What . . . . . . . . about . . . . . iOS ??? Instead and wasting all that time on your rig . You could've been tested them and send them out . So far your only off by 3 month screw everyone's plains . By time we get it it well be obsolete Instead of wasting all this time on the rig why don't you just test the damn thing . Good I had a couple thousand out by now . For one how care about Android there a joke lol . So video are nice , but would rather be flying than watching video . So I guess they won't all be ship by middle of September . Or u mean September 2016 . I stop Believe in anything he said after June was over where can i confirm the shipping address? I agree with Bill Please hurry with delivery before drones are outlawed in the U.S. See this posting: <url>"Follow me" video "Operating on a virtual tether also enables "Follow me" capability in ZANO. Which means once you set ZANO's hold position, it will register the distance it is from your smart device. You can choose for ZANO to hold this position or enable a "Follow me" feature, which will instruct ZANO to constantly maintain that distance from your smart device and follow you whilst avoiding any obstacles that may get it in the way during flight. " <--- this is what i paid for and hope to see in the coming video updates @creator, Just sent you a C R I T I C A L request (via KS direct comment). Please kindly advise, thanks. Looking forward to checking out the SDK. Bob Hopefully soon Torquing will be able to announce the first batch of departures. The video was good, I know they crammed a lot into a short space of time. Should imagine once the first batch have gone out it will not be long before we will see user footage and assessments on line it will take the pressure off Torquing to keep us info hungry backers off their backs. No seriously guys so far so good. Looking forward to seeing more good stuff ahead of my own Zano turning up. 6900 don't worry about minor delays. Just focus on building best product. That's the only thing that matters!! go team zano!! Thanks for the latest video's, it is much appriciated! Keep up the good work, have fun en be well! Has any swarm testing been done yet that allows each Zano to take a picture without have the other in the camera shot? Bob Do you guys have the technical details finalized yet that we can see to help us from a programming standpoint? I am interested to know about min/max speed, max distance from Smartphone for control, max distance that the Zano can fly away from the Smartphone in autonomous mode, estimated battery life etc. . .Just trying to formulate and conceptualize my app that I will be creating for the Zano. Thanks Bob Thanks for flooding us with video's and for actively participating in forum discussions. This is MUCH appreciated. Hopefully you have seen backer attitude shift back to positive as a result of your increased communication. This is what set you apart from the start, and is your secret sauce for having such passionate backers. Please continue to sustain a high level of communication and transparency with us. For some reason the site is not showing any other comments . It states " Be the first to Comment " Anyway guys just wanted to say please take your time and make sure these are Awesome . Don't feel rushed this is a new product and it always takes far longer than you can plan for . Cheers and a Pint ! Wow could anyone have predicted how successful this campaign would be? Well I'm sure they had no idea either. You can't plan for every contingency. I'm sure overwhelmed is not the right description of what they are going through. This is actually going faster than most. I am still waiting on at least 5 projects that are going on 2 years. At least we are getting updates. Just chill because your complaints are not gonna put you at the front of the line for delivery. @Creator, Would love an update or at least a bit more details on the iOS app. I don't think people are being jerks about complaining of all I think they are understaffed to try to maximize profits and it's just seems like they should have taken the necessary steps to make sure that things like this to go wrong it should have at least been honest with us about time frames and I was like that I mean just to get the survey out it took an extra couple months and that's a little crazy to think about and me and they just hired a couple more people that would have been fine By the way I do believe TG has done a great job with this project, so I'm not trying to come off negative. It's my first KS project so I'm new to the delay aspect @Russel, it's more about not having the testing/Quality control in place even though they are producing Zanos. I would of thought with 3 million they could sub out some work it they are having trouble keeping up Could I ask about the SDK timescales and Windows Phone app? These guys and girls are working flat out to provide a fantastic product. If they rushed this final stage and sent out unchecked drones it would have serious effects on their company going forward. They are starting out how they mean to go on, and they are building a brand reputation at the same time, which I must say is a very positive one! I have been part of so many kickstarted projects and the amount of products that are DOA (dead on arrival) is staggering and this puts time and financial constraints on the companies involved to then get all of them back and replace all units, it can finish a company off. Torquing on the other hand, have literally everything under control. Well done to the masterminds and well knit team behind this product! I think this project is setting an example how a kickstarter project should be run. I don't care about delays, I care about the final quality. Think I posted the wrong link, here it is again: <url>"MANY THANKS!!!" New update on the forum: <url>"You're only as good as your last job". We all agree that TG completed an amazing Kickstarter campaign and managed to really engage with everyone and build the excitement, whilst also proving lots of details. Unfortunately as the delivery date approached, the standard that TG had set for themselves began to fall away. Fair enough TG were and still are very busy, but then promised dates for updates and deliveries were also missed. I understand that it is only a gadget and also that it is a crowd funded product and so we cant expect it to run smoothly, but we all have a right to feel slightly disappointed and annoyed that updates and delivery dates have been missed. I still believe that the final product will perform how we all expect it to. I just hope that the delivery process begins soon and there are no more long delays. @Ian G G Smith - Actually Zano will likely be the last crowdfunding (Kickstarter or others) project I pay for. IMO, The benefit of getting a small discount on version 1 of a product is not worth the risk. Zano is the sixth Kickstarter campaign I backed, and trust me it's far from the best run of any of them. And the only "success" I can see is how much funding TG achieved. Ok, I am going to say what has been said a million times. Calm down people. I like all of you would love to receive my Zano. I live in the States, and ordered a white Zano. My order is going to take forever. Guess what people? I'm not crying... Wait until you receive the product before you throw nonsense claims at it. As far as I can tell torquing is trying to send out the product they promised. They could have met their delivery date easily by putting in shit parts and not testing their product. If you want to complain about kickstarter then don't back a project. I'm tired of impatient people pushing torquing group for their holiday pics. I want a solid product whatever time it takes torquing to deliver that is more value for my money than a shipment delay... In short let them deliver the product we paid for, after that fact if it turns out to be crap then by all means do whatever you want you won't be affecting my final product. Anyway, back to what people plan on doing with theirs when they come. I'm about to get a new bike so I'm sure my first test videos will be me cycling up and down (very boring!). I need some more extreme hobbies! It's not a lie as when they made the statement that is what they believed. so telling us shipment date starts on 10th August week is a lie. Looking on the bright side, by the time we get them, iOS app should be up LOL XD then again, the down side is everybody gets disappointed vs only the iOS users........ Okay, this is not making anything better at all. ^_^; Well, normally testing is part of the production process...... And we see another video ........ I propose to install a webcam or two or three...... :-( Wann ist die iOS App im App Store zu finden? Startime Off the iOS App? Ready for shipment and then test rig issue??? I'm just very disappointed I tell a bunch of my family and friends about this cool drone I backed a long time ago and they keep asking me when I'm going to get it it's very sad that I have to keep telling them another month blah blah it's going to have outdated parts by the time it comes out !! Randy I think it's just video footage of the test rig, that's how the update reads to me anyhow. Not 100% confident the footage will arrive tomorrow though. Let's just wait and see the video footage and test rig tomorrow. Hope it's awesome. Quality control is an important part of the production process too. No point in shipping out faulty Zanos for them needing to be returned again for repair. Keep up the great work. Team Zano is working well :-) Just ... footage .. of ... it ... flying.. please ... :) I appreciate the Update from Reece. Test rig is vital from us. In the meantime if it's possible maybe it's great idea to have a video of one Zano that you have for tutorial purpose to keep us involved until you verified all the issues about the test rig . Good luck TG team I hope you finally resolve everything thanks bye @Jack Knoll To put it simply, if they don't QA before shipping them off, you might get a Zano that either 1.) won't fly 2.) won't turn on 3.) not working release features or 4.) the thing crashing into your face. That's what the test rig is for, hope that makes enough sense to everybody. I know you are doing your best to do everything on time and as perfect as possible . I can totally understand you may encountered some problems during the process. For sure this last step is also one of the hardest one . Keep it up and keep working great as always. Of course as a small group of developers you never expected many things. Receive all my support and congratulations for such an amazing project !! From Asia-Taiwan ! Greetings Your backer , Kleber !!! Update Available ! Problem with the Test Rig . I hope they can resolve soon. No shipping date confirmed bye This user's account has been deleted. They just released an update...go read. No ship date listed due to some complications. @Ian, Wonder how long it will take to master free flight, vs station holding/plotted paths. Nature and animal shots will be interesting. As long as it doesn't scare your dog. Wonder how good the avoidance is... May just require a higher setting so that it can get out of the way. wonder how responsive it will be in flight. Personally looking at room plotting, obstical course type setups. People seem to be confusing your statement about best run project, You are referring to the campaign and how they've gone about it... Not the actual product. considering TQ have given more communication than any project I've backed and it's only on this one that people are demanding 'open communication' or MORE communication. Maybe interesting from the forum "btw, on the Zano discussion group (facebook), we knew few minutes ago that Emma "sounded stressed" and told "we still are waiting for various colors to arrive", that "today they will release an update" but of course no mention about failed shipping start date Bye Christos does have a point. The best way going forward for TQ will be open communication, especially in case of unexpected delays or other unpleasant issues. But I am still looking forward to receiving my (red) Zano and wish TQ a luck of success. @ Christos i agree with you. I was as usual to check updates or tweet but nothing. What happened ? I respect and understand the point of view of TG Team but please it's there's something really bad about the production process I think everybody deserve to know really soon it takes less than one minute to post a few lines for us. This time I'm really worried about it. I will check later again bye fro now I need 1min for that post. Why is Zano unable do spend 1 min in there life and make an update why they didn't ship last week ?!!! @Ian I'm tired of hearing about the "best run campaign" with "incredible communication"(often from you but from others too). The product they'll deliver could be fantastic, could be garbage or anything in between. We have no way of knowing which its going to be and this is due to the repeated failed promises of footage. Again, THEY made the promises. I'm not asking for something they didnt agree on. Moreover, the updates have been getting less and less frequent and, when we get one, it usually doesn't answer most of our questions. And when it does, like "delivery on the week commencing 10th of August" and then a tweet confirming it, they don't keep their revised schedule. And that is still fine by me. They can re-revise it again and again. But they have to tell us with a brief explanation that takes 10 minutes to write down and not let us guessing. If people are left guessing they will speculate for the best and the worse. So all in all, hoping to a good product, but communication has definitely been poor. @Russell in fact just thought that if the collision avoidance works then maybe it will back off as the dog approaches it so he shouldn't catch it but will test it first. @Russell Got quote a few plans after I mastered controlling it and found out what it can do. Would like to video a stretch of river near to my home. Also my dog who does pretty spectacular leaps for his ball I would love to catch him leaping up towards the zano but not so close as to bite it. I also work on the water so some video of things at work. I must admit to looking forward to using this gizmo and to seeing what other people use theirs for and gleaning new ideas from other people and seeing their results. Would much rather read what backers are hoping to do with their Zano rather than moaning about not having it yet. And by got... i mean chosen :P @Ian, i've got the GITD Zano... Lets get some interesting talk going... What have you got planned for when you do get your Zano? @John D if you feel 'at risk' from backing what has been one of the best run most successful campaigns on this site then you might as well stop backing things altogether then. It is often the case that these projects become the victims of their own success too many impatient and in your case sceptical backers who whinge and moan the moment things hit a glitch. The end of the day people will very shortly start receiving their drones and the massive 'risk' you have taken will be resolved. TQ can either waste more time answering questions or get on with sorting out their problems and get things moving. I know which I would prefer. I ordered a white one by the way am I whingeing? No point it achieves nothing. Soo no update on either the UK deliveries nor the EU deliveries. I'm going to assume they did not ship to the UK yet and the EU shipping is delayed. Yaay for the lack of communication! I am currently listening to 'The sound of Silence' by Simon & Garfunkel. Delivery !!!!!! Silence till ?????? Any UK ppl receive the Zano? Lol, it's great to see that ' We ' backers are keeping ourselves entertained. Lol @ Ian G G Smith - How do really know "they are doing their best"? TG may be clueless and lazy for all we know because THEY have chosen not to provide us any meaningful information for months. Just tidbits and hints that suggest they have a viable product ready to ship. Until an actual backer receives a working product, we are at risk. Grammar police have said that should have been "hear hear" @Ian - here here Must admit I have better things to worry about when a gizmo is or isn't shipped out. They have 12000 or so of these to assemble, test, package and despatch. No easy task for a small company who are doing their best to fulfill a campaign that was an overwhelming success, a success that is now causing delays in shipping. Had they stuck to a single colour say white or black it might have made the task easier who knows? At the end of the day they are doing their best to get things moving I personally think the article, which I have read is nothing more thank a poke at what has until now been a very well run campaign which will ultimately very soon result in a first class product. Constantly bombarding them with questions and requests about specific orders will do nothing to speed up the process and achieve nothing productive. Patience is a virtue that seems to be lacking on kickstarter. One thing is for sure , I asked via e mail some news about shipping process and in 2 working days Joe TG Team answered me. He told me to check the regular updates bad because I'm the backer with the Black one I will get it very soon. Maybe we can know more tomorrow I hope. I don't know why the TG Team doesn't post news about shipping on Friday, I'm sure there's something behind the scenes that we don't know, maybe for most of us like me it's frustrating but for the pint of view of the Creator not. I think tomorrow is really important because if it's no news I suppose we can really start to worries everybody!!! I remember that in the Update #33 Tomorrow they have to start with at Least other 2000 Zano but only TG Team know how many Zano they can produce . I hope Tomorrow in good news for everybody. Someone know that the ZANO will come with USB apdator to charge the battery? This ARS Technica article is ridiculous. Perfect sensationalism. What a shame that this gets posted here in the comments. Speculation about "worrying Facts". Thats the way they are making their money. Now I can understand Torquing and Ivan not commenting and being not really active on the Forums anymore. I would also be pissed when people seriously call your statements "claims", Twisting your words to fit their needs. This user's account has been deleted. @Michael, from what i see yes. I find the lack of updates in this critical week, where shipping is supposed to happen, to be very worrying. ArsTechnica did a report on this. <url>#342 so looks like I'll be waiting a wee while longer, but I'm still happy to wait so I know I will have a fully working Zano. We all appreciate all the hard work team Zano is doing for all of us thank you guys. I was told by a member if the Zano team that the Zano can fly in 30 knots of wind Unboxing ; ZANO - Kickstarter Version <url>£2 tops. Will make anything hydrophobic. click on the view pledge and you should see it at the top near your name Hey guys, Some of you say that they have pledge number 123 or 1753 or whatever - how do you know which order number you have? Regards Thnx for ur thoughts, i didnt kno if there is a chance for zano to go crazy and rapidly fly away fast. Debating on brining it. I would like to use in on a beach but idk if anything will interfere. Can we get a do's and dont list for zano? Like telephone poles or powerlines, would they be a problem? Apparently this waterproofing spray also works on drones. <url>#/story Bob @Mark, Inside you should have no issues, same as indoors. Outside, theoretically it should work (Not sure about spray) but you would want to make sure you could control it well and knew the limits of its flying and range so that you don't loose it. Will Zano be alright to use on a cruise ship? I am dissapoint! It's gonna be winter in my country and STILL no Linux phone support, what are you doing with MY monies?!! I work 26 hours a day and I don't want a noisy machine that will scarre Mr. Mittens! What no red with camo option!? If I had 2 million pounds I would definitely be able to personally call myself to explain why I don't have half a brain! Just kidding!! But that's how you sound. @TG Team hello everyone. Please TG team keep us involved maybe update today about shipping process or same cool video of Zano. In the meantime if somebody of Kickstarter Backers decide to post a few unboxing will be so great. I think the first package in UK will arrive really soon. Maybe a Tutorial video ? Last post from Reece about that is dated 9 of August bye and take care typical K.S frenzy ... when when when.. I want now give me... Aaaah!! � take a chill pill & come back in a few weeks is my advice... It looks like there will be close to 6000 black Zanos that need to be built and shipped. If they are able to achieve the 2000 per week, they will move on to the next color, presumably white the first week of September. Then the other colors will follow towards the end of September. I would expect deliveries will not not be complete until towards the end of October (at the earliest) for all backers. Hi Geoff, that reply makes sense to me. You asked if they are shipping all black ones first including people who preordered after kickstarted and they replied saying preorders are fulfilled after kickstarted orders. So they have answered your question? All black kickstarted orders will be fulfilled followed by the various colours and once all pledges have been fulfilled they will move on to preorders. Classic case of not reading my question... ME - Hello I am no 5728 and ordered a white one in Dec last year. Now I see that only black ones are being sent out first so does that include people who just bought one after kickstarted pledges finished? After all the wait I'm disappointed to say the least. Regards THEM - Hi, Pre-order will be shipped after Kickstarter orders have been fulfilled. Thanks I AM an original Kickstarter pledge so what the hell is that reply all about? I must admit people asking when their Zano is going to be shipped is a bit daft considering the sheer number to be built tested and shipped. I do agree that now having changed the way they are shipping a rough order of colour shipping would help a lay people's further questions and expectations. Hi guys, quick question! Has any of the first batch black been sent out?? Cheers Would love it if someone was close enough to Torquing that they could deliver their Zano by flying it there, that would be a great PR stunt...Doubt they could fly one to Dubai for me though The interesting thing about everyone who is asking for shipping updates, Considering how early it is in the process of manufacturing and shipping, the team probably don't have a good idea of the time required to both manufacture, test, then ship any number of zano's... Yet! The other thing too, With how much everyone is taking an estimate or plan as "set in stone, set your watch to these dates" facts rather than the estimates they are, means actually telling people these plans could potentially be a larger PR problem than leaving us in the dark until 'we have shipped X zano's' notification is sent out - as they can guarantee that, X number of zano's have actually been shipped as they are actually in the mail. Can't wait for my glow in the dark! :D Sorry - "Qui Vu" @ Wui Vu. How long is a piece of string ? Greetings, When do I will receive my glow in dark zano? Thankx... I pledged for Red and pre-order for Black. It will be awesome if I have switched that around. While, I can just wait while checking YouTube for Zano unboxing and flight videos. Congrats for those who ordered Black and have android devices. We are counting on you to give us some flight videos and tips. Makes perfect sense to send them out in colour batches, wasn't even suprised to hear it really. ;) To all the fruit eaters out there should be a leson that android is the way of a true techie lol Would be really awesome to see a video of the testing they put each zano through... Ironically I switched from black to camo at the last minute... @ Creator if you do still read these and haven't given up looking here for all the negitude that is being shared, would be awesome to see a picture of each of the zano as there built like you did the black one. Exicted to take on the next phase as a beta tester when zano arrives. @Complainers... Really!?! They've done an awesome job, and are. Done! All that is left is putting them together and shipping them out... Chill... I wonder when the red ones will be going out. I knew I should have gotten black lol. @Robert Hogg: Me2. During this campaign it was mentioned that Windows Phone would also be supported. This is one of the first tech kickstarters that i get delivered with just a few months delay, amazingly done guys! To those whining - the project reached 1767% more than required to reach it's goal and you expect it to still be delivered in time? Yeah, sure.... I ordered BLACK... but run iOS. :(. What a tease... @Micheal Wan are you serious? I is a bladed micro size helicopter of course it is going to make a noise. As for the videos released by Torquing many were done indoors in a large echoey empty room so the noise is no doubt amplified. Of course it will make some noise should not imagine it's as much as the videos imply. This user's account has been deleted. It's going ridicules, and going the bad way !!! that's what I get for loving the color red �� Appalling. Very late delivery and now no IOS app for weeks after delivery. You can buy the car but you can't drive it as we haven't made the steering wheel yet (perhaps you could borrow a steering wheel from a friend). Imagine! What a joke! When the Zano ships will it sound like it does in the youtube videos? A terribly high pitched "eeeeeeeeeeeeeee" kind of whine? I'd almost be embarrassed to pull it out and use it in public if it generates that much noise. Still excited nonetheless for it to finally ship. Survey out yet? Kind of silly if I get my Zano but can't use it because I have iOS Early Bird First Edition Black. I guess that puts me up there on the list, but backer #11468? Maybe I'll get it in November. The last update talked about having to log in before using my Zano, what happens when I am in a location that has no data connection? Half my recent holiday was in locations without a data connection. I do hope there is some sort of offline mode. I have funded projects on indiegogo one of which was funded in May 14 with delivery due May 15. Now not due until late 15 or early 16. The difference is they send an email at least once a week with what's happening and keep funders in the loop, regardless of how big or small the news or development is. Some of these comments are hilarious. Torquing have run a brilliant campaign and actually succeeded in producing their drone , yes I am looking forward to the drone and the experience. Today's update was unexpected, but makes it clear what is going to happen with 12000 backers to sort out there is always going to be those who are unhappy with some aspect of such a logistical nightmare. So the iOS app is delayed probably cannot be helped those getting drones before it is ready will gave to sit on them until it is or use an android phone instead until it is. Me I live in England, ordered a white one so looks like I'll be waiting a while longer then still that's the way it goes. Can always pop on here and read the rants. I can see now why some projects disengage with their backers. Any hoo it will arrive when it arrives. Looking forward to it. I don't think that it's silly to say your opinion. Freedom of speech is not always comfortable in practice. I don't say that I'm disappointed by the product or the work of the zano team (for now). It's just not sensible to change your statements every few weeks. Why making promises before it is clear that you can fulfill them (delivery dates, delivery order, iphone app release date etc.)., +1 aziz Ahmed @Aziz Ahmed Well said! (And I'm on the list for a white one and use an iPhone before anyone asks) I'm sorry but I am normally very chilled out! But some comments is really winding me up,,, take a look at this project compared to some of the other projects before being so negative... Zano and the team have done a great job so far, I can't say anything about the product because I have not seen it!!!!! But stop moaning you like a little kid.... Now I know why some creators just don't communicate, because of some silly people.. Zano have been very transparent about everything and this is why they are being criticised.. If no one knew how they will be arranging the shipping or about the delay of the iOS I bet there would have been no complaint. They could have chosen to hold back on the whole shipping until they got there iOS ready and no one could have said anything..... Welcome to Kickstarter... Have a nice day This really is getting ridiculous, I have sympathy that you as a young company need time to get your stuff right which can lead to delays but I'm fairly sure we would not be at that point if you guys had not completely over managed this project. It's great that you had the vision to build not only a drone but a "experience and platform" midway through the project but I think I speak for the majority of people the truth is we hardly care about that. All I wanted was a little drone that I can start from my iPhone while being on summer vacation and take a couple of cool shots with it. Now it looks more likely that the thing will be nothing but a fancy paperweight when it finally arrives, most of us can hope to have it flying this year without fall storms or worse taking it away for good. What a complete letdown, I wish there was a way to reclaim my money as I'm sure by summer next year another company has figured out how to deliver the product people actually want! Firstly, I know I'm going to get stick and abuse for this, but we're all funders of this and entitled to our opinions and it's irrelevant if I've funded a project or not! I'll start this on a high...it's great to see that it's finally starting to happen! Really looking forward to mine arriving now :-) Secondly, I want to bring it back down...what shame that a key element of the Zano, an element that will enable me to use my Zano, will not be available for "a few weeks" thus making my Zano useless for the time being! An iPhone controlled drone, was a major selling point. Updates or lack there of. I too work 14 hour day with my work and sending a quick tweet or a Facebook status takes seconds. I manage to find the time, and if I had £2 million of interest free funding I would certainly make more of an effort to interact with my customers!! Finally, now the Zano's are being shipped (and individually tested) some onboard footage (inside or outside) would be really nice to see!! Funny androids last software like always . So happy I don't have one the suck like win blows So what am I exactly gonna do when I receive my Zano approx 2 months late and there's still no iOS app for it to use? One would think such a huge delay would at least ensure timely development of the apps that are crucial to use the gadget. Communication is quite poor too so overall very disappointed in this campaign! That great Mike R sweet ! Backer number 158, super early bird first edition black, in Canada. Should be in on the first 200 units, I must have jumped the line by 4 to 6 weeks! With this update more of the same, i think they change the delivery by colors because problems with the raw material, dont explain anything, and still do not give concise dates, excellent work in development, bad work in communications. Only a constructive opinion. Wow ... another month or two of waiting for my camo zano. In your last "shipping mail" you asked for Patience. Sorry I'm not patient as I ordered a White one. It was scheduled in June. If now all black ones are delivered first. (maybe White black/White) is half it will be winter in Germany and no use for that time (eg. MTB films)....Thats pretty angry. So, now we have this change, is there a colour schedule? Had looked forward to taking the device on an epic holiday but looks unlikely now. Hey all! I'm finally glad to hear I'm finally glad to see that Zanos will be shipping out soon. I only have one question... How can I tell if I have an account? Did the App get pulled from the google play site? cant find it. What is happening for the Windows, SDK and Windows Phone applications as promised. I did back based on them being available. @Andrew Ring, good question. Torquing, please answer P I think everybody is confused about the update like me. I wait for the black one but I think in the next update it's much better that TG specify more. I think this is good idea to have a schedule by color so everybody knows when will receive Zano. I have no idea why they change and they send us by color (black now) but I'm sure will be a good explanation maybe we know more later this week . Last things now if TG choose to release IOS app in a few weeks there's no feedback about user experience but only from Android user and I'm sure we need for both app updates because it's a new device and if will be bug for both Apps the first one in advantage right now is Android . I really hope to know more really soon Very happy for the news about shipping first black Zano,but i have only IOS device!!! �� You talk about few weeks,before middle september or after!? Wonderful, bought a white one so god knows when I'll get it now. Ok so what happens if I have ordered/backed two colours? Two delivery dates? I'm glad I ordered the black Zano, but I guess it doesn't really matter since I'm an iOS user and have to wait a few weeks for the app. Will those who signed up for the beta program get a chance to test out the iOS app before the first official release is available in the App Store? @Ark I'm not sure for the names but seems that we know more for sure at the next shipping update from now. Will be great to know at this point how many Backers has black Zano but just for fun but anyway at this point I can wait. I'm feel sorry about IOS app because it's the only operating System I use now, but I wait bye Do I read this update correctly: In the next shipping shedulde update the names of the backers to whom they are shipping will be listed? Sandra luckily I got a tablet that uses the android, so I will use that until the IOS is available! But I do feel sorry for someone who has to wait for the iOS. I'm happy about the update, I m with the Early bird first edition Black, that I think maybe I will get this soon?! I'm instead a little bit concern about App releasing because in a few weeks IOS will be ready , I think somebody with the first black Zano will be happy if only use Android app but who knows what kind of Phone everybody use . It's like a lottery but will wait and let's see if somebody post same cool video of the Zano . This is not a complain but a my point of view . What do you guys think about it ? Bye I had not really paid attention to color when I chose my reward, but just went to check, and found that I had chosen black. Well, lucky me (hopefully). MikeG I just hope that rude guy from US I think, ordered a purple one and is the last to get! Lol Well, the whingers got their way. Hope they stop moaning now. Meh .. with a Camo Zano, I guess I've got to have more patience :D So I am 1. In the UK 2. I m super early bird 3. I have ordered the Black...... Hopefully gives me every right to be happy to get mine first : ) Let me guess. My red Zano will be last in line. Tell me it isn't. 1. It could be a typo with more or less 0 (2000 or 200) 2. The week of 10th aug still have 5 days of the week left, it doesn't mean that it shipped on the 10th 3.It make production sense to manufacture all 1 color first then keep changing materials Plus We want the schedule, they have given us, We want pictures of the product, they have uploaded many, I doubt it'll be delayed any more than 2 months looking at how things are going (if there is any more delays), we have waited for 8 months since we backed zano, wad is 1 more month or 2? I know we are all excited but finding faults won't help with the shipping dates, so chill guys:) I am a little bit confused here. On the last update you said that we are on target to ship the first 2,000 ZANOs the week of the 10th of August and now you are saying that The first 200 ZANOs are due to arrive tomorrow and will be run through our test rig. These are due to start being sent out this week, so are you just sending out just 200 ZANOs this week. Also why are they only talking about the black ZANO what about the white model. I know you guys are working flat out for us and I don't want to complain but I have sent an email to ask questions but no one is getting back to me. +1 @ Ian G G Smith As I have said previously that if I got my Zano in September or October then this would still be a great achievement by the TG to bring such a complex drone to the market place with all of the features that it has. Also now to hear that they are painstakingly testing each & every Zano before they ship proves their commitment to us backers!!. Well DoneTG & don't rush this final stage. I hope all of your Team get a pat on the back & a well deserved drink. Crickey there are some pretty impatient people on here. They ARE Shipping this week they have issued a schedule, everyone will get their rewards bleating about where you think you are on a backer list is really pathetic. I am 9000+ not bothered they are working on it the Zano is alive and well, just a case of waiting for them to be built, tested and shipped. I am pleased that Torquing take the time and trouble to test each one before it goes out. If it means I have to wait a bit longer for a guaranteed working product then so be it. I think for a small team they have done a brilliant job. I think I will just let them get on with it and look forward to seeing the postman in due course. Keep Calm and Wait for Major Update So it's August 10th when UK shipping is supposed to start. Has it started? I wouldn't want another domino of delay that pushes US shipping even further from 24th. Back on PC now so here is a link to the Android app for ZANO: <url>és Alberto Martínez Illoldi, You too! I was at 426 until I switched from a black one to Red then bought the GITD Zano borought me on paper up to the 2,000! read my last post! Well I don't know what to say here now, site won't let me go to older comment's of me asking about my order, of the Red ltd and GITD zano Ltd and extras back in Dec 2014, now I get an email after asking if my order is all OK, and I'm told only the Red Zano was ordered with 270 pounds extra to buy what I want to add!!! WTF not at all happy anymore!!!! Reece what's going on with this???? Backer #3521 of 12000+, and ill not see my drone until october mínimum because the way they go, i only want they stop lying and post the real date of delivery, i don't care if i will receive on christmas or new year, and i understand all the setbacks they had as a growing Company, only dont wanna be teased, :) Looks like the app is in the Play store, search flyzano I've only got as far as the trying to connect screen, but it seems released I've been to France and Germany many times Hermann thanks. Maybe you should come to Ireland to see what calm people look like. @lostintallaght: Maybe my definition of calm is differnt to yours. Maybe you should come to the continent (as you´re from ireland) to see what here´s the difference between calm and upset. Let´s stop it now. I´m tired of that discussion. An update from Torquing Group would be appreciated. Did they start shipping today??? It's getting closer... Can you feel it? Either way, I'm super jealous of the people getting them first :-( Reece tweeted me that message. Let the guys at TQ do their job. The more they are running to answer bickering questions the longer they are going to be delayed. 'Good things come to those who wait' Prolly 200 for early delivery testing so they can start mass producing after the QA process. Thanks Ivan for the update. I have a question ? The first 200 Zano will be shipped this week or so. I don't understand if they can produce 2000 Zano a week because in the update #33 shipping schedule they explain to ship all Zano for Backers by the first week in September. I'm happy but a little bit confused.its something wrong with the production schedule or I misunderstanding if Somebody fill free to answer I appreciate that bye bye @lostintallaght - As for my first comment, I said "Shipping will not start today". Am I wrong?? I didn't say "they promised to start shipping today"! @lostintallaght - I never said Reece or other member from Torquing Group said shipping is on the 10th. I just said shipping does not starts today, and another backer said he got a message from Reece saying that. If you want more please ask that guy but not me. P.S. The backer Stephen ingram said Reece messaged him, not tweet. @Minning - I can't see tweet from Reece on his timeline that says shipping is on the 10th? <url>‏@reece_crowther Aug 6 @dingy6178 @FlyZANO shipping beginning week of the 10th August confirmed. Cheers Steve, hope you're well. @Iostintallaght - I knew they said it's the week if 10th Aug, but earlier someone else said he received message from reece saying shipping start on 10 Aug. @Minning - 1. Shipping was supposed to start the week of the 20th. They never said shipping was due to start on the 20th. 2. That looks correct. 3. Can't see where they say that but from a logistics pov I can see why they would choose to send out a batch of 1 colour first. From the latest update I summarised that: 1. Shipping will not start today; 2. Only 200 Zano's will be shipped for the first batch: 3. Only black is available for now. Am I right? @Hermann Renz - you obviously were not calm in your post from 16 hours ago where you had a rant about not having an app to steer an item that you haven't even received yet. You then went on to say 'This is crap'. Not the actions of a calm man. @Ian G G Smith @Gizmo I think the negative comments are more a product of Zano's success than anything else. I'm sure when Ivan, Reece and the team first launched this Kickstarter they never dreamt it would attract 12,000 backers and I imagine a great percentage of these were first time investors, not used to how a crowd funded project materialises. Torquing were a very small company back then and must have had to grow at an uncomfortably fast rate whilst developing a complex project. Not something I'd like to take on :) Anyway, as the update said, they are on track to start delivering this week as planned so I guess the negativity will cease and be replaced with 1000's of happy Zano owners very soon. Which is very cool. @Wissel, Many Thanks for the link to Ivan's update re testing & shipping!!. Just goes to show that the Team is working hard for us all to recieve our Zanos despite some negative comments... @Wissel it sounds like they are working flat out, and people are still Whingeing! Well can please most of the people most of the time so that can`t be bad. Still exciting times for the rest of us! @lostintallaght : I´m calm and to say it clear: I did not blame or shout on anybody. I ask and comment respectfull and honestly. I just want to have answers which are reliable and not some blabla packed in a video. An update from Ivan on the Zano Forum: <url>’t need to be available to the public for that to happen. @Wouter I have looked for the App but not been able to find it either. Searched the obvious Zano,drone etc but no luck. What is private setting? I must be doing something wrong @Wouter: Yes , agree, from marketing point of view, they have done an extreme good job ! Who do I send a note about a change of address for shipping? Tnx BB I wonder if they will notify backers by email that their rewards have left the nest. I know it's a bit late to suggest it and am not too bothered myself as I am now on a break from work. Would be nice to know if it has been despatched so I could keep an eye out for it. @Hermann you know the app can be in the appstore but be on 'private' so only chosen people can see it, right? I think you should just wait and stay calm. You as a businessman should understand that things can deviate from the plan right? As a management and marketing student i can tell you this; they have done a good job so far. @woofer: Yes i did, because the delivery was promised june! @Torben: You would be surprised, how many prototypes are running at the Monte ! Most all of them are. And yes i relied again on a project, which seems to have again a problem from the processes etc. See here the suddenly appearing certifications which were needed. Something like that is clear before and does not happen by accident. Something like this must be considered in the project plan. I asked for the app, which seems also not available and get an answer, that this will be a work of the next weeks, although the item should be shipped officially beginning tomorrow. So, sorry to ask, how shall the receivers steer their drone ????? Using some app, which is available on a app-store that is known by noone ??? Using public domain ? How was certification done if the app is not available ? With all respect: I´m really confused AND angry! Hey guys, please become serious !!! This is crap and i regret, that i ordered a second one. Sorry to say, but all i got here were videos, nothing else ! Reece Crowther ‏@reece_crowther 1h1 hour ago @AshITSM there will be a demonstration/tutorial video out shortly! Cheers! Ben, thanks for your advice. Reece of torquing group messaged me stating that it was a confirmed shipping on Monday 10th August. Just hope it's still concrete. Cheers again :) Hi everyone, Just found this app on the App Store called Drone Zones - Safe places to fly your drone by The University of Newcastle upon Tyne. You can add your own location, information and photos of safe locations to fly your Zano. Here is a link to the website just in case anyone would like to get the app. <url>`t know why anyone can moan about not receiving something when it has not even been sent yet. As for your business trip Hermann I am not sure which is worse actually planning something around a project that is not even ready to ship yet or that you would consider using a new untested and unknown device on an important business trip in the first place both sound a bit nuts to me. Anyway I dare say in the next seven days the first batch of Zanos will fly the nest and the app will appear also. The way Torquing have conducted this campaign so far I would be very surprised if that is not the case. It has been up till now the best and most engaging project I have backed on here and probably the first to actually deliver something back. I am looking forward to it. Best things come in small packages!!! so the saying goes. @Torben , well said ! {thumbs up} @Hermann, You postponed the trip due to the availability of the zano?? HaHa :P LOL U.S.A so you get one . O well at less I'll get my other kick start first lol @Hermann I think relying on kickstarter projects for your work is naive to say it the least. It's like signing up for the rally Monte Carlo with the new prototype you just saw BMW show on the IAA. I backed a couple of projects and none was delivered in time, regardless how well it was managed. You're getting information here that usual wouldn't be disclosed by the companies because they constantly change. And us taking them for granted and set in stone is more a fault on our end. Good luck with your projects though of course @Derek, like said, if they ship from next week on the app should be available.... NOW ! Or is there still development to do ? Confused. Normally it should be available now in the play stores etc. I do not think they will be available immediatelly after uploading , or are they ? I will unfortunatelly miss the item for my trip to scotland and important shootings i need for my company and i have to realize, that again a project in kickstarter is quite weak. I postponed the trip due to the availability of the zano, and have now to use a old drone, which might be a little bit complicated. Sorry to say, but i´m a little bit disappointed. Yeah I'm hoping there'll be a major announcement about the app on Monday with people (hopefully) getting their zanos on Tuesday onwards Hopefully it will be sooner than that Derek they start shipping next week the hardware will be no good without a program to fly it. @Hermann that should be the next update in the coming weeks Anybody can tell me where i can get the app for Zano ? Hopefully the box protecting everything during shipping would not be so damaged so as to damage the Zano packaged and cases inside and worse come to worse the zano itself. @Fergus. What I really like about that camera is that the software will auto edit based on the length of footage I want afterwards and only retain all the good stuff. Saves time on editing afterwards. Bob @All this is the last of Reece on Twitter " @FlyZANO shipping beginning week of the 10th August confirmed. " @Bob, that camera has the same suite of sensors as most quadcopters all by itself, just add some motors and a bigger battery!! Yah, the camera is just too heavy but I really like what it is capable of. Back you regular programming. :-) Bob @Bob, The Zano itself only weighs 55 grams This camera cost more than the Zano but would be awesome if I could attach it. Weight is 60 grams. If not, if we could have similar automated video editing software would be really cool. <url>`t think the first batch are due to be posted until at least Monday. Would be surprised if they shipped any before that. I am looking forward to giving it a go when it arrives, they have a lot to build and ship so will have t wait and see how long it takes but they do seem to have a decisive plan lets hope it works!! Has anyone received Zano already? ok, so they are not flying but attached to boxes. Got it. I'm not a doubter per se. Just didn't understand the video and if the zano was flying or not and taking the photos. @Scott there are three Zano mate all of which are strapped to the top of a box and filming with different levels of stabilisation. Hence the three images you can clearly see reece over I vans shoulder wobbling the box with them all mounted on it. This baby starts shipping neXT week you still have doubts it will work? @Scot, It's mounted on a cardboard box. Look at update 31. The second video gives more details about that short part in Creating Zano Part 7. I have a question on Creating Zano Part 7: <url>#33, we intend on making an announcement soon! Maybe interesting . Bye If all goes to plan and they ship on time I should get mine first week of my holiday I shall try and do unboxing and footage to put online for those who have to wait a bit longer. Assuming of course I am in the first batch to go out. I hope so. We might end up with hardware first in the UK but without any sign of an app it's a fancy paperweight! now waiting for UK backers to receive their 1st and ear their review on the products. Until now, we haven't see any of the app is up and running. It looks like the flyzano.com site is back up. It also has new accessories in a sense. There are now 5 packs for batteries (both normal and extended). Also, it seems that the prices have increased slightly, and that the standard battery gets a better discount than the extended battery when it is in bulk. For those in EMEA, it looks like they can now collect VAT as well. @@John J Bonus : I have backed many USA companies that shipped there first and then the rest of the world - but I have seen anyone rant like you about the "unfairness". While I am sure the USA is the absolute centre of the known world for many, the rest of us do exist. You've not exactly done your countrymen/women any favours. In terms of economics, it is probably easier to ship en-mass to one location than dribble them out at random around the world. Some KS projects do just that and others do the drop-ship method. Patience ... Only 14 more days.... *excited* @Oliver- thanks! This iOS app for Drones looks interesting. It has the Zano listed too. <url>£50. @Tim the additional £10 was for delivery. However, the delivery was free in the end. So it got converted into a £10 discount iff you spend at least £50 in the store. @Zul As you are using USB, the wall socket power voltage should not be an issue as it will be converted to 5v for USB. The current supplied by the USB wall adapter will affect how quickly the battery can charge, or have a larger impact, depending on where and which charge circuit is used for charging the batter. For the most part, you should be able to use any USB wall plug that works for your country. Torquing should be able to tell you with 100% certainty. Great news on the anticipated delivery schedule - during the holiday! I pledged for the super early bird £154, with £164 collected. Can anyone remind me why this was the case? Was it for shipping or an extra battery? Hi, I would just like to clarify something regarding the charging up of ZANO'S batteries with the standard provided charging cable.Would it be acceptable to charge ZANO from a wall outlet, as in just plug in the USB cable into a mobile phone wall outlet charger?My knowledge of electronics is quite limited but I am fairly sure that it should be fine but I still would just like to confirm if this is true,don't want to damage my precious ZANO or have it blow up.I understand that different countries power supply operates at a different current/voltage.Will this affect the ZANO,if charged from a wall outlet?I live in sunny Singapore and we use the UK plug standard for our electrical appliances and electrical power is supplied at 230V/50HZ. @ John Bonus, get a grip on yourself man. Sandra, those was the standard features that we should be getting in Zano Hi everybody. I don't remember if Zano will be ready for GPS and follow me and IR sensor to avoid obstacle at launch. Please let me know also if I think we know more next month. Bye Must admit despatch on the second week of August is ideal for me as my holidays start that week.excellent! !! @John J Bonus, was going to reply to your message, but then saw your name and after reading your comment number of times I was pissing myself with LOL,,, wondering how someone like yourself will fly the Zano, trust me use the delay in delivery to fix yourself up!!! My 2 pence ( English coins ) worth to you. *played not sued! That's annoying about the discount code. I was waiting until I had sued with it first before buying any extras or accessories. I had an over pledge amount that I used for a spare battery and some props but was going to use the discount code for more. Oh well! Just an FYI. The discount code provided in one of the updates expired and I was told at this time there are no plans to provide a new one. If they actually specified an expiration date when it was provided I would have used it sooner, but since they didn't I was holding off on accessory purchases. Now I will wait a little longer before I dive into accessories. Again Ian +1 well said dude I meant rely @Keii dont reply on getting it before then, find something or someone to rent for ur event needs. Its a simple idea, hope u havent over looked. Congrats btw Reading the comments from John J Bogus you can understand now why kids get massacred in classrooms - John call your analyst and book a session before you go on a rampage mate - its a toy! (albeit a great English one) Deal with it. i believe when you are talking about the destination of apac/north america, canada and mexico are part of north america and not only the united states of america, because im from México and im hoping the zano came in the week of August 24 @John J Bonus Your language in your comments is unacceptable, if you have an issue with the way the Creator has decided to ship their product then as an adult you should take this up with them privately via a PM. All you have succeeded in doing is make yourself seem rather immature by swearing & ranting. Yeah June may have been an estimate but they said make sure somebody is home in June lol pretty lousy estimate consider I won't see mine till September . Only off only of by 4 month . Don't really care when it come have ever other one that's out . Were the kick start Company .not UK . I have not said a thing about shipping or waiting . See every one else **** , but when it get unfair Than I add my two cents . Or in this case a couple bucks lol only reason I haven't shut off because I couldn't read the replies I am on one 3 d project as soon as it's over their shipping them they did their homework Still think they should be sending out an order they were pledge . What are you guaranteeing Mainetti earlier but at least you're not screwing all the other people I mean why should you guys get the first fucking s what are you guaranteeing mine any earlier but at least you're not screwing all the other people I mean why should you guys get the first shipment . I'm going to stick with projects from the United States and China screw UK Ps don't care if you don't like my comment . Not like you can use yours in the rain Yes, the discount code expired 14 days after it was sent. I wanted to order something and was dissapointed, that it didn't work. The next time (if there is another) that provide a discount code please add the date of expiration, omg i missed it. I know it won't be Zano. Just got a bit excited as I haven't ordered anything else in the last month! <url>"APAC/North America" includes where I'm based, Hong Kong? Thanks for the great work and looking forward to receive my unit ASAP. Excellent news on shipping. Any chance of final videos of the production quality drone flying and footage? Still very nervous we have not had these :( I'm in UK and ordered three units, including 2 x GITD will these also shipped around 10th August? ANDREW Hopefully we don't have a turn of bad weather from the 10th...! Fantastic news! Well done Team Zano!!! roll on w/c 10th August! :D @Sandra Well done for spotting the update!!. What excites me from the tweet on the forum from Reece is the wording of "CONFIRMED shipping dates". @All just in case everybody miss it " An update regarding shipping dates and production schedule is set to be posted this afternoon. -Joe, Team ZANO #ZANO #Drone Looks like we'll see an update this afternoon then! +1 @Stephen & @Ian I know that we are all very excited to get our hands on our Zanos but I'm sure that TG are beavering away behind the scenes to get our Zanos to us ASAP I believe we just need to give them a little breathing space for a few more days & then I'm sure we will all get an official update which will make everyone smile again.. This is one of the best campaigns I've been involved with due to the amount of communication from the Creators Personally even if I didn't get my Zano till September I would be very impressed with @TG as this is such a complicated little machine to bring to market.. +1 Ian TQ are doing everything they can to get your zanos (including mine) out to us asap. They're getting every T crossed and I dotted to ensure we get the best product possible. I don't want a half done job, I want the real deal, a fully working drone. And app improvements is a real good news as we're going to get more and more features added to our zanos. I don`t know why people are getting so wound up about delivery dates they said they would ship towards the end of July and it is only 2 thirds the way through July - worse than children at Christmas some people are. Torquing Group - you must read these comments, so why not give us an update. You've had my money since Dec 14 as with many others, so please let us know when these are going to be shipped? You initially said around the 21st July but this is clearly not the case. I think you owe it to us to give a bit of info, thanks. @flyzano on Instagram commented that "announcement regarding production should be coming in the next couple of days! -Joe,Team Zano". And this was a day ago:):) I guess they will ship black ones first, then the white, then the rest. @dgh, thanks. Oops, forget that, wrong tweet... You can see a screenshot of the tweet under "General Discussion" then "Did it Pass" on page 7. @lostintallaght <url>" I received this reply when asking about delivery of my order for black zano "We are currently awaiting compliance certificates before we can begin sending the orders. Kickstarter orders will begin to be shipped as of 27th July and we expect all Kickstarter rewards and flyzano pre-orders to be delivered by the end of September. The UK and Europe will be the first locations to receive their ZANO’s so I would anticipate you will receive your order in August." What is the shipping status? I know I'm starting to grow tired of them not updating the shipping status. Zano passed certification for the US so I'm expecting them to start shipping Zanos out... Like today Hopefully they are busy putting zano into boxes for posting!!! Did zano pass the certifications? The only 2 positives I can see over the Zano are that a Micro Gimbal is available for the Micro Drone and that it can be flown using an RC remote which may extend the range. The gimbal should help with video stabilization but it's hard to know for sure until you see some footage from it. Good very good !!! How does the Micro Drone 3.0 on Indiegogo compare to Zano? Let's hope there is a confirmed shipping date in a update tomorrow along with the first thousand or so Zanos that have been produced since the certifications are complete for North America and they were just waiting on the letters to arrive. Why on website selling camouflage £215 was including 2 set propeller, but backet £210 not get it ? Is it correct? With all these drones, xcopters and RC flying thingamajigs becoming a dime a dozen , will we see drone parks down the road like dog parks? LOL Let your drone run wild in the drone park. Bob @TG Hi team, I know you must be very busy behind the scenes trying to get our little Zanos out to us but is there any update on the certification results due on the 13th etc Can't wait to get mine & start flying & experimenting with it... Question: will Zano be able to stream via Periscope? please update the delivery status.. When receiving new rechargeable devices don't they always advise you to ensure batteries are properly charged before first use. Only real way to do that is to charge them using the charger provideD surely. This user's account has been deleted. That picture of the assembled black Zano looks sexy! Yo dawg, i heard you like drones. So we got you a drone, to delivery you drone! Everyone who paid using Amazon payment will get °drone delivery"! Get it! Sorry ... couldn't resist this one � @Oliver, I don't think so. The zano will only delivered to your nearest post office, then the zano will be unpacked, put together and then tasked to fly to his new home - so the battery will be more or less empty when you have it in your hands ;-) Question: Will the batteries be delivered charged? please update the delivery status... I feel like the time is getting close and I'm getting psyched! The guys have done a great job keeping us updated on progress! per ThomasD of TorquingGroup on the FlyZano Forums: "Hello All, Personally I have not heard anything either way, but I, or anyone else in the office today has much to do with the electronic testing. Both Ivan and Reece are both out of the office until Friday, at which point I expect we will know, and a release will be issued at some point soon after that. Thomas" Hi today is 15 of July yesterday I think it was the date of certification for Zano. I hope everything is done. In the main website Flyzano.com the black and withe Zano are both ready to be purchased no more Pre order. This is a good thing I think . Keep going TG team and take care everybody . verba volant, scripta manent ! @Henry I was hoping they were further along in that than they are I guess This might have been asked before, but is there any possibility to support gesture control on the Zano? It would be pretty cool to use gestures as a short-hand to perform pre-canned activities, e.g. spin your finger to indicate you want the Zano to pan around you at 30ft away then return.... when will shipping? Yea im gonna just assume its gonna be a month late. That way if it comes sooner, its all gravy ;D I suspect it wun be so soon as they are still doing testing on the software. Let us wait for a while more until their software and hardware is stable. I believe you guys do not want a half working product right @Derek, the update in June mentioned that. But again, it is not in their control. <url>äring. Depends on how TG decide to do it but they have not made any indication either way. The FlyZano.com website is taking orders for the Zano and no longer says "Pre-Order Zano Now", It also no longer states "Begin Shipping July 2015", or any specific date that I can find. @Rick the certs are suppose to come through today? Being they are 5 or so hrs ahead of eastern time zone I would think they would of announced that today already? @lostintallaght, it's my first KS, so I don't really know how it works.... but if in example they have problems with some certification in USA and have some preorders in europe and they have already produced some zanos, why shouldn't the ship them? Best wishes to everyone on getting the expected certification from authorities today. From previous updates, if that happens, first batch will be shipped out on 21st July! Just hope mine is part of the first batch... Looking forward to playing with Zano hopefully soon. Will we set up somewhere we can share videos? Be interesting to see what everyone uses it for! Hans Häring, why are you not sure? Have I missed something? Every KS campaign I've backed has delivered to backers before main orders. @Duncan I would assume that means KS backers will have their Zanos start shipping very soon. Don't think TG can survive the backlash of shipping nonKS Zanos before KS backers get theirs do KS orders really ship first? I'm not sure.... @Duncan - does the site say when the orders will be shipped? No need to worry, obviously KS orders will ship first. @ Rudy Kernel instead of Kerswell Original is funding on Indiegogo !!!! @Deplus Albert Y isit a scam? Wow, the FlyZano.com website is taking orders for the Zano (doesn't say pre-order anymore), yet the original backers haven't received their Zanos yet. What's up with that? when is the stimated delivery.. as i am moving? Hey Torquing team, do you have Casey Neistat lined up to use the Zano? GoPro just sent him a HERO4 and he used it/featured it on his daily YouTube vlog today. The Mini Drone 3 on KS is Scam !!!!!! Be careful !!!!!!!!! Having flown small drones in my house and at my office, I would say that much of the noise would be absorbed by bodies, carpet and other 'soft' surfaces. The 'object avoidance/tennis' video had all hard walls/surfaces and sounded echy, rather than loud. Just my $0.02. Super excited! @Larry I'm sure they are pretty noisy being that they do fly and this isn't something DARPA came up with. It seems like the closer we get to actually getting our Zanos suddenly everyone's expectations for the drone keep increasing I was a US supporter and waiting patiently - trying to decipher all of the US/UK qualification process. Would someone on the Zano team just give me some idea of when we can expect delivery of this exciting product? Pl;ease - respectfully! PGH Looking forward to having a play with this Gizmo and posting some results from it. I'll swing back as updates or questions roll in. Sitting around listening to the "Daddy, are we there yet? Posts is a real buzzkill (G) Be well. Im really unsure why, but spending my over-pledge money went very smoothly. The full amount was there for the second drone (a GITD) to go with my red one) I used up the rest on odds and ends, but checkout went fine as well. SHRUG @Ede_mv. It's just my opinion, but they sounded pretty loud to me (and I'm more than half deaf) Seemed like indoors they may drown out conversation. Hi all, are there any information about how much noise (estimated in decibel) the Zano will make while hovering around? Thanks, Jol @Bob Katayama - If you live in the U.S. a "pre-order purchase" does indeed require the product to meet all the specifications and fitness of purpose described by the product seller the same as what you call a "retail purchase". The date of delivery can be changed as long as the consumer is notified. If you Google search "crowd funding legal rights" for your country you will see what that means for you. This user's account has been deleted. I am curious as how do us backers know if you know what drones we want as I pledged for a Red one and a glow in the dark as all we were able to do was pick only one color? I just want to make sure that you know what I want with my extra pledges. So when can I get my Zano? It sure has been a long time..... Just got the 10£ discount code. How do I add that to my over 50€ over pledged order? In the production and schedule update Ivan wrote that they orderes parts for the red, white and black zano. What about the Camo and GITD Zano? Sorry,this is for @ Reinhard Schwarz !!! Hi Look at Torquing Group !! Zeemap Worldwide !! @Jef Dye dont forget that you also added 10GBP to your pledge as shipping for your zano. I have pleged £176.50 for a £154 earybird zano so i get £12,5 overpledge credit. Every backer had to add £10 for shipping when he originally pleged for zano. @Jef Dye, Send you enquiry to zano directly and they may be able to sort something out. I think the over pledge and 10 credit are separate. sorry if I appear to be a little think headed but I don't quite understand how if I over-pledged 20GBP how that translated to 10 GBP credit at the online store. I am not liking this too much. Now I feel like I just overpaid for the Zano.... Now I feel more foolish since I just spent more at the online store thinking I will get some consideration for my over-pledging. Brilliant update guys. Thank you so much. Really excited about getting my ZANY soon. @ John-D "As I've described in greater detail in an earlier post, under U.S. consumer laws funds paid for a crowd-funded product is "a pre-order purchase"." Still "a pre-order purchase" does not equal a retail purchase. There are still no guarantees as to the products features and delivery time. This is what we are dealing with when we crowd fund a campaign. This certainly a campaign I am truly happy with in as far as the quality of the updates, communication and people involved @ Torquing Group. Really looking forward to the day I can fly a ZANO. Bob @Ivan Reece Thanks really Great Video! I can't wait to get Zano with me for a trip. Thanks again and I have no doubt Zano will be a really amazing portable Drone. I wish I can pay extra fee to have it soon as possible I'm backer #12600 bye and take care Great video! Thanks for silencing all the negative comments. You guys are amazing!!!! This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Amazing update, amazing product, amazing team. Well done guys and girls at Torquing Group! Nice update lads. Woozers this looks amazing, now stop making videos and having fun which will be my job once the Zano lands on my door step. Can people stop staying things like Zano is a scam, where are the flying videos or generally moaning about the lack of updates. Today all 3 have been answered in the new videos and it does appear that the Zano is coming along very nicely. Keep up the good work! @John-D I tried to find that group and it's not there lol Just seen part 7, looking great guys thanks for working so hard on this project your doing us proud Great work guys. So excited to get this. @Reece, Wow.. what can all the people who doubted your teams dedication & hard work now say? This looks fantastic you must all be extremely proud!!. You must all be looking forward to sending these little bundles of Fun out for us to explore with. Top Team!!. Teaser video for creating zano part 7 on twitter: <url>£10 credit. What it didn't show was my over-pledge of £20. I don't even remember what I over-pledged for. But that's not the point. If I picked anything out over the £10 credit it wants to charge me using paypal. Does anyone know how the over-pledge is being credited to the online accounts? @Wei Huang - Please send me a PM from the "Zano Followers" Facebook group and I will discuss your offer in private. I'm confused. Are you supposed to recieved another email if you overpledge? @John-D Want to sell your pre-order to me @ KS price since it's bother you "that" much? I'll take it off your hands lol, then you won't have to worry about it anymore. I'm sure you can get them to change the shipping to me pretty easily via the Zano forums. Come on, you know you want to, since there is no video of it flying outdoors for a few minutes and it's just making you doubt it sososo much, you know you want to do it! @Bob Katayama That is just your opinion, and one that IMO would make Kickstarter and the other crowd-funding services short lived if a majority of project backers accepted it as fact. As I've described in greater detail in an earlier post, under U.S. consumer laws funds paid for a crowd-funded product is "a pre-order purchase". Short answer on campaign. We all funded a campaign to help the creators achieve their goals. You did not actually buy a retail product. What you get in return is a bonus or perk for funding the campaign. :-) Bob I suspect not Javier. Tis the way of KS projects, always expect some delays. This project is way ahead of some others I've backed. Just gonna have to buy a selfie stick! Can anyone give a more or less informed answer on whether we would be getting our Zanos in a month from now? I got into this game so I could get my drone for my Iceland trip in late august 2015. Tis not lookin' good I tell ya. Another twitpic for everyone! Check out @reece_crowther's Tweet: <url>� I don't think there is a discount code exactly. I think once everything is set up and we log in we get automatic discount for being kickstarter backers. I'm pretty sure this is the case...I'm not overly up to date though. The over pledge info has already been sent out and has applied a credit when buying extras in the store. Had anyone actually received the discount code? Cz I didn't... Or is there on delay on giving the discount codes too?!? lol... @jim dolby - What is your point? I have read the Kickstarter Rules a long time ago and they mainly protect their own interests, which they should and can do. What they can't do is supersede the Laws and Regulations of a country that deal with the sale of goods. My earlier post is based on the commerce laws of the U.S. which defines the "crowd-funding" transactions I do on Kickstarter as "a pre-order purchase", The product must also meet any use, suitability of purpose, and compliance Regulations of the consumer's country. And the phrase in the KS Rules " they must make every reasonable effort to find another way of bringing the project to a satisfying conclusion for their backers." can be used to request a refund in the U.S. #justsaying I have backed 5 projects, two due in May, two in June and one in July and none has been or will be delivered in time. Having said that, I see no reason why they can't produce a short video that shows the finished device working. It would quell the concerns. Failure to do it keeps them alive. When a project is successfully funded, the creator is responsible for completing the project and fulfilling each reward. Their fundamental obligation to backers is to finish all the work that was promised. Once a creator has done so, they’ve fulfilled their obligation to their backers. At the same time, backers must understand that Kickstarter is not a store. When you back a project, you’re helping to create something new — not ordering something that already exists. There’s a chance something could happen that prevents the creator from being able to finish the project as promised. If a creator is absolutely unable to complete the project and fulfill rewards, they must make every reasonable effort to find another way of bringing the project to a satisfying conclusion for their backers. For more information, see Section 4 of our Terms of Use. I'm not here to debate but if you're going back a kickstarter project please read the "kickstarter basics" #justsaying as a backer i have a discount to buy some accessories at the zano.com page?, or misunderstood? @Ivan No worries here. Thanks to the team for all their hard work. @Simon Rishton - This isn't the place to debate the pros and cons of the crowd-funding concept, everyone can do a Google search for "crowd funding risks" to learn more about the risks to all parties involved. My comments were intended to help end the repeated foolish statements from backers that people buying a product on Kickstarter should not expect to actually get a finished product at some point. If that were true crowd-funding would self-destruct quickly. That is one reason Kickstarter is one of the better crowd-funding services at protecting backers from con artists. More significant, however, is that a viable new business that will produce a new product for the long-term usually needs to raise at least $5 million USD from true investors. They also need to check for trademark and patent infringement potential and complete other due diligence functions before they can get that level of investment. Obviously the typical Kickstarter project raises far lower amounts of funding so I'm not sure what level of true innovation crowd-funding creates. IMO, crowd-funding just tests the potential demand for a new product; helps determine patent challenges; and gets the product prototype tested by hundreds or thousands of users. All that with little cost or risk for the project creator. And after the product actually gets delivered the company owners will then have to go to true investors to become a viable business. No problem with The delay s... happens but why can't we get some video shot with the Zano? I am starting to worry bout the video quality Sounds like Zanos to the US will start shipping soon. Europe still has certification testing left. Good to be a American! @John-D - This just kills any chance of innovation though. Torquing are taking a risk in trying to produce something new and innovative. They need to find funding to be able to develop this product. They could try to get funding from traditional investors, but they would charge huge amounts of interest on any funds - in order to cover their risks should Torquing Group fail to make a profit on the venture and default on the loan. Or they can ask their customers for funding. That's what kickstarter is for. Once the legal people get involved there is a big risk again that if the product fails the developers will have to refund the money to their investors - that's us. But that really shouldn't be part of the deal. That would mean that Torquing would have to spend a large proportion of the funds on insuring themselves against the failure of the project. The whole idea of kickstarter funding is that we as investors will take on the risk of the project failing in return for which the developers will spend all of the funds on developing the product. But we have to stand the risk of failure. It's all looking good so far though. Perhaps Torquing Group are not as communicative now as they were when they were trying to encourage more takers, but then they need to be concentrating on developing a great product not just talking about it. It’s a bit early to attack the Project in my perspective. I have backed several kickstarter projects and they are almost never on time with delivery. In addition, I have a few that just never delivered. However, they are a small portion of the number of projects on Kickstarter. We need to just take a step back and give them some time. If they have not delivered in august/September then we can start to question the project. People seem to forget that founding at Kickstarter is at some level of gambling. But the reward if everything goes well you get a product first and at a lower price. @Ivan I'm really happy about update :) thanks again and have a nice day This user's account has been deleted. @nitai oren First project you backed? I have never seen a Kickstarter project delivered on time, most go months or even more than a year over time. This doesnt mean the product sucks its just that everybody is presenting a 'happy path'. Just like big projects in the work-environment. They will always be over deadline :-) In fact I'm amazed that they are stil more or less on shedule. A few months is peanuts on kickstarter. Look at 'armikrog'. i backed it in June 2013 for delivery in July 2014. We are 1 year later and I havent seen a thing. But is that bad? No, it was what I suspected (ok, maybe not more than a year but still). I see an update once or twice in a month and it slowly progresses towards release (august at this moment). As long as you see regular updates all will be fine :-) @Ivan, What a Great update!! Many Thanks I backed your project up on kickstarter and you told me the 2 zano drones will be shipped to me by june and now it's July and I didn't received nothing! what's going on? Pffftttt to negative comments. Zano team are a commercial company doing a great job/product. Considering barriers to getting this product to market well done! Schedule update n 9 is available by Ivan in the main flyzano Forum . It's really a good update that make I think everybody happy . Thanks Ivan and all TG team "Production and schedule update No.9" on the forums is available! Is the USB to micro USB charging cable free or/and is the mini LIPO charger free? Totally missed my point Thanks Doug. i was actually asking if the Mini LiPo charger will still be provided to all backers without zanofuel as ivan stated this on Feb 6 : "Included even without Zano fuel is a USBto micro USB cable for charging the Zano directly and a small LIPO charger that runs directly off the USB." Agreed John d. I hate when people say kickstarter is not a store, following up with a 'justification' that makes it acceptable to not give what people were promised / potentially scam and abuse the system. This user's account has been deleted. @jim dolby In the U.S. "crowd funding" payments to a non-charitable business is a "purchase" (not an "investment", a "gift" or a "donation") and has the same rights as a pre-ordered product. That is, the date of delivery is subject to change, but the product must perform as described and is subject to a refund just like a purchase. The risk is that the company may not have any money left to pay the refunds, but with the amount of money raised by this project you know lawyers will be happy to go after the key individuals of the business. And recent U.S. Federal legislation subjects "crowd funded" start-up businesses (domestic and international) that raise more than $1 million USD subject to SEC oversight. The standard battery is required to keep the weight under 60 grams. t least that is what I remember. So we were told (several of us asked AT THE TIME!) we could overpledge and have option of having the std battery replaced with the extended battery. HOW COME THERE IS NO PROVISION TO DO SO? Also there is no indication that we will be receiving the promised extra sets of propellers. The email I received today has no mention and simply states zano+case (to that effect) Anyone has info on this? This has been said before, this is kickstarter not an online shop! You are backing a project with no guarantee it can be delivered, I personally have faith in zano, if you don't then why did you back the project? @ Michael Banks (relation to George & Winifred Banks?): HD video is only 2 MP (1920x1080) so a 5 MP camera selects a portion (window) of what the camera views for the video capture. So, the camera "sees" more than the video captures. By choosing which part of camera the video captures, it has the same effect as tilting a 2 MP camera up or down. @Creator Any update yet please on the iOS app as I have sent you 2 x PM on this subject & unfortunately still no reply?. Only seven days to go before final testing Good Luck!!!. If I preorder a Lily today it's $599 before shipping (which costs way more than a Zano) and won't begin to ship until May 2016. It has no removable battery and is the size of a football. It really shouldn't be compared with a Zano. Please can you not make us wait for much longer. With the lily drone coming out at about the same price, it's quite draining to keep waiting . . . Thanks @creator @Lee I'm getting married the 8th of august ;) Also hopping to catch some footage with my zano. @Creator I'm getting married in the UK on 14th August and was REALLY hoping to have some (unique) aerial footage and photos of my wedding; assuming certification is achieved can I ask you give your best estimate will I receive delivery in time ? (I'm backer #645 - SUPER EARLY BIRD FIRST EDITION BLACK ZANO). Anything that TG can do to enable delivery in time would be GREATLY appreciated :o). I realise I'm one of hundreds, if not thousands asking to be a 'special case' but I thought I'd put my case forward nonetheless. Thank you @Russell Peake Actually I don't think the instagram <url>"B#" was the order in which we backed stuff. Any way I always work on the premise back the horse, when it comes in, work out what you are going to do with the winnings. Thanks for taking the time to let me know. I m sure these guys are, on the case, soon we will all be impressed. @Creator 8 Days to go for Certification. I hope everybody doing well. I appreciate a lot of updates after that date bye @ Ian just "view pledge" and it will be at the top there. Shipping is country dependent by UL certs so it may not mean that much what backer number you are but after production starts I would assume I have 7 weeks to wait to get mine if the can produce 1000 a week Or just 'View Pledge' and its there. Shipping will be down to your country certification, colour of shell production and rate of production of actual zanos. Apart from the shell the zanos are all the same @Ian Smith: It also took me a while to find out that you can see your backer number from your Profile -> My data section(!) -> Supported projects -> Klick on Zano project, so it will display some data along with your backer number. @Derek Morton how on earth do you work out what number backer you are? How did you arrive at the 7016 figure? Don`t care what number I am, I am just curious of how you worked it out? Hey zano team I have sent you a lot of email about placing order on the overpledger page. But still there is no reply yet. I said we have to place my order before 7/7, but I cannot make my order coz there is some error on the address! Please reply my email asap! Keith man I don't think that Instagram video of the black Zano is filled by another Zano. The depth of field is very shallow....I wouldn't imagine Zano would be able achieve that effect (would need to control aperture and have a zoom lens to maximise blurring effect such as this) We all expected a delay, or at least I did but managing expectations is what is key here and not over promising and under delivering. I think the Zano will perform as expected and hope to have my Zano by August sometime being backer number 7016 @TG, I just want to take this time to say that you guys, the TG are doing an EXCELLENT job in my opinion. Yes, I've only backed 8 products on KS and all of them were delayed in delivering their product, wait over a year on a couple of them, I'm pretty sure that my 3d printer, Cobblebot(December delivery date)will arrive with parts missing(fingers crossed). As a backer, I acknowledge the risk that I might not even receive that product that I backed! As a PC and console gamer, I know all too well of delayed games! As far as I'm concern, take your time TG, delay even and deliver a kick arse ZANO! Looking forward to your next KS campaign! Sry if i already posted ths, i did for another project. Please make sure you check the zanos pre, during, and post production! B-) So i know the quad goes 25mph, how responsive and quick-like is flying in free flight, or even the other modes? @Maximilian i hope all these impatient backers can read your comment four-thumbs-up. Well said @Maximillian. The team is communicating very proactive and open, and I can't understand where you guys' mistrust is coming from. @Tourquing Group is currently concentrating in bringing Zano to us backers by mid to end July. This is a mere 2-4 week delay, which in my experience is nothing for a tech project. This kind of projects is usually delayed by months. And as long a TG is continuing its open communication I personally have no worries in regards to this project. Hey guys The team provided us with the info that they are working very hard to meet the mid july shipping. So they cannot be that active on the forums/update side of things. Calm down and accept their statements. Those speculations are dumm. Kickstarter is no retail store where you pick your item and go. You have to accept challenges the team meets and be positive about that. At least when they provide enough info to understand their behavior. Hope the pressure those comments here build up isn't reaching the team too hard. Frustration is the worst thing that can happen when you are in such a work intensive phase. Keep your standards high and take your time when you need it! I think you guys have to calm down and take a deep breath. All this speculations about if Zano will work as promised or not... wait with your judgement until you get your Zano. I backed a kickstarter which is delayed for a year! 4-8 Weeks dealy? Where is the problem??? Hi guys, I think that Zano doesn't work as well as expected by the creator, otherwise, we have already see pictures and video taken by the Zano, at least from the prototypes. It's not a disaster, but I'm sure that Zano will not be sent before the end of summer. I hope I'm wrong. Salut les amis, Je pense que le Zano ne fonctionne comme espéré par les créateurs, sinon nous aurions déjà vu des photos ou des videos prises par le Zano, au moins par un prototype. Ce n'est pas une catastrophe, mais je pense que le Zano ne sera pas envoyé avant la fin de l'été. J'espère me tromper. I got problem on the checkout page for the overpledger....it show an error when i click the bill and ship to this address... i sent email to ZANO TEAM but no respnse yet.... I WANT TO GET MY ZANO ASAP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! IT'S JULY ALREADY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Would be awesome if we received the zano already.. Could have used it for this weekend hiking the ozarks for fiancee's birthday... Can someone explain the cropped down video framing... They call it "tilting " but in fact it's just " tiling" the image... Which results in lower rez... Yes ?? As some may have read in the comments of the latest Shipment update from June 25, i urgently need the Zano for a unique travelling opportunity in the US from end of July to mid September. It's kind of a sabbatical, together with my family, a once-in-a-lifetime thing. As i am in the latter half of the backers queue, i lost hope to receive my two Zanos (black and white) in time for this vacation. It seems that maybe the first 1000 backers have a chance to receive their Zano in July. I am currently exploring any option to get a hold of a Zano during my vacation. Besides some backers already offering to switch position (i am still awaiting answer from Torquinggroup here), i see two more options: (1) To early backers in Germany, receiving their Zano hopefully before end of July: I own a DJI Phantom 2, fully equipped with FPV Monitor etc. I won't carry this one to the US. If you are willing to give me your Zano, you can have my Phantom in exchange for that time - and of course you will receive one of my two brand new ZANOs when i am back in Germany. (2) To early backers in the US, receiving their Zano hopefully end of July/beginning of August: If you are willing to lend me your Zano during my vacation time in the US, i will pay you US$100 which is roughly 40% of your early backers costs for the Zano (details e.g. for securities can be discussed of course). You'll have your Zano back mid of September. If you belong to either of these two groups and you are interested in my offer, please contact me at <email> Thank you, Martin Chill guys..they said before that they are now trying their best and working hard to get everything in place for the manufacturing and administrative processes, those are not easy stuff to manage especially when they are handling such a huge order. And i think that they know we are getting impatient. However, since we have backed it and there is nth else we can do, let us jus believe in them and I do believe that once the difficult part are over, they will be back to giving us regular updates. For now let us trust that we backed something fun and incredible yea? Cheers to all:) @Russell , Creator. what does it means the video of 8 second. I think it's a waste of time ? You do. Think the same. How really don't understand why it's non,ire update so often like before especially here in the Kickstarter page. I remember months ago a lot of update here by Ivan TG team. I think it's no excuse here if you think it's no necessary to publish Part 7 . Why you make 8 second of footage ? It's a joke. I'm a little bit upset about that if Reece think this is Marketing ?! I Aspect in 11 days update about Zano Certification. We support with money the campaign and we deserve that . I really hope the TG TEAM read this post . Bye now ZANO twitter posted this Instagram link. <url>"trust the makers" and then "you should have lower expectations than what the makers promise due to the low price". @Scot My feelings in a nutshell. I still find it incredible that some backers are doubting the abilities of the Zano when, surely, the time for those thoughts were before they invested in the first place! Will the drone be everything you'd hoped for? Probably not but I'm still confident it will deliver significant functionality at a very affordable price and I can't wait to play with it. Are we suppose to receive other updates beside the survey shipping email? I wasn't aiming for sarcasm... I would honestly prefer to receive my Zano than a video of Zano... Roll on end of July :) @Wei Huang makes a good point. For $225 we all need to bring down our expectations. We're not purchasing a $1k+ drone with 4k video, etc. I'm sure it will be a great deal for the money, whenever it is delivered. Hey, if we can just play Zano ping pong -- and they demonstrated that already -- I'll be pretty happy! It's not going to have DJI quality video but if it takes cool selfies indoors and out, that will be amazing. If it follows us when walking around and perhaps riding our bikes, even better. Will the obstacle avoidance work to perfection? Who knows, but I'm sure looking forward to using it and trying it out! Just get me my Zano, everyone is complaining about videos and pictures... Who cares, that only takes away from us getting what we paid for back in January. Honestly I think some of you would be ok with just getting video updates about Zano and never actually getting it @Christos Pollatos it all depends on where your expectation is, don't forget that each one is only 225USD or around there when we backed it, so set your bar to about that price range, anything that exceeds that is a bonus, and if many things exceed that price range, then awesome cakes. Just saying -_^b But yeah I want that video just as bad, but I wait in excitement without negative emotions lol. In order to characterise a job "incredible" one needs to see results. So far we have none. Not even a photo taken by the product. So I reserve my enthusiasm for when I have the Zano or see some evidence of its capabilities. Until then I will try to be patient but with a growing sense of disquiet as days go by and the footage of a supposedly finished product is not showing up... Yeah but that's okay. Team Zano is really doing an incredible job (and has done so far). They are making sure that every backer will get an awesome product (more or less) in time. So if the do the video after shipping Zano, it's perfectly fine with me. Keep on rocking Team Zano ;) Reece hinted on the Zano Forums today that it is unlikely we will see 'creating Zano 7' before Zano is shipped I'm getting the feeling we are not going to have an answer to when... It'll just be released one day hahaha @creator When we can expect creating zano part 7 video? @FlyZANO: Hi David, Our SD card slot is only rated up to 32GB. A 32gb version of this card would wok fine as it is class 10. @Manfred, it is fixed, I just made my order with over pledged credit plus paypal fund. As an overpledger I have received the email and updated my account, with Password. Now I have a problem, as I want to order a bit more than the amount of my pledge, an extra battery and a few replacement propellers. The Web Page recognizes this, and offers me to pay the balance on Paypal. But when I click next my overpledge seems gone and I only have the possibility to pay the full amount, including the amount I have overpledged. Please, someone at Zano, have a look at this! @Martin W, glad you spotted that. The furthest point of the flight, after the lighthouse is a whale watching area. It's known for whales, and clearly what you saw is a large fish, either a whale or shark. After we saw that we talked about going back and just using the drone to fly over the water and look for big fish, but we haven't made it back since the first trip. Maybe we'll do it with the Zano :) @tallagh, I got an email back stating that I'm not owed anything so I'll just order extra batteries from the Zano site If some do not follow the forums on flyzano.com, you should check out the thread at <url>’t come from the usual address - it comes from <email> @Christopher Newman yeah I can see that but what I don't/won't accept is why especially since they did the hard part already this other stuff s/b straightforward. Here's a cut/paste from KS Msg/Contact: Torquing Group Ltd Torquing Group Ltd Jan 2 2015 Hi Hector! Thanks for your pledge and your support! If you add an additional £189 to your pledge, we will ship you a ZANO Red! Thanks and Best Regards! Reece @HMC Ah right, well they did state at the end of the campaign that only a few LE Red would be available due to backers not paying. They would be allocated on a first come first served basis and I guess as it says "Limited Edition" then they must've sold out. @Christopher Newman you are correct about that part (You DO NOT have to order the Zano you pledged for as that's a given....), however if your Pledge was for something else as it was in my case a LE (GITD White) & then I wanted to Pledge for an add'l ZANO (i.e., LE RED) you needed to add Funds & communicate w/Torquing Group that the add'l funds were for a LE RED. This is my issue, I added the add'l funds, communicated w/them & now I can't select a RED ZANO, because as some have stated they are no longer available. I think people are getting confused. If you read your email re overpledging it states the Zano you already ordered, in my case a LE Red Zano, and how much you have to spend. You DO NOT have to order the Zano you pledged for as that's a given.... @Stephen ingram , see that's my issue-I was an early pledger of the Red I communicated w/ Torquing Group via the messaging/contact link in KS & they stated just add the $$ to my initial Pledge & that they would make a note of the add'l Red Limited to be added Thats why I'm pissed its BS. This part was easy they already did the hard piece creating ZANO, etc. @HMC count yourself lucky that you've your over pledge email, I'm still waiting out for mine to get into the store. The Reds were sold out in the initial KS, the 1000 going immediately. I'm sure they'll make more in the future Would be awesome to see the latest video but I'm more interested in seeing zano shipped and on it's way to my place :D @Shaun are you sure on the propellers? Ir maybe @Creator could confirm, they've some cool colours available! This is BS, I pledged for two LE's ZANO's GITD & RED & I can't find the RED in the Overpledgers store . Now folks are stating that they are sold out. Come on ZANO Team you need to get a handle of this, this is the easy part you have done all the hard part by making ZANO a reality. @Ivan, Reece I'm glad to see Part 7 today or this week. How long it takes for the final touches you post on Twitter 24 of June ? I think everybody deserve to see the video update bye @Rudy - The red Zano I ordered in the store looked white at the photo. I clicked a white box to select white Zano. But the text description says that I have ordered a red Zano. This is very confusing. Just to test, I also clicked the black color for a black Zano, and ended up with a green Zano. <url>"color"; are we getting 2 propellers or a full set of 4? I'm confused. The GITD I'm talking about is the spare propellers, not the entire Zano. From what I've read in older comments, the GITD spare propellers are not available because it wasn't feasible to adhere the glow in the dark material to such thin plastic propellers or something like that. So you can get a GITD Zano, but not propellers which is what I had overpledged for. @Rudy, the GITD, Camo, and Red were all limited edition runs (1000 each I think). I don't think they sold the full run of Red but not the others so they are offering then to backers. They are still limited editions so I assume when they hit limited number, they will stop offering them. @Rudy to my understanding, the Red Zano Limited Edition was sold out during the KS campaign Received a special link to an overpledger store. Was there a red zano in the overpledger store? All I see was white, black, glow in the dark and camo. BJ, when they contacted you, was it as an "over pledger"? I'd done what you did (over pledged for a GITD) and immediately went to the site and got what I'd pledged for (a red an a GITD). I'd assumed that they'd reserve enough of each variety to cover what we originally pledged for. Aidy, I'd try going back to the kickstarter page and see if your number has changed. This is my first go around at supporting a project, so I'm no expert, but it's worth a shot. You might also try just using the contact/support link on the website to see if they could reply with your number. HTH Quick Question Everyone..... I pledged fairly late in the campaign and now there are less backers overall compared to my backer number. Is there any chance to find out where about a I am in in the backers list? I presumed it's because some people pulled out/ payments declined? Haven't any word about over pledge myself and it'll come through soon but is there a new fly zano site to shop at? Wouldn't mind a look +1 I'd like to see a flying Zano video + taking pics etc.. Can you not take a video of uncertified Zano is that illegal? Call me folly, but do I need to order from the website now? I have registered an account but no Beta status as I thought there should be... I also had overpledged for the glow in the dark propellers. They definitely would have looked awesome on my black Zano. I really wish they had posted some sort of update or let us know they weren't available. I spent quite a bit of time trying to figure out why I couldn't find them on their site. I ended up using my overpledge money to go towards a carrying case. Had to pay $8 more, but I suppose it's a decent trade-off if the GITD blades just aren't feasible. Fair shipping would be according to backer numbers :) Backer#36 Hi, I suppose the first stock of Zano will be shipped the end of July. Maybe 1000 approx but which one of us will be lucky to get it end of July ? Just kidding TG team decide to ship in pledge order or random but it's funny maybe somebody has the chance to have it end of July . I wish I can have it soon to try it . What do you think guys ? Bye bye I just spent my overpledge amount at flyzano.com. I ordered some accessories and a red zano. Only red and green zanos were available. I actually wanted a white zano, but I guess that a red one will do as well. This user's account has been deleted. HEY ZANO TEAM! I overpledge $31 and this $31 was originally for ordering Extended Flight Time Battery & GITD PROPS. But now you dont have the GITD PROPS and i cannot use all the $31 credit in my acc! What should i do with the credit i left!!!!!!!! I have often wondered about the GITD Zano, yes it will glow in the dark, but it will probably not be able to take images, in the dark so apart from glowing and flying around the ability is pretty pointless. Not knocking those who want one was just wondering why is all? @Scot Robinson: The Inspire is really a cool thing. While most of the video could also hav been made with a Phantom, there's a moment the camera looks up to the props, that's an impressive wide angle up/down the camera can look at. Is that a shark at the lower right corner around 3:00mins ? France/Spain is nice, but i won't be there in July. Wish you a pleasant holiday. I think i will setup a geo location oriented database so people interested in the Zano can get in contact. Maybe someone from France/Spain will be able to support. Thanks Dave Cant find the discount code for flyzano.. I thought i would order a spare battery and props. Can you please re-send. Thanks I wanted GITD props too. But maybe we can just paint them with a thin coating of glow in the dark color...??? @CapnBludd I don't think they have provided discount codes yet but maybe it is automatically applied on orders over £50? Below is an extract of a previous response I received: There will be a £10 discount on purchases over £50 for FlyZANO.com for those backers wishing to purchase additional accessories/ZANOs above and beyond their Kickstarter pledge. These orders sadly cannot be consolidated and will be shipped separately. The over-pledged amount is separate to the above and you get free shipping on your over-pledged credit. The original pledged amount does include £10 postage (for the UK) which is what has gotten a few people confused when they calculated their over-pledged credit. The over-pledged credit should be your amount pledged minus the price of your reward and minus postage. I want to buy some extended batteries but still haven't gotten the shipping discount yet. Will they still be providing that? Hey guys, did we have a discount code for the store, or am I remembering things wrong? If we did was it in an email or one of the updates..? @Martin W Thanks Martin. Really appreciate it. I'm going to be in France and Spain. A good friend has the Inspire 1 and we had a fun time with it. Check this out, as you can see, plenty of nice places near my house. <url>"Flight Time Ultimately, no one really knows yet. The standard battery (350mAh) is expected to give around 10-15 minutes of flight time, but it will depend on how hard the motors are working (so how fast you are flying, how windy it is and what sort of manouvers you are attempting) so there isn't a straight answer. Once the production models are available, some reference figures (e.g. indoor hover) could be obtained. The extended battery woudl appear to be 650mAh, and that is expected to increase the flight time by about 30-40%. There is talk of an even larger 800mAh battery. Don't forget though, the bigger the battery the heavier it is, so the law of diminishing returns likely applies, as the Zano has to work harder to move the greater mass around." Does anybody know the difference between the extended flighttime battery and the standard battery? How many percent more flight time/juice? Thanks. @Doug Beaney - did you consider the shipping fee, which would explain the £10 difference? @ Dom The FAQs state: Spare Parts, Additional Batteries ZANO comes as standard with an entire set of spare propellors. In the event of motor failure, absolutely they are replaceable. But can we really ever have too many props or batteries :) @Scot Robinson: Let me know if you pass by the State of Baden-Württemberg in Germany - i can lend you my DJI Phantom 2 for a while to ease the pain... This user's account has been deleted. Woo Hoo shipping update and just ordered 3 x extra flight time batteries... Am I remembering correctly that we get extra propellers included? Fingers crossed it can arrive in Australia before the end of August... Heading to Bali would be awesome taking it somewhere like waterbom park! I to have just had a similar email from Anna @ Torquing It appears they have known for a while that they could not provide GITD Propellers for our Zanos & are going to ship our GITD Zanos with White propellers instead I find this to be at the very best bad practice to keep the hundreds of us who chose this Zano & not give us the option to change to a different one once they became aware of the issue anyone know/remember how much extra flight time the extended battery provides over the standard battery? TH overpledge isn't working. Can't seem to order it. Something wrong with the adress? @Brad C Ah okay thanks for the info, much appreciated. @ Christopher N I just received this from Zano. Unfortunately it is not possible for us to have glow in the dark propellers made. On speaking to the manufacturer the plastic used is not suitable or strong enough to be used to make the propellers. I pledge for GITD Props too! so now I've got to figure out what to spend that money on... Wow, finally it accepted with minor changes (it does not allow or Spanish Ñ letter and does not allow slash symbol in address). @Martin W I'm going to Europe the first two weeks in July, so I won't have it. No big deal, I'll bring my selfie stick :( Hey, never really 'expected' it to be ready. Just hoping. No biggie, but would have been fun. I can have plenty of fun at home too. I can wait, and sounds like there will be a bit of delay for the iphone app. If they do deliver before the iphone app, I'm sure I can borrow an Android for a few flights! I'm tring to get my overpledge rewards but always receiving message "Unfortunately one or more items in your cart can't be shipped to your location. Please choose a differente delivery address.". Also having problems selecting Zano with carry case... instead of white it appears as Red, instead of Black it appears as Green... it's impossible to process the order.... YES! Just ordered the GITD ZANO! :D Website working perfectly Thought the over pledge hadn't worked..... but if you go through checkout they take your over pledge amount off the checkout. You can also 'top-up' how much you over pledged as well. (I over pledged by £12.50 but just bought 2 extended batteries and another set of blades..... just had to pay by card for the extra £5) Just got email to log into the store and spend my over pledge credit. Wanted GITD propellers but they don't seem to be available which is what I wanted. Hopefully they'll appear soon :) I think everyone needs to chill re the updates and think themselves lucky that you did back the stupid none existent thin watch that's never going to sit on my wrist. @sandra the guys are working as hard as they can. It's all down to certification and then production. 1000-2000 units a week is good. I'm optimistic late July or August. Just be patient and wait out. Good things will come @Kris Littlewood : I do not like the video because I do not speak and I do not understand English, here I can translate with Google Hey Zano team, keep making the videos. I'd also like to see some new Zano in use clips posted, and show us some updates on the app as well. Just a thought: the last shot of the case in the video was that shot by a flying Zano? If so I'm really impressed, so what if it's a few weeks late, it is to be expected on Kickstarter I'd rather wait a little bit and get a great product. Thanks for the full explanation. I don't get all these people complaining they want an update, they get one and then complain it's a 7min video! Hello ZANO team. I doesn't know why always use youtube announce some NEWS . Could you describe the message in Mail ? I saw other backer's message and know that movie means " delay for shipping " But your title " Shipping update " that can make backers exciting & more disappointing. Why you don't wrote " Shipping late "? Anyway I'm abandon bring ZANO with my summer Vacation. I want see ZANO's movie first !! Since I will be in Tunisia after July to September could I have shipped to main post office in Tunis? @Scot Robinson: Where are you located? US? If so, we could discuss switching... I ordered one for Europe, but will be in the States when it arrives. See my Post in the latest update. I need it for my US holidays. You need it for Europe holidays. That might fit... @Scot I really agree with you I'm an iphone user. About the video maybe next week Reece post on twitter " Part 7 is having the final touches " @Stephen you tweet so often with Reece maybe you know more. What do you think about the delay ? We can use Zano before the end of the summer ? I hope so. Thanks @Mihai @Ivan @Reece +1 ;) @Ivan @Reece: about the update: i see what you did there you brilliant cheeky creators :)). Well played. Easter eggs for the win ;) Here's my prediction : certification will be delayed due to excuses.... then after finally stating they're certified.. Delivery begins but is suddenly halted a week later due to the sudden discovery of faulty parts.. so they have to check all boxes... Finally delivery might kick in around November (if we're lucky) I never expected it to ship in June -- but was sure "hoping" to bring it to my Europe trip starting next week. Even if it shipped, sounds like it would have never gotten off the ground for me since I use an iPhone. Would be nice if we can have a date for the iPhone app, without it many of us can't use the Zano whenever it ships. Seems pretty clear to me that if they had satisfactory footage to show, they would have shown it. Heck, they could have taken an iPhone/Android, shot any video of Zano flying outdoors and we would have been happy. No production or editing required. What is more important to us is the video from the Zano. Again, if they have something they are happy with they could have just put a link to unedited footage and we would have been happy. Since they didn't do it and we don't have it, the only logical explanation is that they are not happy with what we would see at this point. I have no issues with this. They are developing it and there are kinks and things to fix and invent. To me, I would be more concerned if the Zano has been flying great for weeks and month, that the video it produces is great for weeks and months, and for some reason Reece and company have chosen not to show us. Again, better if they get it right, then to show us something that is not what we would all be happy with. Why do KS backers keep going on about marketing? What's the point - we've been marketed to already during the campaign, we've already backed the project (we have NOT purchased a product). If they are marketing the product poorly *in your opinion* it does not effect the KS backers, it effects the decision the people they want to sell to afterwards will make. No video that Torquing show us now will make any difference to the finished product for KS backers so I don't know why people are getting annoyed about it. We know the product exists, we've seen video of it flying. I see no reason not to take them at their word that production will start on 14th July based on them receiving certification, even if they don't start production me seeing a piece of video now will not change that. Some posters on KS really odd. They complain about no updates, they get an update but complain that it's a video or that it's to long or not a written update, someone tells them the contents of the video update and they get annoyed with the update contents or that they haven't received some other sort of update. I know you can't please everyone but some of the comments here and on the update page are stunning imo. Did anyone notice the video feed from the Zano on the monitor during their little video review? I didn`t until someone else pointed it out. But it is there filming the guy filming the interview. Did they not say they were having faster internet connections and servers installed - probably will cause web problems- Really you people ought to take a chill pill. @Doug - two things. 1. I haven't been able to access the forum for about an hour. 2. While I agree with you that all effort by the Torquing team should be put into getting the Zano produced, I disagree that they shouldn't post video/photos. Suggesting their marketing resources shouldn't be marketing prior to production is minimizing their value to the Torquing team. Apple doesn't stop marketing before a product launches because they are all hands on deck with production. I recognize I am comparing David to Goliath here, but the principle remains the same. It is my understanding that Reece is their marketing guy, and while he likely wears many hats, he isn't an engineer, he is a marketing guy. His role, as a marketer, is just as important as the engineer who is responsible for the compliance/certification process. So lets not limit the importance of marketing here. I firmly believe Torquing has done a fantastic job with this campaign, but that doesn't mean they shouldn't be on the hook to actually show us the Zano and the footage/photos that come out of it. Isn't that why we all are purchasing it? the video is disingenuous - at about 6:05 -"we will have everything ready at the end of june which is what we said we would do" - you said you would ship in june, which is very different from having everything ready for certification in june. Their website still shows "ships in july" for new orders - it's highly unlikely that the original backers will have all been delivered until sometime in September, so either they are putting their web orders in front of the kickstarter orders or they continue to mislead the public about when their product will actually be shipped to people who pay for it. While I appreciate the attention to detail and the desire to get a product out that will have lasting value, I'm very disappointed at the marketing speak that continues to be less than forthcoming. Delays in Kickstarter projects are the norm. Claiming that torquino's previous experience in this area set expectations that you're not meeting. Perhaps the politicians on this side of the ocean have learned that while the original issue (whatever it is) can damage their reputation, not being forthright and transparent in addressing it becomes an even greater issue. I would also join the commenters who are wondering why there are no more recent videos of real product showing how well things are working. If everything is completed, why not spend a couple of hours and put together a 5 minute clip showing what it is we are waiting for? Is there something that still needs to be done on your side? Thanks @Derek Morton The flyzano.com site is OK; torguinggroup.com site is down at this time. @wayne, the torquinggroup.com site seems to be down. Anyone else having a problem accessing the forum at the moment (7pm UK time)? Is anybody else having issues logging into flyzano.com? @Matthias you have really a good idea I hope TG team decide to keep us involved with more update like you explain. I hope to receive my Zano in August at this point because with the production of 1000 a week after middle of July with no certification issue the time frame for is will be August, but maybe they can increment production after I don't now. My opinion about the video update : if you look the Ivan face in the video you can feel how is frustrated and Reece try to explain more about the delay but they look really really tired and frustrated and that's means they really want to bring us Zano in June but they didn't with all the effort but they keep going really well and I trust TG team :) I wish August coming really soon. The “waiting for certification” is sadly a convenient excuse for any project being late. IMO, if TG has the prior experience in this area they clam they should have allowed for it in their project plan. And there really is no excuse at this late date for TG not having released any video of a Zano performing its two basic functions; flying outdoors for x minutes and sending back video. The Marketing Director can't possibly be too busy to complete this important customer service deliverable. It is a good update and cannot see why people are moaning about it, compliance testing has to be done, people who do it call the shots as to how and when, so shipping will probably begin in July a few weeks later than anticipated, cannot be helped, must be frustrating for the Torquing team as well as for us but has to be done. I think they have done well to get things this far this quickly and a few more weeks is not going to bother me at all, it is just one of those things. Good Luck guys, thanks for the update. This user's account has been deleted. While I'm still a huge fan of the product I think communication can easily be improved and I fully understand people that want to see footage, screenshots of the app and so on (I'm one of those). We all spent a lot of money to make this happen and I think the community deserves just some more transparency. Looking at the video I think there's a good chance units will only be produced once you have certification for all the countries you want to ship to, right? Managing different Zanos for different countries could be difficult for the company. Having said that we can probably be happy if we all have our Zanos this year. I would recommend an "under-promis, over-deliver approach" to TQ, rather than being too optimistic in your communication. And I'm not only talking about the delay (which is not really an issue to most of us), I'm also talking about other announcements regarding footage. One idea: How about a weekly newsletter from now on, just a sign of life, a few lines to get a status update - nothing fancy, maybe include a picture or two once in a while - all to calm down the community and allow us to keep looking forward to a great gadget. :) The update said that UL testing will be completed with certificate on July 14th then the next day the go into production. They can produce 1000 Zanos a week and hope to scale up from there on the per week output. Shipping to the US and Europe will start first. Basically it sounds like sometime in August most of us will actually have our Zanos Can someone please summarise what's in the most recent update? There don't seem to be any words, just a video with no transcript. Thanks. @Stephen Ingram +1 I completely agree with you. To those going on about 'where is the video' please remember that TG are going flat out to produce, test and deliver Zanos. It would be nice to see some footage shot from the Zano and I can understand that, for those that have not yet decided to pre-orde,r it can be a deciding factor but, at the end of the day, a video does not contribute to getting Zanos out of the door and I for one would prefer for them to concentrate their efforts on doing that. This user's account has been deleted. Reece said to me in Twitter yesterday that part 7 is having the final touches and should me ready next week. Also said that shipping info maybe available today and they've delivered their promise on that. I'm as excited as the rest of you and sorry to the doubters and people not satisfied, I want a fully functioning Zano, not a half arsed attempt so TG, take your time, get it passed and I'll get my Zano when you're ready :) Have to agree with Simon. At this point I'm over wanting to see video footage. It is what it is. Given the size of the Zano I'm expecting shaky raw footage and to have to use the HPC to stabilise it. Seeing raw footage now would only freak me out I think. I'll have it by early September and will be able to judge for myself then, nothing TG can show now me will be able to change the product I'm receiving. Nobody answered me about IOS app. Something out in the drone market now and in the past has different features about IOS and Android app. I hope to see all the good features of Android app also in IOS. I hope the Ivan team clarify soon next months more about the app specs and the features of Android and IOS. The only thing that now is for sure is The delay we know and the really good Android app. I hope I can use Zano when will arrive to me without any problems because as I know Apple maybe longer to approve the new apps but the Team Zano for sure take care about that. Will be great to see Part 7 really soon. Bye Hi there, thanks for the latest update. It's perfectly clear to me why you guys cannot hold the initially announced shipping date. Take your time to have the product implemented and certified as good as possible. However, I must agree to my fellow backers who require to see actual video data of a device that according to your outlines is fully functional. It's weeks ago that you announced a new part of "Creating Zano". Please keep your backers involved. I echo what @Wei has said. This is the best run Kickstarter I have personally experienced and was expecting a delay in shipping at the outset. Anyone who didn't has perhaps not enough experience with Kickstarter to know this is commonplace. This is a complex project and, in my opinion, the creators should be credited for getting to this point without any apparent significant issues. Would it be nice to see more images and video? Sure but what would that actually prove? The only way any of us will be able to determine the performance of Zano (and image quality is only one aspect) is when we are able to actually test it ourselves - and for that we just need to be patient. Sadly not everyone here seems to be. @thomas & @randy: thanks!! Hmm with the 65db, then i think star wars' throne room soundtrack shld drown it out hopefully... :) @Ron I have no doubt they are doing that now since the hardware is done and they are just waiting for certs now. This is the best KS experience I've had yet as far as high tech projects go so I have pretty good faith in them. Hopefully the final results will be just as good if not better than initial projection. :-) my personal list of questions: 1. where are the videos of a flying ZANO (outside) you promised? 2. where are the videos from the onboard camera? 3. where are the videos taken from the app in action? 4. when will the iOS and the Android apps be available? Please give us some clear answers to clear questions - thanks. @Reece Ok I'm satisfied now with the update about shipping. Guys I have a question but nobody answers me before, what about IOS app ? I think end of July when I received the Zano I really want to try it out , but I hope to have IOS app ready. Ivan explain about Android app is fantastic but for me it's no a big deal because I use Iphone what I have to do? I hope also IOS app it's ready for end of July . Guys, Personally I think this was a very well delivered update, it was concise & honest & explained the slight delay clearly. I know you must all be exhausted but please keep up the Great work & you will get glowing comments come the end of July & August when we start receiving our little Zanos. Gizmo @Thomas: Yes I have. Have you ever gotten married? This is what Torquing said about loudness: Regarding volume, I use a decibel meter yesterday afternoon. Zano in free air away from objects inside at 1m the average volume was 65db. with a peak at 70db during harsh stabilisation. If you look up 65db, its a normal human conversation at 1m. Thanks for the update. Mom still really confused. With everything done except certifications why haven't you guys held back a couple of units to capture actual video and photos taken from the Zano. How can you be this far along and NOT share with the backers what we'll actually be getting and capturing once the Zano is in our hands. I'm excited about getting the Zano but the fact that we haven't seen any footage yet or seen a working finished unit makes everything seem a little suspect Hi Torquing Group, I would rather a delay than to receive something rushed and not quite up to scratch. Take your time and do it to your standards. Good luck and thanks for working so hard. By calculations, I'm 7,000th in the Zano queue. I should get delivery around 31st of August at the very soonest. Hoping we have a good autumn. @Randy: Have you ever owned a small quad copter? @Michael: I have several, they all make a LOT of noise. Michael, The noise from your guests will be significantly louder than the noise from Zano. Should had asked this long ago before the campaign ended, how loud is the buzz when it is flying? It did not hit me that there might be a buzz when used indoors. Planning to use it for my indoor wedding banquet march in and hope it does not buzz too much. Thanks for the video update, with your candid feedback. I really hope you guys provide significantly more video footage of Zano flying, as well as video/photos taken from the Zano. You guys have literally been promising this for 6 months. Understood that production focus is most important, but I don't understand why video of/from Zano can't be done in tandem here. you guys have said on multiple occasions that you will be flooding us with video/photos, and I think all/most of us are eagerly awaiting that. Shipping update <url>☺ Message from Reece: Putting the final touches on part 7 now Steve. Shipping update to follow later this week, possibly tomorrow. Thanks! I want to share my kickstarter experience with everybody. I backed a project that suppose to be delivered in April 2015 and the creator send me update about the shipping end of March, the package it's arrived the last day of April in perfect timing. Zano will be shipped in June and no notification of shipping yet that means for sure in delay, maybe I'm wrong but we are 12,075 backers and we have 6 days until the end of the month. If they start sending notification about shipping this week maybe will be a chance to get it before July at least for EU backers otherwise I don't know and what kind of courier they choose for shipping but if preorders are shipped in July I don't think we are absolutely on track, maybe I'm wrong and this week we receive a shipping confirmation maybe, otherwise is July for sure I hope. I'm worried because we deserve to know if it's something wrong or a possible delay and I think everybody it's more and more quite here. only 6 days to go! Take care everybody I feel everyone's so excited and @Creator has created such hype, with awesome response times and updates during the campaign; it makes the silence, now, so close to the assured delivery date all the harder to handle. @Ian, I really don't want to debate fellow backers, but TG has a Marketing Director that has dropped a few Twitter notes about just coming back from doing some Zano flying. It seems to me he could spend a few hundred £ and take along a videographer to record the fun he is having so the rest of us could see it. BTW, I don't see how posting a video at this late stage of R&D would generate more questions than not posting such a video. Besides, TG Marketing should be thinking about future sales in addition to the KS start-up project. @John D I think it is a case of having faith in a company that has been doing their thing for a long time. Also appreciating the fact that they are preparing to oversee, produce and distribute a huge number of these devices to their backers and customers so yes they are very busy I should imagine. You are right apart from the marketing videos and the campaign stuff we haven't seen test flight footage, do we really need too this would just generate a shed load more questions that would require even more manpower to address. I am more than happy to believe it will do as they say it will do - after all it is what Torquing do. Dare say they will be on their way before long. @Mark Penders - D'oh! Wrong project! Was reading comments in that before posting on this one. Homer Simpson moment. @Simon, I fully understand the risks of Kickstarter, but also expect project originators to make an effort to meet their promises and obligations. BTW, every other KS project I backed has delivered. $3.5 million USD is a lot of money! @Ian, I do indeed read the updates and comments (and independent forums too) and have not seen a *meaningful* update from Torquing Group for a long time. And certainly have not actually seen a Zano fly outdoors or send back pictures. Have You? I do see a lot of the same pictures of pretty cases and logos and read the press releases written by Marketing. Bottom line for me, being too busy to complete a video of a Zano performing outdoors is a lame excuse at this late date in the project. @All hi I always read something new here. I'm thinking we are at the end of the months and no part7 of Zano video is published yet, I understand that it's a lot of work for all the team and they really work hard for us but will be great to know more about part 7 release because in the last update the team explain " will be released really soon" I hope to see something this week. I have seen the box of the new Zano ready that means we are not to far away from the shipping date. In the last update Ivan didn't explain about the production will be interesting to know more how many Zano are ready to be shipped. Maybe I'm wrong but if Zano has to pass 2 weeks of lab testing I think will be shipped first week of July but it's only my opinion . I understand that this is part of the risk in the kickstarter campaign but more update and news I think everybody deserve . Last thing . What about the shipper company the team explain that 2 weeks ago has already sent all addresses to the shipping company for check up everything but it's no more update about that. I hope to really here something great this week. Take care everybody and all the Zano team @John-D Why on earth did you back the project in the first place if you have concerns about the creators ability to deliver what they have promised? This is a Kickstarter after all, you're not backing an already proven device but taking a risk that the team will be able to deliver. For my part I have seen nothing to indicate that they won't be able to do so but, equally, appreciate I have no control over whether they actually do so. @Ian G G Smith Giroptic = Torquing Group? But apart from that, I totally agree with you @John - D do you actually read the updates and comments from Giroptic? Enough said really....... . Am I the only backer that finds it odd that we purchased a small quadcopter that basically needs to fly outdoors autonomously and send back pictures, and here we are near the end of the projected month of first product shipments and we have not seen a Zano actually do either of these functions. IMO, we should all be concerned about receiving a finished product in the next few months with the basic features working before we dream about the 100+ other things it can do; should do; or will do. Still waiting ! When can we expect shipping ? Please give a reliable information. Hello all! How good would the below be linked up to the Zano: <url>" I am in the same condition, but Micro Drone 3 fly also with IOS and Android !!!" Only as a RC controlled Drone via the smartphone. (Micro Drone 3.0) ZANO flies via smartphone in autonomous mode. Two totally different functionalities. Bob @ Bob Katayama. I am in the same condition, but... Micro Drone 3 fly also with IOS and Android !! @Doug Conran Re over pledgers, I received the below from Joe at Torquing on 18/06/2015 Hope this helps Hi Gizmo I’ve been informed that we will hopefully be looking to ask customers about their over-pledged data early next week. If all goes well then we plan to email with a link to a shop to select additional rewards and will provide some expectations with regards to deliveries soon. None of this will impact on your delivery time. Hope this is of value to you. Best regards, Joe @ Bob Katayama. I am in the same condition, but Micro Drone 3 fly also with IOS and Android !!! I, too, am an over-pledger awaiting an email but I'm pretty relaxed about it all. This is just my view but I'd say that TG are working flat out to get original backer pledges (at least 12,000 of them!) out of the door before they start considering over-pledges. In a way they are similar to pre-orders and will, I'm sure, be dealt with once the original backer backlog has been fulfiled. So I'd say don't expect any sort of over-pledge email until after Zano delivery is well under way. @Holger Thanks for that. Pretty exciting! :D Nice ZANO packaging boxes. <url>`t think the Drone you are promoting will really put the frighteners on the Torquing team they are experts in their field and are about to launch an intelligent - swarming - collision avoiding - GPS device. Micro drone has its own merits I dare say, but in my view isn`t a patch on the Zano. We shall see soon we will be zooming it about and seeing just what it can do. I will not be rushing to back the Micro-Drone any time soon. I will see how Zano does before hand. once more: Good day for everybody, Please be so kind and keep me inform about real delivery time. Thank You. Henryk KOTAS I have just received the below email which makes me hopeful again about getting my over pledged rewards i.e. extra batteries & propellers(not included in the reward levels), also on a previous email he confirmed they would be shipped with our original Zano reward level as Reece mentioned a while back. Hi Gizmo I’ve been informed that we will hopefully be looking to ask customers about their over-pledged data early next week. If all goes well then we plan to email with a link to a shop to select additional rewards and will provide some expectations with regards to deliveries soon. None of this will impact on your delivery time. Hope this is of value to you. Best regards, Joe As far as I've picked up any over pledge is going to be shipped and ordered completely separate from your original Zano. If they are waiting in certs they must have the production well underway now if it's a matter of certification and immediate shipping. I also had a similar email to the one below from Joe at Torquing However he would not explain why they have not yet sent an email to all of those who over pledged to collect the list of add ons required so they could feed that into the logistics chain for when they are ready to ship our much anticipated Zanos. I completely understand that they can't give a firm date yet for shipping until they get the certifications, however this should not impact on them collecting the data from the over pledgers. I would have thought that the sooner they get the information back from the over pledgers the smoother it will be for their logistics chain. Hi Stevie, Good to hear from you again! We should hopefully have a firm date for initiating the distribution process soon; As per Update #25 we are currently awaiting compliance certificates, which are pretty much the only obstacle that could prevent the shipping process from beginning in June at this point. After that, ZANOs will be delivered based on locations and the order that the manufacturer produces them. Hope this helps. Best regards, Joe, Team ZANO 12 days left in the month. I'm hoping 7 reveals a lot and answers these questions. Hopefully they are flying off the production line these quiet dats and we'll have an announcement very soon Looks like the folks at Zano have gone dark on us. This should be of major concern to all of us. There was so much information and transparency and now when it is due to be shipped, there is silence. I expected delays, however, he lack of information is now becoming deafening. are UK investors still looking at a June delivery estimate? There's no wind at the moment. @Ivan I hope in Part 7 this weekend I'm so happy to see Zano in action I understand it's a lot of pressure for everybody. But I'm confident to see a good footage this weekend. I have a lot of friends that keep asking me about Zano they really want to see him soon. Wow... Go MicroDrone3.0 !! Nice one :) It has a camera gimbal ! & all parts are interchangeable... ooh yeah :). Be interesting to see how far Zano is pushed... Tumbleweed..... Come on guys, your investors are begging for an update, good or bad. Please. This user's account has been deleted. I am going to have to stop backing these exciting projects , find myself wishing away the month in anticipation of flying this Gizmo! Not good when you are getting on in years LOL! Hi ZhiQi Ang, many countries in europe use also 230V, so don't worry, it's a normal standard for the chargers to support this. Hi there, i was wondering if the chargers will be able to adapt to voltage differences in Asia, over here we are on 230 volts. Can we get a quick update on the UL certifications? This is what might hold up shipping so it would be nice to hear where you stand on this. Any comments on this new quadcopter? <url>#/story Bob @creator please reply my private message No news since the end of May (except for a 5 seconds video that Reece posted on Twitter). IMHO it's better to stop asking stuff on kickstarter and in the forums: I think that @creators don't want or don't have time to answer... Has there been any comment from the Torquing Group folks at all? Have I missed an update, it seems to have been quite some time since the last official update!! Guys.. Stop post other Kickstarters or even indiegogoindiegogo fraud crap here.. This commands are for Zano only or related question's.... Hi can i use iOS device when Zano has shipped to me end of the month or I have to wait ? I use only Ios device at the moment. Will be great to know before. I hope to have Zano soon and Ios software ready. If somebody know more than me please post a comment here thanks. I hope to see Part 7 this week also bye Man,,the waiting is killing me But !!! Only for Samsung !!! it would be great if this controller can use the for zano controller. <url>#/story It's only $25.00 USD and seems like a really fun one to fly. Bob Good day for everybody, Please be so kind and keep me inform about real delivery time. Thank You. Henryk KOTAS They are making 'Creating Zano part 7' these days all about the footage from the camera No email received yet about my over pledge What about some new photos or videos of the ZANO? Maybe some impressions of the manufacturing itself? Anyone receive follow up email for the 'over pledg'? @creator message on June 2 'We expect to be contacting the "overpledgers" in the next 2 weeks'. Hi I am sorry that I miss the address confirmation email. Could you resend it? Kelvin @Ian G G Smith we know now for sure that the picture on the KS page is _not_ the new Zano, as the 2 sensors above the camera have moved to the side of it @creator when can we get the confirmation for our delivery addresses..I'm not sure if my address is what u want. Thanks Any SG guys also having same prob? Hi there Can I check delivery dates? I think I might be out of the country when it's due to be delivered; I did email but no reply yet - I assume you're all busy with the project. Apologies if I missed a response. Regards Jonathan @Sandra I have a tiny quad copter I bought ages ago about smaller than Zano and have crashed it more times than I care to mention. Never broken it though. Zano with all its built in flight controls and collision avoidance will hopefully make my frequent crashes a thing of the past and provide only soft landings in future. I am a rubbish pilot hopefully the guys at Torquing will have built something even I can fly. That was my reason for backing the project. Going to look like a real pro flyer! Hi what do you guys think about the main board of Zano. It's look great but in my opinion I'm a little bit concern about the main board because if I'm not wrong I can see all the microcircuits and if I crash and something is wrong ?!! I have to replace all the mainframe ? I hope not . Let me know what everybody thinking about it. Thanks anyway i like the design @reece_crowther: Hi Steve, had a great fly today! Stay tuned for further updates :) Tweet from @reece_crowther 3 fully assembled production ZANOs ready to be put through their paces! #flyzano And a picture of three white Zanos side by side Team Zano you promised a Update and a video a few weeks ago. Where is it ?! If you can't hold any promise then tell us with a short update! Don't tell us you don't have time for a short 1min update. Everyone should chill out - Go and have a look on the forums. There is a plethora of information on the beta tester accounts and everything else there. You will not have one yet. Looking forward to seeing the product. Keep up the hard work Team Zano! Any update from Torquing please. I sent PM regarding my login to the beta site, but nothing back on that either. What is the current time line looking like at present. You must know. ...what a deafening silence... John, I got an update on Wednesday saying that they're starting to shoot Creating Zano part 7. We all got to be patient here. Everyone was shouting their heads off that there was no survey, we got the survey. This is my first kickstarter and I'm very happy with all team zano have done compared to another venture I've backed since, I haven't heard from them in 4 months!!!!! @Simon Speaking of a dichotomy , how exactly do you "Give credit to the Zano team for what they have done to date..." when they haven't posted a meaningful update in over a month? And everyone should ask, "why do they have a Director of Marketing if he is too busy with getting the project completed that he can't find time in the day to provide updates?" Sorry, nothing more to do with Zano, this comments now !!!!!! This user's account has been deleted. +1 Simon, Patience people patience. +1 Simon, well said. "Flying a Zano is like making love to a beautiful woman" - Swiss Toni <url>`Area 51` somewhere in Wales filling up with Zano`s about now? As the despatch forecast date approaches surely some must be hovering off the production line by now? Slackers... I've been working 17 hour days :P Latest from Reece to my Twitter so please be patient: @reece_crowther: we start filming for creating ZANO part 7 tomorrow. Priority is firmly on actual development at this stage and not documenting it. Patience is appreciated by all at this vital stage, the team is working 14+ hour day with no weekends off to ensure the best ZANO experience for all of our backers It's not a case of not being able to wait for what will be an amazing product. Like Hans said it's about the spirit hitch came for regular updates and involvement +1 Gizmo hey zano-team! keep the spirit from the first days ongoing =) you do great work and most of the backers CAN wait ;-) have a nice evening @all If they ship at the end of June I would be very pleasantly Amazed due to the fantastic drone they are supplying However if it ends up being July or August I would still be impressed due to its complex nature Keep up the good work team Within the last hour Zano has retweeted posts on Twitter but hasn't provided any form of update to their backers despite the clear out cry for an update over the past week. Is retweeting tweets the best use of time? I hope they ship soon, and not at the end of June. I was planning on going on vacation and taking my Zano with me. any updates @ Torquing Group Ltd ? No!!! But shipping not to far away. As I don't have time to read through 6000 comments have we been told when we night actually video of a working Zano with footage / stills from it? Anyone received an update for over pledges? They are aiming to get shipping closer to the end of June as they've certificates to get passed for each country. An update on camera footage will be expected within the week. I agree that we need to get the fun back into this project from everyone. Please try all, please. @Hermann Renz considering that we're only 9 days into the delivery month I think your post is quite aggressive. You should calm down for now and save your anger for them end of the month imo. Congrats to the winners, but guys, the only thing what is interesting to most of us is the question: When the hell will you deliver ????? With all respect, but you got a lot of money from us and i think it is time to fullfill your promises. And lotteries do not satisfy me at the moment. P.s Congrats to the winners : ) Guys every backer has every right to ask any questions they want, as long as it is not going against Kickstarter policy!!!!!! It's getting really annoying reading the comments and all we get to read is one backer scrutinising another backers comment and it goes on and on and on........ If question is asked either help to answer it or let the Zano team choose to answer it or not.. Please just bring the fun element back. : ) Congrats to the winners of the lottery. I guess I am going to have to stick with my black zano @Michael Banks, Backers asking for meaningful updates at this point of a project is hardly a "frenzy mode", it is a basic expectation. And the bar for Torqing Group is probably set higher because of the numerous communications we received up to about a month ago. Congratulations Iain and the other two winners. @Caio Gama ... You should be able to send an email to <email> for help if you did not get the email for shipping address survey. Keep in mind that nothing has shipped yet. Just checking I haven't missed any updates concerning the discount code / info for backers who over pledged? Anyone received anything yet? Just watched the video and was shocked to find I'm a lottery winner. I'm over the mood, you've just made my week. Thanks Iain Congratulations to the lottery winners! Hey, I'm backer of the project, but I didn't receive any email about shipping. Who should I talk to? Cheers, Caio Gama. hi there, from which country will Zano be shipped ? thanks It's normal around the finalising of KS projects that backers start to work themselves into Frenzy mode... There's a new post on the facebook page <url>"official" forum does not have any recent meaningful posts from Torqing Group managers either. Just the same type of user questions and speculation I read here. +1 Wei ...others, go to the forums @ <url>"suddenly" we are in the promised project delivery month. In any event, overly pessimistic opinions have the exact same value as overly optimistic ones. Pixy( CMU cam5 ) watch the video here on kick starter .. This little object tracking can is fast.. Real fast ! :) Everyone who is **** and complaining about " what if's" you should stop. The rest of us are waiting patiently to get our Zano and it will work like promised and will only get better with time. If you don't like what Zano has to offer, you shouldn't of backed the project. Funny how all of "you" are coming out of the woodwork suddenly... Not complaining - just interested how Zano will keep a target in its camera viewport. It has no camera gimble, keeping a steady target would very difficult.. Yes? I'm interested how they plan to achieve this? ... Note: I have a "Pixy Cam" another KickStarter campaign that incorporates really fast object tracking algorithms to have the camera track multiple objects... Perhaps Zano team might want to look into it. IMO, this project was way overpromised from the start and the odds that a functional ZANO can be delivered in June are slim; likely not much better for July either. The big drop in meaningful updates and general communication from anyone at Torquing Group suggests to me that reality has set in. I truly hope my instincts are wrong. @Ian G G Smith "..,unlike many others, do what they say they are going to do , deliver on time and deliver a quality product." I really don't see where all those remarks are based upon. While I really hope all the above will happen and I'll be the first to congratulate them for it, it still remains to be seen. Anyway, all we have to do is wait a few more weeks. Good grief! People! Torquing from the outset declared themselves to be a leading MILITARY drone supplier, therefore I think we can assume if the make drones for the military that they can do the same for the commercial market just as well. So far they have run a fantastic campaign, kept to their word delivered updates on time and clear statements as to what they were doing. So what if they haven't posted any actual video from the device I for one take it as red that they know that there is going to be no problem so haven't needed to do so. They are a professional company producing a quality product.Why is it that days from the start of shipping people are suddenly asking about video quality? In my mind it was worth the money just to be a backer of an English company who, unlike many others, do what they say they are going to do , deliver on time and deliver a quality product. I might even get a pedestal upon which to keep my Zano with a big sign on it saying Made in Great Britain some thing we seldom see these days. I have enjoyed following this campaign because it was interesting and well presented. As it should be. Torquing have done a brilliant job. I'm reading a few comments regarding not seeing any footage from the Zano which has got me thinking. As there's not been any actual footage from the Zano they should have mentioned this during the project video that all footage was not from the Zano. I'll be a bit miffed if there was motion wobble and stability issues due to a lack of gimble. To be honest, I would feel a little cheated as would naturally assume the video was footage from the unit, and not from an alternative drone!! However, we've not seen footage yet so this is all speculation from myself. Hello I think and i hope next week to see a new footage of Zano camera module and more I'm so happy about this project and I really want to try Zano soon this month thanks. Gillspie, send a direct email to Reece and team, as sometimes comments here does get missed! And maybe when you do get answer you can send it here so others may benefit from it. BEANY, If your memory is short, I copied directly from their notice when I posted "All of our backers (even if you didn't over-pledge) will receive a FREE £10 shipping discount to be used in our FlyZANO.com store."? If you work for them then please identify yourself as an employee.. Otherwise, if it doesn't bother you then you "chill dude" and stay out of conversations that don't concern you. Any job vacancies @Torquing Group? I'm starting to love this company... ;). ;) ;). :P This user's account has been deleted. What happened to "All of our backers (even if you didn't over-pledge) will receive a FREE £10 shipping discount to be used in our FlyZANO.com store."? Wouldn't it be considered to be a breach of an agreement to now go back on that and require a minimum purchase of £50 ? Lol no problem it is fine, ; ) Oh bugger Very sorry Me & predicted texting don't mix!! @Gizmo will you ever spell my name properly lol ; ) @Aziiz A Pleasure.. Thanks Gizmo! We are all finally getting to the end, what a journey!!! It's good to see familiar names that have been on this from day one!! TC Hi Aziz, Thanks for getting in touch through the comment section. We will be contacting customers regarding 'over-pledges' soon! Best regards, Joe Please stop chatting about shipping at this stage. It will be closer to the end of the month and I'm sure Zano will have it well publicised when they are ready. I'm as excited as the rest of you but we really need to be patient now and wait out as any little chat about anything is getting people wound up When will the winner of the gitd zano be drawn? So excited to get this, spewing it's still a couple of weeks before I'll even be contacted about my over pledge; + shipping to Australia to that list I'll easily be waiting until July I rekon... @Aziz Ahmed Reece posted the below 2 days ago We expect to be contacting the "overpledgers" in the next 2 weeks. Thanks for your patience. Cheers, Reece I still have not been contacted about my ' over pledge ' Reece I did send you an Email. Hope to hear from you. Guys your talking about shipping??? Does that mean we received details or logins for the over pledge we did? Because I am still waiting to find out how I do that. @Nik Zano nothing has been shipped yet, so no one received a tracking number. I'm not sure if we'll receive one. Has anyone received a tracking number? Will we receive one? @TeamZano - you guys have done a fantastic job and I can only imagine the work you are putting in to get this project out the door. It would be nice to hear a status update on production, video examples, etc. Any information is welcomed! Another sweet video update would be appreciated � I am fairly sure that sometime ago Zano mentioned in built image stabilisation. I should imagine that image stability and targeting will be dependant a lot on flying conditions and wind being 60 grams in weight. End of the day it is and always was intended to be a very clever selfie machine. I am looking forward to giving it a go. As for video processing my home gaming pc will probably produce an adequate result. Never the less days to go before we are getting air bourn. Yeah I am guessing we are not going to get super smooth footage from the start. They have the super computer for post flight editing. Hoping that is really effective. Having had a parrot drone, you were always fighting the jello effect on the video I worry about the video feed.. We've yet to seen the video quality.. Yes? The camera is not mounted via a gimbal so any video footage taken of the Zano in motion may suffer badly from targeting its subject. How's the camera stabilised... It must suffer in some respect from motor vibration. The guys are doing a great KS campaign. They're -until now- in my top 3 of campaigns. But ohohoh, they better not deliver me a plastic piece of shit :) Hi I think they did really well. I appreciate all the Team really friendly and always in contact with all the backers. I'm happy that they verified all the addresses with the ship agent. Well done. At this point I only wait for Zano to be shipped and part 7 of zano video. Thanks A very well run campaign, informative, friendly and good fun to be part of. Would definitely encourage me to back future projects. Very professional and diligent company to deal with. Pity all Creators are not as good. Well done. Touring was true to their word. Got an email today asking to clarify my address. Thank you! Very proud to have been an EARLY backer of this project! Count me in in the next tourquing project ;) Pretty awesome how they run this campaign. You are the best @TeamZano Thanks Tjark, sorry didn't see it before I want to invest in Reece's next project! @Aziz, if you scroll down just a bit, you can see, that Reece stated, that Torquing Group want to contact "overpledgers" in the next 2 weeks. +1 JB Coulter. Torquing, you know how to run a Kickstarter campaign. Pretty flawless! Zano takes top spot as highest crowd-funded project - congrats!!! <url>"HOUSE NAME/NUMBER" FIELD WAS LEFT OFF THE PREVIOUS ADDRESS CONFIRMATION E-MAIL. REST ASSURED YOUR "HOUSE NAME/NUMBER" DATA HAS BEEN COLLECTED IN OUR DATABASE, IT WAS SIMPLY LEFT OFF THE PREVIOUS MAILMERGE. THANK YOU FOR BRINGING THIS SMALL OVERSIGHT TO OUR ATTENTION. PLEASE SEE BELOW THE ADDRESS, COMPLETE WITH HOUSE NAME/NUMBER, WE INTEND TO SHIP YOUR ZANO TO. WE APOLOGISE ONCE AGAIN FOR ANY CONFUSION CAUSED BY THIS. THANKS FOR FILLING IN THE KICKSTARTER ADDRESS SURVEY. BEFORE WE SHIP, WE WANTED TO MAKE SURE YOUR ADDRESS IS CORRECT. SHOWN BELOW IS THE ADDRESS WE WILL SHIP YOUR ZANO TOO, IF IT IS CORRECT THEN YOU DON'T NEED TO DO ANYTHING, IF ITS NOT QUITE RIGHT THEN THIS IS YOUR CHANCE TO UPDATE IT BY CLICKING THE BUTTON BELOW. Davao Bayan Construction 15 Alvarez St. Davao City Davao Del Sur Philippines 8000 PLEASE NOTE WE CANNOT SHIP TO PO BOXES (EXCEPT BFPO) SO IF YOU HAVE ENTERED ONE THEN PLEASE CHANGE IT TO A REGULAR ADDRESS. It looks like the USA addresses are still displayed incorrectly. In the USA, the house number and street name need to be on the same line. If it is displayed the way you have done, then it is possible the package will not be delivered and will be sent back to you The correct method is as below: Tom Jones 100 Main Street Woodstock, GA 30189 I dropped the team a quick note and they responded very quickly, thanks guys. I have a European address so wanted to confirm my address format, they are working with the courier to ensure all is correct. Suggest you drop them a mail <email> if you have concerns. Same as the other backers, 2nd email about address is still only showing the postal country and nothing else. Can I make the changes on shipping address? Still the wrong address even after 2nd confirmation. Only displayed a portion of the house number, no street name or postal code. Pretty sure I submitted my address via the link (at least 3 times, once after the first address confirmation email this morning). Can i suggest that we are displayed the address we entered when we login flyzano to update the address? Or can we have an email channel to update address info as clearly the flyzano database implementation isn't done very well @Reece Thanks for the update for the backers who over pledged Gizmo Just received the 2nd email about confirming shipping address. It is still not correct. The first Line should be the Name but it contains the house number, which is expected after the streename. It needs to be corrected, but the supplied link only shows: "invalid user id". Therefore it is not possible for me to update/change the address. No problem at all !!! Because : data has been collected in our database ,so ?? Hey. Even tafter the 2nd confirm email. It is still wrong. It didn't show the postal code and my street name is not even fully correct... Please get back to me by sending me a confirmation email on my address again. I submitted yesterday once but you ask me submit again. I have submitted twice. Please send me the confirmation of my address ASAP Just received another address confirmation email from ZANO, my address showed right now. (I didn't fill out the last re-submit address email) I input the address already, how about the survey for over pledged order? I haven't fill in what I need for my over pledged amount Just received an email from ZANO. Evereything seems to be fine. It was just (as some already assumed) a mail merger error. "OUR SINCEREST APOLOGIES, THE "HOUSE NAME/NUMBER" FIELD WAS LEFT OFF THE PREVIOUS ADDRESS CONFIRMATION E-MAIL. REST ASSURED YOUR "HOUSE NAME/NUMBER" DATA HAS BEEN COLLECTED IN OUR DATABASE, IT WAS SIMPLY LEFT OFF THE PREVIOUS MAILMERGE. THANK YOU FOR BRINGING THIS SMALL OVERSIGHT TO OUR ATTENTION. PLEASE SEE BELOW THE ADDRESS, COMPLETE WITH HOUSE NAME/NUMBER, WE INTEND TO SHIP YOUR ZANO TO. WE APOLOGISE ONCE AGAIN FOR ANY CONFUSION CAUSED BY THIS." Guys my number was missing and what I did was put my house number in both the first two lines, house number and street name, issue solved!!! I just sent an e-mail to <email> (which they say on twitter is their address to send to, or does anyone else have a different address?) urging them to respond, here or on their forums. The silence is NOT helpful. I understand that they might be scrambling to fix this, but at least give some sign of life, guys. Is the shipping by UPS or USPS? how did you do the address .. I put my co address on the street no line and the street no and street name on the street line Mine too...just received the survey confirmation but No Company address which is very important they only put the street number...resubmitted the complete address with the company name...hope they will correct it this time. shipping to work address.. what line are you suppose to put the company name. got the survey confirmation back but was missing my company name I am missing both house number and street Name.. =( Can we have just Address Line 1 and Address Line 2? I am living in apartments and this way of address is so inflexible. The same - no first line which contains my house number. I re-entered the first line as well. Hope that it takes and that you have my full address. Many thanks Yes, I had to re-enter the first line as well. Sounds like it's happening to everyone... Including me... Well i didnt wanna resubmit a survey in case something messed up, thats why im waiting on zano. I hit the email button but stopped filling the form out again and closed it. They should see our comments Looks like I am not the only one with no house number in the address. I have just resubmitted my address and I hope you do have my correct address. Yup me too, missing the first line of my address which is very important. I've resubmitted but I did enter it the first time around so hopefully it's correct this time. Thanks. Another one here with a missing house number from the address. I've resubmitted the survey, but would like to known if the address is correct in your database. This is frustrating experience with your website so far. Back in May 13 when I first receive the first mail about entering address, the link in the email does not work and brings me to an empty page with error "Invalid ID". I contacted you guys and you manually put in my info for me. Now I receive the mail to confirm my address, like everybody else my Unit number is missing. It caused more frustration when I try to update my address, and I get the same invalid ID page again. Is there any particular reason why I keep getting invalid ID page? Is there something wrong with my ID? How can I update my address when the links do not work at all? There are 800 units in my complex and my ZANO is going to fly to somebody else's home =( Me too. No house number. And, of course, no field for company name or floor number, which are often very necessary if you want to deliver at work and your office is in the same building with other companies. Doesn't inspire confidence that even the fields that *are* in the form apparantly just get lost. Maybe the with the absence of a street number is kind of like a IP Broadcast and everyone on your street will get to enjoy an Zano. :-) Wishful thinking, but as people have mentioned, this is likely just a mail merge issue with their database. However, it would be nice to be able to login and verify what they have rather then relying on an email. As when you click through to the link, the form is not pre-populated with the data it currently has, so there is no real comparing/validating what is in the database. Hopefully, label printing will go off without any hitches. Also, no house number! Must be in the mailing list merge code? I have sent a message via kickstarter to confirm. Hope it all works out. yeah also had the no house number, just redone the address just to make sure tho Is there a way to confirm you have correct address? I received the confirmation of my survey and noticed my address was incorrect so made necessary changes. Guys i got the no house number thing showing up too. @Zano what do we do? Also someone who has keep up with the comments, could you post a summary and label it (COMMENTS SUMMARY) Until zano gets on here? Then people just keep reposting that everyone in awhile so people can stay in the loop In Italy,but i read that in all nations is the same. I think that number there isn't only in email confirmation!! I hope. Also in my email confirmation there isn't number of house!! It's normal or i have to resubmit the address!? I'm sure i write it the first time!! Thanks. I would await confirmation officially from Zano on here. It looks like it could be a mapping issue on the email. Don't start changing your address just yet! This user's account has been deleted. @HMC Many Thanks Also no house number listed for a UK address. And no confirmation email when I re-entered the address, so no idea whether that will get picked up correctly or not. I am not sure that email really send by Zano, so i will not re-submit my address though that email before reconfirmed by Zano. Ah ... I'm not alone ... house number missing in The Netherlands My house number was missing but I know I put it in correctly originally, I imagine their email just missed of the numerical field that's all. Same here, no house number was listed.. entered it again. Dutch address. Just received re-submission email and my address also missed House number, How do i make sure this time it did receive the house number? HK address was missing house name & number ,now resubmitted it ok? or I will receive address confirmation mail again？ thank！ @RL i ha the same exact thing I filled it in again Just received re-submission email and my address also missed House number, is that from @Zano? @Zano team, next time please post an update to let us know before you send out the unnormal email. I am one of those affected by them not being able to ship to a PO Box and have messaged the Creator, though posting here just in case the message is overlooked. I live in a mobile home (RV) and generally not in a place for more than a week or two so getting the physical address thing is tricky. Not overly sure what will happen.and am hopefully not the only person in this pickle. Hi, I just got the email requesting an address re-submission. I'm based in the UK and would like to make sure that you have the correct address (not totally confident in the re-submission form as it looked exactly the same as the previous one.) Could someone from Zano please get in touch and confirm that the new address is now correct? If it goes to the one I was emailed it will never make it!! Thanks Same as below...anything to be worried about Creator? This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Same here my UK address was missing house number.....now resubmitted For U.S. Backers, does it make sense to put our address in like : House name / number : 1234 Apt 100 Streetname : Cherry Ave Sounds like the their address database has some real problems This is what I did below If someone from Zano could let me know with another email what actual address they have for me? I had the same problem The house number was missing in the address I re did it and entered not only the house number but also entered the street name in the house number field. I again entered the street name in the street name field. Same here - house number missing on Singapore address. This user's account has been deleted. The address confirmation that was sent out today did not show my house number - Please update us that there will be a house number when ZANO is shipped out! I received an email to confirm my address. But the address received is missing name and housenumber. Also the order from top to bottom was mixed up and won't work. I f i click at the provide link i got: invalid user id. Looks like ZANO has to check this. At least provide a working Link. Heads up that the (odd) format of address request I originally received separated house number from street name. In U.S. these are usually combined on all forms. Received a ZANO email today asking me to confirm address, and the form had dropped the house number I originally submitted. So heads up and be careful. Looks like ZANO dropped ball on this one. I entered my address correctly the first time, but the confirmation email does not show that I have a house number. As nice as it'd be to have a huge mansion, I'm not the only house on my street. I know I entered my house number because you have validation preventing me from leaving the field blank, so can you please let me know that you will be including my house number when you ship? Thanks, Ryan I also got an odd e-mail. I could put in a U.S. street address ok, but couldn't see a place to put my apartment number. i received a mail asking me to confirm my address which your system recorded incorrectly. I do not have a UK address so the format is different. I have changed my address back to the address I originally entered, could you please advise how I can check this is now correct? Thanks! I have over-pledged but not received an email asking what I want...I'm sure they have it all in hand. ANDREW @Gizmo - Has anyone who over pledged received an email yet asking what they require to be shipped with their Zano? I over pledged & NO I have NOT received an email asking for more info except for validating mailing address. And honesty sick of it since I have received 3 of those emails asking for address validation w/each time confirming address. Has anyone who over pledged received an email yet asking what they require to be shipped with their Zano? Reece, Ivan, team. Any latest on an add on range extender you mentioned quite some time ago? Very interested in this if it will be available :) It's June and the countdown has begun till we get our Zano!!!! Really can't wait for summer to start properly and get outdoors with this amazing tool. Zano team, you're doing great work, keep it up and get 12000+ Zanos in the air!!! At Micheal Banks the zano is a flying camera the weighs about 60 grams it was not designed to carry anything other than what is built into it - a camera - micro sd and a battery. Since it has what looks like pretty good collision avoidance why would it need prop guards? With product about to go into production after a brilliant and well run campaign and regular updates that questions like this would have already been asked and answered. I am just looking forward to the fun thus gizmo is going to give me. Hi zano team, jun is just around the corner. Can we have more frequent updates? We haven't see the camera quality for pic n video. On top of that, the stability is important to take good pic or video. It will be good if you can share with us ... Thank you Is it possible to clip rotor blade protector rings to each Zano arm... ? What's the max. payload a Zano can carry ?? Sandra, Stephen, all zanos come with a set of extra propellers and a spare battery. Sandra, read the pledge you backed and it'll tell you what you get with your zano. I think most if not all come with spare blades Hi everyone one question. As a kickstarter backer I will receive also a free extra set of propeller or I have it to order separately ? thanks Me too, till today, I didn't receive any survey. Could you send it again? thanks To film 3D, you need to have the cameras at a constant static distance apart in the same plane. I do not believe that you will ever be able to achieve that with two drones unless you physically connect the two together via some physical mount. @Thomas I don't see why it can't be done in swarm mode, technically you can also film 3D with 2 Zanos if everything is responsive enough. @Li-Lun Wang: VR Require new cameras, higher bandwidth for video and very low response-times so you don't get motion sickness. I think it will take 1-2 years before we see that in such small units as the ZANO. Google just announced Google Jump during I/O today, which is a VR platform. I'm wondering if it is possible that ZANO with its swarming capability can integrate with Jump to create VR experiences. @Rudy, yes let's combined our purchase soon to save shipping cost. let's see if we can find more Zano backers in Singapore. can't wait to have a flymeet with you guys at the Gardens By The Bay or any location at the Marina Bay. :) Update from Ivan: Good afternoon all, I have been quiet on here for the past week or so as we have all been flat out working on everything from streaming video, to final board refinements to compliance processes. The good news is we are still on track. Zano's will be ready to ship before the end of June. We have had a few bumps along the way, plastic parts have been delayed due to a tooling issue but we should receive these very shortly as the tooling has been amended. Personally I have been working on streaming video from Zano. Getting a high speed shutter and minimal jitter from the video feed, testing the camera with the motors and all RF devices running at full power to ensure there is not digital noise showing on the video. Its all great and working beautifully. The RGB display's are in full production, we have one component change to do on the top board (just a change to a components value) and then the top board is ready for full production, we have removed some parts from the flight frame after our successful EMC test as they aren't required as Zano is much quitter electrically than expected. Once those updated Panels come back, they are ready for the full compliance spectrum of tests from human body static discharge to testing noise on the USB to full EMC spectrum analysis. All very exciting and once it passes these formal lab tests, Zano goes into full production. So far all good, the only thing at this stage that might prevent us from shipping in June is waiting on the various compliance certificates. However we will be ready to ship to each region as the relevant region certificates as issued. This is a legal requirement before we can ship but rest assured we will be ready to ship as those certificates arrive. Now as to when we can expect those certificates, we are waiting on a project plan from UL with the various lab bookings and other various dates. As soon as we know, we will let you know. Its now long now :-) We are also going to start working on loads of cool videos too shortly. We are on track to integrate all the new code together next week and get the new app connected to Zano and streaming live video and completely live. So everything from gesture control to the various automated tasks. So its all good and I will now go quiet again for a while as we need to stay focused to stay on target. Lots of late nights yet to come but really exciting results. Next time you hear from me, I will have some more exciting news. If you have questions please email <email> and they can assist or direct to you the relevant team. Have a good afternoon. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano @Cyntia Morgan I addressed this during the KS campaign and it was answered in one of the KS comments. If you search for the wiki on the KS campaign, you should be able to find it. @woofer Me me me! :) Yea.. I would prefer a 1 time free shipping voucher than a $10 off @Patrick McManus , That's a very good idea. Anyone here from the Garden City of Singapore? :P Do have one rather trivial question: I backed at this level-- £290 reward: 2 x FIRST EDITION WHITE ZANOs. You will receive 2 x First Edition Black ZANOs ... Just out of curiosity, which is it? Black or white? Doesn't really matter to me if it's black, white or one of each, but it'd be fun to find out...thanks. @All: Everybody who has already over-pledged won't need the £10 shipping voucher as the additional items will be shipped together with the Zano. Therefore you also don't need to reach the £50 minimum. Idea: In the forum there is a map with Zano backers world wide. Maybe you could connect when you live in the same area and order for several people at the same time. This would make it easier to reach the minimum. @ Reece Thank you for clarifying! I backed Zano with 149£. If I understand it right, I over-pledged 10£ and i will be contacted to decide what I want to ad to my Zano. But what if I want a zano carry case for £25? will this be possible (if I pay £15 extra) or do I have to spend exactly that £10 over-pledge amount? Or: Am I getting the whole thing wring? @Creator -- The ability of reaching the £50 limit seems to be hard to hit unless you are buying an extra fuel cell, a couple batteries and a couple of props. I think that it would be great if you were able to offer something like 15% to 20% items less than £50, that way a discount is recognized for all. As for myself, I was just looking for maybe two extra extended batteries and props, which in no way add up to £50. This user's account has been deleted. Still doesn't address issue of the additional £10 postage cost for those who did not over pledge and want an extra few small bits weighing a few grams and cost a lot less than £50. It would be better to give people to option to delay the shipment and manually input the order since postage has already been paid. Reece, Thanks for clearing up the confusion & that does make it very clear. I will await further contact & can smile once more.. Gizmo @ Nam Hoang Nguyen: Found this by scrolling a bit down, 'Torquing Group Ltd' posted this 22 hours ago: "We are launching a new website shortly. This will be a new account database (different from your current FlyZANO.com account). We will migrate or sync the current FlyZANO.com accounts and the new ones over time. We will automatically upgrade your new FlyZANO account to your BETA tester status." Hope this helps... Hi there, I've just created my account on FlyZANO.com by the same email address used to purchase and receive updates/messages on Kickstarter. However, there is no information about my Kickstarter's pledge as well as the survey I filled out. What can I do to review and manage my shipping information/pledges and make sure you guys be aware of all information I want to update? Thanks, Nam So, I created my ZANO account on Flyzano.com. Waiting to get my pledge info transferred to this account... :-) Per update #13, I increased my pledge by £15 to include 2 extended flight batteries. If I can't get that, will you be refunding, because I don't see myself spending $50. Hi there, I am concerned about the shipping address portion of the survey because my country's addresses are usually written in a certain way to facilitate the postal service in knowing where to send the mail and your survey does not allow this,instead your survey requires things like state,city, etc.Things which my country do not have but is required to be filled in the survey and I am afraid that it might confuse the postal service.I have sent an email regarding this matter but I have yet to receive a reply and I have even posted a thread in the forum too.I see from the other backer comments that there are other people with similar concerns too. Thank You Hilmi Frazier the survey email was for your address only. You'll get a discount code for the website which will be valid till the end of June. Hello, I don't believe I received an email regarding the survey Hey Torquing, I received what I think was a survey, where I had to fill out my address etc, however it didn't give me options for my over-payment (for things such as additional battery/wings, etc.) was this on the survey? If so, maybe I didn't receive the survey then and I've checked email/junk. Thanks! @lostintallaght We seem to have different views on that, because I still think, the updates should come via kickstarter and there should be no need to search different places in the web. But as there was an update, we are now all 'up to date' and everything is fine. For backers, when we go to your web site, do we create account or ? please advise how to log in and view our orders and make changes to it!! Me too, haven't receive the survey. I am backer #3100. received the Beta Tester but not the one regarding ship to address Teddy, from what I have picked up is that we will get our zanos late June. I am one of the 3000 who haven't filled in their survey yet! I have a question though, I realise you mentioned in the last update that you cannot confirm the shipment date yet but would it be possible to confirm if the shipment will be before Sep 2015? The reason I am asking is that I'll be moving to another country and my shipping address will change come Sep. Alternatively, would it be possible to change my shipping address at a later date? Am moving from an EU country to another EU country. Reece I am one of the many who over pledged to get the extra's ie extended run time batteries & GITD propellers which were promised to be shipped with our Zano's in June & for all backers to be set up in a VIP group to receive extra's at a special kickstarter price. Can you confirm that both of these items I mention will be honoured by team Zano? I noted you said you will contact all people who over pledged by email but this needs to be out in the open for all to be aware off, also this will save you having to answer the same 2 questions again & again via email enquiries. Many Thanks & I am still Very much looking forward to receiving my Zano(hopefully with my extra batteries etc). Gizmo They are suppose to resend the emails to the 3000+ people that haven't responded to the survey in the next week or so I still haven't received survey. I am backer #4690 Just an FYI... The survey came from: <email> Subject: ZANO KICKSTARTER SURVEY If that helps anyone locate the email. I haven't received any survey email whatsoever. Just using Gmail, nothing in spam folder. @Arthur Here: <url>"Unit XX", nor company name, you only have house # and street name! As we now have to create our own accounts on the flyZANO.com how does this get linked/upgraded if you are a beta tester? Shouldn't be long now until we all have our hands on one of these. Will be interesting to see what sorting videos people do! @simon agree too! from the forum ... "Although there is no hard and fast date that we will deliver by, we are still on track for delivery of the first units in June. As soon as we have the final, tested units rolling off the production line, they will be boxed and shipped immediately." (ThomasD) Hello, I have not received the password yet, is there any problem? @Ian G G Smith, I could not agree more. Of all the Kickstarter campaigns I have backed this has been the most professionally run I've seen. The creators have been open and communicative and responsive to an incredible degree despite the fact they are still busy working on Zano. Some of the comments here are ridiculous and some backers don't know how lucky they are with this team. Give them a break and accept that they have other priorities than sorting out minor admin problems at this stage of the process. Timescales slip especially with complicated projects and delays are almost inevitable at some stage. Given some of the things I'm reading, I can't wait to read the entitled comments from some on the 1st June demanding to know where their drone is. I successfully created my account on Flyzano and want to order more parts. On update #20 you said we would get a £10 discount to cover shipping. How do we get that discount? I am ready to process an order for parts and it wants to charge me for the shipping. The site of ZANO but is not answering emails. We support, we want news, innovations, deadlines. @lostintallaght I say that, because I rely on the official mails. I am not willed, to search information on Twitter, Facebook, Website or Forums. Why should everyone search all that sources, where Zano could easily send a mail to their backers? Personally this has been one of the best kickstarter campaigns I have backed to date. People complain when there are too few updates now it seems too many. They said June shipping so if they ship in June it's job done. @Sandra,I am sure if you put the correct address they will do the rest. They have run this campaign really well so far am sure they aren't going to mess up the despatching. @Heiko Vogt There was an update on Twitter by Reece saying it'll be end of June for the shipping. Why do you say there is no update about a possible delay when there is an update? The problem with Zano is that there are updates here, on Facebook, on Twitter and on their own Forums. If people only monitor one or two of those places then they think there is a problem. Unfortunately people have to monitor all the places to see all updates. I hope in great news soon. Will be great to have an email reminder for the shipping address like kickstarter way. I hope they got it the right shipping address because I tell you the truth I'm not so confident about the confirmation after I fill out the survey, because it's only a message but nothing like automatic email confirmation that prove that they really received the shipping address. Maybe I'm wrong and before shipping will be a confirmation of everything. In the meantime take care everybody. Refer to the update#20 on April 20 *Note: All of our backers (even if you didn't over-pledge) will receive a FREE £10 shipping discount to be used in our FlyZANO.com store. All backers will also be in a special "Kickstarter Backers" group on FlyZANO.com, which allows you to purchase all items in our store at discounted "Kickstarter Backer" prices. Today is May 26 but still awaiting the email to log in, what's going on? But 5 updates in april and not one in may. It doesn't take so much time, to send one mail to inform about possible delays. Guys, I saw a post on Twitter by Reece that it'll be late June before we get our Zano. Please be patient and good things will come. We're just all winding each other up. The guys are probably mad busy getting all ready for us @Sandra you can be assured that once accounts and stuff are created, you'll be notified by many on KS and the forum. It will happen in the coming days/weeks for sure @Ivan Hi I fill out the survey one week ago but no update and no password for the Zano website. Ok I understand it's a lot of work for all the team, but will be really nice to have update about shipping process and also about Zano production. Did you send also tracking number? Have a nice day I hope to hear from you soon with huge update thanks again my backer id is #2420 Hi i Still not received my survey.......How much i have to wait more............ That does not work :/ Any one received the email to create a password? to create a password @Heiko, thanks very much. I missed that one ;) @Doug, no I'm not kidding, I was asking about using the technology. The 580g cell you mention is for use in a large drone. What I was asking if we could get a custom fuel cell appropriate for the Zano. If you read their web page you will find that they do custom solutions. Hi how do i log into the fly zano website to get discounts? sam I was just about to post a comment about the shipping bonus, I can see you guys are already ahead of me! @Patrick Update #20 free shipping discount, useable until 31 may. This is the response I got I guess we just have to wait a little. I'm sure they will extend the voucher period. We intend to make an announcement regarding account creation and ZANO Online Credits soon, so our advice is to hold tight and stay posted until then! Thanks for getting in touch. Best regards, Joe, Team ZANO @Heiko, what shipping bonus are you talking about? The shop of TG is not event open and as far as I remember TG will create accounts for backers as soon as they have collected all the shipping addresses. Okay, let's wait, what happens. But still I have no account, 7 more days to spend the shipping bonus. No answers to mails, so what can I do? I think, that is no good business. @Heiko no 7 is upcoming according to one of the responses on TG's page on Facebook Well, I sent 2 Mails without response, and there was no official update for 4 weeks. I think, that's strange. @sheri, your dove is on the way. Keep looking for it everyday, hard to tell when it will show up. Sounds like you sent 10 emails or so, you haven't had a response at all? Find that hard to believe @Sheri have you confirmed your address for the Dove to get to you. Lol @sheri yes I've a red zano ordered � Also there were 2 doves in my back yard yesterday, want one sent over lol @derek Doh!!! I sent 7 emails thru their website, 2 direct messages here, 1 message I n the forum. Do u have a dove I can borrow or should I hope in Devine intervention.?? Thanks :) Everyone who is complaining about not being able to login or other issues you need to email Zano directly. The comment section on here isn't the place to get issue like that resolved. There is a good chance it will be completely overlooked on here @Ivan I remember u said , it would be possible to get red zano (color different from LE) instead of white or black....still true? Where we up to now with the surveys, any update as to what number we're at? hi, i saw the post on your instagram account, can you please tell me if the part btw the battery and the fuel stick will be the accessory used to charge the battery for those who won't buy the stick? will it be inluded in every order? thx This user's account has been deleted. @Tim Wood, max speed of zano is 25mph (about 40kmh). To have a good constant position and a calm flight I would substract about 20% of the max flight speed of zano. But I'm just guessing ;-) @developers or anyone else that might have followed development of zano..... We've seen Zano in video steadily moving along in front of a cyclist. What is the max speed that Zano can fly at and still maintain constant position in front (or behind) the controller. Thanks I got the mail for the Survey 4 days ago, but no further info to log in the Account. I'm slowly getting nervous, because there is only 9 more days to spend the free shipping discount. What is the problem sending the login data? Hi Ivan, I just read about these fuel cells for UAV that can power drones for several hours, do you think that this could be used with a Zano? <url>#10925 Still not received my survey backer I'd #10975 Thank you lostintallaght! @Kevin. Posted Friday 8th: Good evening everyone. Well I promised I would let you know as soon as I heard about the pre-EMC tests for Zano. It passed both the RF specific and the general emissions without issue. We still have work to do, but the result is superb. The full certification process can now be started. Anyway, thats all for now. Have a good weekend. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano I might have missed it, but how did the electronics testing and certification go? Will we be notified once the account is created for us? Hopefully so as I assume that flyzano just wanna cfm our emails and addresses for the sending of the packages for now That is great news Stephen, I was hoping this functionality would be added. Great news that flight paths are going to be included to zanos capabilities!!! Hi Stephen, You'll be pleased to know that creating predetermined flight paths for the ZANO is a functionality we intend to include! Hope this helps. Regards, Joe @RL use this email address and ask this question. <email> The survey only request address, how did you know extra add-on? I got my form in the email and I am excited to get my Zano flying but do we have an ETA on the arrival of our aerial selfie sticks? @ivan How are u? I'm one of the extra pledge backers...can't get to retrieve my password to access my account. Sent message here, and to support. Hope u guys can help. Thanks To : Team Zano , You guys are AMAZING..!!! Hi Woofer, We intend to make an announcement regarding issues such as account creation and ZANO Online Credits soon, so our advice is to hold tight and stay posted until then! You'll be pleased to know that as a Kickstarter backer you'll be entitled to an extra set of propellers. Thanks for getting in touch. Best regards, Joe, Team ZANO Received survey, those that went for the super early bird black edition check mail box Junk just in case. Can someone please clarify my understanding, thanks. From the previous updates, ZANO Group mentioned that once we filled the survey, an account will be created to log in to FLYZANO.com and another email containing the password/ask to change the password will also be sent to our email. But I haven;t received any emails after submitting the survey. Do we need to create my own FLYZANO.com account using the same email, and to allocate the over-pledged amount? @Doug Thank you for your answer! Cheers!! @Patrick - no worries,. Completing the survey form for a second time will just overwrite the earlier data. See the forum at <url>#1796 Pledge: Super early bird first edition black ZANO and standard carry case. Got the survey one hour ago...! :-) Just one thing: since we don't have a county over here (Luxembourg, EU), I put the same name as my town in that field. I think (and hope) this isn't a problem... I am in the reward tier with 806 backers, Early Bird Black Zano, and I just received the survey this morning (2 hours ago.) I received my survey around 15:45 yesterday. Now getting excited, I am sure those not yet received will do very soon. By far the best ks project ever, Your support and active discussions here after the end of the campaign is amazing. I received the survey and submitted my personal information as well, I can't wait to get my hands on your zano! @Creator: Have a look at this - it might be a challenge for you: <url>÷1 Guys you will get your survey, please be patient. They are putting out the survey by tiers, not by ordering date. Read the item you backed to see what else comes with it, I know I get 2 spare sets of props. Read previous posts which have been answered several times before you post again and again. Roll on June.......its Zano time � A colleague of mine received the survey although he backed much later than me. Strange... Checked my spam folder every day. Hi I didnt receive survey not yet. so I have several question. When can i receive survey? and When can you send ZANO? I really hope to touch ZANO ASAP. Hi I found a problem with the survey. It's not a https protected link? I don't feel safe to fill my personal data with the form. Is there any wrong with the link? Thanks! Eccles Will there be any tracking number send to backers after the Zano has shipped out so that we can monitor the shipping process? Reece: How many percentage of backers has been contacted? which estimates of contact 100% of backers? 14 days to June Sorry to repost this questions as never been answered: Can we make order of Extended flight time ZANO battery and a Zano Fuel now? to be delivered with the same package as the Zano? Does Zano comes with an extra set of propellers? (like almost all drone now comes with a set of extra propellers) Same as Dag, I live in Spain and it's street name, number e.g The Avenue, 13 Ok I finally got the survey Survey landed today Got the survey today as well. Looks promising and for me it would be the first crowd funded project that appears to be on or near the targetted date! "Hi Chris, Thank you for your email, we will shortly be sending out an email to those who have over pledged asking them to choose their additional rewards with the remainder of their pledge. Thanks TeamZANO" Got my survey today ---#8000+ @Creator - I just filled in my two surveys. There is one field for street name, and another field for house number. Please keep in mind that you need to write house number after street name in a shipping address for Norway. Thanks. Got my survey. I agree about phone number. I still haven't received a survey A few issues with the survey form; -It inst clear where the apartment number should be documented. -it would be nice if there was a review page before hitting submit button. -You should request phone number. some of us have pledge large amounts of money and it would be ideal if our phone number was also added to the shipping form in case there are issue with shipping. Wouter. I think they wrote that they will give 10 pound discount when you order instead in the kickstarter shop. You will have kredit fot that amount you have overpledged. Sandra, £189 for the red zano pack Based in France too. same Exact same story here. I wamt to know how zano set the tier of different backers..... I'm backed "SUPER EARLY BIRD FIRST EDITION BLACK ZANO and Standard ZANO Carry Case" but still received nothing except beta tester mail months ago..... What about when u overpledged? When do you get the chance to fill that in? Arthur. You verifierd ur pledge when you wrote down your kickstarter E-mail in the survey. I pledged for a LE White and have just received my email survey as well so they are clearly rolling off the assembly line (the emails, that is) at a rate of knots, now. At this stage it is purely to get delivery address, no other information is being asked for. I received my email, but, it made no mention of the actual Zano that I pledged. It only asked to verify my email address and for my shipping address. Should I have received a comment verifying my pledge? I would appreciate some help with this. Received delivery address request email. (Limited edition black) Just confirming that I have also just received the survey. Back the Limited Edition Red. Hey guys, Some info to put you minds at ease. Just got the survey a few minutes ago. I backed the LE RED reward just so you know. I assume the Torquing team are working through the reward levels from the ones with the fewest backers towards the ones with the most backers. If you want to scour your spam/trash folders use the info below: The email subject looks like this: ZANO KICKSTARTER SURVEY The sender is: <email> Don't worry, i'm sure they'll send all of them out really soon. Have a good one! @Sthepen hi what kind of reward you have? I'm 164£ thanks Your survey for address will arrive. Mine just did. Please be patient and it'll come in good time It's just arrived in my inbox :D :D :D The survey is no big deal. It's just asking for your current address for shipping. It's not asking for extra items like the extended battery or propellers. I think the idea was to create a shop account for each user and give the over plegded money as credit in the shop. Just found it in junk folder... On the camouflage teir and have not received any survey... As many other backers, I also have not received the survey. The first week of may was quite a while ago... Hello, I have not received my survey yet.... One more thing my tier is 164£ 2663 backers. If anyone with the same tier get the survey please post here thanks I appreciate that. Bye @creator hi I haven't received the survey I'm a little bit confused 164£ reward early bird first edition black , I hear here somebody in the camouflage Tier get the survey before me but I don't understand because this is the tier after. I was thinking that the survey will be sent in tier order ? I hope to get it soon as possible thanks I haven't revived my survey email yet....... Ive not got the survey. Eagerly waiting. Received the survey on friday (CAMOUFLAGE Tier). For those still waiting for their survey email, my guess is that they've started with the reward tiers that have the fewest backers and are working their way through them based on the numbers of backers. Reece tweeted me saying that they're looking forward sending out our Zanos next month � I haven't received my survey yet either guys and I did get a Beta conformation months ago. Patience is key at this point, hopefully we are all about a month away from getting our Zanos! @Creator are we still expecting the shipping date to be sometime next month? Apparently my iPhone autocorrects Aziz to Azia. You have a wonderful Sunday too Aziz. I backed the project and "Extended Cut - Creating ZANO Part 6 - SDK" I wanna get the information about the proccess of the project and the possible date of recieving the dron Where can I write my address information for delivery? Sorry Guys I kept saying ' Ivan ' I mean Reece. ; ) NP Randy, ' AZIA' LOL. Have a great sunny Sunday. : ) ok Azia...you proved me wrong. I just read your comment about not receiving the beta email. I stand corrected. Yeah Azia, I agree with you that backers do have the right to ask. I think it was mentioned that 400 surveys had gone out. That represents 3% of all backers. It's not like torquing is going to respond to thousands of backers asking about the survey...they would likely say "be patient, we have sent it out to 3% of our backers". I was simply trying to provide some perspective for those who haven't yet red through comments, updates, etc. if you recall, the same thing happened with "beta emails". Countless people asked as they hadn't received them...with some patience, most/all who asked eventually received it. 5800th comment ; ))) And your right lol, I think 25 tiers in total, bilaady hell ���� Randy, thanks for the comment, but with due respect we as backers are in our right to question or ask if we are unclear about anything. And yes you are right Ivan did not mention which tier, which kinda makes sense now, so thank you for that. But I think many are asking as some email do end up in Junk or auto delete like mine, so it helps to know when we should look out for it or expect it, this will help the creator from chasing backers later on and also gives backers a peace of mind. ; ) For those wondering/asking about the survey, it was said that 3 tiers have been sent out. It wasn't said that the first 3 tiers were sent, the last 3, or any specific 3. There are many tiers, and some have significantly more backers than others. If you didn't receive a survey (me included) just be patient. If Torquing delivers a message saying "all surveys have been sent out", and you still haven't received it (and you checked your spam), THEN post a message with your concern. Until then, no need to post about not receiving your survey. Just be patient. Nicolas, at least you got email for beta and survey, I have not received anything! Although as many backers here would no me for being one of the early backers and also regular comment,, anyways I'm hoping it's a system glitch that Ivan will get sorted. : ) Hello everyone, Are there new French in Zano adventure? I received an email telling me that I was the last Beta tester March 1 but nothing since, there has there other beta testers in France? And Thursday I received the email to confirm the delivery address of Zano but no posibility to add additional parts (batteries, propellers, etc ...) you know how to take delivery of additional accessories at the same time? Last small issues, they talk of sending in June, do you know if there is a specific date? Thank you to you Nicolas This user's account has been deleted. hi, im a backer of the said project but still didn't get any survey email. Kif Man: 郵政信箱佢寄應該沒問題， 問題係香港郵政收唔收。 另外， 香港沒有zip /postal code , 如果要強制填的話， 就000000就行了 Hi Zano please check mine, as I was a Super Earlybird backer, so I should have received it! Cheers guys Hi zano team! I am a backer of the GITD zano And I have just filled in the survey for the address. I have some problem about the address: 1. I have been already filled in the survey with a P.O. Box address. But will the delivery accept a P.O.Box address? Coz I don't have a valid postal address instead of the P.O. address. 2. I did not see the where I can fill in the quantity of the extra battery and props that I order. How I can let u know what I want. 3. I don't think Hong Kong have a zip/postal code. So I just put 00852 in the blank space. I don't no it is correct or not. Please zano team! Give me a hand :( Kif Man Hi I'm 164£ reward Early Bird First Edition Black. I didn't get the survey I have to wait next week I suppose what everybody think about it ? Thanks I backed for a GITD Zano & received my survey yesterday Hi guys, not one to panic! However I was on the 2nd tier but still not received the survey. I think it was mentioned that all 3 tier survey sent out? Why so much media coverage on the Lily drone recently - like it is first in market. Zano is much smaller and looks way superior... This user's account has been deleted. @Jacob, yes you are fine. I haven't revived my survey email yet, is this normal? Mandarax: If you're comfortable disclosing, which reward did you select when pledging? Surveys are being sent out by TG based on rewards so far, so it would be nice to get an idea of how far along things have progressed with surveys...and for those in the same pledge category that may not have received the survey yet! This user's account has been deleted. It´s sad to know that I write you 3 times in KS and then in the official WP and did´t get a answer, I know I´m from Guatemala but still I´m think by the map I´m the only one how believe in ZANO and expected a lot. Please at least let have a feedback in this place to know if your able to read my emails. Regards and hope to hear from you soon. Fantastic news, I knew from the start that this project was much different from the rest on Kickstarter. Incredible communication, dedicated/talented team members and a fantastic product. Looking forward to summer! Great news! . . . . . . E X C I T I N G . . . . . . @creator are we still looking good for June? What is the likelyhood of a June/July delivery to Australia? I really want this by my holiday in early August can we make order of Extended flight time ZANO battery and a Zano Fuel now? almost all drone now comes with a set of extra propellers, how about Zano? Since the e-mail does not come we come become everyone anxiety. Please neat description if delayed for. Hi I have not received an email to update shipping info in may at all but you do have my shipping address from kickstarter right? Am i still able to get the spare batteries and propellers or is that over? if possible how do i do it? I got a tweet from Reece this evening: @reece_crowther: Hi Steve, survey's are being rolled out as we speak! Keep an eye out. More info on BETA Tester program shortly! Thanks! There's really nothing in that ars technica piece that concerns me. As Alan said, can't see them hitting the June/July shipping date but I'm expecting a late Q3/early Q4 shipping date. Haven't get the survey yet Only 400 survey emails have been sent out. Patience. Any other people not received their surveys? @woofer - thanks for pointing out that article. Interesting read, but I for one am looking forward to the author eating his words in the Sept. timeframe. I think June delivery is REALLY optimistic, but I think by Sept. we backers will be outside playing with our new selfie-bots... ;-) Eye Wow the way things are going it looks like Zano will be my first ever reward from a kickstarter backing. So far have been very impressed by Torquing Groups updates communications and enthusiasm which has made the whole process of being a backer really special. Their videos and confident no nonsense approach to their goals have been really impressive compared to every other project I have backed. I am looking forward to receiving my survey once they have proved their system and ultimately to receiving the bad boy Zano itself. Have already invested in a brand new mobile phone upgrade to ensure I can get the best out of it. Exciting times ahead for us all I reckon. I must admit I don`t use the forum as much as I maybe should but have been more than happy with the level of communications on here and the friendly and helpful community of commenters who also inhabit this space. Keep up the good work guys most definitely the best run Kickstarter I have backed so far. Hey guys, hope all is ok! Just wondering roughly when the last surveys will be emailed out! Only so I can keep an I out. Cheers the drone will be ready in time? when we have news that works and is being produced? Just got my survey. Just sharing : <url>"Invalid user ID" error and there's nothing much I can do. I don't really get the problem of this survey..... ;) the shipping date is more than one month away from now on.... ;-) My poor refresh button :P is there something wrong !!!! Is there something wrong !!!!!! I'm sure the toss and go feature was mentioned before, maybe I'm mistaken though. It'll definitely follow the subject. Lead & side would be nice functionality. hi! is Zano capable of the same features as lead/follow/side and throw&go? <url>#. If 94 survey were sent out I should have received one as backer #69. But no hurry - I just wanted to inform the waiting crowd. I'll bet every1 will get it as soon as possible. I am refreshing my email page every 2 minutes :P This user's account has been deleted. Nice reading your update Reece. Keeping an eye out on my inbox :) Ready to reply when the mail comes in :) I'm taking the opportunity to ask a question that has been pending now for some time in the forum, hoping you or Ivan will come back with an answer on the next update. What camera did Torquing settle on? Exciting stuff, thanks Reece! How do I change the shipping address? Thanks Reece for the update!! I'm so excited to receive the email and Zano next month!! Bye Awesome. Thanks Reece for the update. You guys are doing a great job. Reece Thanks for the update, looking forward to receiving my survey as that will bring me one step closer to getting my Zano!! So did any one get the Survey thing for shipping ? Said it come in first week of May I check my mail and I just have last up date This user's account has been deleted. This user's account has been deleted. Survey is rolling out, got mine. Slight technical hickup but rectified within hours...., makes me feel confident that the Zano team is very committed and dead serious. For all those asking about the survey....it hasn't been sent yet. Rest assured, once it is sent you will see a ton of activity here and on the forums with people mentioning they received it. Looks like torquing may start with a small group to make sure it is working prior to sending it to all 12k backers. yeahhhhhhh Anyone got an email? I haven't yet. Any ideas on a UK delivery date? I thought we are supposed to get a survey/email sent to us to collect our shipping address. The first week of May is over...has the survey been sent out already? I dont see anything in my Junk or Delete mailboxes. If the survey has already been sent, is there anyway for people who somehow didn't get that to fill that info in? I'll be very surprised if ZANO does not ship with the OV5640 camera module, as standard. Thanks Shaun. Think people are looking for the specific camera module that was ultimately selected. Torquing inferred that multiple cameras were being evaluated a few months ago, and listed a few model numbers that were possibilities. There were distinct differences with the quality of some of the footage that was in the forum threads. I think people are hoping to find out the final spec of the selected camera. See <url>"Technical Specifications" 5 megapixel HD video camera As is isn't getting answered in the forum, what camera was selected? Evening, Is there any news on which end of June delivery is likely? This user's account has been deleted. Hi Ivan and team Regarding the email being sent out to confirm all details, set up an account etc, can I suggest that a notification be sent out via this to say that all emails have now been delivered as I still haven't got anything about being a successful beta tester and nothing in junk mail. Just I'm afraid that I and others won't get this and delay everything as we're all very excited about your work and getting our Zano I don't see the harm in sharing other projects when this campaign is over. Generally that is not frowned upon. This was even related. Furthermore there are several threads on Torquing Group's own Zano-forum about other drones. No harm done. ...at least not until you back something on Indiegogo, because yes, the projects there often seem a bit more shady. ;-) love the updates... keep em coming :) @Ivan Awesome news. Thanks for the update Good luck :) Ash Hi Ivan & the team! In update 20 it mentioned that an email would be going out in the first week of may with a unique link to create an account online. Is this still coming this week? Just curious. Ash :) Plus that drone looks like every other standard micro out there, except they bolted a camera to it... Yawn First don't share other projects Second indegogo is a disgrace and projects there should be scrutinised very carefully Just saying..... i saw this mini-hex at <url>`t worry it will arrive before too long. No survey has been sent, yet. Btw. @Team Zano: have the winners of the GitD Zano already been announced you wanted to give away to some lucky beta testers? Can someone confirm the choices etc of what we bought and where we want delivered is still all in the pipeline? It's totes going to my junk when it arrives and I will need to rescue it. Thanks, Oliver @Sam, and don't forget the air pressure sensor, which gives zano much better (relative) height information then GPS. So don't worry, the combination of GPS and air pressure sensor will prevent a drop of zano ;-) @Patrick. Thanks for the info! Sami = Zano @Sam. As far as I understood the video, Sami has been set to a certain hight for demo purposes and without GPS function, as it was indoors. So it was only using sonar. When you start from your balcony Sami will also be able to use gps and thus father additional location information (incl. hight). So I'm confident that Sami will not drop. I'm also sure that Tourquing Team Zano definitely took care for this issue. Any word about the emulator release? Hi! In the last video (great one by the way ) we saw Zano adapt the flying height when passing the edge of a table. Now i'm a little worried because I want to start Zano from my balcony and it is about 8 meters aboveground. Will it be possible to prevent Zano from adjusting the flying height? Paul F, that's what I'm talking about! not to mention the motors.... very interested in the life of the blades... since they reverse rotational direction so abruptly.. Maybe we could get motors as quick as this for zano version 2 :) <url>� @T Kap: As long as you don't attempt to fly the zano in the cabin... ;-) this might have been said already, but will you be able to take this on a plane The app that was thrown together to demonstrate controlling the Zano via XBox controller.... will that app be available anywhere? For the times when I do, for whatever reason, want to manually drive my Zano, I would greatly appreciate the availability of having the option of using my XBox controller instead of using the display on my cell phone. Icing on the cake would be being able to plug the XBox controller into my Android phone for a mobile r/c experience. @Hitoshi Kubota - the control 'sticks' (along with many other things) will be configurable in the Zano app. I have a question. Does Zano's controler have swichable stick control of mode 1? It seems to be only mode 2. Asian peaple need still mode1. ------------------------from JR Transmitter mode A helicopter transmitter has at a minimum two joysticks (called gimbals, or (colloquially) sticks), each of which moves in two orthogonal directions. All except for the collective control are centered by springs; the collective is held in place by light friction. There are a number of different ways of assigning the helicopter's controls to the sticks, each of which has been given a 'Mode' number: Mode 1 Left stick: Elevator and Rudder Right stick: Collective and Aileron Mode 2 Left stick: Collective and Rudder Right stick: Aileron and Elevator (cyclic) Mode 3 (reversed mode 2) Left stick: Aileron and Elevator (cyclic) Right stick: Collective and Rudder Mode 4 (reversed mode 1) Left stick: Collective and Aileron Right stick: Elevator and Rudder Mode 3 and 4 are very rarely seen. Possibly the most common arrangement is Mode 2, perhaps because it resembles the layout of a full size helicopter. It also allows the use of a cyclic ring to prevent overdriving cyclic commands. Another minor variation sometimes seen relates to the direction of the collective pitch control. It is usual to have full positive collective when the stick is moved to the uppermost (farthest away / most forward) position; however some radios allow the throttle stick to be reversed so it is more similar to full size aircraft. Wow great video. Just one question I read somewhere before that zano will have an emulator made on unity to try your apps before submitting to the zano. Is this emulator, is also currently on develop? Jens lmao, they look like Ninja stars : )))) Monsuier Gerard, SDK = Software Development Kit, comprenez-vous? Hello ! I am french (nobody's perfect !) What mean SDK ? and when will Zano be delivered ? Regards Thank you can't wait. How much longer does the extended battery last vs the standard? Do you plan on 3rd party developers to sublit their work to you , and you in turn add their software apps as in-app purchases via the zano app? How is that going to work, im excited to see what people create with the SDK just wondering , how we will be able to access these apps/ addons? Also since theres 1year free in app stuff, will 3rd party addons also be free? There are low noise propellers but the look like dangerous blades: <url>"programming" that will allow older versions to be used, or will it operate only on the latest version. Got android device 3 years ago. Nigel Did you guys all really think you weren't going to be able to hear the Zano? I think your all being unrealistic, I can easily hear a fly in a room...Great work done by Team Zano i would like to see it could be controlled by apple watch in future @Doug Conran Hi Doug, the answer to your 1st question can be found in the Mesh Networking kickstarter video, if I remember correctly. Cheers ;o) @Creator hi you explain about the app first Android shortly IOS. I use only IOS in June I have to wait IOS app or when I receive Zano I'm ready to go out of the box ? Thanks have a nice day . @Ivan - thanks for yet another comprehensive update. For me, however, it raises a couple of questions:- 1. You say that the secondary frequency (local RF) is (a) different in America and Europe and (b) is only used for inter-Zano communication. What, therefore, are the implications, if any, for when taking a Europeanised Zano to the US (and vice versa, I guess)? 2. You mention that it will be possible to control more than one Zano using a single controller (tasker :-) but what about the reverse situation of one Zano being controlled by more than one controller? This may sound daft but what I'm thinking is that multiple controllers could be used in a games situation with certain controls imposed (see my topic 'Zano Games' in the forum). Ideally, what I would like to see is the ability to nominate additional controllers (smartphones) in either a passive mode whereby the Zano follows the secondary one instead of the main one (think attaching a secondary controller to a dog so that Zano follows the dog) or in an active mode whereby someone else can also control Zano. Welcome back Ivan!!! I/We appreciate the thorough response, here and on the forums. This is the type of info we have come to expect!!! Thanks again. Randy The noise in the video I believe is due to background music that was added. I don't think Zano is that noisy Can the creators address this conern? Very interesting video :) But there is some noise during motor's driving... like many other zanites, I'm all tingley and excited to have seen the vid - thanks guys - you're on to something very amazing. Is it 915 or 433 MHz? What is the frequency range of the remote for the Zano? @Rudy - my first thought exactly. I sure HOPE it was because of the empty space that they were filming in, but now I'm super interested in an outdoor flight video. AWESOME VID!! but just curious though..is the motor sound gonna be that loud? Great video, thanks :) Awaiting to see the follow me function ASAP. I just have to say, I have backed some cool stuff on KS, and this is BY FAR the coolest project so far, I love you guys! :-D So, anybody still having doubts about Zano flying after watching the update? :-P Great video, truly beautiful what you guys have been able to create! I haven't been this excited about something since I was a kid. Thank you for that That video was worth waiting for it gives us a taste of just how good Zano is going to be can't wait to get my two and play Awesome video thanks Team Zano nice job I hope June arrive soon. Take care Very Nice, looking forward to receiving mine, as I am also a beta tester. That video is so cool. Looks like the sensors and software is working great. Well done. Hey guys, the project looks amazing, I can't wait to get a hold of mine! Have we seen any pics from the camera on board a zano? Never received beta tester email either and I've been assured that I was picked. I hope I'll receive the email for the shipping info unlike the beta tester emails which i did not received :( @Daren Han, I think you need to set Zano into attack mode. Show those kids what happens when they mess with a Zano. Besides, those kids need to learn what not to do when the machines take over. Poor zano Hahahah xD What if some kids want to shoot down the drone using rubber band? Can Zano avoid the attacks on itself or it require manual intervention ? Hi I hope June will arrive soon. I really want to try Zano really soon!! In the meantime I'm glad to see next week same new video of Zano I think it's the time to see more and I understand also the team working hard to ship everything on schedule . Next week a good video for us please !!! Thanks I appreciate take care at all of Zano team @David Judd - Not at the moment, the Zano app will only work on Android & IOS. However I believe that there are plans to develop a Windows version later (but no dates yet). Will the Zano operate from a Microsoft phone? I think you guys are handling this project very professionally. I am very pleased. Thanks. Will you be able to control multiple drones from one controller? @Michelle Carden A google search gives: <url>"Announcements and News " you will already have some updates on the testing/production process. as far as I can see things are coming together nicely :) greetz We were meant to get an update but I assume very busy with tooling and development. Really looking forward to next update. Any more word news or update on zano not sure if I'm meant to have received anything by email at this stage or the process of what happens.... Hi Ivan and the team, I hope the community of Zano are well and had a great Easter break. I would like to hope that we can see a glimpse of the Zano on video soon! I think I am at a stage that I call this project my own with others and would like to see our little Zano start to wake up : ). As we are getting very close to the Delivery date. Many thanks Aziz @Randy - i had look but it empty itself after a couple of weeks . Is there anyway to find out if i am on it. as i got in when it 1st came out thanks @Harley - emails were sent a few weeks ago to those who are a part of the beta team. Heck your spam folder. can i ask about the beta tester when do we find out who got it and what not thanks keep up the good work I must say that the whole torquing team have real commitment to achieving the end goal. Well done on keeping up the fantastic communication whilst developing such an exciting, innovative product. Sweet! I am super excited. :) Ivan - THANKS! That is just what I was hoping for. You guys are amazing! Ivan, sorry DOH!! Thanks van, good to know all OK, and glad you all had some well deserved downtime Quite interesting article about toss starting and position locking a of a drone. <url>"no news is good news" but I am having withdrawal. I understand you are all busy focusing your energy and time on the product and I am behind that 100%, but I think we all miss the updates...even if it is "nothing new...all good" However a Creating Zano video would be even better :) @Creators - update frequency seems to be slowing, everything ok / on track? @Ivan from FlyZano The boats I were thinking about are canoes. So depending on the type the size changes. A white water kayak has about 2m length 50cm width, sea kayak up to 7m length 60cm width or a open canoe around 6m length and up to 80cm width. Slow moving or standing still, whilst landing. In the video I saw a hand-land with the drone. Maybe a function like "land where the strongest wifi signal is" would get the drone very close to the phone, which controls it. Then the phone could be placed on the deck and the drone kind of lands on the phone, or very close to it. About the sonar pattern for water. If the drone arrives on time, I want to take it with me to Sweden and want to take some shots on the lakes and rivers. I hope I will not risk my drone! Would be pretty awesome if you could make some basic test with the beta testers. Maybe fly over a pond, to get some data. Basic avoidance, to land on water, in the beginning would be enough and is generally a must have, in my opinion. Summer is coming and people might want to take the drone to the beach or a lake. kind regards Still no video? Ive been patiently waiting...� Not your fault if parts still aren't right. when zano arrive in italy? Does anybody know where can I fill the survey? :) @Creator, since I haven't seen a video of how the Zano is controlled, I would like to ask if a pair of ScreenStick Joysticks (<url>`t mess up what appears to be a steady progression towards your release date. Many thanks for the update. Test flights are part of development. That is what I am interested in seeing. Simple as that. Phew... panicked for an instant! :)) @Mihai I think the problems are solved. The forum site is working again now. @Mihai the forum is definitely down. Hello everyone. Is it just me or is the forum down? Awesome! Thanks for the detailed and thorough update. It made me so excited that I wanted to keep reading. You have a way with words that provides us with a sense of true honesty. My patience is a tad limited but I guess I have to keep waiting. ;) Thanks for the update. Tom more videos of it flying? That's not priority what so ever. You can make all the videos you want in June Kevin - Iv been asking about videos of it flying the entire time and have yet to see anything. It's the main function of this thing and it would be nice to see... Here's another successfully funded project on kickstarter. It would be kind of cool if these would work with Zano. It would make the self flying experience easier, perhaps. Screenstick: <url>"revised" delivery date? It does indeed look like a pretty sweet device that I am looking forward to getting. Anyone correct me if I am wrong, there is no video showing this thing actually flying. Are you still all having a raffle give away for the Zano? wasnt there suppose to be a 'making of zano' video released like 2 weeks ago? @Mike V - yes you will be able to draw a flight plan on a map. Congrats on the full page Popular Science article in the April 2015 issue!!! @Dom - Oh, do you have inclement weather in Perth? Still any pictures of the camouflage design would be awesome! Only 4WD Van in Perth, when I get Zano I'll make some vids of it going off road. Hahaha The VW is for a new work vehicle, I've been waiting since early December for it to be built and shipped to Australia... @ThomasDN - Good God, man, 1 x VW transporter won't be sufficient to hold all of THEM! But, I've just realised that maybe @Dom was intending to get the VW so that he could fly his Zano(s?) INSIDE the van in the event of inclement weather. Will it be possible to draw a flight path on a map? @Doug Conran: Good one. ;-) But the extra room will come in handy for all the zano groupies. There will be groupies. Right? @Dom - You don't need a VW transporter for the Zano, a reasonable sized pocket will do!! Hi Creator, Has there been any further word on the camo pattern for the case and / or plastics? Would love to see some pictures if there are. Very excited only a few months away now... I'm getting a new VW Transporter 4WD Van delivered next week and to be honest I'm more excited for my Zano hahaha @Robert Hoogendijk - I believe that it has been stated that Zano can fly in winds of 20-25 mph (not knots) but I suspect that image quality will be compromised because of buffeting and titl to combat the wind. @Michael Riswandi - It is too late now (obviously!) to alter your pledge to include a case but Torguing Group have stated that all kickstarter backers will be able to purchase items (other than a Zano itself) at kickstarter prices on the flyzano website. I think, though, that you will need to wait until the KS discount facility has been set up. Hi, I'm at the £139 reward (SUPER EARLY BIRD FIRST EDITION) Is it possible for me to pay extra for the zipper carry case as an add-on? Since my pledge doesn't include the case right? I was being told by Zano crew that Zano can fly in a wind of 25 knots! Is this still true? @Tom yes this one looks pretty dire compared to the specs on Zano I am happy to be backing this as Torquing seem to have done a brilliant job so far and keep us well posted and in the loop. As regards the use of Zano over the water I too was planning to use my Zano over the sea in good weather from my fishing boat which has a deck of approx. 2.5m x 2m. I had assumed that the Zano would see the surface of the water as a solid and therefore not have too much of a problem with level flight over calm sea. My plan was to tether to my phone and do some filming of the boat from say 8 meters above and say 10 meters behind then recover onto the deck or to my hand as in the promo videos. I would appreciate and advice on using the Zano over the water before doing so as I would not want to loose it straight away. Hmm the images and general style look very similar to Hex that I backed on here before - the instructions and graphics look the same. It was shocking. Frames broke instantly - non-robust 3d printed. It's idea of hovering was within a 1m tolerance as its altimeter accuracy was bad. I would avoid anyway as their communications was horrible! <url>"water-mode" in which the zano gets a plus one meter height detection to avoid landing in the water....? I have a question about the crash avoidance. I do a lot of water sports and I ask myself, will the drone be capable to land on a boat? And furthermore will it recognise water as a "no land" surface? One scenario I thought of is jumping of a cliff, maybe with the smartphone (waterproof), with the zano following the drop. It has to stop following at a decent height to avoid drowning and maybe dodge the splash somehow. Another could be following my kayak in white water, where again some drops are included. It has to land securely on the spray deck, or maybe the hand. Sure are a lot of impatient backers out there. Time to chill & enjoy the ride people.... We the Backers need to give the team some TIME to do what they do best... yes ?? 12.000 backers, 4,000 individual beta testers and a June deadline for production and shipping and a smallish company to boot, it sort of puts into perspective the size of the task. I did not subscribe to Beta test I would not have the time to dedicate to it. I just look forward to June/July when I will have a bit of spare time to enjoying using this device and seeing the results. There has been a good positive VIBE on this projects comments page I hope it isn`t upset by those who may get left out of Beta testing. When all is said and done all we all really want to do is get our hands on this baby and fly it around in June. This is the first home grown project I have backed on KS and did so not just because it is a cool and very clever device made here in the UK but also because the confident and informative videos produced by the team convinced me they were up for the task. I can say this is the best run campaign and after funding project I have supported and am pleased to have done so. By the way Torquing I hope that somewhere on the Zano there will be the words `Made in Great Britain` something we seldom see these days. (or on the box!) Roll on June sunshine, flowers, long grass, bird song and the buzzing of tiny Zano`s flying through the meadow!! Got my brother to back it too so we can swarm (well pair up) I did apply and have not heard anything. Jim Longley Emailed regarding no email received for beta tester app. When is the survey coming? I sent an email too about beta but assume they are busy and will get to it when they have the time @creator I have replied to the beta emails about the miscompare but to no avail... Could you at least reply receipt of my emails? Thanks Well said Randy, I think we all ought to let the Torquing team get on with producing the units' June is not that far away and they have much to do. I would like to think this will be the first reward I actually receive from kickstarter, my other backed project is severely delayed and poorly updated. Torquing on the other hand keep us informed and are confident about delivering on time a quality product. Looking forward to using it. Still patiently waiting... Juhu I m in the beta grp Ohh,is there going to be any more updates on the camera modules? I remember the creators contemplating on the one that will be fitted on by default to be capable of 4K video taking,etc before, not much has been shared regarding the matter since then. Hilmi @Randy Oh my goodness.I totally did not think about the repercussions.Thanks for the headsup man. @Zul - respectfully, I can't see a way of Torquing engraving backer names on 12,000 Zano's without causing a significant delay in shipping. If you want your Zano engraved, I think your best bet is to do so once you receive it. I am so excited,just received my beta tester confirmation email and replied back to inform them that I have received the confirmation email as requested. Hope I am the lucky backer,hahaha Btw,do you think it is possible to have the ZANO engraved with your name or something?Perhaps this is something that the creators might consider Hilmi @Ivan thanks for the mini-update! I also sent a DM via "Contact Me" sometime last week. I was curious when I can expect to get a response back @Ivan Thanks for letting us know. I was worried like @David as well ;) Thanks I got worried but I am sending one now. From the Torquing Group forum comments, it appears that there could be an issue if you used one email on Kickstarter and a different email to sign up for the beta testing since the beta-testing was open for Kickstarter supporters. If you did use different emails and have not received notification for beta-testing, you may want to go to Forum and send a private message to Robin who should be able to help. Check your junk/spam mail folders. Sometimes it gets marked as spam as its sent to 5000 people at once! Just got my congratulations email!!! I too signed up for beta and did not get an email :( I signed up for beta testing right when it came out and I didn't receive an email either. I registered twice since I wasn't sure if the first time worked. :( Everyone who signed up to be one was accepted Woo I am also part of the beta testing group :). Can't wait Got my Beta test acceptance! Very excited to be part of the team thanks @TeamZano! The beta testing program was not even over-subscribed yet when i signed up. Hey there, I did not received an email for the Beta testing program even though I did register for it.I have checked my junk mail and everything.Is there a problem? Can applying twice for the beta program have something to do with it.But Ivan did say that multiple entries for the Beta testing program would be sanitized,leaving only one valid entry so it would not be a problem. Hilmi got the same mail Got the email and I am in as a Beta Tester... looking forward to meeting and working together with Team Zano and the other beta testers... I'm in as a Beta-tester and i'm very excited how things are going on now. What a wonderful thing to receive this morning, first thing into work "Congratulations! You have made the ZANO BETA Tester team!" SUPER STOKED GUYS !!! Thanks @TeamZano I'm sure I speak for everyone accepted when I say we can't wait to try out our Zano's and provide some awesome feedback to make things better !!! Beta-tester: check! I'm in... :-) I'm in the BETA Tester Team! Can't wait to meet ZANO and everyone here. Got mine too and have it printed and hanging in my office! Go Team Zano! O man..i signed up right after i pledged and i didn't get it:( I'm glad to be one of the ZANO BETA Tester team! Can't wait to get started!!! Yes. Thanks @TeamZano. I'm in. Can't wait to get started ;) Email received - "Congratulations! You have made the ZANO BETA Tester team!" Bring on the next update! Yay I finally got the Beta testing confirmation email � I'm in! check your junk mail Check your inboxes, folks... I just received a notice that I made the Zano Beta Tester Team! @ ivan is it possible to order more zanos for the pledge prize for us ? *has @nick rios - this had not been announced yet. Maybe I missed it but was the winner of the GID Zano announced? This is in regards to the Beta tester applications. Thanks, Nick @Ryan, no worries. I think of it this way. They are completely focused on their critical path to delivery, that is, doing the things that have to be done with time sensitivities in order to ship in June. The survey doesn't have to be done now in order to ship in June, it can be done months from now (well one would think by May at least) in order to successfully meet the goal of June shipments. As this is their first crowd funding project, and a massive success at that, they probably are recognizing that their initial thought of conducting the survey early may not make the most sense (people moving, etc). In any event, I would expect to see a small update about this in their next kickstarter update. @Randy,thanks for the insight. Just keep finding it interesting and a little concerning that Ivan and crew said it would take a "few" weeks after the KS ended to sort through the paid/not paid. Then they would send out the survey for addresses, Zano type, accessories etc. I have back several other KS's and all have sent it out within 3 weeks of funding. I am excited as all others and don't want to miss the survey, so I'm able to get one as soon as possible:) @Ryan, FWIW, my experience with about 20 crowd funding projects (on various platforms) is they tend to send the survey out much closer to delivery. Otherwise you get a lot of people who have moved and want to update their address. So if you are on schedule, why still after 2 months have we not recieved the survey? Thank you for helping us understand this Go ZANO Team Go! You guys are making it happen. Thanks for frequent updates. Great update. Thanks. Jbc Keep up the good work Zano. this is going to be sooooo coool i really cannot wait @Jason Wright: The LED will be removable. This user's account has been deleted. @TeamZANO - Great update and thanks for the pics. Really like the design and looking forward to the video! @Florian: I totally agree. Thumbs up for @TeamZano @Scott - no one has received the survey yet. It hasn't yet been sent. I have still not received my survey? Could somebody help me out this please. Thank you Ivan - great news - I bear with you 'caus you and your team are doing a fantastic job! @all complainers: Being in manufacturing business myself I can only support the path the team is taking. First planning was to raise mone for 1000 Zanos (based on the goal). Now they have to build more than 12.000!!! This is great volume for them, but the possible "issues" are probably also increasing by 12. If we ask one of our supliers that we want 12 times the volume we ordered preliminary - in the same time - I can see some of them become nervous. So give them the time they need - I rather have a video a bit later and instead a bullet proof finished product. Thumbs up for Ivan & team Ivan thanks for the great update. I am curious how the bottom of the case will be formed as I know there has been talk of having the LED panel be modular. If that is the case, based on the current renderings, the case is molded for the LED. Just curious how the production case will handle that option? You guys are fantastic - looking forward to the pictures. @creative - chances are you are a part of the beta group. It seems everyone (pretty much) from kickstarter who wanted to be involved will be involved. No beta tester has been communicated to yet. As beta testing is about software releases, NOT hardware/Zano's, there is no need for beta testing until after Zano is delivered, so probably not high on the list for Torquing right now. As for giveaways, also hasn't been disclosed yet. I believe Torquing is in the process of sanitizing backer data, and will likely communicate this once done. So if we were contacted by now for beta testing we weren't chosen? What about the give aways. Who won those? thanks for the update! Thanks Ivan for the update. Looking forward to the prodcution update. Very excited. You guys are doing a great job. @Derek Morton Good idea, and in video, I think it is capable to back home. It has been almost six weeks since part 5 of the creating Zano series. When will part 6 be out? @creator. So even with the minor issues with the unwanted millivolt noise and parts no longer being produced are we still on target for the June delivery? Hola! Hello Hi Planning to use the Zano for my wedding banquet in january 2016!! Can't wait to have it! Juz a question: Any way to change the color of the drone i chose? I'd love to see a "Home" button that would override any previous commands and have it immediately return to the launching site. I can see many instances where that would not only helpful, but may the only way to save it. @Creator. I think you should be an update on the production rather than in the comments. Great update, fantastic to hear the team is full steam ahead. One thing I like about this project and having backed it, is the regular and informative updates we receive. It is good that despite being busy bees the people at Torquing take the time to keep us up to date. Good luck guys and thanks. @Ivan - thanks for the detailed update. Everything you mentioned looks good, especially the part about "future proofing" the board by designing out end-of-life components. I'm sure it'll serve the Zano community well over the long term. Looking forward to more flight videos... ;-) @Randy Thank you for clarifying that! So next question; what if the change to software that is being tested causes the unit to take damage then? ie Testing a throw in the air to launch functionality, and it plummets etc. Thank you for the update Ivan, along the lines of the Waypoint functionality could there also be included a option to set a point of interest (POI) when setting waypoints on a map which would allow ZANO to focus on a specific point as it flies a designated waypoint route. Hi Roger, plenty of people still post here and talk to each other, and the main Torquing posts are duplicated. The majority of stuff happens over at the forum though. I thought this site wasn't being monitored anymore? I just happen to go here haven't been here for a least a month and surprised to see all the posting's I thought Ivan said to use to Torquing Group?? Oliver - beta testers WILL NOT be testing hardware, only software. Torquing will continue to put out software enhancements, post launch, and it is these software enhancements that beta testers will be testing (on their own zano units). Hope this answers your question. Exciting to think we'll be seeing the end product in 3 months! I think I had a dream about it the other night. It was bigger though and looked different. Ivan when will the Beta testers know who they are and when / what they will be testing? Also, will these units be returned or will Beta testers keep the test unit. I'm assuming that the test units won't then become their actual units. Especially if one of the tests is 'Okay now fly it underwater'. I'm tired. Long day. Hope you are all doing well. Oliver @Jianwei Chen Michael, use the "contact me" link to send Torquing Group a message. You will probably get a faster response that way. You can also got to the forum at <url>� Any news is good news to hear, the good, the bad, the shiny, and the dull... For all the people that are being negative: come on! Torquing are doing a great job so far!!! They have kept us updated and they do have a huge task at hand. Be positive and hope for the best. :D @Logan +1 @creator Don't listen to @MichaelBanks, I personally enjoy any videos that you have time to put up, including the ones at stands. Please keep us posted if you can! Everyone here is rooting for all of you! :) squeaky clean positive videos are nice & all but we're here for the ride... we in a nice way also enjoy hearing about the failures.. the issues the failed flights etc... eg. crash video 56, failed to respond to input video etc... :) what hurdles your guys & girls are running into... but most of all ENJOY !!! Dear Zano... Please please don't post another video of your shiny new exhibition stand(s). I think most backers simply wish to hear about Zano itself. Perhaps a video of flight characteristics would be more than welcome :) Keep up the great work & can't wait for the next update @Alan Hagge +1 Darn auto correct, I meant battery Will there be a backer kit option to get the best better from adding money? @Ivan - any further word on which camera you will be using for the final production run? I'm _really_ hoping you can get the price down based on the quantity to be able to use the better camera (OV5670 with the 1080p60 rate). Please update us here when you have a chance...thanks! @Ivan: Is the ScreenStick (on kickstarter now) for flying the Zano a good combination? @ raulask - Go to backer history, and then select the Zano project. HOW DO I KNOW MY BACKER NUMBER, I CAN NOT FIND ANYWHERE AND I WANT TO BUY SOME MORE ACCESORIES When should we expect the next installment of Creating Zano? No One !!! Not got mine either. I wouldn't worry just yet, I'm sure it's being sorted @Daniel Fletcher I can't speak for everyone ;-) but I haven't received mine yet Hey everybody, has anyone received the survey yet? Thanks Dan As a backer I have been quietly following the comments that have appeared here. Zano has quite clearly outlined what all backers will get in respect to their pledges and have increased the amount of items that backers will get during the campaign. No less and no more. Personally I think I am getting excellent value from Zano for my backers pledge. Zano have also been very professional and open in their frequent updates and it is very exciting to see this concept become a reality through its development stages. People may not realise that the new Inspire 1 recently launched by the well known drone manufacturer DJI at a cost of about £2,400 sterling per unit has a design fault where the propellers appear to fall off and so they are having to revisit this issue and issue securing caps for the propellers to those who have already bought this model!! This does not happen in their marketing videos for their Inspire 1 when they show it flying!!! I would rather wait patiently until Zano gets everything right before releasing Zano units from their production lines than falling into the same problems that DJI are now experiencing by trying to rush a new product to market. Thank you Ivan for all your hard work updating your backers and your patience ;-) I look forward to receiving my Zano when it is completely ready following full testing and the production process is complete whenever this may be. In my opinion this amazing and well produced product will be well worth waiting for! Hi Mark S, thank you so much for the info! Hi Ivan/Torquing Group, i would need a refund please! received some bad news and my family is migrating overseas indefinitely, and we'll be moving from state to state, with no fixed address. So sorry. Please let me know how the refund process is like, thanks! @ Steve Jr, this is Ivan's comment on the forum last Sunday: <url>#p1612 However, as has been noted on the forum the original registration link doesn't work. You may want to contact Robin at Torquing Group via the "contact us" button through the forum. I would really like to get on as a beta tester. I have programming experience. I tried to sign up when it was first offered and the link didn't work. You did answer my question saying registration was now closed. You said it would re-open for non-backers. I'm a backer but if all I can get on as is a non-backer I'll take it. Do you know when it will re-open? I really don't want to miss my chance to sign up. Thank You! :) I've met the Zano folks in person at the 2015 Las Vegas CES show, and me tell you in no uncertain terms - they are dead serious about producing a quality product. They told me about camera and battery upgrades that they either have or are investigating, as well as SDK info. While I wish I could have the product sooner, I'm a big believer in having it right, rather than just fast. As someone who has more than just a passing knowledge of how long it takes to bring a product to market, I have sympathy for the Zano folks ... People who have NEVER done this, can't begin appreciate the amount of unexpected issues that popup and slow development. And that's so frustrating for the developers as well as their clients! I for one, am willing to cut them some slack, and wait for the results. It if stinks after release, I'll respond accordingly. But again, after meeting them in person, I really think they are driven to make the best small drone they possibly can ... time will tell. Looks like this company has copied some of the basic design of the Zano ... of course it's just a toy. But the design similarities are striking. <url>"pocket drone" gave their backers exactly what the zano backers want and they got trash... But here they have told us step by step what they are doing and why ,they have done video's on the whole process so far and givin pleanty of explanations and what is going on and the process of the why's... I personally am enjoying the whole process of seeing this project grow and develop. We all seem to have this fast food mentality of we want it and want it now.. For those of here who aren't worried or skeptical of ivan and torquing group then the build up of the exciment will continue to grow untill we have or little zanos in hand and then the fun will really begin Come june... And no one here had their arm twisted to pledge, we all did by our own free will.. If anyone here has that many worries or concerns then by all means ask for a refund.. I belive if you did that Torquing Group would have no problems giving you your money back. As for the rest of us ... We'll just enjoy the ride.. I rather see it grow and know that come june we'll have a product that was made with pride and integrity and that ivan and torquing group want nothing more than to put out their best work.. Something that many company's should strive for rather than put out trash to make a quick buck /pound .. Example (pocket drone)� Thanks @Creator! i'm just gonna trust you guys to deliver and wait patiently for the updates and the Zano in June. You guys have done a great job and i do understand the hard work that you all are doing to ensure a good quality product! Keep it up!! =D Give him his money back Ivan lol @Thanos - please let Torquing group know that you are forfeiting kickstarter prices for life, and you would rather pay full price. @Randy Alexander sorry for my bad discribsion ..maybe shouldnt use Magic to discribe it. but what i mean is the reason why people use big size copter , its not only for extra power to get better play load and also get a extra power to fight with the wind ....ya you are correct there is many small quad ^can^ fly outdoor such as Hubsan x4 ...etc but you need to control it menually most of time you may need full thorttle to fight with the power of the gust wind...so what i am doubting about is ...how can this little thing with baby size of props can hold that stable outdoor and take video and photo clearly like what the video shows in here <url>#t=53 AND here <url>#t=120 really that stable as what it show in these 2 video ? or it just Zano flying but use another bigger size of quad to take this video ? well... if that is a Really record by Zano during the zano fly and with normal outdoor condision ( not unsual super calm day) then i guess most of us will be satisfly about it... but my question is ....."Really?" since we really never see any video show it is flying and how well it handle the reasonable outdoor wind ... so if i say i beleive them .... thats call ^superstition^ to me. anyways sicne we are all backer , so lets wish it is a great product when we receive it ^^ @Jose Rodriguez Hey i learned something new from your command "once bitten , twice shy" !! its cool explaination ! and YES i am lol... exspsically for some product it seems "too good to be true" i will have this "once bitten , twice shy" feeling ... as i mention above , if Zano comes out and really can record that quality of video with that stable level and super happy to have it in this price ... i would say its over value then what i pay for. I am not sure how well you know Ivan and Torquing group ...to me i know notthing about them, i wanna just wait without any doubt...but what my concern above is also true right ? my trust need to base on something , without any base it seems ^superstition^ to me.... OR they actually post some video of Zano flying but just i missed ? if so please correct me. thx thx ^^ sorry to tell you zano makers but this no video thing starts smelling. Also what I didnt like at all what the fact that you guys said to order extras with the special kickstarter prices until the end of the project and now you give to the backers the same prices . But you guys collected all this extra money for the extras 6 months before you deliver..... as I said things start to smell ....bad @Ron Risman I totally agree. Seriously after all this time Zano makers dont have not even one video with this thing flying? We got videos about everything, almost got videos what time executives pee, but no video of ZANO flying. Almost 1,5 month passed since the ZANO was backed and there is NOT A SINGLE VIDEO of it on the air. Sorry to tell You guys have been doing a fantastic job with updates and getting us all excited that the Xano may actually ship - and on time. However there is thing that really really concerns me. How, in all this time, have you guys got away with not showing us video of an almost production ready Xano actually flying - or photos and video captured by it - or showing it tracking the user and avoiding obstacles? Trade show after trade show ultimately takes time and money - but wouldn't the real excitement come from being able to show everyone what the Xano actually does? Because of all the hype and marketing being done - my gut tells me you want the media, consumer and other mfg's to believe that the Xano is actually superior than it really is. We've already backed the project, so why aren't we getting a first hand demo of what our Xano will be able to do? Hey guys!!! When will I be able to add GPS to my zano pledge!?? Anxious to all the future updates and to finally get my Zano flying!!! aaaah, nice video of embedded world - you guys just doing this all very well! keep on your way of developing zano and stay calm ;-) you have so many backers behind you! just step by step =) you guys rock this cool little drone! Video of Zano at Embedded World 2015 <url>" Kickstarter Zano TA with a code and the amount of pledge. I think is correct if somebody want to reply I appreciate and thanks again Good job and take care Thanks for the update Ivan. You are absolutely right. Take your time to insure everything is working perfect by your definition. This is very crucial...if a single mistake gets by it may very well be on every single zano. That's 12k rejects. This is a very important time for Torquing Group. Please don't put more unnecessary pressure to rush them for silly videos and pictures. Be thankful they reply as much as they do! @David Ko , i can see and understand your concerns.. But i may be wrong but i think that since you've had a bad experience with the pocket drone , that it may be as they say "once bitten , twice shy" .. In other words the creators of the pocketdrone promised the moon and the sky but only gave you dirt... And i know that it seems the same here with zano.. But i have complete faith in ivan and torquing group they have been upfront and open since day one and still continue to be.. And with everything they have said and promised and the amount of input they have taken from the backers and implemented into zano ... I truly belive that they will be and stay true to their word.. It wasn't that long ago that people look and told the wright brothers that they were crazy and it would never work.. But here we are today... So let the nay Sayers Say what they may.. Come june we will hopefully be looking back at Those nay sayers and saying .. See i told you so... So again lets be patient and still and once june rolls around only one of two things will happen.. Either ivan and torquing group make good on their promises or they wont and they will lose out more than we will... But i for one will be expecting nothing but the best from them. @ David, Ko, waiting is not easy! But we all need to be patient as this first pre-production Zano is fully tested. I believe we will be pleasantly surprised with the results. Ivan has always been willing to address real concerns that have been presented. Um, David, aren't the laws of physics appropriate regardless of size or scale? I don't think a drone flying outdoors qualifies as "magic". There are a ton of nano drones that fly outside. Zano has "magic", but hardly think it "flying" will be its claim to fame. That is kind of a given...no? @Ian G G Smith yes, that is really big concern of this little drone is it able fulfill what they promising us. I have only 3 years experience with drones, and the largest drone i fly is only using 13 inch propellers, so i dont have very deep and professional experience about this technology . however, according from y 2 cents...the reason why people use large props of drone ,its not only because it is power and able to carry more play load, but also need the size of the propellers to against the interfere of wind...that is not magic, its very simple physics logic and i guess no one can against this physics fact...Honestly, i doubt about how Zano flying out door , very very especially for the Follow Me feature..... some people may want to ask me , if you doubt about it that much, why still put £225 to back this project ? the only reason is ... i wanna witness how they make this Magic happen and how Torquing Group Ltd break the physical limitation fact .........or .........how they handle the complain maybe ? :) anyways i can simply say that "Just for fun" ... and ask them challenging question is part of my fun part too ^^ but those question also good to protect every backer ^^ @Mark S Yes the link you sent me really answered my concern. <url>" before i though just me over look and miss out some video... but now even some people stand in front of them and the Zano ...they will still make excuse like "not allowing flying things in halls" to avoid people see how it flies ..... well... will see what happen at the end of the project the... Completely agree. Ivan and the team rock! Ivan, I am do proud to be part of Zano, and thank you for the updates that you and TG keep publishing. Very happy for you guys to do what's necessary and time to build an awesome polished product. very appreciate for the update. thanks a lot! it is like writing a time sheet... Maybe there is already a safeguard that, when zano detects a certain threshold of wind speed, it gets back to base before it cannot handle. After reading David Ko`s comments yesterday I was wondering if Torquing will be able to put a Zano through some wind tests and give us guidance to its use out doors. I am aware of course that all flying platforms are affected by the wind and that above certain strengths and speeds any flying device will be effected, my friends fly large scale replica radio controlled models and they tend to, understandably choose fairly calm days to fly on. Listening to Zano`s videos it seems that this until is quite intelligent and will probably compensate for a degree of wind interference itself would be nice though if Torquing can find the time to demonstrate the Zano in a more bumpy situation. Obviously one would be foolish to take a little drone out in ridiculously high winds and not expect it to run into trouble but was wondering if Torquing would do so and so we don`t have to trash ours finding out? Still it is a great project and looking forward to seeing it in real life. @Akiva no one has received the first survey request yet as the Creator is correlating a list of people whose payments were received and giving the people who pledged but whose payments failed a chance to remain as a backer and make their payments. If you check the comment made by Torquing 6 days ago you will see that they are giving the dropped backers until 28th February to either pay up or be dropped, after this we will all be contacted and asked to supply delivery addresses etc. Its nothing to worry about they are just taking things one step at a time. I am still confused to why we haven't yet seen any recent video footage of anything flying. Surely you have have some of these up in the air by now... @David Ko, this is not a full answer to your questions/concerns but please check out what another backer reports about Zano: <url>#p4625 @akiva no one has received anything yet. Surveys will be sent out at a later date which will include your address changes if necessary. Am I the only one who hasn't received anything regarding shipping address? I though we were supposed to be contacted already Especially the big front LED light display board at the front of the drone , it make the drone take up more wind then usual.... so please show us how this little ZANO with baby size props how to deal with the wind.... thx also since i have very bad experience with another KS drone project call "Pocket Drone" (not just me , but everyone received the drone ask for refund) i am wonder if ZANO end up is another over promising product, will we get refund ? how ? who take care the return shipping cost ? I suggest to avoid any misunderstanding maybe you should declare the limitation of ZANO black and white clearly on the website, cause many user has very different expectation of what they are paying to support ZANO, just to protect users as well as protect your company reputation . maybe i missed .... seems so far all video about ZANO seems just HOLDING the ZANO or put it on the desk .... except the ad video in KS... seems none of the video we can see ZANO is flying outdoor (not the footage , but the video showing how the ZANO fly in the air) really wanna see how it fly outdoor and how this little thing handle the wind ....without this kind of evidence video...its very hard to believe this size of drone is practical for outdoor (especially the "Follow Me" video recording) ... since you will never fly outdoor without interfere by wind .... ( buy the way i am the $225 backer lol) How long before drones are banned <url>#p4596 Hey.. Can anyone tell me the maximum height Zano can attain? Thanks! Creating Zano Part 6?? Hopefully we will see it this week. If we do not receive the contact email? What we do? Ivan, FYI, when I receive my Red Zano I intend to document everything from receiving the package, unpacking, charging the batteries, and the first start up of the motors, then the first flight. All with my GoPro. Can't wait to start!! Any improvement on the Range? I'm sorry. I didn't want to remember you that writing here is work, too. Now it seems that only writing here is fun and you reluctantly get back to Zano development. ;) I'm joking. Have fun with whatever you do to get Zano done. Thanks for the good news Ivan! One question regarding creating accounts for backers on flyzano.com website. Is it a problem if I already have an account with more or less the same information just like I have on the Kickstarter page? Cheers! Sounds good. Thanks for the update Ivan. Hoping the next creating zano video is out soon too. @Jessica M, these are Ivan's comments on January 9th: "we will compile a list of what you have pledged and what reward you have chosen. If this doesn't align, as in you have pledged for more than your reward, we will flag each such backer then contact you through the survey tool (Backerkit?) and obtain what other rewards you want. We will then begin allocating things spare limited editions to the first people who upped their pledge to cover it etc. IF we run out, we then we will look into our back up plans which I have previously mentioned." Typically only funds pledged during the KS campaign may be used to "purchase" items during the survey process. Ivan has stated that KS backers will be able to purchase accessories at a discount for life through the flyzano site but this isn't set up yet. You may pre-order additional Zano's and have them delivered with your pledged Zano. For additional information please see: <url>`t. Does anyone know if additional drones can be added on during the reward survey or if it's just accessories that will be available? What about the give away? I'm soooooo excited & can't wait. This is gift for fiancée and hopefully can take it on honeymoon....but I'm tempted buy another one..the camouflage ones keeps calling me. Gooooo ZANO. Keep updates coming...... Hi Ivan, I don't understand your "back to work". Isn't writing here a part of your work, too? I think it is, and you are doing a great job keeping us informed. Thanks for that! Thanks for the update!! @Creator btw does anyone know the dimension and size of the zanofuel? Thanks Keep up the great communication Zano Team! :) @Larry J. Geguzis: Yes exactly. That is what I said, is it not? GPS does not work indoor in most cases. @Grant, another place to post your recommendation would be on the forum at: <url>"left over" units going to backers? thanks ivan very much to share with us all that information and that we yre so important for u guys i backed other stuff where the informations dont come to us backers so constantly and quick... not every one does that here.... Thanks alot :-) Thanks Ivan great news good luck @Markus Roth I am sure that in the videos they answer that question it uses barometric sensor and infrared collision avoidance when being used inside, watch the videos you will see indoor flight is mentioned and covered. @Lucas, you may want to post your question on the forum. <url>#GPS No it probably won't work indoor - just like everything else GPS. Sorry, can't find this in detail: will ZANO have build in GPS sensor? How fast is this sensor and what about in-door? Thanks! Ohhh,my bad.Thanks for the heads up though.It really has been too long since my last backed project and I got kinda confused. @Juan, Hi Juan, you may want to check this topic in the forum to see if it answers your question: <url>"We are building into the ZanoApp a region detection function that will apply the laws from the local region and location to Zano. Zano also will comply with the rules set by the app. For instance, flying over the white house grounds will not be permitted by law or by Zano. If you try it will simply hit virtual fence and not fly any further. Same with No 10 Downing St in the UK. So unlike other drones, Zano will force users to comply with local laws and legislation. If your away from people and from no fly zones, then depending on regional laws for the area your in, flight distance and altitude will adjust accordingly. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano" Jan 4 2015 on ZANO - Autonomous. Intelligent. Swarming. Nano Drone. "So we keep an eye on legislation changes and when we are notified, we will update our system that then filters the information down to Zanos within that region by using the phone or tablet to update Zano. These updates and potential restrictions can be bypassed by the user by reading a small notice and accepting responsibility and acknowledging that you wish to use Zano anyway. We are still refining how this process will behave from a users point of view. There is a great deal of discussion about this on the forums. Maybe suggest you head there and have a read as I suspect all your questions will be answered. The crux is, by default Zano will meet the legislation but as the operator, you can choose to bypass those rules by accepting a noticed displayed on your handset. It is a difficult compromise. If you have any suggestions to our suggested process, please add this to the forum. We very much try and work with Zano users to reach the best compromise. Does that make sense? Hey Oliver. Yes, the legislation (apart from a few fixed no fly Zones such as White House, number 10 Downing st) can be bypassed. Ultimately, the Zano user has the responsibility. Eg. We are trying to provide assistance where perhaps kids are using Zano and provide some assistance to stop them doing something ideally they shouldn't. Have a great morning all. Kind Regards, Ivan" Feb 6 2015 on ZANO - Autonomous. Intelligent. Swarming. Nano Drone. The discussion on the forum may be found here and on other forum topics. Please check them out: <url># 1877 Finally checked! For anyone looking for their backer number whilst using the mobile app, simply click the blue button 'view pledge' which should be at the bottom of your screen. At the top it will display your backer number in front of a #. Do you know when you will have the lottery for the giveaway? @Dennis, go to your backer history and click on the "+" symbol beside the project for which you want to find your number. where can i see my backers #?? regards @Meus, They will send out a two surveys. The first will be to determine how to allocate any extra funds pledged during Kickstarter, the second to determine the shipping address. Expect the first soon and the second closer to the ship date. Hi, I choose the option to ship the zano to the USA, but now during july i will move to Brazil. I want to know if you guys are going to ask for the address, or if you already have it, how can i change? @Iain Peirse: *LOL* There goes that celebrity endorsement! :-D So if the prime minister or the president want a Zano they're out of luck :) Hi Ivan, Thanks for the explanation. As long as I can override it (and face the possible consequences) a opt-in for the no-fly-zones is a great feature Hi Ivan, Sub update 0.5 was last Monday. With it being almost two weeks now, when should we expect update 1.0? Eagerly waiting. Hi Ivan! Will you be keeping an eye on legislation changes in USA only? Since I live in Sweden and I presume it isn't possible too update for all countries. Also, huge thanks to everyone involved in this project (even backers). Can't wait too fly it :D Navneet Zano Team, I thought during the campaign it was stated that the spare batteries would be able to be charged outside of Zano while in use with a provided cable/charger. Now it looks like you have to buy the zano fuel to access this feature. I hope this isn't true. Please clarify this situation. Thanks. Hi Zano Team, Thanks, but if you dont included the JST Connector to micro usb how can i charge the extra battery? Hi Ivan, thanks for the explanation. It's worse than I thought. Basically it seems possible to remotely switch off Zano for good. Which leads me to a lot of questions: Who is allowed to provide these "legislation changes"? How exactly do you get the data for these changes? Have unknown others access to your system to provide these updates on their own? How is determined which Zanos should get a specific update? Can a single Zano identified and get an individual update or are the updates countywide identical? How secure are these updates and their transmission? Will I be able to return Zano if I'm not allowed to fly it? Hi Ivan, hope you are all well and still enjoying yourselves. Will the safe fly functionality that adheres to local legislation (which is a great idea) be toggled? ie in my home I may want the Zano to be able to fly very close to me, but the public regulations may be X meters. Thanks, Oliver Is there any update on how the camo zano or camo zano case is going to look? @ ZANO, Is it the free Charging Cable = Mini Li-Po Charger + 80mm Silicone Wires + JST Connector? Mmmmm..... Zano Good :) @Creator : I have a solar powerbank Charger. Can I use it to charge ZANO? The cable of ZanoFuel is compatible with USB devices (like smartphones)? Can I use a USB cable that I use in the smartphones? Tks. I think it was Matthew who broke it. His plan was to 3D print a new one. (Couldn't resist) :) @James Judge: ...and the forums are back up. :-) @James Judge: There was a posting that the forum would be down for maintenance. OK, own up, who broke the forum ?? ;) Thanks for clarification about the Cebit, Ivan About the things you "have built into Zano that is gaining popularity with legislators."; Do you mean built-in No-Fly-Zones? Like some other manufacturers introduced. As regards the Zano fuel looks like a classy piece of work. (thought had better say something after my last comment) No seriously looks the bizness. @Creator: I already asked this quesiton in the Forums, but am willing to do it here, too. :) You previously mentioned that you will be attending Cebit this year (if I'm not wrong). Are there already any details on it? @Trevor Porter, Black ZANO comes with black props, but you can buy extra props (I included cost for extra GITD props to go with my RED LE). When you get your confirmation email or sometime before ZANO ships, you can add accessories (at Backer discount) and have them included in your shipment so you have one shipping charge. @Chun Wei Chang. The kickstarter lists an estimated delivery date of June, not January. When I can get ZANO? Before the website said that can receive it at January! But until now I didn't receive it! I lived in Taipei Taiwan! Can you tell me when I can get it? @Mark S, great! Hi ZANO Team, Just wanting to know if there will be finalization/customization options available pre-shipping? As I have pledged to the Black ZANO and I would love it if I could get it with red props and flight frame, giving me a custom feel to my ZANO and also what id think is an awesome red/black styling. If these options aren't available to us now, will they be an option in the future after the kickstarter campaign from you site perhaps? I'd personally prefer to get these custom parts from you directly over options like painting bits as I'd prefer not to muck with the weight distribution or balance or worse, void my warranty. Thanks in advance, very, very happy I pledged this great project. @Stefano, on 06 January Ivan said "a charger will be provided to allow charging of the spare battery with all Zano’s." I'm assuming that this is the Mini Li-po Charger. @Brenson - While I am not familiar with backerkit, they have already said backers will get discounted accessory pricing for life, when ordering from flyzano.com. Does that accomplish the same thing as Backerkit? Who else thinks this project needs to go to Backerkit so we can get upgrades and extra batteries and other such things? Will the Mini Li-po Charger be avaible even for the rewards that doesn't include Zanofuel? @吳泰迪: You'll get an email when Torquing Group Ltd is ready to ask for your details. :-) The mails has not been sent yet. I'll get a confirmation email yet? @uwe rummel they are not sent yet I Still do not receive the survey to include my information to receive my Zano. Did someone receive it or did they not send it yet? Thank you Regarding the surveys I recently backed another product that was seriously delayed by backers not responding to the survey I would suggest some kind of time limit/cut off point so not to delay everyone's Zano :) I can't wait for my Zano :D Has there been any comments on wind and a failsafe feature? I'd like to know what windspeeds to watch out for with Zano. If there is an emergency shutoff button so the Zano Drops (Would be cool if they put that in ZanoWear for androidwear or whoever makes it) Also it would be cool if the zano could flash the LED of make a sound to help locate if a bit lost. @ian well I'm not sure how autonomous drones fit into the picture! According to the rule its 30m away from anyone not involved with operating the drone. I mean technically I would be operating it but not really, so does that mean my selfies will have to be from 30m away? :p Ivan, would it be a workable idea to do a trial run, Of say 100 questionnaires? Better to find small probs than 12k ones..... Rules are made to be broken or ignored especially these days when there are so many pointless ones. Anyway who is flying a drone? It`s just following me on a tether so end of problem. When rules start to replace common sense and reason then it is really time to ignore them and carry on regardless. @Byron "FIREFLY 4 ZCIDE S4" CC - I guess you'll have to go off piste, then. (It's that or 'get pissed off' at any rate lol) CASA regulations state that hobbyists who fly for no commercial gain cannot fly their drones: • Within 3 nautical miles of an airport; • Above 400 feet in controlled airspace (large towns and cities); • Over populous areas; • Within 30 meters of people; • At night. Well that puts a spanner in the works... Rules out using the drone on ski fields due to the 30m rule I was thinking it but Jel actually said it, huge supporter too but if this was catchphrase and didn`t know better you would have to say what you see..................... Still it looks like it`s fit for purpose and looks good. Just don`t sit your action man on it. @Ivan Nice update which now leaves me with some questions for you. ZANO ===== 1. Was that a pre-production Zano that was flying or a re-constituted original prototype? If it was pre-production, does that mean that you're happy with the pcb layout(s) and components and does that, in turn, mean that you have finalised the camera that Zano v1 will use (and, if so, what is it)? CASE ===== 2. I assume form the fact that the case includes space for a zanofuel that this is the Limited Edition case? If so, how will the standard case differ apart from materials used? Would it be possible to see some renderings of a standard case? 3. Will the grey shade be used for both white and black (and GITD) Zanos or will the different coloured Zanos have different coloured cases? 4. To what extent do the renderings accurately depict the material used? It looks to me as though it is some sort of fabric covering over a hard shell, similar, I guess, to some sunglasses cases. 5. From the images it looks as though it is a snap close (which I'd prefer) rather than zip close. Can you confirm whether that is the case (pun not intended!)? nice looking case... minimalist design with a slight ergonomic feel so Zano can chill in style & comfort... I wonder if the Zano logo is able to be recognised as an Augmented Reality target image ?? Would be interesting to see what level of recognition it receives in Vuforia. This way one could use the case as a landing pad.... I know it's quite a small emblem & A.R target images tend to require something larger.. worth a thought though :) Guys The case looks great. Would be concerned about anything moving inside that may damage the props. I cant wait to get hold of this and play @Mark, thank you. Sleeeeeeep what is that? Lol @Steve Jr the KS-backer-beta-registration was closed about 2 weeks ago. I'm not sure if they will allow you anyway @Aziz congrats! I wish you a lot of happiness and sleep. Who votes for a few led lights in the case? Especially for the glow in the dark Zano:) ... At least when it's open. Closed, fine :) Is it just me or does the case not look like a toilet seat or potty trainer?!! Just an observation... Still love Zano... Don't think I'm a hater, I'm a Huge supporter. Just not a fan of the case. Hi Creator I would like to request if you guys can make a video when you turn on the ZANO and start all 4 motor in full throttle ( for sure you need to take off the props) and measure its interference value ... since your GPS is on board ,... actually not just on board but also on such tinny board...i wonder how you guys can deal with the interference which the motor and all other electric made... if you guys can over come it , i guest we dont need to use the GPS stand for bigger size of drone too.. we still using it becuase everyone know the interference generate by the escs and motors will mass up the compass so badly... so please advise. and hope this video will launch soon to show us how trustable of this tinny thing is =) @Doug thank you sir, missed the banter lol. Hope your well. : ) If this has been answered already I can't find it. Has there been a price set on the FLIR camera yet? Will it be available by Zano release date? @Aziz - that's your newborn (is 5255 comment) not your wife lol @Aziz - glad you're back and congratulations (although I guess it was your wife that did most of the work). She is the 5255 comment so you missed out again (lol) and if you want a name for her, how about Zana? @Creator, @Team Zano - Love the update(it might even answer deppblue's scepticism!). @Thomas, the case is awesome and my concerns completely unfounded. Pity about the original logo but I see that you couldn't accommodate that and the zanofuel space so I'm one very happy backer Great to see the Zano fly - now you just need to get it to me as soon as possible. Well done guys. Hi guys, hope everyone is ok! I have been away for awhile and wanted to share a good news with you all. I had a little girl on the 26thJan, and I am sure she will be flying my Zano. Case looks awesome. Does it appear that everything is looks to be on schedule and is receiving them in June? If I order accessories on the website how do I ensure the accessories will be sent with the Zano? Thanks Nice case! A decent upgrade in all regards, methinks. Well done! Case looks solid! Great job guys!! I'm a backer and I'd like to be a Beta Tester but I can't get the link to work. Please help. Thank You, Steve Jr. Can Zano be controlled via an Arduino ? Reason I ask is ... There's a cool K.S on now called BLYNK. It let's you configure an Arduino via smartphone with easy to use widgets. Cool !! Thanks, Ivan and Mark S, I didn't know that for finding comment's page. I looked back to around Christmas on, saw some talk but way to many comment's I'll figure it out, I think I wrote it down somewhere. Thanks again @RogerM if you click on your user name beside one of your comments it will take you to a page where you can scroll through the comments you have made for the projects that you have backed. you do not have to be logged into Kickstarter to view these. @Dooley Wong it is correct that you haven't received the survey yet. Please have a look at the comment of Ivan of 3 days ago: "You should all start being contacted over the coming weeks regarding over pledged amounts and what other items you wanted. We are looking at backerkit and a few options on how best to do this. We now have a list of which pledges were not successful and which were. This will allow us to contact those whose pledges were not successful and confirm this." Hope this helps. I would like to know the survey of the over pledged for extras haven't received yet right? @Ivan , I'm totally lost on your Wiki page and Wiki itself. I don't find a comment page anywhere.what your telling me to do,I give up on Wiki, I'll just wait on the survey. Thanks anyway. Thanks for the update Ivan! @Ivan When do you think the big update will be? Find myself checking here every hour :P Thanks! ZanoAsh Hey :) I don't think they have asked for address yet... Unless I've been stupid enough too miss it :O I am an International backer, I wish to know what is the process of changing delivery address? I'm the first comment in the past 17 hours! :P Congratulations Zano! What a great job and to all those that backed you, a great product for the masses I hope the guy who lost control of his Phantom at the White House doesn't screw things up for us USA flyer's.. I + person can screw everything up by not obeying the Law's, people are already bringing up about the camera's on the Drone's, Won't be able to fly them anywhere but in the wood's soon!! I have a total of 6 big drones now. getting worried. @creators, God I can't remember what all extras I pledged for anymore besides my 2- Zano's , batteries amount and props etc.??? Can't remember prices, been off here for over a few weeks. < Thanks Ivan. Always enjoy reading your updates. Lots of exciting things to look forward to. Ash Zanoash Hi guys, What about controlling ZANO with Apple watch? Did someone mention this on comments? I think its very useful and easy to use your watch to control a little drone on the go… Hope you guys make it on march with the releasing date of apple watch. Thanks If it's ready >.> if not I guess we can wait lol I've planned several vacations in hopes making my wait for the zano o faster ha Don't forget the video!:) @Ivan, even your mini update is great to read! Thank you for the wonderful news and keeping us posted of the work you're all doing in the background. Couldn't be happier to have backed you and excited for June! @Creator - Will you use Backerkit to do the survey? @ Peter Ivan posted As a general update for everyone and hopefully to answer your question. I have some good news regarding Kickstarter backers and the www.flyzano.com store. We are going to create a special discount group on the store and automatically load all the backers into this group. This will give you lifetime discounts on all Zano accessories. This includes but is not limited too batteries, propellers, cases, ZanoFuel etc. As Jose has mentioned too, if your backer ID is provided, we can combine the shipping with your Zano. Until Zano's ship to you all, we will adjust this special discount group to have no shipping charge just to make it easier. Now anyone who has already pre-ordered through the store will receive a refund of the difference between the new pricing they would pay as an existing backer and the price they have paid already for the pre-order. Hey Aziz. I'm here from time to time. Goodnight all. Kind Regards, Ivan @FlyZano What's this about discounted accessories for backers? How to I order accessories and get them posted with my Zano? How can I get tickets to the launch party? Thanks!! Was there supposed to be a video update on Monday gone? @rudy you only tick "got it" when you physically have the zano in your hands and even then it isn't necessary Orh ok! Thanks @Randy @ Rudy, no need to do anything else. Torquing is waiting for confirmation from Kickstarter on who actually paid, and once they get this they will issue the survey. You don't need to do anything to ensure you receive the survey... Hi all, as this is my first time backing a project on kickstarter and on an awesome one at that, do i have to tick the "Got it!" at my backer history? as i'm afraid that i would not get the survey if i don't. Thanks Hi, is there a website I can fill the survey now? @Creator, I pledged for two Zanos using two different kickstarter accounts. One Zano from each account. I guess that several other backers also did this. Would it be possible to combine all my items into one shipping box? This would save shipping costs and customs fees. Combined shipping is not critical to me, but it would be a nice surprise if it could be arranged. Thanks. If you applied you probably got in? Just need to wait on your zano to begin testing What's the word on the beta? that's great cause I fully expect my nephews to bust some part of theirs within 24/48 hours of receipt LOL Wow thanks guys a lifetime of discounted extras much appreciate it - this is going to be an awesome gizmo already thinking of things to do with mine. Good luck guys. @Doug - a guy can dream...I recognize the intent was for accessories... @Ben - apologies. It was @Randy who was hoping to get discounted Zanos. @Doug - I was just saying in general it's great for all the backers to have the ability to buy extras like props etc at a discounted price. Wow Ivan, thanks so much!! You guys didn't have to do that and the fact you have is amazing, boy am I glad I backed you guys. THANKS!! @Randy, @Ben - Ivan said the lifetime discounts would be for accessories so I'm guessing that it doesn't include Zanos (although you might be able to build one from discounted parts). Fantastic news about the www.flyzano.com store, will be brilliant to be able to log in and order extras and upgrades from time to time. @ Ivan - WOW, that is awesome news! Does that include a lifetime discount on purchasing Zano's?? Take the highest price from Kickstarter, and keep that as the lifetime price moving forward. That would TOTALLY give you guys the "Kickstarter of the decade" award and instantly, exponentially increase loyalty...Can it be higher than it already is? Talk about an incredibly innovative business approach. @Jeff ... I asked the same thing and the answer I got was that they will be contacting everyone to make sure about addresses ect.. and if you order at flyzano.com just give then your backer number and they can ship everything together. and you can find your backer number by going to your backed projects then clicking on the star/ gear looking icon and it will tell you your number.. Since comments on the update are being ignored I guess I'll re-post here. "Even if we can't get Founder's pricing is there a way to avoid extra shipping costs. I am interest in the extended battery and the glow in the dark Propellers but would like to avoid extra shipping costs." Hellllo Everyone? Where is Hey what happening? Thomas Trackmaster ... keeps the carry cases on track. @creator Do you have any idea of when the 3d shell files and alpha SDK will be released? I am really looking forward to playing with both. :) Also, I like the idea of connecting to a swarm at your "headquarters" rather than having to have one available! @Peter, hope you've sorted your problems mate Thomas, Thomas, Thomas!!!!!! @Creator Keep up the good work! I look forward to the updates and dev diary videos. Wouldn't it be cool as we near shipping, the videos are shot with the zano? :P Hi Guys Just wanted to say that like so many others have already said, completely behind you. It's odd but human nature to focus in on the negative comment rather than the overwhelming number of good ones. Not sure why but we all do it. You ran a fantastic campaign made logical arguments as to why there was not more video of in flight drones and I'm happy to wait. Good luck with the rest of production. Oh and as a suggestion, is it worth doing a show reel of your previous work? Maybe demo your other flying drones doing there thing so people can see how awesome the company is at what they do? Just a thought. Cool idea...crop dusting Rc heli... <url>`t do like the Giroptic guys have done and leave everyone wondering and feeling abandoned, keep up the updates and the useful information - most sensible people accept that delays sometimes happen and are happy to wait whilst things are sorted to receive their equipment. As for those who people who always seek to knock what other people are doing well sadly they are everywhere. All I want to say is good luck guys with the production and launch of Zano in the meantime will look forward to hearing how things are going on your interesting professional looking updates. `must fly now` (excuse the pun) Goodluck. Good luck @Ivan Hi guys, have been mostly absent due to some personal things going on, but I just wanted to come on and say I am still 100% behind you, have complete faith in you and believe in what you're doing. I think you ran a superb kickstarter, one of the best I've seen, and the after-campaign support is fantastic. A big congratulations to you all. Yo Torquing folks! Did you manage to catch this?: <url>"For those new to Kickstarter (and I suppose for you veterans as well!), we are sorry that we do not have a means of preventing these $1 new account pledge trolls from popping up and trying to create a negative atmosphere. If you scroll through the comments of our last Kickstarter campaign, you will see an identical behavior by these types of individuals. Our legal department was able to trace several of them from our previous campaign back to competitors in the 3D printing field. Our company's efforts to lower the cost of 3D Printers for the general public (or rather lower the extremely high markups that companies have put on 3D printers) has rattled some cages." So please don't take comments here too seriously. Use common sense @Marc, Could not have said it better!!! Keep up the good work, you guys are the best! Hi Ivan, Reece; Just want to encourage you guys... Don't let those few negative comments pull you down! I still believe in this project. Just for info, for those sceptic people: If this is pure air, then why would an company, like Lantronix, get in the boat? They provide their xPico Wifi module for ZANO! And since Lantronix was created in 1989, you can't say their a ghost too...! PS: Lantronix, Inc. (NASDAQ: LTRX) is a global leader of secure communication technologies. Such an company won't start an "joint venture" with someone they're not really convinced about, don't you think? About the video, I must say that, Ivan and Reece are doing right. Ok, yes, it would be nice to see an later version of ZANO flying around in a new video... But don't forget, that they have a proto until now, and that are still parts to be upgraded (like the more powerful motors / propellors). So I don't see sense, to show a video of an product that will not look as the final product, because even then, some people wouldn't believe what they see, or will claim that this is not the ZANO, since it looks different or so... For me, I just put my money in a project which appeals me. And come on, all projects, all campaign, just everything is risky here on Kickstarter...! That's why I like this platform... either you are a player or not... it's up to you, but don't say, you weren't informed about the risks. That's just my opinion... So, take your time, keep cool, and bring us one of the funniest and more useful drone you can find on the market by now... @Gabriel Crnjac I think it would be awesome if you could choose GPS on the zano or set your coordinate system to 0-0 based on your phones GPS. 1) Place you phone in a stationary position, 2) move the zano around this origin anyway you like 3) then store. This way when you call the procedure you could be anywhere. It will just do the same movement around wherever the phone is. @Ivan You and the team are doing great. We all have faith that you can deliver, just ignore aby negative comment and rest assured WE ALL have faith in you and the team! I am also one of the majority of backers who have faith in Torquing Group. The company has been delivering successful UAVs to the most demanding customers for years. The company also has plans for new UAVs for military, police and firefighters. Torquing Group is clearly a reliable company. A company like this would never risk its future by messing up a Kickstarter campaign. I feel that my pledges for two LE Zanos are in very good hands. I feel certain that Torquing Group can and will deliver surprisingly good rewards to us backers. I am looking forwards to so much fun playing with my Zanos :-) @Gabriel Crnjac I like that idea very much. Why don't you suggest it as well on the forum? www.torquinggroup.com/forum Hey, just an idea for a future feature of ZANO. Do you know industry robots? Some of them can be trained in movement by guiding them by hand. Is something similar feasible with ZANO? The scenario would be: 1) Set Training mode on 2) All movements are captured with GPS sensor 3) set Training mode off 4) ZANO stores this profile behind a custom button and uses it later for movement control 5) every time I wants this special camera panning, this button can be used. @Ivan Remember "First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win." by Mahatma Gandhi. Only if you do something really worth will people start pelting stones at you. So rest assured, you're doing great. 99.99% of backers trust you. Ignore petty flies. They are just trying to distract you. Good luck Looking forward to video updates. I believe i can fly...i believe i can touch the sky...just singing Lol...Zano, lets fly together this June...postive backer from the Philippines! Lol David Pre* I'm on my phone auto correct is a pain. I was 4000 comment can I use the pretest production zano? Haha @Doug if you come out completely then go back in, it refreshes my friend. I will live you to do that and live it at your integrity to let me know if that was the case. Lol But, like you say - hey, lets move on. @Aziz - are you working on some peculiar 2 based numerical system? You are always one out in your comments. Comments at the head of the page is currently showing 5151 (ie there have been 5151 comments of which yours to @Randy was the last. This comment is therefore 5152. @Randy agree, commenting on family is just disgusting. But hey, let's put it behind us, and keep doing what we do best, and that is ..... Mmmmmmm not sure The previous comment was 5150 lol @Doug : ) @Ivan - I'm sure that I am one amongst many (probably almost all) of your backers who have faith in your ability to produce what you have promised; that's why we backed you in the first place. For myself, I find it quite distressing that you feel that you continually have to respond to bad-mouthing (a) it takes you away from what you should be doing which is developing the Zano and (b) I'm sure that it puts you in the wrong frame of mind. Your openness and willingness to respond to each and every comment is a standout feature of this campaign and is frequently quoted by disgruntled backers of other kickstarter drone campaigns. Please get on and develop Zano and produce video whenever you are ready to do so. Oh, and PS - I'd be very happy to be one of the first to test a pre-production Zano :)) (particularly so as I got the 5000th comment whereas Aziz only got the 5001st!) @aziz. Ivan is referring to his family in a literal sense. That is obviously crossing a line. Also @Ivan and team Also when you say ' your family ' mate we are all one happy family, so whilst we are on this ride, our Zano community will stick together and keep strong. So ignore BoZo and keep up the good work!! Lol just don't miss the delivery date! ; ) lol Also Ivan apparently you was a captain of a Netball team lol : ) Come on let's get the fun element back, and just enjoy the moment and the coming days, life is too short. @Ivan - please do us all a favor and refund Bo Chen's $1, so that he can no longer write comments here. Please also remove his access to the forum. it is abundantly clear that his only intention is to plant baseless seeds of doubt. It is time to remove him from the equation. His intentions are negative, he has no interest in the success of this project, he is NOT a part of this community. Give him his dollar back so he can no longer comment here and remove him from the forums. Otherwise, we will continue to get much of the same from him. You guys are doing an amazing job. I respect that you will release video footage on your timeline, not on the timeline of an internet bully. Ivan I want to be a tester, only fair because I did get the 5000th comment ; ). +1 @Aziz - my thoughts exactly. Re Bo Chen, though - that is interesting because I also thought that (a) only backers could add comments on these pages now (seems not to be the case) and (b) Bo Chen was a backer of 1 project (this one). Maybe his 'payment' was refused by his credit card company or maybe he just withdrew (can you do that after a project is funded?). I'm sure 99% of backers trust the creators like me. I will try not to check this page until we get the next update. It'll be hard because I'm addicted lol I want my zano already. But +1 yes I would love to see the Vedio like everyone else. Thanks Oei. Sorry Annakin , I wrote your name wrong. @Doug Cheers Mate & others @Anarkin, I think they did say they are waiting for parts, I think. Also, my point is what difference is it going to make with negative comments when the project has already raised its funds? If Bo was so concerned for us backers then we as backers would have appreciated his comments before the campaign ended, as we might have pushed for the Vedio and made decisions if to back it or not. But we all decided to trust the Creator and its team with out seeing it, so what's changed now? But now I rather see a Vedio when it is fit for show, and will give us the excitement of receiving our Zano after seeing it. I feel constructive criticism is great if it adds value for the wider community, not for the sake of it and get everyone all wound up. The ' Smart Watch ' was a campaign that deserved to get the abuse they received, because they lied to there backers after getting the money. However the Zano team have been very transparent and haven't yet over promised on anything that they feel they can not deliver. So until I have a reason to complain, I will keep positively support Zano and also be optimistic as a backer. +1 for video...who else thinks so? Troll said you would wait until the 30 days were up so it was well past of refund or claim date ( in case this was a fruad) and your only making it seem like he is right...oh oh. One thing is FOR SURE, BO IS A TROLL. Lol Post the video. In my opinion. @reece, that's awesome man! I'm sure you were great! Being a goal keeper is hard work and a lot of pressure! Micro Drone... <url>· Big Spring, TX · Joined Dec 2014 @Aziz - Bo Chen IS NOT a backer. If you scroll to one of his comments and click on the logo you can see his kickstarter profile. It says that he is backing zero (0) projects. Just another thing. Reece can you let us know if Bo is a backer or not? Because if he is not then he can go and get the hell out of here with his comments. However if he is, then fair enough he is just overly worried!! I think I speak for all the backers, that Bo is coming with all his concerns and points at a time that is no value to us backers because we have already pledged and our money is already gone out of our account. And having comments from Bo ( if non Backer ) is not helping anyone. And he is starting to piss me off. Personally, I don't care if I lose the money. It's a risk I knowingly took when backing any project here on kickstarter. If fact, backed it on Christmas as a way to give back ( and hopefully get a cool new toy), but I have to say, Reece that the main point of the article that the person wrote is that no video is shown before the money is collected, if you already have the video *cough* part 6 *cough why not just put everyone's mind at ease? And answering that you will post it when you see fit is slightly inflammatory. I will hold off buying over 100 dollars of Zano accessories as previously planed, until I see fit I hope that backers that have put trust in this project and your team are right. Personally I trust you @Anakin The reason we call them trolls is not because of the request for video - that is fair enough. The reason we call them trolls is because of the continued, repetitive, inflammatory posts they are creating on both here and the forum. Hi Reece, I don't care about the police report to be honest. However I am looking forward to the video. @creator amen! I'm also a backer and have backed for quite a few items from this project, so I seriously hope this is not a scam. There's always risks when backing a project on kickstarter and I know that. I backed this one because the excitement of being able to use such a product is enough to take the risks. However, even though I have accepted that I have to take risks, I feel like it'd be so much better for everyone to be able to see some raw video footage to have (even more?) peace of mind. The first request for raw video footage had been made quite a while before this project ended, and I remember that in one comment, the creators promised to look into that, and also told backers to know what they were looking for as it was pretty windy on the day the scene featuring a guy jumping off a cliff was taken (and as such the quality of the raw video footage wasn't all that good I take it?). That means, the creators (should) have the footage to make the promotional clip. And so yes, what's so hard about just uploading some simple video footage you've already had in hand? It's interesting to see most people here reacting so strongly and so negatively to Bo Chen and some other backers who have been asking for videos, calling them 'trolls'. I don't understand why asking for videos and raising logical concerns means 'trolling'? Sure he could be a real troll himself. But a lot of what he's said is very legitimate although not very positively expressed. @nanobot I agree with you, but it's just best not to dignify them with an answer. Don't poke the trolls! Reece was a soccer player? Lol @Bo. Give it a rest. If you are not interested in backing the project then please stop the negative comments. People can decide for themselves. The project is closed so you are only affecting current backers and this negative chatter is distracting. I for one choose to believe in Ivan and the team. Namaste! Common sense folks. This ain’t rocket science. Think about it. Torquing Group Ltd, a company in the UK that claims to be involved in military and defense contracts with the government or something to that capacity, pitches a miniature UAV/drone called ZANO and goes on KickStarter to ask for funds. No one forced them to go the crowd-funded route, but now that they have gotten away with millions of dollars and potentially scammed tens of thousands of backers, they don’t want to face the scrutiny and instead they are actively hiding behind the convenient cloak of being a purported “military defense company” in order to avoid answering all of the “hard questions”. Just how many companies that work in the defense/military sector do you know of that pitches their products on KickStarter? Again, no one forced Torquing Group to showcase ZANO at CES 2015; but since they did decide to go on their own volition and did not seem to mind the attention or the limelight, it would also not be an unfair question for the financial backers to ask: “just why is it that out of all the UAVs and drones presented at CES 2015, that Torquing Group Ltd’s ZANO was the only one that didn’t give a working demonstration?”… Ivan, Torquing Group’s ‘mastermind’, if you will, frequently gives the excuse that they purposefully neutered the ZANO model at CES 2015 because he was not going to run the risk of “letting the technology out of the house or in the wrong hands” or something to that similar effect. Not entirely unfair – even though all the other companies with drones at CES could have deployed the same excuse but none of them did. But then again, it also wouldn’t be unfair for the KickStarter backers and general public to ask just why is it that Torquing Group has never released ANY video of ZANO flying, even when taking the CES event completely out of the picture! Forget about CES for a moment, why don’t we have any videos of ZANO flying, anywhere or at any time? When asked and pressed directly on the question of whether or not (the staged professional promotional teaser videos notwithstanding) at ANY point in time there was EVER a video taken of any model or prototype of ZANO actually flying and in flight, Torquing Group did its best to evade the question, but in not so many words indirectly conceded and implied that in fact they do not have any videos of ZANO ever flying. Well, that’s strange you say... Common sense tells you that they should have plenty of videos showing their prototypes flying. Otherwise, how was the professional promotional videos taken? And why would they NOT have any documented videos of their prototypes in flight, unless we consider the increasingly likely possibility that in reality they never really had a working prototype that ever actually flew in the first place? When asked why no employee ever took any videos, even impromptu videos with a smart phone or hand held camera, of any prototype of Zano ever in flight, the reply was an unbelievable : “we work in the military/defense sector so we don’t allow employees to use cell phones or take videos at work”… That would make sense if they were Lockheed Martin or Boeing, and not some fly by the night Mom and Pop shop whose head of marketing is some soccer player with zero security clearance whom they just hired off the streets. When backers have openly questioned and pressed Ivan and Torquing Group for an actual answer, the rebuttal is often an accusation that the critics in question must be a competitor in disguise hoping to see ZANO fail. Instead of demonstrating responsibility and accountability by either posting a video of ZANO in flight or answering the hard questions of why they are utterly unable to do so, Torquing Group merely retorts that anyone who critically questions them must be a troll, a competitor or someone trying to “bait” or “goad” Torquing Group into revealing and disclosing “how they did it”. That might be more believable if it were actually true. If they actually did “did it”, I mean... Instead, all they have really done, and all they are really doing is hiding behind the all too convenient story of being a defense/military contractor who is too afraid of letting its secrets out but not afraid enough to ask for money on KickStarter and to showcase a nonfunctional dud of a product at CES masquerading as a working prototype already ramping up in production. They are too afraid that their patents will get stolen, or that their secrets will leak, how convenient and what a coincidence that we are given these multi-pronged layered excuses upon excuses for the truly inexcusable: why there still isn’t a single video anywhere actually showing ZANO flying? They have an established pattern of making all these ridiculously outrageous claims yet (with an equally established pattern) have given us precisely zero evidence to substantiate these claims, but having already cashed on these unsubstantiated claims and laughed all the way to the bank, now they refuse to answer the hard questions are rather choose to actively dodge reality. When Torquing Group makes outrageous claims and then asks for money (and now pre-orders) based on these unsubstantial (and increasingly unsubstantiable!) claims, they alone shoulder the burden of proof, the burden falls squarely on Torquing Group, and so far they have shown to be either absolutely unable and/or entirely unwilling to meet that burden. A reasonable person with average intelligence and vigilance would have to ask WHY? Just post a quick video @creators...it's getting ridiculous. I know you font want to feed this hater but just do it to end all accusations and to prove your not what he is claiming to be. He is right...how hard can it be to post a video of it flying. I don't need prove to believe you, I am am backer and glad I did back. Just shut this guy up. Wish he was in front of me instead of being cyber problem starter hiding behind a keyboard. Hi Ivan I just hope the 12075 backers that have put trust in this project and your team are right. And Bo is wrong. <url>"Oblivion". :-) Or Zano could count down with voice before taking a picture. Hellllo, hope everyone is Chilling! Bo Chen, our money is already taken my friend. At Least allow us to dream and hope that our little Zano will fly when it comes to us, your concern are valid but has come a bit too late. So stop being a Zano blocker and enjoy the pre flight entertainment. What number was my comment! Lol ; ) @Bo Chen First off: You can think and ask all you want. But please do not post your questions and assumptions in our "our" name. Second: I definitly do not agree with what you are saying. The number of backers on this project proves the opposite. Bo Chen is, in usa terms, a HATER! probably a competitor to torquing group...his only pledge is the zano and it seems like he is targeting zano. I'm not really worried about not having videos. I can say I fully trust the company....if you want to see what a scam looks like go over to the lix, hot watch, and many other campaign. @Mark So they are! What very strict filtering they have. @Peter Bo Chen is indeed deepblue @Peter .... funny ... I can read "n@zi" and "d0ngs" on the KS-website, but in the app they're somehow replaced by *'s! when need my shipping address? @Ivan & @Roger I hate to do this but I think you mean *you're My inner grammar **** couldn't let it slide. Edit: OK I lie, I love to point that sort of thing out... @Ivan Thanks for the update and all the work on the forum! @Mark So @Bo Chen is either **** (or one of his/her many usernames) or deepblue as that comment is a carbon copy from one of the forum pages. @All Dont poke the trolls folks! Not even worth dignifying them with a reply of any form There's always one..... @Bo Chen moreover, you'll read that you can expect loads a videomaterial in the coming weeks, once the first 10 production Zanos are delivered @Bo Chen if you have genuine concerns, please post them on the forum (see comments below). One of the Torquing Group members will certainly address them. Thx I have had some similar thought about not yet seeing anything flying or any video feeds taken from a Zano. Not overly concerned, just want to actually see more footage of it flying with avoidance tech working etc. Bo Chen I can't see the point of your post if your a backer then support Torquing Group. If not then why post here but to cause trouble. As a backer myself for one LE Black and one LE Red the videos that I want to see are of the preproduction Zano's that are upgrades to the original prototype. Most backers would have done there research on Torquing Group before pledging and would want the best product that was available for there delivery date. I say to all backers forget about negative comments and remember that we all want value for our pledge's and I think that's what we will get from Torquing Group. There is an old saying everything comes to those that wait! AKA Timeman Here are the facts: 1) Of all the drones/UAVs that were presented at CES 2015, Zano was one of the only (if not THE only) one in which we do not have any documented evidence that it flew. We certainty do not have any videos of it flying at CES 2015 2) Not counting the "professionally" done promotional videos, we do not yet have any documented evidence of any videos of Zano actually bona fide flying. 3) At its core, Zano is basically a compact mobile flight platform with audio and visual capabilities. In essence it is a miniature flying UAV/drone with a camera/videorecorder What reasonable inferences can we draw? 1) It would be fair and reasonable to say that Torquing Group should have significant experience in the flight and audiovisual aspects where it pertains to miniature flying drones and the correlating audio and visual recording systems. 2) It would also not be unreasonable to assume that at some point or another Torquing Group should have reasonable known and anticipated that it could be going to crowd funded route to gets its funding, and being a crowded funded project, people want to see a working prototype in actual action. 3) Being that 'flight' and 'video' are two of the core functionalities of Zano, it seems somewhat odd that we don't have any evidence of any 'videos' of the product actually in 'flight'. 4) Several reasons have been given and stated as to why this is the case, however one has to wonder, how is it possible that all this time that NOT ONE single video was ever recorded of Zano prototype in flight (before, during and after it was allegedly taken apart for purported "work on sub systems"... )?! Surely this has become big enough of a concern for Torquing group to offer a long response and for them to take the unusual action of closing a post. So if it was the case that Torquing group had ever at any point in time taken ANY videos at all of Zano in flight, during whatever testing, prototype or flying stage, then would it not be in the best interest of Torquing group to post this video publicly to quell what it alleges to be "unjustified" concerns? Surely if such video existed, it would not do them or the community any harm to post it? If such video does not exists, then begs the question how can a company that specializes in micro flight carrying micro video systems as payload have been so remiss as to never have filmed or made a single video of their prototype ever in flight? Esp. if they had reason to know that they might be doing a kickstarter crowd fund? Surely Torquing Group isn't going to now claim that their prototype never actually flew at all? Otherwise how exactly was their "professional promotional" videos made? So my question to Torquing Group: 1) Are the "professional promotional" videos of Zano flying the ONLY videos that were ever recorded of Zano in flight? a)If yes, then you really mean to tell us that while testing the prototype in flight, no one ever pulled out a camera or a phone and recorded it, ever? b) If no, then why can't you post one of those videos, however "unprofessional" or "impromptu" they may be, on youtube or vimeo for the backers to see? @Larry.. Hey hope all is well.. Stay strong brother the zano family cant have ya getting sick.. @roger did you check page 3? Because i see your reply there... I posted on the forums group a reply on my subject Zano Props, I then hit submit and I don't know where it went as it didn't show up on the forum page??? I just can't get use to this kind of forum? Ivan that is great news! I have faithfully been reading the forums and I think they are working out very well. I have not been checking this page as frequently and wondered if you also planned to post to the announcement section. Your update is exciting and keeps us all going with anticipation. Thanks, Mike On top of everything else my computer has been up and down like a yo-yo. If I don't reply to someone, I'm not trying to be offensive. So the campaign ended on 08 Jan 2015, plus 14 days collection period, then we should start looking for the scramble over "Pledged, but not paid for" goods on the 22nd. Correct? I'll mark it on my calendar! This project just never seems to get "old". {OT, I've been struggling a bit medically lately, so have had reluctantly "to sleep, perchance to dream (about zanos)}. Thanks, LJG. You will receive a survey to fill out that will allow you to indicate a shipping address. As to when to expect the survey Ivan wrote "We will send out the survey once Kickstarter notify us as to who has pledged what amount and if they have successfully paid for the pledge. Once we have this information, anyone who hasn't paid will free up their pledges to allow us to re-allocate them to other backers. So we wills end out the survey shortly and then start the process of allocating rewards to backers. Kickstarter states that we need to allow 2 weeks for pledges to be collected and for that information to be available to us." Hi, I don't recall that I filled in the shipping address after I pledged. What I can remember is that I only filled in the billing address which is my company. I won't get my ZANO if I cannot surrive at this company then. So what should I do? Where can I change my billing address to shipping address? Thanks @Mark Penders thanks and your comment 5050 @David Moyer Please check the forum mentioned in the comments below. The footage as you requested is not yet available, however it will undoubtedly become available in the quite near future. @creator could we see some video footage of the features such as the obstacle avoidance Lol PS That'll cost you each $150 (hee hee) Wow, some CLINICAL levels of OCD going on here while the resident shrink is away. Repeat after me: "The sun is warm, the grass is green..." Numbers are not special. The won't take over my life..... R-E-L-A-X...... be well, LJG Thanks creator! @Ivan.. I sent you a private message through the forums.. Was not sure it went through. Thanks Hey there! Have you ever considered developing an app for the Zeiss VR one? It could be super cool to be able to control zano via VR, that headset looks like it has a lot of potential Back from a long day at work. Hope everyone is well. Hi John, I believe you may be able to find the answer to your question in the forum at: <url>"pufft" when whip out my Zano;) @Yang Hyun Suk, the earliest ship dates will be June or July 2015. Please check out the forum for a great place to find answers to questions, <url>"work". @Doug I promise you, but I would be more then happy to give you the title, that's the least I can do for a great person like yourself. @Aziz - I can only think that you have one of those old Pentium chips in your head (you know, the ones that couldn't count). @Tri I have created a topic for you, if you go to Board Index on the forum, then click on Kickstater, the heading is VAT. Hope that's ok. I'm sure a member of the team will come back with an answer, but please allow a bit of time because I do know that questions around VAT is not as straight forward answer. @ Tri you can create a topic under Kickster, I'll see if I can do it for you now. And your most welcome. @Azizs Thanks for your answer! :) I already posted something in the forum but I wasn't sure in which topic there this question would fit in best.... ;) In the final app, can you set up gps waypoints to allow for zano to go out of the wifi range? I won, and gave Doug a box of tissue lol @ Tri great question, if you can also raise the question on the forum it would also help others. And I also know Ivan and the team are very active there. Hey ZANO, how are you? :) I just want to ask you again, whether it is possible for you to mark the items as a gift or something. Technically, we have donated money on KS, not actually purchased anything. So it could be labelled as a gift or a sample. It can also be labelled at it's base production cost, not at retail cost. This would help the international backers a lot (in case of customs/taxes/fees or something like that)! Have a nice evening! Sincerly Tri Great place to find answers to questions, <url>| 4969 Mark S, lol I dream of Zano:) @Roger your welcome, no problem or 4965 Just trying to help raise your anziety level Thanks guys, now I need the book! : ) I saw 4960 but gave it as a gift lol You kidding right ? @ Mark S My Wifi playing up great : ( at 4960 party time a happy day...the forum went down and all commentators asked to post to the ks campaign comment section. I just hope forum does not go down @Chris G, worth a try @Roger when you filled the form as long as you got a message saying they have received it, that's it. nice try Hi guys I'm using Aziz's account, mine has been effected by Zano attacks, can I kindly ask you all to go to the forum. With love and kisses Creator of Zano <url>"post comment." Bye bye 5000. :) No no no no no Everyone go to the forum and come back after 5000th comment done. Incase you forgot it's below <url>"The more the merrier!" :) Aaargh, it's getting too much, how can I compete against so many. @Aziz, you might be right, at least I'll then sleep peacefully at night. ... But then, again, 'it could be me' (as the saying sort of goes). See you all at about 4990. Player joined the game. Hey Aziz and Doug, do you need more competition? Maybe I will be 5000. :) All make sure you visit the forum it's brilliant. <url>" <url>#NotHappy @Byron I apologize for that. I missed it out. Actually the creator said: "Regarding questions and comments, please now use the forums; <url>" @midhun are you serious?!? Literally three comments below you I explained why there aren't any more updates.... Learn to read the comments before jumping on and running your mouth... Did they do the lotto on the glow-in-the-dark giveaway? What's Amazon pay is it like Paypal ? My bank wouldn't let me use my debit card . Pay pal would of made it easy to pay . @Ivan After funded successfully, it seems the updates from your side has reduced to zero. This doesnt give impression. happy it's pay for didn't know my bank sucked lol summer will be cool @Peter Yes.. Biscuit + A cup of coffee! Think will need more than one Zano : ) @ryan with the pre production zano wind rating was 25knots @david it has been said multiple times that all questions should be moved to the forums... The creator will not be on here as much now the campaign is over @creator can we get an update or at least a daily response to people's questions @Anyone - Were there any posts from zano headquarters today? @Aziz From your lips to God's ear. I just went back through the payment again (from here) and it looks like success: ZANO - Autonomous. Intelligent. Swarming. Nano Drone. by Torquing Group Ltd Your pledge Your £464.00 pledge to ZANO - Autonomous. Intelligent. Swarming. Nano Drone. has been successfully collected. No further action is needed. I saved the page and printed it out, and saved it again (lol). Now I'll go sit on my front porch and watch for the UPS truck. @ Larry, good luck mate, but I doubt you can do 2 separate payment from 1 KickStarter account how well does it handle wind. what is the max wind speed that it can handle to be stable for clear shots Soon after the clock ran out, I got a txt from my credit card co asking if it was ok. I replied yes. about 90 minutes later I got a call from them (a human too), and ok'd it a second time. After the txt, KS said they (c card) had declined payment. After the phone call I haven't heard anything. I'm not anxious to end up with 2 X $gazzillion on the card..... Hurry up :) i want to do lot of selfly (selfie) :) Je suis Charlie I'm off to playing football, take care Bernie check with your credit card, in case your pledge did not go through from the start. @usdisney A rose is a nice idea, however I'm more interested in biscuit delivery! that's the one email I've not received. 2 from KS, but neither mentioned monies been collected @Holgar You're welcome! Hi Mark T, this one is a bit confusing, because a lot of payment was taken from credit card and not from Amazon, that's why everyone is panicking. Because most people expecting email from Amazon, however if they received the below email from KickStarter Your pledge to ZANO - Autonomous. Intelligent. Swarming. Nano Drone. has been collected! As Mark said everyone should be ok @All from previous backing of stuff on Kickstarter once it has finished it can take up to between 7-14 days for money to be taken. I very much doubt it will show on everyone's card statements etc straight away. As long as you got the email from Amazon stating that the project was successful you have nothing to worry about. @Bernie if you did not get the Email from KickStarter, then I would advice you to call up your credit card department to check if they received any request for payment. @Bernie it will not show yet, give it until latest Tuesday then it should show. It's currently held with the Merchant in clearance. @AZ, no, that's why I'm a bit panicky Please go on forum, you will find most questions answered. Feel free to ask any questions if answer not found. <url>" Your pledge to ZANO - Autonomous. Intelligent. Swarming. Nano Drone. has been collected!" If not then you might need to check it out Bernie! As long as you received Email from Kickstater you should be ok. Normally 2 email from KickStarter. Also with this campaign I think they took Card details rather then going via Amazon! I got confirmation from Amazon because I have cooperate account with them but that is not to say everyone made payments via Amazon. Also rest assure as long as you got the 2 emails from KickStarter your pledge will be carried out, even if there is problem with payment they will make attemps to contact you. @All, The payment through your credit card at this project not Amazon, so you will not received email from Amazon, but you should received a confirmation email from KS. @ Ukeheidi, hmmm interesting. I originally pledged for a white zano, cancelled and then pledged for a red le. 2 emails from KS, but none saying collected. Coincidence, I hope not I'm paying by credit card and I see the payment is in progress on my credit transactions. Amazon hasn't sent me email but it seems like payments are in process of being completed. 12075 different payments to a single account at the same time from all over the world, not a simple task. Lol Chris G, if you got the below Email it's all good. I spoke to Amazon on behalf of all the backers and they have informed me that as long as KickStarter have sent confirmation then it should be ok. However if any problems with payment the will send Email to all concerned and give opportunity to make payment. I would suggest all should see transaction on account latest Tuesday. Hope that helps Aziz Yes, I got this e-mail. I checked Amazon Payments - there is no entry for Zano. Last KS I backed was in October. Last time everything worked fine and I got a confirmation e-mail form Amazon Payments. Guys did you get this email from KICKSTARTER Your pledge to ZANO - Autonomous. Intelligent. Swarming. Nano Drone. has been collected! If yes relax, everything is fine. Same than Chris G. : no email from Amazon, no payment made... (for info, I had first pledged for a white Z., then cancelled, and pledged for a black one). Account as in bank account. @Chris G Check your balance on your account, not transaction as it is still early for that and may take a few days to appear on your statement as a transaction. On your bank account on balance check Cleared Balance. If still there is no luck, contact Kickstater payments. Also you can go to Amazon and check Authorised payments under account and you will be able to check status of payment there. Otherwise contact Amazon directly. I have problems with payment as well. 2 e-mails from kickstarter. No e-mail from Amazon. @Stefan Thank you : ) @usdisney Ivan stated he expected one Zano could carry around 30 grams. Then you can do the math :-) @Peter thank very much for your answers Can Zano fly if I tie a stalk of rose to it? if not, how many Zano do I need in order to carry a stalk of rose? Congratulations!! One question--is 5mp good enough for high quality images? Congratulation on your great debut! Excellent product deserve to gather excellent funding. Congratulations on a successful project! @Holgar Beta test Wiki page is now back up: <url>£'s. @Ivan ... Will i be able to order extra parts ..batteries,propellers,zanofuel ect.. Before june and have it shipped with my zano or will i have to pay a separate shipping charge and have it delivered on a later date? @Mark Nevar, Yes - though that is only a very recently change in the UK. However, it is usually the case (at least with my previous successful KS pledges) that the payments go through and appear more or less the same day as the KS ends in my online banking application, but this time there is/was a day or two delay. @Mark Campbell, I don't think KS utilizes Amazon Payments outside of the US (and in the future, not at all). @Creative Apparel, I agree, Zano is amazing value, particularly when you consider the following - very impressive (really like the video and would be keen to see a similar one with a couple of Zano's zooming around indoors), but lacking camera, full WiFi, and many other features, mini-drone, is only a few pounds cheaper: <url>`s that it glows in the dark but is the camera able to function in the dark? Just wondered is all. I think the whole concept and what they have achieved is fantastic and am pleased to be a backer. @larry - check your back account... Larry if they phoned to confirm it should be fine. If you have online banking it may show the difference balance on ' cleared Funds ' but not on transaction. Can't wait that long. Why tomorrow is not June. I might as well join the fray. I have an Identity Theft setup that Texted me about the request. I ok'd it. Then a half hour later they called and I ok'd it AGAIN, verbally. The amount was correct. So I'm assuming that they did get paid. Is there somewhere I can check that? No receipt so far. I too am having issues with payment. Says declined but I certainly have the funds. I received no notification of fraudulent activity from bank. Really weird:( Try checking junk mail. @Bernie Ok thats odd. Project finished at 15:38GMT. I got one at 15:47GMT from KS subject "Yes! ZANO - Autonomous. Intelligent. Swarming. Nano Drone. has been successfully funded." then one at 16:19GMT subject "Your pledge to ZANO - Autonomous. Intelligent. Swarming. Nano Drone. has been collected!" Nothing from amazon, and as I said the money is yet to leave my account. Possibly worth you emailing KS? @AZIZ, nothing from Amazon @Peter, No cash mentioned as yet, just got 2 emails but neither mentioned cash, just got congratulations @Aziz Thats true I might, although probably have a higher chance of that happening if I buy a ticket... One day. One day.... @ Peter lol. I'm just banking on the 56days that's when it finishes, if they do raise all fund as I mentioned the calculation and pledge is not on Par, you never know might win the Lottery lol @Bernie Have had confirmation email from KS that money has been taken, but it is yet to leave my bank (Natwest), it is a credit card so expecting it to take a couple of days @Aziz Branto looks pretty cool, although it's not something I am particularly interested in right now (mostly because I have nowhere near enough money, and share a house so my house mates might find it a little creepy...) However once I one day get my own place (in London? yeah right... :/ ) I will be keen for Nest integration and as much smart home gubbins as I can get. I'm a full on tech geek so if I can message my washing machine to turn it on and get one back from my fridge when the milk is out of date I will! :) Hi Bernie Did you get email from Amazon or KICKSTARTER, to say money has been taken out? Sometimes it takes a few days to show on bank account due to clearance. Hey all, can I confirm that payments have been taken, as no cash has left my account %¬(( Where as the Icam pro, has a great marketing campaign and I think received award at the CES 2014 or 2015 can't remember. Hi Larry & Peter Yeh there is one out of the 3 that looks great but the marketing and pledge set up is not so great. I think it's called BRANTO. Let me know what you think. @Aziz Thanks! Any projects worth looking at? @AngusCNH Thanks for the info! This user's account has been deleted. @Aziz I'd be interested in seeing the projects you found interesting, as I might too. TIA LJG @peter , by reading some main words , we can guess what you're talking about , GT is suck , but sometimes it is very useful BTW ,the language you are using is simplify chinese which is mainly use by the mainland china . 鬆弛豪and me is using Traditional Chinese which mainly use by HKer and Taiwanese BRANTO, Zerohour and ICampro I think it's called. Peter I will leave you in the Forum, and I will stay here to coordinate people to your direction! Lol got myself backing maybe 3 more projects that look interesting. @Aziz Hahahah Yes if you follow me through the comments and forums I have shown off my ability to speak Chinese, German and French - admittedly with bad grammar... :P Google Translate FTW! Lol, I felt a bit left out. I thought wow they all speak Chinese ( I think ), then penny dropped ' google translation " to the rescue. ; ) @AngusCNH Thanks! I figured it would be, but thought I'd give it a shot anyway! @peter , thank you for you to try to give a help hand , but google translating the sentence really bad ^^" @鬆弛豪 ： 你昨晚之前有沒有贊助他們？ 沒有的話其實遲點都可以係宮網買返 @Aziz : 鬆弛豪said that he really hope that he can get a GITD ZANO. Hi @All. Remember please check the Wiki (<url>所述ZANO可在黑暗中的版本从网站辉光flyzano.com的ZANO具有内置到，这将导致该操作期间发光臂紫外线发光二极管。我希望帮助。如果这不是你原来的问题，请只问 - 我不得不使用谷歌翻译这个很抱歉，如果它不是很大。 Sorry haven't got a clue what you asking or telling. Best place to ask questions or find answers. <url>好希望可以得到晚上發光版zano� Good morning all. So many people want the red Zano LE but not the red case lol. Mark, you might want a topic on that on the Forum! I would have done it, but don't want to mess it up, so I'll support here as much as I can. Chat later guys Hi Ivan do you also include the external USB battery charger with all the pledges above 139 pounds? @Ivan I have pledged for Red LE zano. I would however love to have Red LE ZANO in Black LE CASE. Is this possible. This will be a simple customization option Wrong time, wrong place / website ;-) Ok - thank you for clarification :-) Have a nice weekend. hmm didnt see the last update With available Accessories. Is there a way to get Accessories to backer prices now? I pledged for the Limited Edition Camo Zano. I paid £215 and I get: 1x Limited Edition Camouflage ZANO 1x Camouflage Carry Case 1x ZANOfuel Portable Charging Stick 1 x Charging Cable 1 x Spare Battery If I would preorder on thier homepage I would pay £215 for the camo zano as well but I get: 1x ZANO Camouflage 1x Limited Edition Camouflage Carry Case 2x Batteries 2x Full Sets of propellers 1x MicroUSB Charging Cable 1x ZANOfuel Charging Stick ?????? Where is my benefit for baking this? Amazing project! Looking forward to june! :) Congratulations to Reece, Ivan and the entire Torquing Group team on a fantastic campaign. Your willingness to respond to backers' comments/suggestions has to be commended. Certainly am looking forward to the delivery being made in a few months time. Well done also to my fellow backers here for providing such a welcoming comments board over the last 40+ days. @Jose @Ivan will be working on GMT so if you base it on that,no not yet today as its only 07:44. He did a few updates at various times yesterday, and I'm sure he will do more today - however I'd hope they were having a bit of a celebration last night so wouldn't be surprised if it was a little slower than usual. Or go to <url>축하합니다~ @creator - Ivan, I backed for a black LE set but would be REALLY happy getting a red ZANO with a black case. Let me know if there is any way to do this. Can not wait until Spring!!! :) This user's account has been deleted. Also nice article @ B&H. Except: "ZANO expects to release the quadcopter sometime this month." found here: <url>ólo 163 días!! I will be forwarding any links to the FAQ on my website straight to the new wiki FAQ page as I think that is going to the best place to get quick answers. It will always be evolving and new data will constantly be added by multiple people. my final update for the spreadsheet. I expanded the comments one last time to the very first one and copied everything: <url>"Zano Survey" asking which colors and add-one we want? Guys make sure you click to this link for any question <url>éxito que tendrá ZANO, espero poder compartirlo con todos, y muy especialmente desde Venezuela. Espero poder contar con mi ZANO RED lo mas pronto posible y seguir promoviéndolo en mi país. Estoy trabajando en ello, a través de @flyzanovzla y por Facebook flyzanovzla, email: <email> y estoy muy seguro que ZANO ganara el premio del mejor CES 2015.... TODOS A VOTAR online por ZANO. @Sheri E Stefano Bellelli No need to say sorry! (: Happy to help out! Congratulazioni per la riuscita della prima parte del progetto! @stephan Oh you are correct! Sorry :/ @Sheri E Stefano Bellelli Actually everyone was supposed to add the amount of money to their pledge and during the survey everyone is supposed to specify want they want to get. But maybe they can arrange something. Congratulations !!! Make this project a success ... sounds great and looking forward to mine as well as the beta one. Not sure if this has already been posted, but nice tagline: <url>� Yea!!! Good luck And congrats!!! Excellent! I cannot wait! Congrats to the Zano team and all backers for achieving this!! Whoops, I was asleep and missed the end of the campaign! Congrats to @Creator! I think I may go insane waiting until June, LOL. I look forward to receiving my Zano, and to become a Beta tester! Congratulations, Torquing Group! =D Congrats to all of your hard work! The Zano looks to be amazing and will have excellent applications, covering many fields of work and fun, especially for amateurs. Can't wait to test it. Realtors will be going ape for it and even many government agencies will want it, do to the low cost and ease of use. My prediction is millions of people will want it, so the main issue will be producing enough of them early on. Hope you have room for expansion! Congratulations Ivan!!!!!, you have now successfully created an Internet community of enthusiastic Zanolites :) Do we need to buy a separate sd card for nano, or does one come with it? What brand/type would you recommend to go in it? I presume this is for photo/video memory? Wohoo...can not wait any longer ...congrats:) Congrats~ Congratulations Zano's Team, you may have broken a new record. Congrats on a very successful project! @Ivan No problem, difficult not to miss stuff atm. @Roger posted in the forum under the topic "Zano Prop's": "I never seen or forgot to ask, are the prop's for the Zano screw on or just pressed on? As I have had bad experience with props pressed on, holes wearing out after a crash or used for awhile, motor spins faster than prop so they just try to flip over on the ground. Went through a lot of spare props with a different brand of small quad...Anyone know if (hopefully) screwed on?" Wow! congratulation! Yeah I was wishing for at least 8mp camera too:( @Creator Hey Ivan - looks amazing! Congratulations!! One question--is 5mp good enough for high quality images? Congratulations on the huge sucess. Now i look forward to getting my zano. And keep all fingers crossed that i win another one in the littery. I really couldnt afford this one. But winning another would really make my day :) Congratulations Torquing Group, Team Zano and all the KS backers! @Roger @Ivan As for your question about the props, superb question that I would be interested in knowing as well @Roger Maki There is no email notification for Beta testing, you should have been sent to a web page which confirms though. Hope that helps @Roger All the answers to your beta tester questions can be found here: <url>� good luck with the futher route to delivery! Mine is pending lol I had to very with fraud prevention The money has left my account! Wahoo great job guys!!!! payment ok. Wait for updates very early!!! @creators well done on smashing your target!! Haha, well at least I know my bank is paying attention. My payment was declined because the bank thought it looked suspicious that I was attempted to pay a company in the UK, for the amount that I am. Luckily I was able to call them back in time to get it remedied so that I can redo my payment! This user's account has been deleted. Congrats! Good luck at CES! Congrats!!!! £125,000 ... it's nothing... now you can do more with £2,3MM Congrats, I'm keen to try it Wow! But it's only the beginning! We wait for a long series of surprises! Good job! Just received this email: "Your pledge to ZANO - Autonomous. Intelligent. Swarming. Nano Drone. has been collected!" :D Money hasn't left the account yet, but its officially official! Fantastic, this has been amazing to watch so far, looking forward to all the updates building up to the release in June. Great job, searching the web on similar drones, I find many, but they are large and very expensive, Zano is going to be priced right for those who want this capability but cannot afford the prices seen in the market today. As I have followed Zano and watched all of the videos, I have no doubt that all of those folks involved in R and D will do their utmost to advance all systems, including the camera and video. Looking forward to receiving my red unit and seeing what it will do. Hats off to Torquing Group. congratulations - cant wait for mine to arrive! gz Super! Congratulation! awesome. great to be a small part of this project. Congratulations on a successful Funding Project. Cant wait to see the final product, more importnatly looking forward to beta testing this drone :) Congratulations! I'm really excited about the technology you put into such a small package. Was thinking, if you got 8 ZANO's flying in formation, octagon, you could create a VR video! Cool! Congrats! Experience from previous backed project tells me this will be a nice christmas present :). But it will be worth the wait! Congratulations, and also thanks for the regular updates. It's really refreshing and positive to be kept in the loop of progress. I'm very much looking forward to being a beta tester! Congratulations! Looking forward to following the development of this project! Congrats Torquing Ground Ltd, what an amazing project to be part of. I look forward to watching the Zano evolve. So excited to be part of this. Congratulations Awesome! can't wait to fly this thing Congratulations! Congratulations & God job! Please keep Mind,yours. & Thank you , joined Project. Congrats you all deserve it-- take moment to pay yourselves on the back for 1. Quality presentation 2. Outstanding concepts 3. Patients cause I know you all had to face a few things, and perseverance.. For going the distance - Richard Prince II This user's account has been deleted. We did it! good luck with the hard work in front of you This KS has been arguably the most exciting I've taken part in. Many congratulations to the Creators and Backers alike. With such enthusiasm, the product will exceed all expectations. Congrats to the Zano Team. Now the anxious await for June to roll around. Looking forward to the Beta testing, I hope I'm one of the lucky 3 that get the LE Glow in the dark Zano. I can't wait to see what you guys come up with next Congratulations Torquing Group, Team Zano and all the KS backers. Congrats to the Zano Team. I am looking forward to this project as it holds much GREAT promise. Great news Zano. Now I must obtain and learn to use a smartphone ! Fantastic!!! Congratulations Torquing Group! Please provide us with a better camera if possible. @Carlton Hahahaha imagine... Once again, great job everyone! My compliments to Torquing Ground Ltd for all they have done. See you all at the Zano forum! Enjoy CED in Las Vegas! Put £2,335,119 on red number seven. @Rudy Email <email> Hi, can I reach you by mail, someware? Congrats Zano team. Cannot wait until I get my drone. Excited and anxious! Cant wait !!!! Congrats! Looking forward to seeing what exciting things come from this project. @Nitai Hah a good question. Estimation is shipping in June with a slim (teeny tiny) possibility that they may arrive a touch earlier, and an even smaller possibility that they could be delayed. @Ivan has said they will do everything they can to get the Zano to us ASAP without compromising quality. Congrats! Congratulations. Looking forward to beta testing the h*ck out it! @nitai - we'll try and keep <url>£193 Kickstarter shows this project as being funded about 15 minutes ago. How wrong they are! It was funded 41 days ago when pledges exceeded the £125000 funding target. As so many have said, the success of this is down to the @creators and their extraordinary enthusiasm and responsiveness - Many thanks to you all and I look forward to the next few months. @Daymak Ok sorry if I didn't quite get it, hope you can an answer and let me know if there's anything else I can help with. Congrats Zano Team! I really hope with all the resources, the camera and the image quality can be greatly improved. perfect! you made it! Congratulations! Congrats Team Torquing. You've made it. Can't wait to get the Zano. I now wish you all the best for the work to come. Congratulations on an excellent campaign. Hope I will be chosen as a beta tester. @Peter, thanks, I understand that. Not quite what I meant though, but I sent an email already. Congrats again guys, great update, great job on the campaign ! =) Congrats on a successfully executed Kickstarter campaign! Brilliant ideas, can't wait till June! Congratulations!! Thanks for the update @Ivan, congratulations again and looking forward to the developments over the coming months! Wonderful Project and now the real hard work begins, keeping your new customers happy :) Best of luck guys. @Creator Congratulations, amazing funded project. Congratulations Torquing Group. @Ivan, @Reece special thanks. Just got to repeat what the other guys have already said! Your dedication to keeping everyone updated is the reason for the huge success. If the feedback had slowed down after the initial goal was met, then I doubt it would have reached the amazing figures it has. Great! Congratulation! Clear sky and tailwind! Здорово! Поздравляю! Чистого неба и попутного ветра! Sorry guys, gotta scoot (quite literally) Congratulations Ivan, Team Zano, Reece, Torquing group and the KS backer community. Great campaign. Looking forward to getting my Zano Red and GITD in June. Be well one and all. LJG @Jeremy Yeah sure, why not ;) @Peter - Are we sure the forum can handle a deluge of congrats! Congratulations on completing your Kickstarter funding, many times over. I'm proud to be a backer, and I'm soooo excited for my Zano to arrive :-) The pledges are still counting after it closed. :) Lets go for 2,5 mil! :-) Haha. I guess it has been so busy kickstarter is still processing backers. Don't forget to add your congratulations to the forum folks: <url>恭喜恭喜, 恭喜發財 !! Congratulation! Well done. Now just deliver. Can't wait, then can get big... See you in the forum uli_sinus @Daymak You should be able to look on the main page to see what reward level you pledged for. Useful links for you: Zano forum: <url>#soexcited ! ++++++++ This is gonna be fun :) Congrats to the team! I've literally been trying to read all of the comments and I'm amazed at the responsiveness of @Creator. Super. Bravo à tous. Très gros succès. Je pense que maintenant les concepteur vont avoir du boulot avec tous ces suggestions. Y a qu'à, comme on dit chez nous. Two point three million and change. WHEW. Congrats, I just got in on the last couple seconds, but I know it's a busy time, but can someone contact me in regards to my reward selection, because it was at the few minutes, it didn't give me the option to fix it when I was going through it, I just want to make sure that the correct reward went through ... Thanks & Congrats again to a great campaign !!! weird.. #backers still counts after deadline. Congrats! Just have mine flown over here;) Congratulations Torquing! Most fun Kickerstarter EVER! ザーノー、おめでとう！ +1 @Peter M - You said it all. Just short of 2,400,000 but still good! : ) Wow! Congrads.. Well done, can't wait to zano up. Outstanding. So exciting to watch the countdown - better than New Year's Eve! Congratulations on a job well done!!!!! 18,6 times more than expected ;-) 2 black £189 opened at the last second!! What a great campaign!! Congrats to all!! Funded! The best project ever!!!!! Congratulations!!!!!!!! And there you have the REST of the story... It's been a great ride guys. Thanks. 4 new backers in the last 5 seconds! Love it What a fun campaign Congratulations to the whole Torquing group, the funding and over 12,000 backers really reflects all your effort putting this project together. Ivan your daily input and answering literally everyone’s questions has been superb and is certainly one of the reasoning’s for this projects success, along with Reece’s regular updates and videos. Well deserved success! Congra. Congratulations!!!! Fireworks!! We did it! £2,333,847 pledged 12,068 backers A massive congratulations to everyone in the @Zano and @Torquing teams, all the companies that are also involved and not forgetting the backers! This has been an amazing project and I look forward to being invovled with its future. A special mention has to go to @Ivan for his level of commitment to keeping us all informed, reading every comment and answering pretty much everything in his amazing twice daily updates. Thanks everyone for makning this awesome. Congratulations to Ivan,Reece and the entire ZANO team. £2.3 million pledged, over 12,000 backers and 4500+ comments. Most fun and exciting Kickstarter ever! It's over! Awesome project! :) 500 added in last 60 seconds. Congrats torquing group A bit like watching an eBay auction for £2.3M!!! Phew WOOOOH Best new Zano wishes :) Congrats for an amazing campaign! Congratulations for all involved!! 0! Huge Congrats Guys :) A stunning campaign for a fantastic product. I'm so pleased to be a small part of your success and can't wait to get my ZANO. Have a drink on me, David. Wooohhoooo finished!!!! 2 3... 2... 1... Boom! Congratulations everyone! =) And finito! Well done Torquing - outstanding! 3 1 OVER!!! CONGRATS! ZERO! congratulation Team Zano 10s to go ... @Ivan, @TeamZano, what an absolutely outstanding KS. The best of the almost 100 I've backed so far! Excellent communication, commitment, and comradery all round! This really feels like the beginning of something special. Now for the real work to commence given that the end of the KS pledging is just the end of the beginning for Zano. Roll on June! @Byron LOL Just say one is a gift for her....... :) boomz! £2,333,351 pledged with 30 seconds left! Look at those numbers fly! See you all on the other side YOLO @Peter @Matthew - I did a Word Cloud thing on the Comments, you'd be amazed how often the word Matthew and Cornelisse occur! Bloody hell, its counting down in seconds now!! Getting excited!! @All - 1 minute left to get oyur orders in. Its a bit like watching an eBay auction but far more fun Thanks @Matthew, although not ideal as i have commented on other projects Argh my wife is going to kill me too @Peter top of the page 4515 comments, ..... countdown, seconds to go Happy New Zano !!!!!!! £2,332,592 pledged with 1 minute left!! @Peter Mulholland click in your name. @Adrian .... in the house on a couch with a cocktail in hand, that's how.............LOLOL @Adrian if memmory serves zano is good to -40c @Special Genius! @@ time is coming. @Matthew Where can you see how many comments you've made? -30 sod that! Wonder how the zano will function in that sort of temp? In my mind, due to the previous posts about Tracy Island, for the countdown, in my mind, is this: <url>£2,329,550 pledged with 5 minutes left! @Kai : You can only die once, so another zano ain't a problem :-) @Micki Whitewalls @Adrian that's -17c I live in Canada. Not bad yesterday it was -30c. The firearm was an autocorrect error. Good work @Kai-Chih @Kai-Chih Peng - but you only die once and if she misses you'll have 2 Zanos. Seems like a good deal to me! @Micki @Roger Me too! I have GITD, Black and White props coming, think they will all look good, the GITD at night and the black/white nice contrasting colours during the day I think red props on a black Zano will look pretty fly too pledge another zano in the last moment. my wife's gonna kill me again.. lol. Aha bit saner! Realy looking forward to the zano. Hope my mate moving to NZ will make good use of his with all that amazing topography. @Matt @Doug It may be only 7:30am but I gaurentee they're up and watching this! @Roger that's what I was thinking. GITD on my red! Niceeeeee!! going to try GITD props on my Red Zano, do have a GITD Zano also, they should look cool at night together! It's about -27C or freaking cold!! @ Doug, I think your right its only 7:30am in Vegas at the moment :( @Larry, you're a brave lad!! @Bernie Fair point fair point @Larry You better hope she doesn't see that! Firearms pull station? WTF? Sounds like a random word generation. What's -17 in c? Sorry fire alarm. Pull stations. @Chris G I honestly don't think you have to worry about that. From what we've seen from @Ivan @Reece and the rest of the team they are dedicated to bringing us a completed, fully functional product as promise. Also if they don't we know where the factory is and I'm sure we have enough people here to form a decent lynch mob... @Peter LOL you haven't seen my daughter!!! @Peter, cause you ain't got 2xGITD and a red 'un Who got the camo zano like me? I'm very sceptical because an other ks project I backed was a real bait & switch. I hope the creators of this ks here will fulfill their promises and the product will not be BETA, have poor quality, or something like that. @Larry Oy why didn't I get that offer?! :P @ad would you like to date my daughter? @adchesney : wow, well done!! Just upgraded my pledge to £669 - got 2 x GITD, hoping to get LE Red and some extras!! @Matt I'd pick that up even if it was pay-per-view. @Matt T - not sure that CES will have opened for the day. @Matthew what are "firearm pull stations" I am very intrigued. And -17 is way to cold for me. Everyone thanks for info from all, I don't know how i missed part's priceng in #13 update but got them. Thank's I hope there is a countdown going on @ CES when it gets to the end! @Aziz Ahmed I wish I was taking a nap. Been moving firearm pull stations outside at a walmart all morning. It is -17 right now @ T-20 mins Can they crack the 2.4 mil mark??? Awesome add-ons!! @Larry: Think you might win on the eyes :-) Very easily lost I should think. I'm picturing a lot of bloodshot eyes huddled around a monitor in Wales.... (and more than a few here too. Argh... I may have to relinquish my LE red... With lights and sound, how can it get lost?? Wow, just came to see what was going on and 25min to go. Epic! Looking forward to Zano!! Thanks Larry!! Lol it so happens I'm on holiday. Running late cya soon Yay, managed to nab super early white and sap out my seb black one. Think the black one will be a pain to find if lost. @Aziz Free advice - get out more. (lol) @Peter The fact that there ARE a bunch of names is another symptom of the community that has grown here. I'd like to think that I provided the manure (g) 25 minutes left with £2,322,212 pledged! :-) Oh crap need to collect the kids from school Ah ha - but I still have my LE Red (and white & black) @Larry Maybe they should do the lottery, and then some special awards for those who have made a significant contribution. Some names pop to mind... Hahaha I still have the 4k title and the 4400 title!! Lol. " Man I need my medicine; ) " Hah thanks @Larry. I'm taking that as a compliment @Shaun - please don't rub it in, @the 3 Musketeers: even though it would eliminate me, they ought to award the GITD's to the 3 highest commentators. (assuming they were helping). @Larry - Re extender, I agree with you. I'm surprised that Ivan can't make time to sort that out in time for launch (lol). .. And @Ivan, if you are reading this, I'm only kidding, please don't drop me off oyur backer list. FIRST EDITION WHITE and BLACK ZANO 189 deal is open, anyone got it :p? Impressive ks. Especially for someone like me who's still thinking flint technology is cool. Pity I can't afford one of the nice gitd ones. @Peter No, there *are* absolutes re weirdness. @Peter ;) it's all in the name of ' Zanomaniacs' lol @Doug Conan RE: @Aziz ROTFL 12,000 and counting - fantastic! Haha look how many after me ; ( @Aziz @Doug Wow, you two are reaching my levels of weirdness... Wow.... 12K Backers :) @Aziz - you MUST keep up! We've got the 12,000 !! Lol you got that one Doug 1 backer for 12000 !! and yet another milestone reached!! 12000 backers. What next I wonder £2.5M? 12 000 backers it is! Lol Peter, no don't worry it's just something me and Dough have been observing! Not number of comments, but we are trying to leave comments on each of the 1000s lol Here's a forum topic for everyone to post their congratulations when the campaign ends: <url>£100 or so (IIRC). What a long waiting , i was here while it just pass the 12.5k golf , now , i thinking that i was participating a great project that i didn't try before( although i did nothing to zano) Really hope zano can come soonest so that i can take vlog alone easily Met some lovely people here. Great fun and like minded Ivan suggested in a previous post that they are looking into a range extender for those flights beyond the 15-30 meters listed. @Aziz - Yup, I was poised ready to go on that one. Re 5000 comments, at the rate they've been clocking up over the last day or so, that should be some time tomorrow but maybe things will quieten down after the end of this campaign. And what a campaign!! I've just been glued to my screen watching the numbers change for what seems like a lifetime but is only about a week or so (at the first surge). Pity, really, that its all going to be over soon. But the distance that was mentioned previously I believe was 30m, but they looking to bring out a distance extender With less than 1 hour left, an early congratulations to @Ivan, @Reece, Team Zano and Torquing Group! As has been said many, many times (should do a search and count in Mark's spreadsheet), this project has got to be the best handled Kickstarter so far. Hopefully it will be used as a model for other Kickstarters. It's been fun to watch unfold, and can't wait for the next phase. 50 minutes left here...206,771 minutes left to June. See everyone on the wiki/forums. Oooops wifi depends on your phone or tablet Thanks Aziz I think the range at the moment is 30m @Byron, you can't add funds after it has closed. However, later, you will be able to buy almost all of the non-Limited Edition (LE) items on the flyzano website. This includes Zanos, spares and other items they choose to sell. Lol, just looked I had the 4000 comment and the 4400 comment, lol Guys, it's probably here but with so many comments it'll take a day or two to find it. Quick question: what distance will the Zano fly before losing wifi range and returning to base? Doug, you love your numbers lol. I'll race you to the 5000 comments lol Yes! $3,500,000 achieved! $3.5M done & dusted. Now on to 12000 backers Peter yeh, couldn't have planed that even if we wanted to Classic. Amazing!! Only £1k short of $3,500,000 pledges :-) I was thinking the same Holger :-) Thanks @Aziz - that was just really bad timing... God I hope we can add funds later... I'm tapped atm John lol It's like New Year's Eve :-) Peter means 1hour until campaign ends guys not flying time, just to clarify @Aziz I'm sure you could find the answer on the FAQ page: <url>#p512 Thanks Randy. I'm sure it is possible for the Extra propeller that it comes with, but personally I have gone for the GITD as an extra, as it's good to have spares on these things. You may be able to put it down on the survey at the end. Good luck @Rina, @Randy Alexander : When you pledge for a zano, you will get 2 standard batteries & 2 sets of props. If you want extended batteries & props, you up your pledge for that amount, not just the differnce in price. Hope this helps. @ Aziz To clarify, since we will receive two sets of propellers per Zano, I would like to "upgrade" one of them to a glow-in-the-dark propellers. May I just add 5.50 to do this? I've read that one may add the difference if one wants the extended flight time battery instead of the regular batteries. Thank you. @Aziz - it seems like she is wondering if she can pledge an additional 5.50 to get GITD propellars for her second (included) set. Since regular are 2.50 and GITD are 8.00, the difference is 5.50. It is actually an excellent question and I too would like to know. Sorry Rina not Tina Tina what do you mean? Sorry if this has been asked and answered already but may I know if I can just add the difference to upgrade the extra propeller set to the GITD version, just like what is suggested regarding regular and extended batteries? Thanks in advance! I'm also about to go quiet for a while. But I thought I'd get in before the pages and pages of forthcoming Congratulations. So, Congratulations!!!! This has been a great example of KS crowd involvement. The initial project was well thought out and constructed. Most of the campaign included suggestions on usage and features - which the creators thought about and included where they could. I suspect they were flexible enough to add what they could before the delivery date without compromising the delivery date too much. Kudos to @Ivan and his colleagues - they provided transparency and went beyond most KS creators in sharing info (although Bragi are up there as well). The suggestions are now slowing down - I think almost everything has been covered! And we move quickly towards the close - and the opening of a new phase. The creators have a huge job ahead of them. They will have to rely on 3rd parties and that could mean delays they can't control - the project delivery dates may have to be extended. We all have to appreciate there may be bumps in the road ahead, and we should temper any impatience we may feel! Looking forward to the Updates and the Delivery! @ Guo Jun Tan 1. The wifi connection is secured using WPA2 2. I assume the images will be sent by 3G/4G although I guess video will have to wait until you get home unless you have a unlimited data account and a long time on your hands. Regarding IP of the photos I guess that is a question for @creator. Bugger sorry. (Naughtily) Copied that from the forum as I wanted @Ivan to see and forgot to correct the image link. Lets try again... "@Ivan Finally found an image of what I mean! <url>" @Ivan Finally found an image of what I mean! [img]<url>£2.3 million, that's fantastic. Ivan panda the Torquing Group must be so proud. Well done on this fantastic achievement. Ken (sunkenvilla). Just £7500 needed in 100 minutes to hit $3,500,000 in pledges! Ok, done now. Got 2x extended batteries and some Gitd props. Now we wait. :) See you all on the forums. @creators please do go ahead with the higher capacity battery.Longer battery life would mean longer uninterrupted flight time to play with.Furthermore,my country does not have any legislations restricting the weight of a drone so I am good in that department,it doesn't really have to be 60g as it is not a priority for me. @Doug, it'll be close but at the current rate of pledges it's doable - very exciting final minutes :-) About £9000 to go before we hit $3.5M. Will we do it in 110 minutes? @Sebastian Messerich Huzzah!!! (so much for quiet). Given current exchange rates we're 'only' around £15k short of $3.5m :-) @Larry Yes @Mark is right. 2 hrs 14 mins YES: ;) £2,300,096 pledged @Mark @Dave THANKS! I'm now gonna be quiet for a change. Uh 10:36 a.m. here, I think. Drs appt is 1:30 today. @Larry Polo shirts are £25 - that's currently just under USD38. @larry that's in 2 hrs from now I have a red LE. Think it is possible to have it delivered with a black LE case? Hi, just a couple of quick questions: (1) Any information on how the virtual tether will be protected to prevent hijacking (e.g. WPS or simple password)? (2) It's mentioned that the videos will be sent to the company HPC to perform post processing of the video. How will this be done (i.e. through the mobile network, using the mobile dataplan?) and if privacy of the images shot is compromised (i.e. Intellectual property of the images processed on the servers)? Thanks for taking the time to make this project available to the masses! @Peter I see a smudge there. I'll trust your literacy skills. And now to your math skills: what the heck time is that in Eastern Daylight savings time. I thought that I was - 5 GMT. @Larry I quote: "This project will be funded on Thu, Jan 8 2015 3:38 PM +00:00." (Displayed jsut under the box showing your pledge) @Larry You're welcome! You actaully missed a fair amount of activity on here and the forum, but I'm sure you'll catch up! :) @Tony C I have an appointment available around 2 pm.. Two couches, no waiting. @Frederik I think I can help with some of that; 2) The UV LEDs do indeed illuminate the props. I have an LE Red and have ordered a spare set of GITD props for night flying. With 1 Zano you get 4 props on it, plus one set spare (4). So you will receive 8 individual props. Any more spare sets you order are complete sets of 4. (Does that make sense?) 3) Matte has been confirmed, this was asked early one and the general consensus was people would prefer matte. 4) The renderings are quite old (in the scheme of things) and the design has moved on. Ivan has said they will include as much as possible but definitely the Zano (obviously), the ZanoFuel, at least one set of spare props and at least 2 spare batteries (probably more) - and who knows what else they will squeeze in! The idea of controlling Zano with one device and observing on another has been discussed, I believe it is a possibility and @Ivan was thinking about it (sure he'll correct me if I'm wrong...) Hope that helps! Add scent detector and laser beam so I can have it sniff my ex girlfriends sweater and it can hunt her down and zap her. Also install a speaker to relay a message, say 5 seconds. "I want my favorite shit back!" Lol @All can anyone give me the right time that this shootin match ends? I can only get 2 hours and I'm going to need to try some exquisite timing and logistics. @Peter Thanks a bunch. @Dave Please remiind me how much the popo shirts were 25?? And what is that in real money (g) @ivan Just got a few questions: 1. What's the extended flight time battery? Is it the 650mAh or 800mAh model? What's the standard size? 2. Does the UV-Leds also illuminate the rotors? Because I've got a black Zano and I'm thinking about the opportunity of flying in the dark. Does spare set mean 4 propellers? 3. Is it confirmed that the black Zano is in matt black and not in glossy? I would prefer a matt finish. 4. The renderings of the case doesn't look like there is enough space for a second battery + Zano fuel + props + (in future) charging pads. Will they fit inside? It would be really cool for users with multible devices to link the tablet (for ex.) to display the live video and let the mobile phone act like a controller only. Thank you for a reply. As a super early bird I'm really looking forward to see what Zano can do in the future. @Larry, you only missed the seconds ticking by, and the constant tapping of F5... (Damn autocorrect) @Larry, you okay missed the seconds ticking by, and the constant tapping of F5... @Larry Everything. Back from throwing up, what''d I miss ? (g) I just increased my pledge for the 3rd time. I don't usually pledge for shirts but can now get a polo - or alternatively, a greater selection of spares. I will decide later after the design is selected/published. Sure it will. :) @John The current camera is not, however it is modular and other cameras will be available for purchase post launch, so you could purchase one and swap it out (a very easy process) to use for this purpose. The security camera idea is one that many people have mentioned so I'm sure it will be implemented in some form. A discussion is running on the forum here: <url>’s) then Zano could be used as a mobile security camera at night i.e. You hear a noise down stairs send Zano down it might get smashed but your head won’t. Or, will the LED’s on the front be able to light up a room enough to get a good picture/video of what is happening? First of all, congratulations for an awesome project! What a wonderful product you already by now! I've been following the progress for the past two weeks, read through all of the comments and got gradually more excited about the Zano. Zanospeed to @Creator! @Peter & Aziz, thanks for the help! Hi guys I'm not gonna be around when the project finishes. So will find out late tea time what we ended on. @creators well done!! @ivan, @TeamZano, @all It has been a real pleasure being part of this journey, thank you very much! @Rainer No problem Kai increase your pledge by £149 @Kai-Chih Scroll up to where your pledge amount is show, select the blue 'Manage' button, increase the pledge amount to cover a second Zano (I believe the lowest price ones available currently are £164 in black or white) (you only need one £10 shipping cost to cover the whole order), don't adjust your reward level! Select the green 'Continue' button, check your changes and select the blue 'Confirm' button and you're done! Thanks for the quick and competent answer regarding running out of power! How do I buy an additional bareboned zano? @Peter, that will be a video to watch. (Wear a hard hat when you do it!!!) @Rainer, what Peter said +1. Also, after landing and the motors stop, the battery power rebounds a little and the Zano can make a sound and flash the lights so you can find it... @Dave I definitely will! Ideally I'll be able to fly it to my mouth and eat it hands free ;) Or maybe some form of tea-dunker... @Rainer Not a stupid question at all. If a Zano runs low on power it will return to the homebase (the phone/tablet/device you are using to control it). However an option has been implemented so you can designate an alternate landing zone (for example if you are doing a water based activity you could designate an LZ on the shore/bank so Zano would go there rather than trying to meet up with you and maybe getting wet!) @Peter, I guess I missed that post on loops. I'm sure a biscuit carrier would be excellent (take a video when you do it!). Maybe a stupid question: What kind of action a ZANO takes if it runs out of power? Return to homebase, falls down,....?? @Christian This is a good idea, however I believe this has been solved with by being able to designate a landing zone/safe spot. So if you knew you would be over water, before setting off you would designate the safe zone so the Zano would go there if it lost signal or ran low on the battery. As the waypoints are stored locally this wouldn't be an issue. @Dave If you read Ivan's response he is not opposed to it. If the loop is included then it is the users problem if you overload it and wreck the motors. I'm sure a small cardboard platform to carry one biscuit wouldn't be an issue ;) More information on this topic can be found here: <url>#p400 @MatthewC. Thanks for the timings. I hope the electronics test out as expected. I'll keep a watch out as I want one of the early ones! @Peter, with the 60g limit I doubt whether they'll add any type of lifting hook/loop. :-) The discussion about suddenly losing phone signal / having no defined return point brought up a question in my mind: will the Zano's multiple sensors be able to detect whether it is above water or land / other solid surfaces? In this case it could actively refuse touching down on water and instead hover above the surcface. @Dave Thats why I'd ideally prefer to have a loop moulded in. That was I'm not adding anything myself with the potential of wrecking it, and all it would need it some string or thread through it. The best way to add a loop or hook is to make your own out of Sugru. Absolutely brilliant stuff. Google it. It'll stick to just about anything. Available in the UK and I think they just started a distribution to the U.S. But don't blame me if you do something to wreck your precious Zano! @Simon Chapple, thanks sorry forgot who I shared it with, but now I know. Will be on the forums later. @Creator Hi Ivan, I imagine this will now be talked about on the forum exclusively, but yes to having a screw in on the bottom of Zano, as we had previously elected for adding landing foam feet for water, we can figure out what attachment best fits (including sticky tape) later based on experimentation. Many thanks for your amazing responsiveness all the way through, you really made this Kickstarter work and it must have taken many hours out of your day. For now bye from here! @creator: It feels weird, by the time I get home from work tonight and will check this page, the timer will be gone and the project will be closed. What am I going to do, the join of seeing the number of people who pledge and the amount of money will no longer increase every time I login. To think I started here when it was still under 200K and the comments were still under 100 I think. What a wonderful experience. Time to make the forum my daily place for fresh Zano news :) Can't wait for new video's about the making of Zano, new footage, updates on the creation and production process. I can only imagine the general feeling at Torquing. I think I'll by a bottle of Cava to celebrate the end of the KS campaign and being a part of it. Yes, any excuse for bubbles is a good excuse :) Cheers to all participants. @Ivan : Thanks for clarifying & best of luck for finallising the PCB. @all : I'm hanging around to see the end of this fantastic KS! It's been a great so far... For any new backers here is a link to the FAQ on the Zano Wiki: <url>#winwin @Paul You're right of course, that is the easiest way to do it, and if @Ivan cannot have one moulded in then I'm sure I'll end up doing that at some point. However if @Ivan can have it included as part of the design it would save weight as you would just need to loop some thread (or material of choice through it) and therefore save on some weight, and if we are talking payload every gram is important! @Simon It is isn't it! I'm just about managing to keep on top of it and as mentioned in a slightly early post I'm a bit compulsive about it! @ Peter, @ Special. I think because of the limit to what ZANO could carry, it would be very easy to just add your own DIY hook if you wanted to. I am thinking heavy duty Velcro pads, one on the ZANO, one on your hook. The hook could even be cardboard, or a hook for a curtain etc. Goodmorning all, it seems the comment section is alive and buzzing again. Just caught up with reading it all since last night. Now to see for some additional items to pledge for. :) I've just done a quick test of principal and a 1cm square of double sided tape can support a 1kg mass (possibly more but I ran out of masses) that should cover a 20g-30g mass being moved at a moderate speed. So if you were to tape on a hook/loop it could be attached only for when it was needed and removed for general flight. @SC @Matt @Peter @Creator - getting difficult to track commentary here and on the forum. Yes indeed need an attachable hook for Zano to move lightweight objects around for education applications, and for that bag of crisps waiter mentioned way way back ;) @Special Yes fair point, its a complicated matter that I am definitely not qualified to answer hah, will involve all sorts of complicated physics. I do however still think the best option would if the loop could be placed as centrally as possible, and that having a recessed one seems most feasible. However this is all a moot point until @Ivan says whether it's achievable or not - I sincerely hope it is. I would love to construct a lightweight platform for biscuit delivery :D Any chance of making the t shirts available on your website to kickstarter backers only after the campaign ends. I really can't justify pledging anymore at this time. @peter - yes, I take your point, however, as the Zano will be at angle when moving forward it might not have so much effect in flight, especially if it were kept small (it's not like we'd want much weight on it) @All The Zano Wiki (<url>"things can be attached" - a thread, a tether, etc... Key application that springs to mind (based on Peter's forum thread about Education) is it's application in that setting. @aziz yes, so the extended batterie is 2.50£ more than the normal batterie!!! so my question is if i can pay 5£ more and get the extended instead of rhe the normal batteries? @All On the forum my handle is "Tagamet". (long story) @Peter Simon re shipping venue: In one of the videos they interviewed some of the local folks that would be mfg the zanos with the emphasis being that they were not going to outsource it to China (thus keeping the jobs in Wales) Dennis have a quick look at update 13 extra battery starts at £5 upto £7.50 for extended battery life. @Larry Hmmm not sure I've done myself any favours with that post, may make me seem a little inZano... I'm a normal well blaanced person, honest ;) @Peter You'er welcome @Dennis This is yet to be confirmed but I don't think so due to changes to the weight. Please read down a couple of comments for an explanation on what is meant by this (UAV weight in relation to laws), and if you need any more help head over to the forum: <url>£ and get 2 extended flight time batteries instead of the stansard batteries? @Peter thanks for that reply @Aziz Writing "Peter" and "Normal" in the same phrase is a bit unsettling... @Peter If this is our first KS, why are you so much more knowledgeable (erk, another unsettling). Is there a KS for Dummies book out there I should buy? @Creator thanks for getting that sorted so quickly! @ Peter Mulholland: thanks - my fault. Thought I'd get a 3rd battery and 2 sets of props. Hopefully won't ever have to use them but better safe than sorry! @Peter, yep you are correct there, one thing not done on this campaign and done on others is a closed comments page. I really welcome that there is no backer only area as it has promoted honesty. @creator thanks for fixing the forum, this should be my cue to register. I have backed a few now and this by miles the best run campaign on kickstarter that I have been involved in. Only one other for the Pebble Steel sticks out as being equally well run. It is down to the commitment and communication of the creator. Hi John, I might be wrong, but I think he was talking about the standard battery that comes with it, and not about the separate pledge for extended battery. Again apologies if Ian wrong on that Peter, that's correct. Anyway, just added £5 to my pledge for upgrade the spare battery to extended flight time battery and a spare set of propellers. I've been away for a few days and can not believe how pledges have soared past the £2m mark in such little time. Congratulations! I've upped my pledge to include a few extras. I just keep having ideas for new uses and even though I have absolutely no experience with UAV's I can't wait to get my hands on Zano. I don't get excited about much but Zano is so innovative. @Creator thanks for fixing that so quickly! @Aziz @Larry Ahahahahahah yeah as if! I will still be on here answering questions where I can, on the forum doing the same and seeing what I can do with the Wiki. As a real answer the page changes to 'Successfully Funded' and obviously no one can add more pledges, however the team can still (and will) add more Updates about the production process, and the comments section will be on going. The team will let people know about being beta testers, and eventually send out the survey to find out shipping addresses and additional items pledged for etc. (This is my first KS so I might be totally wrong, but that's an educated guess) Aziz, the creator left a comment about an hour ago about the extended flight time battery and the weight problem. Pete. : ) Larry on a serious note. They will eventually send out a survey via email to confirm details and also addons ect. But this will remain open for comment and also for updates. @Aziz Definitely some competition if a red LE comes up. I've got a White LE so will satisfy myself with that, plus it gives the best excuse to buy another Zano in the future @John - in the UK, apparently if the UAV is under 60g then it is subject to less stringent controls (as it's unlikely to hurt anyone), so there is a lot of work being done by Torquing to ensure the product meets this specification. At this point in time, until the production units are produced and all the components finalised it's impossible for them to say if the extended battery will push the unit over the 60g. The batteries included are expected to provide about 10-15 minutes flying time, and the extended batteries will provide more - I think Ivan put the estimate about 20-25 minutes or so, but remember you are backing a Kickstarter - so we'll just not really know until later in the project. Also, the weather and the complexity of your manuouvers (can never spell that word) will all have an effect. Larry, Peter could get back to his normal job. Lol @The All Knowing: Since this is my first rodeo at KS, what's the drill after it's closed? John, what battery problem mate? @Aziz those red LE's seemed to have jumped into the lead for popularity. I'm getting one of those, a GITD LE, and of course the GITD one that I'll win. Very cool. (g) FE, I think it's custom made, but I may be corrected. Peter S. I think the guys said they will take hit for the VAT and will not pass it on to its backers. I experienced a lot of broken propellers with other quadcopters (my faults). That's why I will adding four additional sets. £2.50 per set seems reasonable and it would be really annoying to have to wait for them when you need new ones. And there would be additional shipping costs. Does anyone know if these propellers are "standard"? Could you get similar ones in stores? I hope the HPC will handle traffic better than the forum. ;) Just being a little flaky this morning it seems... Anyone can clarify the battery and the extended flight time battery problem? @Peter You are correct, however it has been confirmed Zano is shipping from Wales. This was mentioned previously in the topics, hence my answer @Peter, Lol, Assimilation is complete @Peter it looked like fun until it crashed the site! (g). Has the roiling current of suspicion from last night, er, this morning, AKK! a while ago, continued? @Peter Mulholland: Just because they are located in the UK doesnt mean they have to ship from there. Backed some other projects from UK and the stuff was sent from China because it was assembled there. Leading to about 25% extra costs due to VAT/TAX. Lol Larry, Peter and I just trying to help the mass by raising quick question on the forum for quick answer for all concerned as we we have less then 5 hours. : ) I'm still unsuccessful for the Red Nano lol : ( @Larry No its definitely down, we must have managed to overload it! @Matt T I just CAME from the forum site and unless it was I that crashed it, it seemed to be working just fine. SHRUG @Larry Hah no no, was just trying to be helpful @Peter Mulholland Sounds like collusion to me (lol) (directing everyone to the wiki/forums) @Creator Don't worry no need to apologise! We're all just so keen Looks like the forum has crashed I cant access it either @Aziz Superb that everyone is so keen on it! Peter lol, the forum is so popular it has crashed! Sign of popularity! : ) @Creator - can you confirm whether:- 1. The additional battery that comes with each Zano will be a standard battery or an extended one. 2. If the spare is a standard one can we pledge the difference between the 2 (£2.50) to upgrade to extended. I understand the reason as to why at least one battery must be standard for weight reasons. @Marco You are correct, that will be to gain delivery details as well as confirming what items your extra pledge money is for @Creator Looks like the forum has gone down Ivan (too much load?) - I can't access it any more either. Hope it didn't lose my most recent post... I'm getting an error 500 trying to access the forum... Marco please check update 13 I always understood that there will be a post-campagne survey regarding additional items (incl. increasing the pledge) - or am I wrong? Hi Tyler included is a USB connector as a standard with all Zano pledge. However with some packages you get a Zano fuel included. You can also purchase that as a add on. @Special I retract my early statement, it is being a little buggy, possibly just a lot of people trying to access it? @Creator/@Ivan : Up'ed my pledge to cover 2 extended batteries & a polo shirt :-) If I understand it correctly, the increased pledge to cover add-ons will be highlighted in the post questionnaire? @Everyone Zano is going to finish as all time 3rd most funded and 10th most funded projects in kickstarter @Aziz good work friend, lets direct as many people to the wiki and forum as possible @Tyler Yes there is an included USB charger Hi JT Really good question, I'm sure the creators will answer. You might want to also ask that question on the forum might get your answer quicker. <url>¬(( Updated plege by 50£ 10 for each Zano I ordered :-) - so if the weight is getting too high could be 2 standard extra - if weight is fine its the standard ones upgraded and one standard or some probs or or or...its all about choices @Tuxzek Hah @Peter Simon The company is based in Wales so it will ship from there @creator, Ivan, just read your daily comment, fully appreciate keeping on top of the tsunami of comments, I dip in and out so feel it too, and got to say on this final day your morning post couldn't have been better. Really well thought out, well communicated and deserves every credit. Thank you Zano team and community. It is a privilege to be part of this. Hi, from where will you ship your product? Will it be from the UK? Otherwise european backers have to pay additional import TAX/VAT. Hey Mark. Good morning @aziz LOL! @Bernard, These are the drones you are after. Use the force and cave in ;) I also wanted the LE Edition Red, but still have the super early bird in Black. I pledged the Red LE edition by mistake on my wife's KickStarter account! And guess what? Yes when she logged in she cancelled my pledge! : ( And now I am playing hide and seek with its availability! Resistance is futile ....... help!! @Aziz Yes I do, that was one of the main reasons for getting the LE Red (besides the cool colour). I came along too late to get one of the original LE Black/White with the fuel and think its a great idea. With 4 batteries (2 that come with the Zano + 2 spare I've ordered) I should be able to keep the Zano in the air for a while rotating them through flying and charging on the ZanoFuel Bernard I think £149. @Bernard Do it! @John Scroll up on the main page to where it shows your pledge. Click Manage Pledge, then increase the amount to include what you want. Don't change reward level or anything else, just increase the total amount to include the extras you want. <url>£ - would be great Just been through the 'Hello' topic on the forum, amazing to see such a wide variety of nationalities, locations, professions and ages! Really interesting! <url>£15 to my pledge for 2 spare batteries and 2 sets of props (going for one white and one black - think they'll contrast nicely with my LE Red) - great value! Guys ignore the negative comments that have no benefit to this course! Be true to yourself and your backers, and you won't have anything to worry about. As you can see, we All are trying our best to keep you guys energised on the comments section and also be part of the Zano family. All say great to meet some great people here and would love to meet up if anyone in UK. Zanoooooo on Back in to work and now begins the slog of working through the comments and forum posts I missed overnight. I'm going to do some work on the Wiki today and hopefully get some sections up that will answer most of peoples questions How to buy the add-ons along the reward? @garvani or scroll through the spreadsheet :) Can't wait for this to come out! :) Trying to resist pledging for the spare LE red Kristoffer.. ummm thats generally what a case does. theres talk of extra addons later for the case, to be able to charge zano, solar panels etc etc.. but the case supplied, is just a case Does that mean that the case we are getting here does not have any other features than protecting the Zano? IMHO it will not be possible to reach £ 2500000. Mi prediction is £ 2305768 :-) a lot of these questions have been asked several times, someone needs to create a more thorough FAQ on the forums :) Space x zanofuel charger and they r looking into creating a case to charge ZANO wirelessly or something Is there any special features in the case? Like a charge-pad? @creator £2.250.000 .........S P O I L E R S !! ^_^ @creator many k's projects allow items / funds to be added during the pledge manager / survey. Do you have plans to do the same? @nikola About 30% About 30% About 30% Or about 5-10 minutes extra flight time @Ben Thank you! I will do so. @Thanos, you need to increase your pledge amount before the project ends. I asked that few hour ago but didnt get any answers , so I might get lucky this time.......so for the extra props and batteries I have to increase my pledge now or can I do it later, before delivery? Anyone know by how much the extended battery is better than the default Anyone know by how much the extended battery is better than the default Anyone know by how much the extended battery is better than the default Is it possible for voice effects on zano's microphone? Imagine the fun kids, okay and dads, could have making their voice sound all robotic... @John Good ... Thanks for the link ... Vote for zano for best of CES Award...<url>£25 but the £15 price that they have now was a mistake (a typo)but they are honoring the £15 for now for kickstarter backers .. But its the same case. They only difference in the case are the limited edition ones which you cant get unless you pledged for a limited edition zano .. But they all will hold the same amount. 2 x Zano could communicate to one another via LED patterns.. Eg. left arrow signal Is read by another Zano & it moves left etc.. Is this even possible ? Q. Edit LED patterns : is it possible via the App & sent via blue tooth to Zano ? @AngusCNH thanks for the clarification, I wonder what happens if both functions are disabled? @creator if a waypoint isn't set and the Zano has been told not to come back to the last known point how will it react? Or will there be a fail safe in which one or the other must be chosen? @Anakin that's a question for @creator you may want to repost and tag him or post in the forum that was recently created, I believe some conversation around that has begun already. @creator, for those who pledge for a white or black Zano under reward 139 or 154, can we change it to a red Zano? I understand that if red Zano has insufficient stocks, those who have increased the pledge amount by 189 for a LE are given an option to change to other color offer by the creator. But for those pledge under 139 or 154, do we have this option or we have to take the white or black zano as per our pledge? @saitoma2015 if I am not mistaken the noise comes from the propellers, at least when operating a helicopter it does and I assume it is a similar interaction but on a much smaller scale. The Zano is very quiet though at a 1m distance the noise produced is equivalent to a whispered conversation. @Robert , I remember that Ivan said that there's a safety return function which can be disable manually (On as default) , if not disable this function , just do same as you've mention. Oh! Thanks Robert. @salr it has been previously stated that the device will fly to the last known point your phone was at or a waypoint (safe location) you have previously chosen. The waypoint function is for use when using the Zano near water or any thing that might harm your drone or phone. Thank you robert @bjbarsted I am pretty sure the price after the Zano is available in stores is listed at the bottom of the individual backer pledges beside the rrp heading. If I am right it stands for regular retail price and the first option is 169£ I'd like to repeat: Vote Zano for the best of CES award: <url>£. I thought the case was always 25£? Is there a difference between the case mentioned in the update and the one mentioned in the pledges? Has there been any mention of the price per unit once they go for sale publicly? 9hours to go ,seems impossible to reach 2.5m GBP, but hope can over2.3m :) I haven't seen zano on the snapchat storyline from CES there is heaps of other companies been shown am keeping an eye out though May I know if the noise come from the motor or the propellers? @roger, it was all part of the update 13, check that out @Jeff McCabe, yes but that is my question how much are batteries,props??? im #2133 and if posted I didn't see them. @ Toms, the spare propellers are just in case you damage or lose one during operation. Nothing special about the colors other than they coordinate with different versions of the Zano. The ZanoFuel is just a recharging pack that will allow you to charge the standard Zano battery a few times. @ Roger Maki, yes, just add the amount that is needed for the number of batteries you would like. There is no need to add extra for shipping. That is already covered by what you are paying to ship the Zano. I am a newbie to the drones, would you please explain the difference and functions for the spare parts mentioned? - Spare set of black, white or red propellers - Spare set of GITD propellers - Non LE ZanoFuel Your modular design is exciting! So as your team growing and glowing ideas on the platform! Thanks! I understand that this has been asked quite a few times here, but I would like to repeat still 'can you please upload some raw video footage taken by zano?'. Thank you! @Mike Reid, it's good to be retired! : ) something to do! But is the amount 31 pounds for 2? @Roger Maki I guess if I had your money I would! Jk, but if I can just upgrade why not! hey what are the extended batteries price? 7.50 pounds ea and is shipping included with your order? 9 hrs left just add the amount then? @Mark S, thanks found what I was looking for, "To upgrade to a 650mAh or the super big one that I have yet to confirm, you will be able to do this anytime before we ship using the survey at the end of this campaign" @ CanadianCoffee, I totally agree. @ Robert Sue, Yes, only 10 hours to go. @Mark S: Thanks. I better get onto it. @ Robert Sue, all pledges must be made before the funding deadline. A survey will be sent out after conclusion of campaign to determine what additional items the extra funds are pledged towards. 610 comments yesterday - incredible Can I manage my pledge after the funding deadline or it needs to be managed prior? Oh, and really I just tried to secure the LE's directly with multiple pledges and extra shipping charges to make sure @Ivan and @Reece get to keep a few of the extra ones they ordered for themselves. They really do deserve them!! ;) @ Mike Reid, I don't think that they are offering an upgade for the standard batteries that come with the Zano. You must pledge for the extended batteries in addition to the Zano pledge. Here is the link to a searchable xls spreadsheet for the 1st 4000 comments if you want to look: >4000 comments! wanna search ... <url>… Previously, I had just increased my single pledge under one account for all 4 Zanos, as most people have done for multiples, but figured it would be safer to grab a specific one under each category. Here's a tip for those looking to get multiple LE's (since they seem to come up every so often in these final hours). Finally managed to get the quad LE (Red, Black, White, and GITD limited editions!). I set up two different Kickstarter accounts under my own name (two different emails) for the White and GITD (lots of LE left so no worries there) under one account, Red LE under the other (since it was so popular, wanted to secure one of them), and finally just snagged the ever elusive Black LE by using the wife's Kickstarter account. Guess I should tell her about that??? Had to pledge extra £10 shipping on each of those additional accounts, but I view that as a premium to guarantee I'll get the LE's. @Jonathan-Thanks for the info :) @Robert, it's possible to get more Zano , as what you had done, just increase ur pledge and inform them when they sent out the survey . :D I originally pledged £154 but if I managed my pledge to £308 for 2 Zanos. Is this possible or increasing pledge is mainly for add-ons? @Creator, extra battery's are 5.00 each, extended battery's are 7.50 each, so if I just wanted to upgrade the two battery's that come with my Zano can I just increase my pledge by 2 x 2.50 ( difference between the prices ) to get 2 extended range battery's with my pledge? Wooo! Just updated my pledge an additional £30 to get 2 extended flight batteries and a case! Awesome additions and we'll worth the money! I may have missed this but how much longer does the extended battery life enable the ZANO to stay in the air? Thanks! @Byron: thanks! The comment thread is so long I must have missed it. @stephan they have mentioned a few times the ability to take panoramas and time lapse photos will be present I am not sure if anyone brought this up... But what is the field of vision going to be like? Also, any possibility of panorama pictures? GITD - Glow In The Dark LE - Limited Edition @matthew Let's try not to destroy it before I even get it loooooool Can you explain what the GITD propellers are and what the Non LE Fuel means? Can you explain what the GITD propellers are and what the Non LE Fuel means? Steve Breault's sounds interesting. I would love to have a quieter Zano too. :-) Maybe creator can come out with decorating stickers for our Zano too. here's something i just thought up... what would it take to make a stealth version of Zano? Have noise cancellation to make it fly without the motor humming. The type our (secret) U.S. Blackhawk helicopters use! People have tried with vacuum cleaners i think. @Sheri E Stefano Bellelli ivan said he would look into cost of conformal coating all the zano's(making them waterproof). As for doing it your self. The only issues would be anything with removable parts(usb, uSD) and sensors. if you stick a uSD card and usb cable in while you do it there shouldn't be a problem on the main board. not sure what the sonar system would think of it though. @Garvani | SoSR 3.93 Most excellent! Thank you! #825 @Garvani, Thanks for the info. <url>£164 early bird standard, to £139 super early bird, to £154 super early bird all within a few hours today (so yes ive saved a massive £10 lol). Just keep refreshing that pledge page and you will be surprised at what options pops up. @creator Thinking about waterproof ZANO (well...rain proof) . Do you think that using one of those water resistant compost sprays could work on ZANO? Could it be done without damaging vital parts? all the propellers are interchangeable, purchase whatever colour you like. @creator, May I buy the "Spare set of black, white or red propellers" to use in the my GLID zano? And BTW, what is the estimated lifetime (MTBF) of the motors of zano? @larry. 7 hours ago <url>#comment-8690406 I know it's too late now, but when was the last time that Creator checked in? #825 @creator Thank u so much! Pledge increased to get a second ZANO +2 shells, 2 spare bigger batteries and a set of GITD Propellers (at least I ll partially see my standard ZANO ^_^) Nixie doesn't even exist essentially . I think it's a little premature to do any comparison Compare to Nixie, which one is better? @greg Just curious, but are you a backer? I was away for most of the day so I guess I missed your posts. #825 Just voted for Zano, CES 2015 best of show. With over 11500 backers we could swing this! <url>£31 for 2 Extend fight time battery and 2 set of GITD propellers and i wonder where i can make the selection. FYI - Local news/show (Toronto, Ontario, Canada) mentioned Zano on 'future tech toys' coming out soon. A friend of mine, who is also a Zano backer, just told me about it. I believe that could be done with the swarming... May be silly idea: Could shell be fitted out to fasten two zanos together with a rod and software implemented so they fly in tandem with one controlling and the other as a slave, possibly even link together 3, 4 or more zanos in a circle, to carry a heavier payload in the middle... or maybe stack 'em? @Larry: Such is the nature of the beast. :) Be well. @timZ Thanks. I'm sick but I couldn't resist getting my 2 cents in (lol) Backer 4147 here! :3 so excited! #3851 sorry I've been so late :/ For the extra props and batteries I have to increase my pledge now or can I do it later, before delivery? (sorry if this was asked before) Backer 9606 reporting in! thanks Joakim and tim We're down to 14 hours... but still no raw video footage? @Garvani go to Backer History in the 'me' drop down menu at the top of the page, then press the little info bubble or whatever it is at the end of the Zano bar! XD sketchy description but hopefully helpful! @Garvani: To get your backer number - Go to your 'Account' and choose 'Backer History'. On the right side you will see a blue +. Click that and it will show you your number. Hope that helps. Hey Larry, welcome back. Hope you are feeling a little better already. And +1 on what you said. :) so i recently moved from a standard edition to a first edition.. i would be well into the 10,000+ backer.. however now belonging to the first edition i suspect ive just done a massive queue jump? also how do you tell your backer number? Hello, it has been fun to watch this project grow over the last few weeks. I'm sticking with my Black LE, but I hope I win the GITD one in the beta test draw. I wish I could visit CES but a friend of mine is there and I told him to stop by and say hi. Can't wait to get my Zano. @anyone interested. There's absolutely nothing wrong about wanting transparency, ESPECIALLY on the internet. On the one hand, the Creator of this campaign has blazed new trails in the amount of contact and information they have evidenced. On the other-hand, they are asking us to trust them. I'm a retired shrink with 34 years in the trenches before medical issues knocked me outta the game. If we cut through all the "on the other hands", either zano is a hideously clever scam run by complete sociopaths or it's a really neat piece of technology. I wouldn't pretend to know for sure which way this will play out. Money is always tight, I'm on a fixed income, and as I said, my medical bills have been off the charts. Personally, as a child of the 60s, money has never been the most important thing to me. And I do believe in Karma. So for me, the bottom line is that I've got an order for two LE First Editions that I'm expecting to arrive in June. Be well, LJG. sorry i must have missed this, what do you mean by "30% increase in the final motor power". have they increased the motor since original design? @sacm rumours Shooting Fish Trailer: hahaha <url>#1403 out. @Joakim: I understand your point. And I'm mostly suspicious about these things aswell. In all honesty we all are taking a plunge in the unknown since it's features have not been directly shown to work. But the Zano Team is making good work in gaining our trust. So let's go with the flow. Well.. that's my feeling. :) there's still a 139 spot black available I am still in doubt if I should change my Red back to a Camo (as I had that one originally). I like that it's a real limited edition color. But I'm no military minded guy. Though it's cool! Must... decide.. @Joakim im generally interested in these comments, just want to read what they are saying so if you can post some links that would be awesome I've been on a few message boards and online tech chats and some people think it's a scam. I personally don't, since I've pledged myself and can't wait to get mine! A lot of people have had terrible experiences on this site and I just wanted to ask the creator of one of the largest technology projects ever on Kickstarter what his thoughts are regarding this. :) I'm not out to cause any trouble, I assure you! @TimZ46 ... not exactly ... but now that I'm still here ... why not! @Garvani ... congrats! yusss thanks Mark Pender, i snapped up your £139 black and saved a tenner :D Just added 2.50£ to my pledge to get a spare set of props, given the choice, I'd like a red set to go with my matte black Zano....sweet (which will match my Black Devil Overlord). Sneaky Mark! That's your reward for staying up late (I think). :) @Ivan kindly consider option for range extender before shipping, when the campaign ends. It'll make things easier for international backers like me to get it. I was expecting it in addon list. And any updates on the tiltable camera? lol ... that's the one I was aiming for. so .. there's a £139 spot (black) available and I took that LE Red spot. @Joakim Stenbäck. Post some links up of these rumors @Joakim: May I ask where these rumours originate from? there isnt a release timetable.. ivan mentioned "Our project plan allows for the first 15,000 Zano’s to built within 4 weeks. Considering the logistics of shipping pallets of Zanos all over the world. Once we start production, all Zano’s will be built and dispatched very quickly. " @Canadian: Yep, one available. There's a Red available... Voted for the Zano at Engadget. Hope they win! :) @Creator Ivan, there are a lot of rumors going around that the Zanos are "technologically impossible" and that since there hasn't been much video or pictures other than the ones provided at the start of the campaign it's being called a scam. What are your thoughts on this? Just saw that a Red LE opened up. 4 extended batteries for me, I'll be in the air all day lol. Matt C, all I need is your Hexacharger now What are the estimated release dates for super, early and standard? I must have missed it. Ditto, increased as well: 2 extended batteries and a GITD set of propellers for by Red LE :-) grabbed a super early bird spot! in black ... see if I can change that to white. If I could offer some constructive feedback, the primary purpose of this device is to take video and photo's so the camera should be one of the top considerations for upgrades if at all possible. I love the functionality, but if the camera doesn't take better pictures than say a $99 quad, we are only gaining a better way to take grainy pictures. Hopefully frame rates, low light, aperture, etc will be considered. I love little quads, but the video quality is usually hard to watch. Thanks for the consideration and good luck! Also increased! 2 extended batteries, 2 normal props and 1 GITD prop set for my camo Zano! :) Increased pledge - gonna get some red propellers for my white Zano My buddy, Dave, at CES (manning iRobot booth) took this video of Reece for my daughter, Megan. You should have heard her scream when she saw it. You would think Reece was Justin Bieber or something!! Thanks so much @Reece!! That was awesome! :) <url>£189. If anyone is interested. Not mine BTW @Brendan Piper - Welcome. You're just in time this project has less than 15 hours to run. @Bruno - solar panels would be too heavy for Zano to lift. @Dom - yes. >4000 comments! wanna search ... <url>"Regarding us not flying Zano at CES. Yes, good question and I am happy to explain. We are perfectionists and if we do a demo that goes wrong, we will never live it down so we would rather not do a demo. We have solid prototypes that work beautifully when we are operating them. Zano also runs on 2.4GHz and in EVERY trade show I have ever been too. 802.11b/g/n on 2.4G is so cluttered it is useless. On top of that, the risk to our intellectual property is huge. The prototypes do not have the Zano OS fully secured and as such, it is easy to download. Until the production Zano OS is ready, the full code protection features can not be enabled. Imagine if we sent a fully live prototype and it got lost/stolen? Everything we have worked so hard on could be gone in an instant. Our reputation is at risk if we do a bad demo, our business is at risk if we loose a live prototype. I keep those in a safe at the office and they are signed out and back in be me :-) Does that make sense?" Just found out about this today so incredibly excited about it. @Byron yes there will be room, but I think it the standard case there won't be as much storage space as the clam shells. @shane. No flying at ces, theres suppose to be some more videos released today @zano is there enough room in the LE cases to carry spare batteries / parts etc? You mentioned that a charging dock may be an addon later, but will the case have the ability to charge the spare batteries whilst zano is airborne? @Creator Thanks for the price list, I am going to increase my pledge to cover two etf batteries and a set of gitd propellers. As soon as I saw gitd propellers I thought the same thing as @Mark T... I'm putting those on my camo zano!!! Sure wish we had some more vids of this in action. Aren't they flying at CES? @Ben I've upped my pledge so that I can get the GITD propellars, can wait. @All I've started a thread on the forum about using GITD propellers for other Zano's. Could be a good thread to talk about customisations. @Ben I totally agree with you about the propellers, I think had the creators mentioned about the extra GITD propellers it would of been easier for people to decide about the UV led. @Mark T - That sounds absolutley brilliant to me and thats what I intend to do, thats if someone drops out of LE red before the campaign ends! Having the option of getting glow in the dark props on any zano now highlights the benefit for having UV leds on all zanos regardless of it having a GITD shell or not What Doug said. Only one Zano hardware version. (One Zano to rule them all...) @All I've been thinking about buying a set of GITD propellers and using them on my LE Red, I reckon it would look pretty cool just the propellers glowing.... @creators would that work? @Garvani - all Zanos will get UV leds. They can be separately switched on or off. @Punga That hasnt been made clear yet, not sure if all zanos get the UV leds or just the GITD LE edition, would suspect just the gitd edition @All I've started the tread on the Zano forum regarding batteries etc.... So we can discuss it on there. Yes @Punga the batteries are high density rechargeable lipo not same as AA at all So "Spare set of GITD propellers" will even work using an non-GITD ZANO? @Jon Sternoff - because that was the original reward and once a reward has a pledge against it it cannot be changed KS rules). However in update #1 (or #2) the creators committed to supplying 2 x batteries and 2 x prop sets for each and every Zano. That is what you will get. Zano has uv leds as well, these can be turned on to charge the GITD parts How will those "Spare set of GITD propellers" work? Are they lightened by LED all the time or are they just from fluorescent material that needs a light source to load up and just glows for a short time? @Jon all zano's come with 2 batteries and 2 sets of props. this was decided after the initial campaign started and is reflected in the red LE (as stated you can't alter the description) @jon Sternoff - All of the Zanos come with two batteries and two sets of props.That pledge level was added later in the campaign when the team had decided to give backers the extras. @Sinan Hah good shout. Could be an AR app in that idea? Zano's having battles with lightsabers, colour of your Zano chooses if you are Jedi or Sith! @J J - therein lies a problem but the creators have said that they will sort it out as airly as possible. Their hands are tied by the way kickstarter works. You wont be able to get any of the Sold out ones, they come up every now and then if your quick. You can add any extra non sold out items through increasing your pledge @Jogger Then pledge the total amount + shipping 10 £ Quick question...why does the limited edition black version (189) come with 1 battery and 1 set of propellers, while the limited edition red version (189) come with 2 batteries and 2 sets of propellers? They are the same price and the red one came later. I know owners can't go back and alter levels after folks sign up for them, so I'm wondering if the black one is still just 1 batter and 1 propeller set or same as red. If it hasn't changed to match, it's kind of a downer for early contributors. @Jogger Joel - as @Garvani says, just calculate what the extra packages will cost and add that to your original pledge total (but do not include any further delivery charge). ok got it :), but how does that work when a pledge is 'sold' out? Following on from @ben - if a LE water resistant model is offered I would be curious to know what is required to make a standard zano water resistant. Basically could I buy a 'water resistant' shell later on or are more elements of zano susceptible to water Is a standard battery like AA or AAA used or some special ZANO format? But it's more than $5. Let's say I want to buy 4 x night glows @ Bryan Yes @bryan yes this is a key feature of zano Does Zano currently follow as you move. For example if I am riding a bike will it hold its position X meters from me the whole time? @Jogger. Goto manage pledge, add the extra $ for the items you want.. (you have to do this manually) at the end a survey will be sent out and you state what the extra $ is for Pledged of 2000£ in 10 minutes :) Thanks Mark T for doing that on the forum will join you guys in a bit! My new Beta friends lol ' Does that Help ' lol sounds like one of the creator, he says it all the time lol bless How can I state I want to buy 4 different packages, I can only select one; will you ask me later once I calculate and pay? I will start the thread on forum guys. @Zul you can't trade up the standard batteries that come as part of the pack. What you can do is up your pledge to include additional batteries to your pledge. For example if you want two extra batteries on top of what you already will receive, just add an extra £10 to your pledge then when you get the survey you can request the two additional batteries... Does that help? Ok Peter, good call. I will let Mark raise the question on the forum around the battery, lol ; ) Mark me and you thinking the same thing I think about the battery lol On the website ( <url>£ that is nearly £60. You can buy the batteries for £5 each... So for the hexacharger that's about £40. So the hexacharger is not a powerbank is it? It needs its own power source?? Or am I wrong? Mark T what type of charger mate? So can do a quick google, like I said I haven't got a clue how the battery looks. Cheers <10000 until 2.2M @Special Circumstances - I think you've done a brilliant job on the Wiki. Many thanks. @Aziz at some point yeah I think you will need more. I'm going to hold off to see if they add the higher capacity battery to the LE Zano as a goodwill gesture for it being 'limited edition' however at some point I will probs buy some more batteries, and just charge the Zano fuel stick with my other powerpack which I can keep in my pocket. Or if I can use my powerpack to charge battery directly I will. It's a 22000 capacity so I will probably be able to get about 9-10 full charges before battery depletes. @creators Hi there, Regarding the trading up of the default batteries bundled together with the ZANO to the higher capacity ones,how much more should I add to my pledge? I take it that the higher spec camera module is not ready yet,hence no price has been designated for that so we can just buy that later on,hopefully before ZANO ships:) I signed up earlier on for beta testing but received no confirmation email.How will I know if the system has recorded down my entry? Thank You Hilmi @Aziz Ahmed I think you missunderstand. Zano fuel is not a battery charger. It is a battery with usb output which you can plug into zano or hexacharger. Free update for life, great for us beta testers @garvani : thx for noise info. I had missed that Thanks Matt. If USB charge then might work for me. Because I bought a powerfull charger from Kickstarter called Mazzo for my iPhone 6+ so can use that to power the Zano fuel then charge battery! Sounds like a plan The total pledged amount just kleps rising. 2,2 M means top ten ever kickstarter $Mark T standard batteries listed. $10 to upgrade them all. Dimensions on site Mark that's my point then is it not better to have extra bettery for that price? That's more of a question to help me make my mind up @Matteh which capacity battery will it come with?? How big will the actual charger be? @Mark T actually zano fuel stick is usb power supply it can be plugged into hexacharger By the way I am buying batteries from torquing group. @Aziz that what the Zano fuel stick is for, you can charge spare Zano battery whilst Zano is in air. Only problem is you can only charge one battery at a time! @Aziz Ahmed beta testers do get updates for life @Aziz Ahmed hexacharger can be powered by included wall adapter or any usb 2 or usb 3 power supply. Matt to be honest not sure what bartery it is and if to pledge now or wait for yours? I went to your website and saw the picture but haven't a clue what battery it takes. And if the Zano is going to be out door I'm assuming the charger is also a power bank? I'm clueless at the moment. It will be great if all Beta testers can have update for life! : ) as it was mentioned all that applied will be beta testers so far. @henrik Thanks, found them! @Mark T good news is since I work for free I can make 100 myself for $60 each and reduce minimum order to only $6000. I can't mass produce until $40000 though so may not make it to flyzano.com @Larry J. Geguzis wish I could watch. Probably working outside tomorrow. Ok got my extended battery ! 20-25min flight time sounds good to me! I really hope we get everything mentioned here :) Greetings from PUERTO RICO! @Matthew I know and I hope it does well for you, I just hope people can see past the cost and pledge for it for the Zano... But it will still be a niche market @Matt @Peter Coming down with the flu all day. Might be forced to sleep some. Gotta be fresh for the big countdown. Hang in there. @BonanzaNLD yep Ben pointed that out earlier, I made my vote team Zano!! Wow - don't know whether it got already mentioned: Zano is on the financial part of USA today...mentioned among GoPro and the other big ones...well they probably realize what is coming :-) wish you guys that same success and glad to be part of it @Mark T I really wish I could make cheaper. I work for free so the only costs are material costs. @creator Engadget is asking for votes on the best gadget at CES... Guess who's on the list? Cast your votes now! <url>£40 and you can charge 2 things at a time!! @Jamie Leeming hexacharger went usb 3 for higher current options. It is backwards compatible with usb 2. Zano is usb 2 Is the port USB2 or USB3? @Mark T hexacharger was designed with zano in mind bit it will charge any single cell lipo. Good lipo chargers are expensive. I am making as cheap as possible without cutting corners. Also do you have a picture of the type of battery it takes, just wondering how I can charge it if I don't have a ' nano fuel ' or is that something we diffo need to charge? Thanks guys @Mark yes Matthew is a smart salesman :). Sorry should have said $90 with 4 batteries. @Mark no $60 is without batteries, $90 to include 4 batteries. see: <url>"Torquing Group Ltd". A new page opens. Click "Torquing Group Ltd" again. Now you can click "Comments" to view their comments. It is very useful. Oakbanktech.com $60 without. $90 with. Hexacharger is precision charger with all possible thermal and electrical safeties. Does that include batteries?? Added an extended flight battery to my pledge! :) Quick question, the Zano fuel how does that work regarding charging, how long does it charge for and what is its main funtuality, is it not better to have a spare battery? How many charges will it give? And the extended battery life how does it compare with the normal battery? Missed another red LE, seriously! I'm never going out again ever @creators A couple of questions: Just wondering if the battery charging adapter comes along with the Zano? What would be the difference between the "Non LE ZanoFuel" add-on and a regular power stick? I bought two Zano's - one for me and a friend, can we both sign up under my name (or a separate one for him) for Beta-testing? Amazing amount of feedback has been left and I know you guys will put out a first class product, even if there's production delays (which I've come to expect from Kickstarter projects) - I'm all for waiting a few extra months for a superior product as opposed to meeting deadlines with an inferior output! Good luck and hope you're enjoying Vegas (its hard not to - remember to double-down on a pair of 10's!!) @Sheri that has been sorted yet, I wouldn't of thought they would be that expensive though, probs a couple of quid depending on the download! @mark $60 :) @matthew wow thats a fast spinoff.....:) The Zano video I'd like to see: Zano following and tracking at a programmed distance while avoiding obstacles on all sides including overhead. @creator I'm not sure it has been asked before buuuuuut: What would be the average price of updates after the first 12 months? @Matthew how much will the hexacharger cost again out of curiosity? @James how did you find out what backer number you are. This brings up another question on distribution, how will they be dished out? purely on backer number? theres only 1500 in the first lot. @Simon Rishton leaded solder is ilegal in a lot of the world. If done properly lead free will last a long time still. @ben Ah thanks no didn't see that. I want somehow to be able to search through all the kickstarter comments of one project, or see a list of all creator comments but can't find how :) Any chance backer #7904 is at the start of the queue! I wish, so excited about this project! Props to the teams as well, i have never seen a comments section used / answered so well & quickly :) Glad to see lots of people buying extra batteries. Hopefully that means they will also get hexacharger( oakbanktech.com ) so they can charge them all at once. I must say the main page of the Zano Wiki (<url>£10 for 2 is a steal @David No email, When you clicked 'Submit' it would've taken you to a 'Thank you for your application' page @ThomasDN What have we done??? ...and soon "Torquing Group Ltd" becomes "Cyberdyne systems", and "Zano" will become "T-4 Aerial". @schaep did you see Ivan's comment earlier about a possible water resistant LE version in aqua blue? Sounds pretty cool. @Mark I think he has a Zeppelin controlled by 2 or 4 Zanos (for heavy lifting and extended flight time) :) Yes also would like my zano to be waterproof. If that could be the new 2.5M stretch goal for pledges on flyzano.com you'd probably win over more people :). And maybe you could incorporate a lightweight small variant of flutter wireless for longer range comm: <url>"thanks for submitting screen, you are accepted (at this point) @Roger If you got the "Thanks for submitting page, your fine and dandy. @Ben I happen to know the whereabouts of a shining Red LE Zano. EBAY is starting to look good..... (NOT). WOW 18 hrs to go and pushing 2.2! The Creators have GOT to be turning cartwheels. I hope that the rumor of their opening a shop in Bimini are untrue.. (JUST KIDDING!) So all along I have said I wanted a red ZANO and I have left my pledge on black thinking that I would get my hands on one quicker! So anyway i will be keeping my eyes open for a LE red to make an appearance on the rewards list. @Doug Conran I don't recall them ever mentioning one of "each" size. Did I miss something ? (gasp) @BEN I voted Chicago style (early and often) Thanks for posting that though. @Larry no probs. @Ben yes I've voted, I couldn't possibly say who I voted for though *GO ZANO* couldn't help myself!! :-) +1 on what BSR asked... slight impact on how fast the rotors will need to be spinning to maintain a hover? potential slight decrease in lifespan of the motors themselves? any change in time it takes for it to gain altitude? @Mark T thanks for scoping that out about the batteries. Seems like a good compromise to me (but I am totally biased) @BSR yes the extended battery is heavier, so increase battery capacity with 25% and your flighttime wil increase only with 20% or so. While the price of the extended battery is +50%. If you recharge your standard batteries on the go from another battery source like the zanoFuel than using multiple standard batteries would probably be more efficient. <url>"Thomas" here so I changed my backer name. Will that confuse the beta tester registration? @schaep: Thanks for the answer. I was blind ;-) @Creator, would gladly help moderate. for the time being i've updated <url>"Can I add money/pay a charge to change the two standard batteries that come with Zano, to the extended time ones, and if so how much?" Thanks @Creative You don't get an email. When you clicked 'Submit' it would've taken you to a 'Thank you for your application' page @Roger When you clicked 'Submit' it would've taken you to a 'Thank you for your application' page Via "manage Pledge" i can only Change my Pledge And not Add more Pledge ;( Just got info from Torquing Group extended time batteries will give 20-25 minutes. Going to pledge for 2 of them! How can I tell if my beta testing went through now? @Joerg Johann Mueller The camo version uses black propellers. @Creator - How long do the extended batteries last? Also by how much should we increase our contribution if we want both of the batteries that come with our kit to be the extended flight time batteries instead of the standard batteries? @ everyone about upgrading the default standard batteries probably upgrading current standard batteries to extended will be 2.50 pound each. So just pledge 5 pound extra for the 2 batteries if they don't offer that option on the survey you can always use it for an extra standard battery. @jph The extended flight time will probably 20-25% more since they are aiming for an 20-25% extended battery capacity. But the battery is heavier so it might be a little less. Considering the weight and costs (+50% compared to standard) it is probably more efficient to buy an extra standard battery then upgrading all your batteries to extended. Almost time, god speed and here's hoping it ships on time. @creator - I read your "AddOn-List" but didn't find any spare props for the Camo-Edition. You you also offer? would like to receive only extended flight time batteries. can we pay an upcharge for this Like Mark Nevar I would like to upgrade both included standard batteries to extended flight time batteries. How much would that be? @Andreas Yes. Click on manage. Keep the pledge you have selected but increase the amount to include what you want extra (i.e. add 5 for extra battery). There will be a survey after KS campaing finishes and then you will be asked what you want to use the extra money for @Sinzar, yes Ivan stated in his last update that they are working on noise cancellation. @creator - Does Zano suppress the noise of blades while filming ? There are digital alternatives for that ( knowing the frequecy and estimating the amplitude ) but I dont know whether you applied them Is it possible to add some add-on if I have already pledged? @Mark Never. That would be ideal, i would be keen on that too @Michael H. June, heck i wish i was getting mine in june! Im somewhere around the 10,000th zano so wont be seeing mine until much later than that lol @mark I agree May I suggest a £5 add-on that will upgrade the 2 included standard batteries to 2 extended flight time batteries? Thank you for getting the price list up! I just upped my pledge to get 4 ext. batts, 2 sets of props, and a t-shirt. It's going to be a looooonnnngggg wait until June!!! @Eirkur - thx @ivan Just a quick one as Rainer said could I pledge a bit more to get the 2 batteries that come with zano as extended versions and then buy more (I think we are aiming for 5 slots in the cases?) extended versions to accompy them? Also, roughly, what is the extended battery flight time Is there going to be an auto follow watch we can add on now @Sinan just click on the Manage button and type in the amount you want to pledge (the basic Zano pledge plus the price for addons you want) @peter : would you recommend to enter with a different name for a new pledge ? If not how should I add on new pledges without discarding the former ones ? Just 19hrs left ? @S Yes but probably not at launch Will there be a Windows Phone app? Pledge increased by £45 which covers 2x extended flight time batteries, 2x sets of extra propellers, and 1x polo shirt. Bargain. Is it possible to upgrade from standard to extended battery, so only the extended battery will be delivered? @Rainer: You have to and it now. Just increase your pledge. :) I backed at the £154 mark with all the extras, does that mean if I pledge £308 I can get 2 full sets, one black one white? Thanks! Stupid question: Do I have a add all needed extra stuff like spare part props and extra battery now to my pledge or later (after finishing the Kickstarter campaign)? I've registered twice to be a beta tester but haven't received any email confirming I'm a beta tester. @creators what's the difference between the LE zanofuel and the standard one? Thanks. @David Once the Kickstarter closes they will notify the selected people via email @Thejimster5 No, being a beta tester will nto give you preference, but it does give you free update downloads for as long as you are a better tester This is great. So looking forward to this!! Whoops Zanos* Do beta testers get their panos sooner than june? Could someone answer this as I don't want to look through the throng of comments how will we be notified if we said Goes up to be a beta tester @Sebastian: All Zanos will get 2 Batteries and 2 Sets of Propellers. Pledge done ;) nice Project -- :) i would be nice, to get one of the 1000: RED ZANO W/ LIMITED EDITION RED CARRY CASE - You will receive 1 x RED ZANO in a Limited Edition Red Carry Case. Included in this reward is a ZANOfuel Portable Charging Stick and 1 x Charging Cable, 2 x Batteries and 2 x complete sets of propellers. i think the 2 Batteries and 2 complete sets of propellers would be nice - and only in this package there ist this set will maybe come there till tomorror an other pledge like this ? (red device not need ) To whom it may concern ... updated spreadsheet with comments <url>£189 black & moved to REDDDDDD :p @Zoriel this has been discussed in detail before :) @Creator - Have you considered changing the camera so it would have more megapixels? I think the amount pledged so far really reflects the great efforts put it by the ZANO team and I really hope this last 21 hours really boosts it that bit further. I have just posted on social media again and I know not everyone follows it, but for anyone who does, just a simple tweet and facebook post makes a difference! #ZANO @Georg just go to www.torquinggroup.com/forum, you then just need to register as a new user. You need to supply an email (note for me my .gmail didn't work, so I used my work email address), you'll then get a confirmation email to complete the registration. can someone give a Brief sumup for the Forum? how to Register (using Kickstarter Name and email or free) is this the beta users Access? etc. thanks Georg I love the product and many of the software update suggested sound amazing.The Zano has achieved a tremendous amount of support via Kickstarter. For me the most important aspect of the Zano is the size/portability as well as the camera function. The Zano has achieved a tremendous amount of support via Kickstarter. I know the creators have said they will use the extra funding to increase the software/functionality of the Zano. I'm aware the camera is modular and can be upgraded later. However, I really hope the net result of this outstanding Kickstarter campaign will be to upgrade the camera specs as high as possible. I've done a start for ten for a simple Zano Code of Conduct which you can view here: <url>"first" fuel cell power Generator powered with Camping/lightning gas capacble to Charge 11x an iPhone with 56ml gas....<url>~ Regarding the wiki registration: I had to create a new account (with the same information) in order to log in @creators i'm happy to be a moderator ive done it on a couple of other sites. I will register on the forum when i finish work. I will be the same as on here Mark T @Special C - here is a press release from Lantrionix which explains what they are doing:- <url>"Zano is the brainchild of Lantronix, a Welsh company that produces WiFi gear for various defense companies." - is that a misprint or is there more of a link between Torquing and LANtronix than we were aware of? Ivan the Creator , please consider extra goodies to us if the pledge met the Goal of GDP2.25m :PPP @Ivan I'm just plain old @PeterM @Creator - mine's not (quite) the same. I'm Doug Conran here and dougconran on the forum. @Creator yes for me @Peter - I agree that non-flying Zanos doesn't seem to have affected take up ... and yet, I wonder. It would be interesting (and futile) to know how the other new drones fared (Airdog, Parrot, DJI etc). @Simon - you will need a second Zano filming that bird bath,so we can see it too! @Creator - like many others here, I'm more than willing to help out as a moderator although my IT skills (for this sort of thing, anyway) are zero. But, what I do have is time on my hands at the moment (but that might not always be the case:-) @Matthew you better try <email> instead (the other one is for suggestions regarding their website). @Creator - happy to help with the moderation as time permits, which knowing my work will be variable, but if there is a reasonable team of us it should be OK. @Doug its ridiculous. Kind of proves @Tomoteo wrong. They obviously don't need the prototype at CES to be flying around to generate more interest! @Christopher Thanks. I'll wait for the update. I hope it'll arrive before 23 hours, even I've also read the prices for backers will be maintained for a while after. @Matthew Good to hear. I'll wait for the update. @Matthew Yo may try the Spanish address <email> @Simon Hahah nice. Would sure give the birds a shock anyway Welocme @Peter Roueche Nice to have another one here! @All - at about 4pm yesterday this project broke the £2 million barrier. Since then, in less than one day, it has increased by a further £130,000 - that is more than the original funding target IN ONE DAY and after already securing £2 million. @Ivan I'm happy to commit to being a moderator on the Wiki, although not sure my technical knowledge will stand up to scrutiny - however my OCD, anal pedantiness is second to none! @Creator I'm up for being a moderator. My username is nice and original... Matt Just got this reply No se ha podido realizar la entrega a estos destinatarios o grupos: <email> No se encontró la dirección de correo electrónico especificada. Compruebe la dirección de correo electrónico del destinatario e intente enviar de nuevo el mensaje. Si el problema continúa, póngase en contacto con el departamento de soporte técnico. Nope. I have sent an email to panda security about it. The page is very basic and my company Oakbank Technology Inc is strictly a technology company. @Matthew The website <url>¬)) @Special, @Peter - I'm thinking of having my Raspberry Pi (which controls my garden lights) monitoring emails from my Ingress account. When it gets a notification that my local Ingress portal is under attack, the bird bath slides aside (to the sound of Thunderbirds), the Zano takes off and zips across to the portal, finds the enemy Ingress agent and tells them to "move clear of the portal!" @creator Why bothering going to CES if you don't have a functional prototype there? @ Randy, thanks for the quick response. I understand that it will know where I am and will react accordingly. I would like to know if I can find out how it will react before I leave home... @ Ivan - I am happy to help out as a moderator if needed. I don't have any particular IT skillset, just idea generation! Happy to help though. @ Peter Regarding location based restrictions, I believe the app/Zano will will know where you are in the world, as well as the pertinent restrictions, and will react accordingly. Thank you @Joan thats Zano only. You should compare that to the 139 pledge @Peter @Randy @Thomas @creator @everyone I could spin up a site and make it live tomorrow to host a Zano wiki if there is enough desire, unless this is something you have plans for already Ivan? Lots of comments about Zano acting certain ways (max distance from user, max height, max weight, etc.) in certain countries due to legislative restrictions, etc. I travel a bit around the world and would love to see a table by country of what those restrictions will be in the software. For example, I would hate to take it to Singapore and find out it won't fly outside my hotel room. Why does the Guardian say that when the Zano goes on sale to the public the cost will be only £169.95. Most of the Kickstarter packages are more than that. Usually on Kickstarter people pay less. @Randy @Thomas I'd be happy to put in some time filling in content on a wiki. Have no idea how to set one up etc but for sure can help filling the details and information in. Thanks for the mic info - also is it stereo? @ThomasDN - Great idea! Perhaps, we, the community can start the wiki on their behalf. I personally would rather the creator spend every second of their time on getting the Zano to production and into our hands. With such a passionate community, perhaps we can start it and create the foundation. Certainly Torquing might have to make some modifications/edits/corrections, but this community is so passionate and giving we could probably give it a go! I know nothing about wiki, but happy to do some research to figure it out. Unless someone here knows more and wants to point us in the right direction. @Creator, I ve registered as a beta tester since a few days now ( Ithink at the time you posted that they were 180 registrations) but I havent got any confirmation email for being accepted or not. Is there a place to look at ,for the status of my registration? @Creator, I backed a GITD nano. I understand this is a limited,one time production of it. Since all limited editions, in anykind of product, bares the production #, would it be possible for backers to chose a number or not? And also where is the serial #/1000 will be placed? Case or zano itself? Thanks and congrats on the amazing campaign you guys runned! @Creator: As great as the forum is (and it *is* great - thank you for that!) it would be a good idea to collect information in a wiki, methinks. So if you at any point(!) get some spare time... ;-) just ONE day left :-) @Nick I just took a look at this: <url>"kickstarter prices" for add on's for some period of time. @mura - Zano will track the device. So who ever you want Zano to focus on, just have them carry the device. Not complicated at all. Simple. how to buy 2 spare battery? @Mura - that is a very good point. You can make Zano track on an image but I don't know how precisely you can define that image. @Peter "...sell a kidney" Made me chuckle... Bonjour à tous. Dans la fonction "me suivre" peut on mettre une fonction "mémoriser visage" , pour que Zano suive une seule personne dans la foule, moi ou un membre de la famille ou une personne consentante. Hello everyone. In the "follow me" can we put a function "save face" for Zano follow one person in the crowd, myself or a family member or a consenting person. @Special @Ivan OMG Tracey Island base with integrated charging pads with Thunderbirds themed Zano's! Different coloured shells, number decals. All playing the Thunderbirds theme song as they launch from the Island! I'm getting so excited. Also may need to sell a kidney. @Special YOU KEEP COMING UP WITH THE BEST IDEAS! Tracey Island FTW! I'm getting my Blue Peter badge out when I get home and stirring up some paper mache! @Mark yeah that could be cool, although might start to get a bit big. If you just kept it to the hanger it wouldn't have a very big footprint. @doug - I did in response to your post here. @steven - I think if it fails Amazon will be quickly onto you for a new payment method. You might also be able to change it from the Manage You Pledge bit? @special circumstances. Other projects they have taken the money after which is my reason for concern. How can you add a new card though as at the payments in settings can only see delete cards not add. @Creator, @Special C - scratch my last re adding to the forum, Speciual Circumstances has already done it - Good job S C. @Peter - why not something a bit more like Tracy Island? @peter mulholland I also see runways, control towers, ATC speak etc. @All Ok one for the creative types out there. I would love a Zano charging pad that is actually designed like an aircraft hanger. Could be plugged into the mains, which would supply power to the charging pads as well as some LEDs placed at strategic places, as well as the doors which would slide open on a command (maybe from the app?) Zano would then be able to lift off from inside and fly out. A good way to display your Zano (obviously it would have windows) it would keep it safe and be functional. Picturing something like this: <url>£139+ will automatically get a free spare battery. I've been reading the posts (probably not all of them) and I haven't been able to find it. How much should I increase my pledge in order to get an additional extra battery? And the standard case (I think this is £15)? I pleged for the white £149 Zano. Thanks in advance and sorry if this has been answered already. @all I like the "Zano Stop", tethered blimp with charging platform idea :o) No activation email yet either. Used my personal email if you want to activate as moderator. :) @Creator - the idea for a marathon of some sort seems to be taking off (pun not intended!) can you maybe set up a section on the forum dedicated to that. @Ivan Although no activation email as yet... +1 for voice commands. Imagine custom printed shell like the flying monkeys in Wizard of Oz, then launching with the command: "Fly my pretties" :-) @Ivan www.torquinggroup.com/forum worked for me and Im on +1 for voice commands. Imagine custom printed shell like the flying monkeys in Wizard of Oz, then launching with the command: "Fly my pretties" :-) Yes that worked thanks! As for conf email re Beta testing do I need to re-register as don't want to miss out :) @Anakin You certainly can! Just increase your pledge to cover the cost of your second drone of choice (and you only need one £10 shipping charge), then at the end the team will send out a survey and you can tell them what you want to do with your remaining funds. Capcha fails @Special Done, I'm in. (Starting to envision multiple tethered Zano platforms constantly floating in the sky, available to recharge at any time) I also didn't get conf email from registering as Beta tester yesterday. I got an Okay on screen but no conf email, checked spam folder and nothing there either. Registration OK, but no email.... Potentially there is a slight delay with a lot of people registering at once? No email in any of my folders as of yet, just so you know. Sure, in box where it says confirmation of registration where confirmation code should be I get "Input Error : Invalid referer" @Christopher, I'm getting the same ;¬(( Getting invalid referrer error message when trying to register? Hurray for forum! I love the idea of an airship. It would be a geek's wet dream. I'm just not sure how realistic or practical that is at this moment. But keep it coming. Vision leads to a product! :) @ivan disregard that last comment, my error. @Ivan - Registration worked OK for me, but no email. @ivan ... the captcha code has the same problem as with the beta registration :-) :D GG Ivan! @Anakin - as I understand it - yes you can. @Sinan kezer The FlirLepton data sheet indicates it is an 80x60 array. It also indicates it is export compliant (<9Hz) at 8.6 frames per second. The FLIR dishes out 27 FPS but only every 3rd frame is actually a unique new frame to keep it US exports compliant. I know this may have already been answered but I've tried scrolling through the comments and couldnt find anything so here it goes.. I've pledged for the £139 level. Can I increase my pledge by £139 to get 2 Zano? Thank you so much! @Peter - never mind them..... WE shall make it. And IT SHALL RULE THE SKIES!!! Mwahahahahahahahah! @V I think all those have been mentioned, and are planned, except for the Bullet Time (I think I know it as flow motion) - like in the Matrix? That's a great idea. You'd need a lot of Zano, and the time sync would need to be pretty good, but sounds good! @All No one appears to have commented on/noticed the genius of @Special's idea of a larger drone (or ideally airship) carrying a charging pad (possibly solar powered) for in flight recharging. Its an amazing idea! For now @Shuan. For now... @Mihai Unfortunately while I am a proud, self confessed geek I know nothing about design, graphics or programming :/ But yes a rubber band gun would be fun, and a paintball dropper has been mentioned. @all I too like the charity marathon idea. Would love to participate, but South Africa is a bit too far south for now. Re: Camera and Lens - I've reviewed the xls, and I think we are still waiting to hear what sensor will finally be used, and also which lens. We know it will be a 1/4" sensor, 5MP or more, OV5640 or higher spec. From recent comments by Ivan it sounds like they are still working with their suppliers on this to confirm which module will be the default and included in our rewards. In any case, the camera is modular, and there will be variations and upgrades available at future dates. There was considerable dicussion, and the (rightly stated IMHO) comment that the lens is more important that the number of mega-pixels. @jamie, based on the assumption mentioned about sensor and lens, 35mm equivalent about 32mm - something like that? We'll work it out again once the true specs are known. @Mathew C You can see the upwards facing IR emitter and receiver when looking at the "Creating Zano Part 1" cover frame on the Kickstarter page. Either side of the GPS module and speaker. @Peter M the only question that comes to mind right now is how come you haven't done any rendering of a rubber band gun that we can attach to Zano :)) Few suggestions for thoughts (probably some already up before), "Follow me" - it will be great to create fancy video if the drone can varies its following distance / angle auto/programmatically like HEXO+ do. It doesn't have to be complex though. (Same during swarming mode) "Swarming" - Future enhancement - "Bullet time" shots during swarming (enhance sales too since bullet time usually requires a lot cameras) "Marathon" sounds cool idea. Of course people involvement is important for charity. I like to point out that it is also possible to make a Guinness record too on longest unmanned Nano drone flying distances if the drone can make use of the GPS pathing as well as the docking station (with charging capability). "Docking station" - Automatic landing on closest available charging station if battery below certain percentage, outdoor charging capability or even an automatic battery switching capability. Even cooler if the carrying case also the docking station too. At last, congratulate on reaching the 2M milestone. Wishing your company all the success. @Doug Conran: Oh a Captain Slow Zano special would be epic! @Bernard Yes thats genius! (Although if I'm honest I had imagined flying up to a colleague or housemate, swearing at them and flying off - because I'm a child at heart!) @Creator love the grey carbon Zano.... Great colour. The charity fundraiser would be cool! #Marathon - assuming we go West to East for starters, that's about 320 miles according to google maps. Assume, also, that a mega Zano can fly at an average of 10mph for abot 20 minutes, that equates to about 7 miles per flight which, in turn, equates to about 47 or so legs of a relay. Out of 10000+ Zano backers, we should be able to cover that. I know there's a loudspeaker on board, soooooo, imagine 'flight of the Valkyrie' blaring out as you soared over the ground. Awesome @All I honestly still think we should do a global one eventually (like I said you'd need to start small to iron out any bugs). Work your way around giving as many Zano kickstarters a visit as possible. You could even do another Kickstarter in the future to raise funds for the development and creation of the special marathon Zano and all the logistics. I for one would definitely back it. Hi Doug Conran, Yeh I know mate! Cheers. It was a bi of tongue and cheek from my part. UK VAT is a killer. Would love to see a marathon of some sorts! Just make sure it can cross the pond so it can make it's way through Belgium. ;) Didn't someone say that a flight would generate a video file of about 4Gb? If so, that would give you at least 6 flights for a 32Gb microSD card and, with inter-changeable card you're pretty much covered with a couple of 32Gb cards. @Bernard Ah you're obviously not quite as OCD as me. With my GoPros as soon as I finish whatever activity I'm doing (normally skiing) all files get transferred to laptop and backed up to cloud storage (and sometimes an external hard drive as well), then the card gets reformatted... @special searching through my spreadsheet, i found that the module was mentioned by @creator in the earlier comments. you're right that specs on the actual lens themselves are hard to find in the .pdf @Mathew, LoL, me neither, but really wondered whether it will support 64Gb/128Gb. 256Gb would be fantastic, however, the bigger the card the greater the loss if it fails, of which I have lost 2 x 64Gb so far ;¬(( @jamie - no idea what the effective crop factor would be on the sensor, will try and work it out when I've got 15 minutes spare. @Creator - Feature Request: Interchangable lenses for the camera. These could be screw-in types perhaps? @Jamie - I'd hazard a guess at something like <url>"just" an amazing piece of technology, to something the world yearns to see, to capture, to be a part of. @Bernard As far as I'm aware they will handle any MicroUSB you put in it @ivan if the marathon crosses the channel into the low countries ... count me in. Also ... I would be curious to know if I qualify for a moderator, just let me know. Your replies are as allways awesome. Great to read that you flip the sad-looking usb-port and I'm very interested in the cellular module!! Or am I wrong. Looking at pic again I don't see one on the top. I assume that is speaker and power on top. @jamie leeming I believe these ... <url>£125,000 (plus £2m obviously...). That in itself is a bit of an achievement, £2m over the original target. @Ivan: Thanks for the reply. Always happy with the solutions you bring up. The only issue I'm having is that every time I read all your replies I'm just that little more eager and unable to wait for June to be come and get that notification a package arrived at my place :) Good luck with finalizing the final version of Zano. Soon we'll see how it will end up looking exactly. Soon real footage from the final version. Keep it up Team Zano. We're all here to support, test and play when the time comes. @Matthew I think the idea would be to have human interaction to show what a great community has built up around Zano. @ivan I would be fully supportive of a charity marathon for a children's charity some time in the future. Also I like the idea of a Aqua blue ZANO which is extra protected from water. I just SO love the idea of the charity flight! Maybe we could make it some sort of 'baton relay' and have multiple Zanos stationed along the route with each one flying a leg and passing on a baton of some sort (bit like the olympic flame relay). @creator your charity marathon would be really cool. Maybe instead of having people swap out batteries you could have base stations set up every 20km or so. This way the flight would be completely autonomous with no human interaction. If you made them 10c chargers you could charge really quick though probably have to replace the batteries after the marathon. Wow people are posting so much now my percentage of comments is almost doped below 10%. Take a look at this quick rendering of my devil zano. <url>" 'Round the World " mission, Pennsylvania is an extremely long state that has about 3 cities and 6 million bears (the latter should not pose a problem) but I'd love to help with the Penna "leg (g). Be well. @Creator, @Peter, @Special C - (1) Ivan, as always, a comprehensive update, thank you. (2) Count me in for a Zano charity marathon. I live in Suffolk but could cover the Wokingham area. (3) I don't see why CAA regs would be a problem (a) they currently apply to all UAS under 20kgs and so the only real challenge would be to ensure that we don't fly within 50m of people/property not under our control (might be a bit of a problem in London, though, particularly near Heathrow). As an alternative thought, there is a children's charity called EACH (East Anglian Childrens Hospice) based in Ipswich. Maybe we could support that charity and fly from one side of the country (Pembroke Docks) to the other side (Ipswich docks). @RL The Zano is built around crash detection and has a variety of sensors including sonar, IR, barometer to name a few, specifically aimed at obstacle avoidance. @Ivan even said that it's actually almost impossible to crash it! @Special OMG THE IN-FLIGHT RECHARGING IS THE BEST IDEA ON THIS FORUM!!! That is absolutely genius. @Ivan this definitely needs pursuing! Or even floating Zano-Pad Zeppllins, with huge solar surfaces.... OK - I'll stop now. @Sinan kezer - regarding paranoia, it's not true that only paranoid people survive, it's just that "We" don't tell you about "The Others". ;) I like the marathon idea just get it over seas asap RE: Flight of Fancy - OK, just taking things a bit further (and here I refer to my previous comment about moderation) what about... a large UAV, complete with a central landing platform for a Zano. The Zano is specially modified for a "quick fit" battery, such that a small system of servo can replace the battery automagically, while the Zano-Carrier is in flight. We'd then have an in-flight fuelling system for Zano. Technically, wouldn't that count as still being "in-flight"? Could also create ship based Zano-Carriers (which would solve the issue of The Channel), alternatively couldn't we just fly it down the tunnel? @creator : @creator : for thermal imaging : what are the specs if you may ? Resolution and fps please ? I have looked to FLIR LEPTON upon your suggestion , there are lots of products. In particular it is the resolution and frame rate which counts for export regulations. The mandate originated from the US and most other countries copy. May be I am a bit paranoid but only paranoids survive :) @Zano Team, will Zano have proximity sensor to prevent crash? hi all more questions about the camera that don't get answered for me(I think)in the comments here: - will the stock camera have auto focus? -will the modular camera upgrades replace the ledpanel or the stock camera? Maybe an upgrade suggestion for a good sensor is the one in my oneplus one.It 's a sony Exmor IMX214 CMOS ...... have nice 28 hours to go....... hi all more questions about the camera that don't get answered for me(I think)in the comments here: - will the stock camera have auto focus? -will the modular camera upgrades replace the ledpanel or the stock camera? Maybe an upgrade suggestion for a good sensor is the one in my oneplus one.It 's a sony Exmor IMX214 CMOS ...... have nice 28 hours to go....... @Peter @Ivan - would we face CAA challenges for autonomous flight of something larger than 60g though? @Ivan Definitely keen for a 'special' Zano for this, stripped down, streamlined, bigger batteries, more powerful motors, longer range - and of course a custom paint job! @Matt Don't be discouraged! Start small and think big, would have to start off with smaller journeys but eventually we could circumnavigate the globe! (Go Big or Go Home!) @Matt T - I don't think we need to keep to a straight line! @ThomasDN Not necessarily, Marathon Zano flies from Wales to various places in the UK to the coast, someone takes it on a ferry and across the channel and boom - it's there! Would be amazing after doing smaller runs to see how far you could get it around the world. Sure @Ivan could program it to regularly update its location to the web so that you could go on the website and see its progress, and everyone that gets it takes a photo along the way. Can just picture a map of the world with a red line criss crossing it with a Zano icon at the head, and being able to zoom into one of the 'stops' and see the photos/videos that user took. Id love to participate in the Zano marathon, im not sure Silverstone is between Pembrokeshire and London thought. :/ I think I would possibly explode with excitement if I won the "lottery". No way I can afford more than my LE Red so that would be amazing. "either", not "aither". *facepalm* I would love to participate in a charity Zano marathon - but that would require aither the Zano or myself crossing the channel, so probably not... ;-) On a more relevant note: There were too many "Thomas" here so I changed my backer name. Will that confuse the beta tester registration? @Ivan, very thorough update as usual thanks! Signed up for being a beta tester so fingers are tightly crossed for one of the three GITD Zano’s :) Really like the Zano marathon idea, sounds awesome! @Ivan - ditto from me on the charity marathon. We should plan some spectacular waypoints to help show off different use cases; mountains, rivers, lakes, a few iconic locations? Also, happy to help with forum moderation - although to be fair, moderation isn't something I'm renowned for... @Ivan As always thank you for the superb update, and I for one would definitely be onboard for the charity Zano marathon and am happy to help in any way I can. @Creator - going on from my previous comment (has no one else had anything to say in 23 mins?) could you ask the guys at CES to do a quick indoor video in their rooms. They can at least show (1) indoor hovering, (2) obstacle avoidance (both of people and ceilings & walls) and (3) taking a selfie of them all. @Creator - I'd have to add my voice to those calling for a video, even just nipping outside the office (or CES) and doing a bit of fun flying. @Special I like those ideas! @Ivan Really, a video can boost up the funding. The project is crying for a video update. Same for the CES venue also..Zano should enter into all time top 10 highest funded projects.. @Michael B: I've just started working through the product myself, the tutorials are good and plentiful. From what I can tell, you can make any sort of game you like! I'm very impressed by it I must say. So, for Zano, I'm thinking AR games. Imagine you and your Zano friends dog fighting in the woods, first person view, but with smoke streaming from wounded Zanos, super plasma missiles streaking across your screen, the zap of tiny lasers (etc). Or perhaps complex obstacle courses above a field. Or maybe freeing fairies from cages hidden around the garden. That kind of thing I guess. Virtual maze? Have a look at some of the games for Sphero for other examples. Out of curiosity: Regarding Unity 3D... What sort of games could one create .. Any ideas? @Creator Ivan I understand the need for industrial security and to have things locked down before giving "live" demos, But is it just an enormous oversight or what, that you didn't have a good video running on a loop 24/7 showing the zano in flight. It could have obviously been taped at a secure venue. Help me out here, TIA LJG @Matt Fair point. I highly doubt they will be taking money at the event, they may have a laptop set up so people can pledge there and then, and I imagine most people will have smart phones, then you will get some who will go home and mull it over. @Larry I don't know - if you got enough of them... @Creator Hi Ivan. At the current rate it looks like the end sum will be around £2,250,000. Looking at some of the reported news items about Zano out of CES, the lack of it flying compared to other drones being present has been noted. Totally understand your reasons for not showing it flying live though. Anyway, if you want to lift the pledges at this late stage, as someone else here has highlighted (apols can't recall who), if you were able to publish a price list for add on options (e.g. Infra-Red camera, extra batteries etc), then this might enable some of us to pledge more... I know I would. You've already done more than enough though!! @Peter I'm guessing that fleas wouldn't pose tooo much of a problem. @ Peter, looking at kicktraq that amount is kind of linear with the daily trends for the last week, since the madness of the 30th -31st. I was expecting an additional surge over and above. <url>#chart-exp-projection Are the guys at CES taking money direct rather than through kickstarter? @Larry - I don't know. With Ivan at the helm his debugging skills would be useless! @Larry @Doug I seriously hope they don't have bug problems at Zano - think of how much weight even one cricket would add! And I'm perfectly happy in my job, everyone loves me.... *turns screens further away* @Doug Zano seems like a great place to work. Maybe Peter can get in on the ground floor. @Peter - would look good on your cv (when your boss fires you for spending all your time on here!). 'Experienced at debugging laptops and computers' So you DID!!! @Doug *sighs* Was that necessary? :P Can't remember how I solved it. Probably tempted them out with some sweet treats then ran away. @Peter - ha ha. Good one. Did you 'debug' it? @Doug & Peter I get a point for every time I pull things off topic. I'm on the Professional Tour. Great sponsorships. Mostly ADHD med companies. @Larry Still happens these days! I was in Australia working in the outback and my laptop developed an ant infestation... @Larry - we're off topic here but the first computer I worked on had 8k of core magnetic rings as memory and you had to set a series of switches to load the operating system from paper tape. 1973 that was. @Doug and people think it's good to dump the space program because the money is "spent on space". I'm from when a "bug" was actually a BUG. The computer was the size of a room and they actually DID have bugs. @Michael B Congrats! Hope to see a few CES 2015 videos pop up soon.... Just backed Zano ( Black Stealth edition ) sure wish it were water proof... perhaps in time it will be with so many features being added. Yup, fiddling google searches, like I say. Have you ever wondered how many people would be without jobs if there were no internet and no mobile phones (both innovations of the last 25 years)? Remember, I have to scratch and claw my way upward through a lot since the '50's 1950"s) to get to SEO. (g) @Larry @Doug I did say technical :P Just using keywords etc to get you to the top of the search result. @Doug Thank you. @Larry - search engine optimization (fiddling google searches) @Peter SEO??? @Peter - entirely agree with you, which is why I don't think they are moving on from the selfie angle but just expanding it as and when opportunity arises. @Holgar They are LiPo batteries from a specialist supplier, one of the other backers or @Ivan will be able to give you details on the technical specifications @Larry Yes I'm here. Always here. @Matt Sorry *£90,000 @Matt We had one! That's what pushed us up over £2m and another £40,000 past that. @Peter Sorry, I didn't see you there. Since I hadn't heard you I'd assumed that you couldn't be here (lol) @Doug I imagine as that is their brand now it wouldn't be ideal to change it this late in the game. As I said they will already have all of their materials and signage printed up do it would be expensive to have it redone. Also from a technical viewpoint it would start to affect their SEO and search results, best to leave it alone! @larry thanks for the kind words b.t.w., but I consider other far more involved than myself. Can't combine 3 jobs :-) Was anyone else expecting a surge in pledges when CES opened yesterday? @Holgar B - I'm not sure the question has been answered before. The impression I get is that they are a standard battery of an approved supplier but not your standard aftermarket cheapo. @Larry That's initially what it was, we as a community have helped develop it with all our ideas. Kickstarter makes it difficult to change things on your page, and I'm guessing they has already had all of their banners and materials printed for CES. @Larry Thanks! Nice to be appreciated :) @Bree I have a Red LE but want a black LE!! Yeah but the strap line under the logo hasn't changed and is that that gives the initial focus. @Mark What are they moving toward? @larry they are slowly abandoning the selfie approach, the wording on KS has changed already Maybe this asked been asked before, but i would like to know which kind of rechargable batteries will be inside the ZANO? Are they of a standard size like some LIPO batteries? What specification do they have? Can i buy them everywhere? @Larry - I reckon they are concentrating on the selfie angle for exactly the reason you suggest. That's what's hot at the moment and people can relate to it. Plus that is what all the competition is doing. OR Doug can answer you kindly and completely. My bad. :-( Sorry, too many typos - must try harder! @Bret Marquis - the @creator stated in one his replies a cuple of dsys ago that delivery would be based around colour for production reasons. Starting with black, then white then red I guess and then the others. They would be palleted up and sent to country agents who would break out rhe pallets and do the actual deliveries. @Brett We just LOOK like zano :-) we're just admirers. Ivan one of the Creators will answer you though. @All Can anyone help me understand why they are marketing this as a selfie taker? I know that selfie talk is big now but it just seems like it can do so much more. Or maybe I'm just mis-guaging things. Hi Zano, You have a lot of Zano's that are due for delivery in June. What will be your delivery order or sequence? Or do you plan to ship the lot at the same time? @Larry - oh, that's alright then. I thought it was early. @Doug Careful or you'll make a guy feel unwanted! Besides, it's already 3:30 here. @Doug @Mark P @Peter @ Matt C You guys are like an answering machine for zano. Very cool and I doubt that any campaigns have anything similar. Kudos. @Larry - its 8.30am here in uk. What's the time where you are? GET SOME SLEEP! @mark Thanks. Thought I'd missed a session. Guess not. @larry yesterday evening, so about 12 hrs ago @Doug conran Sorry didn't see you there . Has Ivan been on recently? @Mark Penders Hi when was the last that Ivan was on? @Socrates Medina - the camera is modular and is replaceable by other types, such as fisheye or IR, which will become available on the flyzano website. @Aziz Ahmed - UK backers are subject to VAT but the developers have chosen to absorb that themselves and just charge a standard £10 shipping fee to everyone. UK backers get a good deal! @Henry Tan: Ivan had confirmed that it would be matt black @Ivan: Would the external USB battery charger be included in all pledges above 139 pounds? For black Zano, can it be matt black and not glossy? @Carlson: 3. ALL cases will hold at least 4 batteries, spare propellers and a charging cable. @Carlson , i know ivan mentioned something about that not to long ago If im not mistaken i think he said something about it holding 1 to 2 batteries the zano fuel and propellers, but Im not sure . as far as the add ons i think thats everything.. @Garvani .. I think the fail safes will kick in if ya get a bit over zealous. .. :) I think once the Creator posts the addons and their respective prices in the main page, 2.5m should come pretty quick :P Currently only remember the propellers, batteries, and case for the possible addons, anything I missed? I think i could go for more propellers and batteries :D Does anyone remember if the case fits how many extra batteries/extra propellers? was just walking down my hallway when obstacle avoidance came to mind. Has ivan said much about how zano will handle indoors with an over zealous pilot. I know there are numerous sensors in zano for such things but for example will zano actually override the controls and save itself from smashing into a wall/ceiling? @Bree Clark: just pledge for a GITD LE and we'll swap later ;-) I've gathered all the comments for the Zano campaign in a spreadsheet. Unedited, but gives you at least the ability to search in the (early) posts. <url>"Hey Mark T. Regarding us not flying Zano at CES. Yes, good question and I am happy to explain. We are perfectionists and if we do a demo that goes wrong, we will never live it down so we would rather not do a demo. We have solid prototypes that work beautifully when we are operating them. Zano also runs on 2.4GHz and in EVERY trade show I have ever been too. 802.11b/g/n on 2.4G is so cluttered it is useless. On top of that, the risk to our intellectual property is huge. The prototypes do not have the Zano OS fully secured and as such, it is easy to download. Until the production Zano OS is ready, the full code protection features can not be enabled. Imagine if we sent a fully live prototype and it got lost/stolen? Everything we have worked so hard on could be gone in an instant. Our reputation is at risk if we do a bad demo, our business is at risk if we loose a live prototype. I keep those in a safe at the office and they are signed out and back in be me :-) Does that make sense?" It definitely would be great to see videos of Zano in action plus more shots of videos and images taken from it. It's also concerning that it appears only a nonfunctional unit is being shown at CES? The CNET article said it wasn't being shown in action, just available to have photos taken of it. @CanadianCoffee - I'd love to see videos of it in flight at CES. Preferable for more a few seconds. Unfortunately there hasn't been any footage of it outside of promo video and that only lasts for a split second. @CanadianCoffee thank you! @Logan - will see what I can do! In the meantime, check out these: <url>"limitations" will be less of an issue if the operator is cleaver enough (wink). JMO @CanadianCoffee I would love just some general pictures of white zano if you can swing it! :D Thanks everyone for the active posting. This is great. Sorry if this was asked and answered but is the Zano still limited to 15-30 meters? 30 meters a lot better than 15. I would still like to see it being extended. Hello guys and congrats on reaching the 2 millions, I was wondering if it could be possible to replace the camera with one with higher resolution or maybe a different lens, like a wide angle lens, by the means of buying accessories for the zano, have you consider this possibility? I have a friend that works for iRobot (see picture attached -- Green booth right behind Zano at CES!) Can't promise anything as he is pretty busy too, but let me know if anyone has specific questions/picture requests. :) <url>| SoSR 3.93 yes there are so many cool things we can do. I plan to release all my apps as open source so that the comunity can improve on and people can use parts and libraries in there own apps. Most probably won't but my companies aims are to fund r&d not to pay me. looking forward to a bunch of these "apps" being released to the wider community. I would happily pay some money for an app that pulled up google maps, you pin waypoints on said map and zano flys off and does it, recording video on the way. Would need all sorts of different settable attributes, height, stopping at waypoints and performing certain tasks (360 slow spin around etc etc). Possibilities are endless and really exciting! @Robert Andersen yes it can. I am under the impression the sdk will let developers write apps that will work without active wifi connection. Could the zano in autonomous flight mode fly straight up and take a picture at its maximum height then come down? Or film a short clip similar to this: <url>"The Making of Zano: Part 4" will be released? I've been rather enjoying the "series". @gareth It's a really nice product. What I really like is the swiveling camera. Doing something like that for ZANO would be great. About nixie, really cool idea about the were able drone..I guess it would be more for athletes tho. @creator Great job with the design I am a backer. I have just seen this product that's also at CES. It looks similar to yours except that you can wear it. It is called flynixie.com. Then fly it to capture you videos or pictures. @creator Is there any way you could give voice commands like up down left right flip? any thoughts? Scheap, the reason shipping cost is same for everyone is so it averages out the total cost for everyone, as some countries are more expensive to ship then others. But I think the team wanted the same cost for everyone and felt it was unfair for some to pay a lot more then others. However if I had a choice I would have preferred shipping cost to be individually lol because I live in the UK!!! However the US creators bump us UK backers and other countries with high shipping cost so they can offer free shipping to U.S backers! Americans hey lol ; ) Good question @schaep! And love the idea of using Zano as a scarecrow! @schaep Zano will struggle to keep up with a motorbike as its top speed is 25mph... perhaps you need one of these? <url>"toss to launch" as a feature, with the ability to choose what it does once stable be it hover and await more instructions, take a photo and return, circle and take photos etc etc every time i refresh kicktraq its trending higher and higher, at this moment in time it looks like £2,155,660.. hoping for the £2.5! but will need a dramatic increase in pledges @Creator Hi Ivan, syndiant would appear to have the right kind of pico projector tech that could be made into a plugin for Zano, and they are at CES where Texas Instruments are also showing off a pico projector. Embedded pico for smart phones was on the cards four+ years ago but the ipad killed it off - wearables are seeing the embedded pico take off again: <url>£164 pledge level is specific to just that level, or something standard. I like the idea of the hard case, but the smaller form factor to how the Zano, and a battery/prop or two would be nice as well. @David previously for toss to launch suggested that you can define/choose what action Zano performs when tossed, so you can have it do whatever you want, including a "boomerang". @special great idea I think Ivan can implement this @David - Really like the Boomerang Mode idea. How about you shake the Zano (gently) to set how far away it will go? 1 shake per meter? @creator how bout a boomerang mode like the toss to launch but instead when in the air focuses on where it was thrown from takes a picture and automatically returns to home? Any thoughts? @Caleb Wong yep: LE case only with a £189 pledge. Remember the £10 postage! @TJ: Both Android and iOS for now. What smart devises work with this? @Creator Will WiFi be secured on the production Zano? If flying in a saturated WiFi RF environment, will there be a chance of RF interference? I would think this will be a non-issue� Just wanna make sure, so the cheapest deal with a limited edition case will be £189? The £139 and £154 both are coming with standard case only? Thanks! One and a half day to go! All the best! @creator Ivan, yes Anna gave me a link, however the ticket would be $200 so I decided to pledge for a 4th Zano instead!!! :) cheers and thanks again for you and the entire teams willingness to read thru all the comments and continue to improve the Zano! @CanadianCoffee sand is not a problem for electronics. May cause problems for motors, sensors, uSD slot, and micro usb however you should be able to clean it all out. Motors are hopefully sealed. Worst thing that could happen is sand scratch the camera lens which you would then need to replace to get good photos. Guys, if everyone could share the Project one final time to see if we can hit £2.5mil whilst the Team are in Vegas it would be an awesome surprise. There's still loads of fresh blood out there that hasn't seen the Project yet so shout it from the rooftops!! It would only take one final push! Are you sure that one is enough?! You can do awesome things with a storm! Buying two or three is only like the Mrs going out & buying those shoes & handbag that she 'forgot to mention?!!' Or that 'she told you ages ago but you forgot?!' Play their games back on them!! Whether you increase your pledge to five or can just do one final tweet it would be great to help one last time! Right I'm off to the wardrobe to do some rummaging about for new handbags and shoes!! Good Luck Guys! @Ivan @all zano community... At about the half way mark he gives a nice little mention on zano ... <url>£164 pledge point. I realize that all will now be receiving the spare battery and props, but wanted to clarify the case situation at that level. Is the clamshell case essentially the same as the one for the LE Zano's, just black? An is the zipper case mentioned a standard case or specific to that pledge level? Thanks! @Christian HH - I certainty would hope zano would be able to achieve this, i already envisioned it being able too ;). There will indeed be navigational issues with it predicting in what direction your about to head, but that should be able to be overcome, especially if zano is 10m in front of you, there would be enough buffer in the frame of the video for zano to make corrections to its course and still have the subject in focus (not a developer, just my thoughts!) @Christian Zano can be positioned wherever you want, or even circling you, keeping you in frame and focus at all times @Matthew - thanks. I knew the water impact. Was wondering how concerned we'd need to be about sand at the beach. @christian HH - it has been said that it will have ability to fly behind you, then move beside you (keeping you in focus), infront of you, etc all while keeping you in focus. @Creator/@Ivan, regarding upcoming beta test processes (you answered about 12 hours ago) - makes sense. Already registered. To tell you the truth, one benefit of me commenting, is to stamp a place marker on where I have finished reading (on KS app). The number of comments on here is insane! Congrats on the £2m - and your dedication to this forum. One last note: I have similar heritage to you. Brit national kiwi now living in Scotland. Similar - sort of... @Byron: Here you go. <url>"virtual selfie stick". Might have some navigational challenges attached, but would be great! @Doug: Good find! I love how she say's "specifically designed as a selfie camera". Marketing at their work right there! ;) Just came across this youtube review <url>£10000 per hour. It this step will be maintained the pledge will reach little less of £2500000 :-( I am backer #9260, meaning: 9 = Z 2 = A 6 = N 0 = O :-) @Randy @Special we could get into the world record for the furthest message sent by a drone.... Or summit like that!! :-/ @ivan thanks for the info and as usual a great update.... You really are oneof the best projects I have backed regarding interaction with the backers..... Your whole team deserve to do so well from this!! @Special - I would happily donate my Zano for this if it were possible. Infact, would donate mine quicker than a nano second...Seriously though, a social experiment with global reach for the cost of a Zano? You bet I would use mine for it without thinking twice. @Ivan Thanks for the update, very in depth as usual. And thanks for giving us even more reason to love ZANO. Not only do you give so many of us a chance to be a beta tester, but now there's a possibility of a lottery for a GITD ZANO. Wow! Thanks for everything... This project is great! I will be trying to launch 3 community sites around the Zano. One dedicated to SDK development (zanosdk.com), one dedicated to Mods (zanomods.com), and one dedicated to the community (zanocommunity.com). If anyone feels they would like to help with this or content or any other ideas, you can reach me here: ( bryan at zanocommunity.com ) @creator: I was wondering the following. I know I can increase my pledge to whatever amount so I can order extra things. However I don't know exactly all there is available nor the prices. When you'll publish the list, I might not have the time to go through it and adapt my pledge. Will there be some way to select in the "after campaign survey" whatever extra we want to order and pay directly to Torquing? I don't know if the prices you'll release here will still be the same once ordering will happen through flyzano.com hence my question :) I am likening all the ideas, but I'm very much into an earlier idea of a Zano space mission! @Special I guess TeamZano can supply one, great for testing purposes as well @Randy - Let's do it! Think we might have to try some smaller scale trials first though.... Maybe some long distance routes in the UK first, perhaps a Three Peaks or Land's End to John O'Groats Zano challenge? Once the map starts filling up we should be able to plan some routes? We're using your Zano though???? ;) @Randy, awesome idea. I cannot help thinking power is going to be the problem, its a shame that solar power panels are not energy efficient enough on a large scale let alone something as small as Zano. We need nano energy. Yes that does. I thought that was the procedure but wanted to be sure. Thanks! @Randy I'm with you! @ Peter @ Special - I love the idea! What about intentionally doing this though? Think about it. You start with a Zano in Wales for instance, carrying a tiny capsule with a message written on paper in it from the Torquing Group). The zano then flies to the nearest zano owner around it. If one doesn't exist within the zano's range, then whoever gets it drives around until the zano recognizes another owner within range, that comes as a text message. They then replace the initial message, with a new message of their choosing, and send it in flight. It flies to the next zano owner, who writes another message, and repeats. Travel with the zano oversees and once at your destination, see if there is a zano owner within range. If so, write a message and send it on its way. Include in the capsule instructions, as well as the zano website. What ever message is in it when received, you type that message into the website so anyone/everyone could have visibility to all of the messages. Can you imagine? Going home every day gleefully to see if the zano magically appears on your doorsteps, waiting for a charge and a new message to be written? Everyone accessing the website to find out where the zano currently is in the world? The excitement when you, as a zano owner, find out the zano is currently only 60 miles away from where you live, and tracking it as it continues to get closer and closer...wondering if it will end up with you? Message in a bottle. It would be fascinating to track, and read everything people write in it. Well wishes, dreams, prayers, possibilities are endless. Torquing captures data/metrics around miles flown, cities visited on the website for all to be a part of the journey. Who's with me??? This user's account has been deleted. Can we get a video of the current prototype in flight? @Loran do not select another reward, but increase the amount of your original pledge. You can see the prices in the description of the various reward-levels. Does this help? @creator 2 things for u: 1)About taking video or pics. Let's say I have ZANO at a 45 degree inclination from me...considering u said ZANO can't keep an inclination while hovering/flying, can u work the problem out some way? At this point I would be in the lower part of the pic unless I have the drone located at the same height. It would beg rest to have the possibility to give the camera an inclination thru remote, set it manually b4 the flight or have a remote control to rotate the body while the rotors r still vertical....essentially the whole ZANO would be a full gimbal looool 2)just double checking 139 pledge can get a red ZANO too thru final survey , correct? Also, as u said, can I add 15 to get the regular case? @Creator thank you, that answers all of my questions about the IR communication! I would also very much have interest in a short video of the new 3D rendering of the circuits! :D I would like to get one additional Nano but do not want to change my original order. How do I go about adding others and how much are they? Thanks for all the responses to the questions. @Tuxzek adding to your comment: if Zano is gonna fly way out of range, a cellular module would come in handy for all sorts of communications? @creator: just a thought ... you mentioned that a sim/cellular module could "easily" use the spot of the LCD screen. How about developing such a sim module and make it (easy) interchangeable with the LCD? You could stay in touch with Zano even if its out of wifi-range. Comes in handy as well for emergency purposes. @Randy and @Mark, re the range, would be cool to have that range from the transmitter but you are right the range is 30m, however as this is the tether range, the range of travel of the Zano should be around 6 miles so long as Zano is not flying into a head wind or using more power to stabilise. I think a good bit of telemetry would be distance travelled on a charge so you could maintain health checks. What do you think? Just saw this vacancy on LinkedIn: "Can you help?! Urgently looking for a s/w engineer able to implement drone swarming [Pembrokeshire county]" ;-) @Creator thanks Ivan, a dedicated forum on ethics sounds like a good approach. Let me know when its up and running... @Special. Ahahahah, I see why your username is "Special"... Literally laughed out loud at that (or LOL'd as the kids say). Amazing mental picture, and would be brilliant if that could happen. Quite how you'd manage to get your Zano that lost I don't know, but a nice idea @creator, I was gone for a few hours and 45k+ it went over the 2m mark@ Congratulations all.. I hate to even comment anymore, as Ivan you need a break,fingers must be getting sore from typing so much! plus reading and working. @Creator - +1 on lottery and renders (if you have time) - how do developers apply? Just musing... and it's a little far fetched, but I thought I'd share it anyway.... I was imagining a Zano world map, with Return Home, User Registration, etc etc... maybe one day, a poor little lost Zano will turn up at a Zano owners door, begging for a charge, so that it can continue it's long way home, Zano owner by Zano owner, hopping from one possible charge to another across a network of Zano owners...."please feed [charge] me so I can get home...." awwwww @creator congrats on the 2M! Amazing project and support from your side and also the discussion-community here! Can't wait for june :-) Saw an artice on a german IT-newsletter today: <url>"unhappy" face, if you could turn the usb-port upside down, it would look more happier. Thank you very much for all your responses, amazing. Lottery++ Hi Ivan, if you need any help with Moderators for the forum let me know. @Creator - thanks for the amazing update again. +1 for the short video of the 3D rendering of the circuits and +1 the beta-tester lottery. I think you did miss my question (can't for the life of me understand why!!) that prompted the "Nonos for Zanos" thought: "I know it's been mentioned a few times that Zano should be treated similar to a phone, especially around water/in the rain. Curious how vulnerable it would be/how careful you'd need to be at the beach (on the sand, not near the water)? Could it land on the sand, or would that be a no-no?" Thanks for all Updates...You are great. Can't wait to Fly that thing..be Beta..and Customize my StealthZano :o) @Creator A lottery for the beta testers is a superb idea. I registered myself some days ago. Thanks Ivan, you're doing a fantastic job. Thanks for the update and the mention! This is easily the best communication of any kickstarter i have seen. Looking forward to seeing the videos the guys at CES are putting together once its ready. @Ivan Thanks as always for the update, and I'm massively on board with the Beta tester lottery for a GITD model! @Larry. I am in PA as well. Maybe it will be "s'warm" in June here. Sorry that was bad. :) @mateus : where will you post the interview? @Mateus Reppucci Vaz de Lima (Awesome name :-) ) Looking out to that interview! Let us know when you've published it! Just had a look at Zano here at CES, it looks awesome!! Keep the good work guys!! Did a interview with them, will publish it in a few hours!! @Mark T - remember that Zano is still a prototype. A work in progress. The other drones at CES are finished products. That's why this is a Kickstarter. Having followed all the comments on here from the beginning, and having (many years ago) worked as a development engineer, I have complete confidence in Ivan and his team's ability to complete this project, and probably even by the planned delivery date. I can also understand any reluctance to do a public display of a pre production prototype which will still have teething troubles. But have faith in Saint Ivan. He can and will produce what we're all waiting for. @Aziz Ahmed battery life on range extender should be same at max range as cellphone at 30m. Distance isn't as important a factor as signal strength. spreadsheet with comments is updated <url># Congratulations on meeting the £2 million mark! Very excited about this project. I convinced my colleague to get one earlier too so look forward to testing out a micro swarm! :) @Shaun Parsons: yeah your right, i had an idea of some kind of spherical collapsible Styrofoam shield which when zano falls uncontrollable or is caught in a gust of wind would open up enclose zano and act as a bouy as a whole with zano. @Creator - how much does the rgb display weigh? I think that it would probably not be needed for many standard type photography missions and, if there was a worthwhile weight saving, it would extend flying time (by how much, do you think?). @Bosco The ultra sound distance measurement would suffer hugely with the plastic film in the way. The IR obstacle avoidance sensors would also have to cope with the additional cross talk (reflections), and changing the battery would be prevented. The micro USB charging port would probably also be a point to keep unobscured. @Creator How far can the IR LEDS transmit? @Ivan: Would it be possible to laminate zano with a transparent sheet of plastic. maybe blow dry two sheets of plastic around the body (fuselage leaving the frame arms) for it to seal along the seams? Late to the party, but adding my huge congratulations to @Creator and all of Team Zano! Here's to "swarming" to the next level of 2.5 million. @creator thank you for responding to my question Ivan! I have sent an email off as suggested! Cheers KS backer #2576 45 hours to go, can't wait to get my hands on this! How much do you need to increase your pledge if you want a Zanofuel stick added to your order? @DAETHSTAR: the GPS is accurate to +- 1meter tolerance Can anyone remind me how accurate the GPS will be on it's own? Basically, if I set a waypoint one day, left, and came back the next day, Would ZANO be able to find the exact location? Good evening ZANOfans. Firstly, a huge congratulations to Ivan, Reece and the entire ZANO team on reaching and passing the TWO million pound goal. That is testament to the gard work and effort you've all put in. ZANO is a fantastic looking product and a Kickstarter phenomenon. My hat is off to you all. So, what's next for ZANO? I have been thinking up designs for different zano shells. Can't wait to start modeling some. @creator congratulations. Can we go for 3million waterproofing? I inquired with liquipel if they can do it but no answer yet. @Peter Mulholland here I am. :) @peter he's friends with Ron :-) Wow, so glad to see this project hit it's final stretch goal! It prompted me to up my pledge so I can get a second Camo Zano to swarm with the first. It's going to be a long wait until June!!! @Oliver you will be able to buy a case from the Zano website post launch. Or another option is @Ivan will shortly be adding a list of add ons (spare batteries etc), if a case is on there you just need to increase your pledge by the correct amount, then when they survey at the end you would say what your extra money was for (in your case, a case!) Hope that helps and is clear. @Ratio congratulations on your good luck and welcome :) @Mark T Who is Matt? :P Can I buy a case for the Zano seperatly or do I need to increase my pledge? Hi guys, just got notifications from Bloomberg to say that Drones are the main focus at the CES at the moment. Can I buy a case for the Zano seperatly or do I need to increase my pledge? @Peter Mulholland, @Doug Conran: thanks a lot for your answers. I'm just concerned because the increased pledge cannot be related and counted belonging to a limited edition and therefore I'll not get that one. But yes, I remember Ivan telling time ago that they will try their best to find a solution so I'm looking forward to get the LE finally. Hey all, Been lurking for a week or so (late to this party) Someone moved from SUPER EARLY BIRD FIRST EDITION ... :-) so I jumped in ;-) Delivery in time for my summer holiday- result @ben just read your reply to my earlier comment about colour. I wouldn't necessarily like gloss, but the metallic red in the pics looked lovely. I'm not too sure about a matt red, think I'd rather have a black one if it were Matt!! Decisions decisions! @Doug - you clearly don't understand how wedding anniversaries work. @Larry - Never mind the lawmakers, when I've fitted the steel propellors and perfected the inverted low flying technique we can be lawn makers. And I think you need to see a shrink. Doh! @creator wow well done on beating the 2 million. Amazing feat!! @Creator - I've been very impressed with the way you have run your Kickstarter. I really think that your commitment to continued and open development of the product and platform, with the API, the SDK, modular components, community spirit, open mindedness and enthusiasm for your product. And because of that, and also because you've got to the Swarming stretch, I've added another Zano to my pledge. Anyway, great work! Looking forward to the forum, and I'd suggest a WiKi might be useful too - considering how keen the community is to help, I imagine there would very quickly be a lot of content created by the enthusiasts I've been chatting to here for the past couple of weeks, it would be great to start really extracting and tracking all the great ideas already touted. Best of luck for the last couple of days, and PLEASE don't let us distract you from the rather critical task you have at hand right now!!!!! @Andreas Vogal - Once you have made your initial pledge (which would have included a shipping charge) if you want to add additional Zanos just up your pledge by the amount of the additional reward that you want but do not add any further shipping charge. Eg if you have pledged £199 (£189 + £10 for shipping) for a limited edition red and would also like a GITD, just add £215 to your original pledge. @John I believe £25 for the standard case (but don't quote me on that) @Andreas Not a stupid question you have it exactly right. Increase your pledge to cover the amount of your chosen second Zano (and remember you only need one postage charge). Then at the survey at the end the team will ask what you want to do with your extra pledge money. If they are "sold out" the team have a small number of "spares" to fulfil all orders, and @Ivan has said they will do their absolute utmost to ensure everyone gets exactly what they want. He even mentioned talking to people if they want to swap out (for example I have an LE Red at the minute, but if asked by the team I would be happy to accept the Black (as long as I still got the LE case and ZanoFuel)). Hope that helps. @Larry - GET SOME SLEEP! Fantastic achievement to surpass the 2 million pound mark!! Great product and great people and communication will make this the benchmark for all others to strive towards. Congratulations again!! Who remember how much is gonna be after campaign to purchase a clam shell zipper? 2.5 million would be 3000% of the initial funding target. There's a goal to aim for! Having looked at the Kickstarter year in review yesterday, it would be nice to see where in the world all of the Zano backers are located (one the backer surveys are complete of course). Maybe a stupid question, but in case I would like to back an additional Zano can I just increase my pledge by the price of the additional one? What's about if the additional one is one of a limited edition, e.g. a GITD one? In that case my increased pledge will not be counted as being part of the limited offer. Or can I just order an additional one at the time of the survey? But then I might not be able to get one of a limited edition.... Woohoo!!! Congrats!!! @ZANO: I think we can congrat you, you did a blasting founding with this project, respect! I've read the most comments I could, and this is really great and fun too! You've do it all right, this isn't your first KS, it seems. If not, double respect, this is the most informative KS I've been on... I'm getting more and more excited about it!! Looks like ZANO is going to be the reference, no doubt about this! Wish you all the best for the rest of this campaign! £2m! Well done, you deserve the success. @Dooley SDK stands for Software Development Kit and is what developers use to make all the lovely apps and software we will be able to use with the Zano Massive well done to the whole team that have developed such a fantastic product and for really understanding and responding to every backers questions and suggestions. I think everyone would agree this really makes a change from the majority of kickstarter projects and sets a real benchmark. @Doug Gee waiting all year only to have fog. I'd actually wondered about the Henge. If it signaled the equinox, how'd they know what day to GO THERE, And if it was foggy, did they check a sheep's entrails as a backup plan? (Druid says "Oh, crap it says meet at the DEW Drop Inn on June 22. Louie, check your Blackberry!" *Louie pulls out a real Blackberry*) Congratulation! What's SDK mean? Woohoo £2M well done everyone, looking forward to swarming :) Congratulations, guys i,m so happy about it, god this will be an freaking awesome drone. The possibilitys are endless. Will the range extender be ready with the drone so that i can receive booth in one package ? Greetz from germany and have a great day. :D Thanks @Ivan and congratulations again. Looking forward to the forum going live (although that is just another thing to keep an eye on...) Ivan joined the fray. Can't wait for the forum! Congratulations with the campaign! @Larry et al -I went to a summer solstice at Stone Henge once in my distant youth. The druids all gather before dawn and blow horns at the moment that the sun rises above the horizon. Trouble was that, on that particular day, it was quite foggy and so no sun. They tried blowing the horns for a second time but without any real success and so all went home. I reckon we can help them out such that when they blow their horns a swarm of Zanos, all with their rgb displays on, rise from the earth. What do you think? @Simon Isn't Stone Henge related to fertility/ (evil grin)... Tell me that's not romantic! @Brogan Are you sure thats correct, including all the twin packs and family packs? There is also a large number of people who have just increased there pledge amount and will be selecting their second (third, fourth etc...) Zano during the survey. Reckon its probably a bit higher than that @Mura 2Doug @Peter I finally understood one of your posts! COOL! I don't HAVE bad ideas (g) I wonder if we can get the UPS guys to wear robes like Druids. I used to help on a UPS truck so "I know people" LOL I DO love the scene as you've pictured it. I'd only add that after rising from the mists, the Zanos would *rush* the crowd about knee high..... Then when absolutely noone is hurt, we'd go to the lawmakers and SHOW them that Zanos are harmless. @Brogan T - ah but don't forget those that pledged for one Zano and then added to their pledge for additional ones (I've added 2). ZANO order count= 10,727 .... ( that is at 10,494 Backers , at 8:40 PST) @Simon - (1) I assume that its your wedding anniversary as well (lol). (2) No problem, after we've surprised the druids we can wish your wife happy anniversary using the rgb display. Congrats on crossing the 2 million pounds mark...Next Stretch Goal? There is still time... @Doug - that would be great, but it's my wife's wedding anniversary so I'd be in a lot of trouble. Given the typical exponential growth of KS projects, and CES kicking off (as well as the 48hour reminder already mentioned)... I would not be shocked to see it hit 3mil. That would be insane.. However even at 2.5mil it would break into the top 10 KS projects!! (= 3.78mil USD) @Peter M, @Creators - You know what, that could be a very good suggestion. All UK backers gather at Stonehenge on summer solstice day and give the druids a surprise. @Doug. Hmmm fair point, can't even hide behind my user name or profile picture.... (I'm the one on the left if anyone has wondered...) @Larry Yes the wait is going to be tricky, however I will still be on here answering any questions and helping out how I can. Also how cool would it look, picture this: dawn of delivery day at Stonehenge. The sun creeps over the horizon, as the light gently caresses the top stones a buzzing is heard, and 12,000 Zano's (estimate) erupt vertically from the circle. That would be a sight to see! @Peter M - I hope your boss is not a Zano backer (or, at least, I hope he is but not a contributor to the comments). Holy crap I looked away and it passed 2m! Congrats to @Creator! Can't wait for swarming now! @Larry You're going to need some form of montage... @Paul no my friend, you select the window with the comments in as you will be scrolling on that, then select a word document or something else that looks like work over the top. Then you can quickly switch windows using Alt + Tab (Im a pro at this..) Champagne. Bravo les concepteur. Preuve que c'était une super idée. @ Peter Mulholland - Brilliant! but then that is two windows to close down when the boss decides to interrupt my much more important viewing of ZANO taking over Kickstarter!! My working hours ended about 30 minutes ago but i'm still in the office. This is so exciting. Gonna leave now for my way home but will follow everything on my iPhone with the Kickstarter app :-) How Many Zanos sold? As of last night 10pm PST at 10,253 backers I counted 10,905 Zanos ordered. Wow @Holger - 2 zano's for 1 if it keeps going up at this rate? @Peter @Tuxzek It was a Herculean effort to curb the adrenaline, but now I have ~145 days to get my cats in training (ala Rocky II). Well, I honestly do need a break. No chance to sleep so I'll watch some world news and see what's burning today. Safe bet that SOMETHING is. Now the hard part begins - the wait. Let's all get together on Zano's Eve - maybe at Stone Henge (lol). See you soon. LJG @Peter M - brilliant solution! Thanks It's time for a final stretch goal... @Doug Open to browser windows, divide your screen with them (or one in each if you have two screens) and you can watch both! @Creators Stand back! Here comes the tidal wave of CES Las Vegas backers, and 2.5M pounds of Kickstarter backing. Agreed @Doug A colleague of mine backed for the ZANO - let's swarm in June :-D @Mark yes good shout. Everyone will have got their 48 reminder, seen how amazing it is and jumped on board. Aargh. I don't know what to watch, the numbers clicking up or the comments coming in all the time. Glad I'm retired and don't have to convince a boss (other than my wife!) that I'm working Congrats with this fantastic milestone! Nicely done @Holger I reckon this sudden surge is a result of two things coming together: 1) the 48 hour reminder that the KS is coming to an end for those that may have initially registered for a reminder; 2) CES opening! @all - I don't know about swarmming, but there will be a fair few zano's in the sky's come June... @Holgar - CES must have opened. Look at the huge amount of backers coming in. What's going on here? Congratulations Ivan and team. Swarming here we come! @All Do we reckon someone just placed bulk order for like 50 Zano's as they like the order of having them as waiters? Or perhaps someone ordered like 300 as they want to attach them to a seat and fly themselves round... @Larry hah i like it - "Unleash the cats!" @Larry LOL and how are your eyes. Must have been a power nap ;) @Steven McArdle I recon the Zano Kickstarter campaign is going to close with about 2.4 - 2.5 million pounds of backing. Bloody work and bosses getting in the way of my fun! @Paul McClave - the Anura comment wasn't suggesting that others should leave just that that backer was cancelling and switching to Zano. But, I tell you, although this is my first KS pledge I've followed 'The Pocket Drone', 'Airdog' and 'Anura' on kickstarter and all of them started off with enthusiastic backers who then became disillusioned because of lack of feedback from their creators. Every one of them, that is, apart from Torquing Group and Zano and that is why its hit this latest milestone. @Ivan: you don't need to silently hope to surpass 2m, you can shout it out:) Congrats to Team Zano and all the backers heeHee Demitri thought that it did video... (just kiddin) Congrats ....Acheived the seemingly impossible goal... Shame on you @Peter Mulholland for missing the 2M :-) Well finally 2 million. Anyone wanna play a new guessing game. What will the final backed total be. 47 hours and counting. And then the excitement begins Only 145 days to wait till june!!!!!! But also, MASSIVE CONGRATULATIONS to everyone one on team Zano, all the other companies they use and every single backers, especially the over-active ;) ones in the community. Congrats!!! I agree that it is not only an excellent product but outstanding communication. Those together kept the interest up and made us all feel like part of the team. @Peter LOL! FFS I missed it. Boss came and spoke to me :/ IT"S OVER!!!!! Congrats on reaching £2 mil guys!! That counter sure keeps going. Will 2.5mil be achievable?? :) Hi All! I'm backer 2mil ;) Congrats team Zano on a massive milestone! Good luck at CES! Super psyched to be a part of this! BTW - do you have any more samples of the video quality from the Zano itself? How does it compare to e.g. a 1st gen Gopro Hero HD or similar camera? *** Congratulations for crossing the 2M line! *** @Doug @Peter Obstacle avoidance me 'Arse. We have 4 cats. I want to see how many I have to unleash before it's downed. Congratulations ZANO!!! Grats on the £2M guys!! cant wait now until June.... Jeez! that shot up at the last moment. I was out by 2 minutes according to my computer clock. Oh aan @Team Zano - congratulations yet again on a truly stunning Kickstarter campaign. I think that you can gather from many of the comments here that the roaring success that you've had is largely down to your incredible dedication to responding to backers (and a brilliant product, of course!) Congratulations! Next stop bus £2500000 :-) Haha, I like that Bosco. I'll delve into my fridge. ;) Congratulations Zano on not only reaching £2m (Boom!) but also running the single most impressively managed Kickstarter to date! You are the benchmark for others to follow. Looking forward to the next stage of the journey and I have a sense of comfort knowing we'll be with you every step of the way! Party time :-) Woohoo!!!! Lets have an online party!!! BYOB *fireworks* *cheers* congrats with 2M! @ Doug Conran. I didn't feel it was right to tell people to leave another project. I am sure the creator tried his best, just wasn't a match for Torquing Group! BOOOOOOOOOOM!!!! Let's swarm Omg! That just jumped to 2mil in like an instant! Congratulations ZanoTeam and all backers!! Congratulations! 2mio!!! Cool. 2mil. Congratulations :) Boom! 2M! =) @ Doug Conran, Unfortunately I cant take credit for telling you about ZANO. Ivan and all the team ... congratulations on attaining the most incredible fund raising target of £2 million ... proud of you! passed :-) Congratulations on reaching the £2,000,000 goal! And if you can deliver a quality product by your June target date you will have accomplished what virtually no other Kickstarter project has achieved. Wishing you continued success. Backer #769 @Creators Congratulations Torquing Group, 2 MILLION! Reaching the 2 Million Pound stretch goal is a truly impressive achievement, and based on the interaction I have seen from Ivan, in this comments section, I have full confidence that the Zano team will deliver the Zano we are all hoping to receive in a few months from now. An amazing effort. Well done and good luck. I am so very pleased to be part of the Kickstarter Zano community. £2M!!!!!!! £1,999,007 @all I recon the Zano Kickstarter campaign is going to close with about 2.4 - 2.5 million pounds of backing. Ya, I can see how the Camo would be more stealthy to find. However that big bright RGB panel should do the trick regardless of color. @Larry: That's a good point. :P @Doug: Indeed, the poll doesn't match the pledge! :) @Doug @Larry *SMH* I can see the youtube videos now - "Zano versus .50cal - which is faster?" Tsk. Ah, but @Larry, its got obstacle avoidance! @Larry HAHAHAHA RE Camo - I live in a forest in Penna and didn't want mine to get SHOT. @TimZ46 - what I find baffling is that the GITD came out well ahead in the poll and yet has sold only half of the reds. @Walter: Most consumers just got to CES. I'm sure many will check out this project once they get home. :) @TimeZ46 I think Zano'ers are afraid of loosing their camo Zano ;o) @TimZ46 Personally I've never been a fan of camo, unless its actually on a soldier I just don't see the point but that's personal opinion. I think there may be a fair amount of people wanting different colours so they don't lose it! @Walter D - based on yesterday it will. Its just that. by then we'll be past the £2M mark. For me ZANO is the most exciting device since OUYA :-) I wonder why the Red Zano is so much more popular than the Camo Zano. Is it the price difference? The Camo to "millitary"? Curious what people think about that. @everyone sooo close! I really thought CES would give this campaign a massive boost. Hmmm I feel sorry for @Ivan, going to take him a while to go through all of these comments... @CanadianCoffee Aaahhh I see. Well I came across the project thanks to @Paul McClave just before Xmas others in the house chuckled I guess he'd been goin on a while to them about zano. Well they may have laughed but we will be the ones laughin when we have these amazing gadgets lol I spent my xmas looking at videos and comment of all of us backers lol changed my mind and my order few times tho. Happy now with my LE red. Thanks Paul @Peter: Not taken as a complaint. Was just wondering thoughts I had regarding what you said. :) @John,@Peter - actually I was saying my first one was called "the Coolest". Largest funded in history. But I can see why the statement is confusing due to the coolness of this one! :) @Holger Thanks for the Yahoo site but that article really turns me offf. couldn't/wouldn't even read it all Makes it look shallow and self(ie) possessed. Wretch. This thing is so much more. I'll stop now. @All Imagine if it just dropped off now and there were no new backers until the morning... £1.443 left! @TimZ46 Oh it wasn't a complaint - I've enjoyed watching all the goings on, and very glad I decided to take part. Not just backing the project but actually getting involved with the comments and helping out @Paul McClave - If yours was the comment on the Anura site then I owe you a beer @CanadianCoffee - I also just found the project by chance & also my first kiskstarter @CandaianCoffee Yeah my first two, and glad it is - hell of a project/community to be a part of! Bizarrely there is a super early bird black available at the moment if anyone fancies it. All the reds are gone now (hope I can still have the red I additionally pledged for). @Stefan Summed it up nicely *inserts Fry from Futurama meme image* "Shut up and take my money" (wonder how many people will understand that...) @Doug Conran - I found Zano similar to Stefan Sluiman...just browsing through. First Kickstarter for me was the Coolest. Guess I make sure I back the big ones! @Larry hahahah. Probably good we can't sell blood in England - I would've been looking pasty for a while... I discovered this project through a post at a RC heli site I visit daily. Clicked the link and ended up here. The rest is history. :) @ Doug Conran. I had also backed the Anura Project, then I saw ZANO when it first got added. I asked Ivan a few questions and decided straight away that ZANO was going to be a real special project and so much more than a small pocket drone that Anura was offering. I guess 2 million will be at 16:54 I reckon two million at 16:48 or 17:18 Amazing to see how this kickstarter has gone on,and especially over last week. Thanks to everyone for their comments and can't wait for the forums and of course our all beloved new gadget come June Go team Zano and of course all of us backers!!!!! £2.676 left! Guess my 15:32 guess was wishful thinking so i would only be 2 min late for my meeting. Glad the meeting ended early, but have another in 10 min. Hurry up people! :) Re finding here - I'm pleading Divine intervention. (Kinda like my wife's first pregnancy) I'd never been here. Never heard of it but had heard of indgogo. I don't honestly KNOW how I even found the site let alone Zano. Shrug. I MIGHT have been sleep walking... Beats me, but glad I found it. Just received via Twitter: ZANO on Yahoo finance: <url>"Please take my money!!" :-) @Logan Scrounging funds?? You mean we have to PAY for these????? It won't be out for 6 months, I can sell blood till then. @Peter I know what you mean... I haven't done a jot all afternoon waiting for the £2M... @Doug I was bored at work (recurring them, and where I will use my Zano a lot to amuse me I feel...) and decided to have a browse through this website 'Kickstarter' I had heard about. Found this, had always wanted a drone. Read through every single comment (around 2000 at that point, although haven't missed one since) and decided I'd be stupid not to back it. Started with a basic black, then released I wanted a case so upgraded to the LE black, then released I wanted a ZanoFuel so upgraded to Red. @TimZ46 @Larry Right there with you buddy. Have this open in one screen while "working" in the office. Brief interruption on my ten minute commute home, have it open on my laptop during the evening, some sleep, quick check in the morning, 10 minute commute then I'm back at work. And always have the option of checking on my phone.... Yes yes I know, get a life *hangs head in shame* I'm backer no #3848, so fairly far down the list (although not as far as those backing now!). Maybe more to the point - how did you all come to find the Zano project in the first place? For me, I was watching the Anura KS project, mostly reading all of the complaints about lack of communication and some blessed soul mentioned that he was switching to Zano. From there it was easy. @Larry I waited so long because I was still scrounging up funds. :) @Peter Thanks, glad to be part of the family/clan/cult LOL. @Timz46 Don't try to figure it out - it'll give you a headache. In broad brushstrokes I'm here until I face plant on the keyboard. After gaining consciousness, I wash my face and return. Repeat. @miguel no, night vision will come later through www.flyzano.com, the camera module is too expensive for now Welcome to the new backers! Only 4k to go. Ahem, 10:30 has passed.... Damnit Larry, I do NOT understand your sleeping habits. Do you only take powernaps. :D @Miguel It won't come standard, but they will support many cameras - some of which will be more expensive than others. @randy alexander too bad: LE GITD (#1 backer!) and added LE RED Welcome to the family/clan/cult @Logan - you'll have to excuse us all, we've gone a bit inZano recently... @Logan Welcome, but what TOOK you so long LOL. An SDK is going out and a developers forum will be up. I don't know why people would be developers WITHOUT being able to charge for their work. Maybe altruism.....Naw that's not it. Will Zano come with night vision? @canadiancoffee thx I finally backed! I've been watching this project since it started, and knew I really wanted one. Excited to get my Zano! Also, @Creator you mentioned in the FAQ a "Zano app store". Will developers be able to charge for their apps? I plan to develop several apps for Zano. Will the SDK include IR LED control? Has anyone thought about Zano for 3d mesh creation from 2d photos, similar to 123D Catch? I would love that to be a thing, but I don't have the experience to code it. Glad to be a part of this project! Also, @Mark that would be hilarious. :) @Mark Penders THAT my man, is hysterical! His heart would stop on the spot. @ Mark - did you back a Black LE? If yes - then yes, please cancel your pledge! HA I say 2 mil at 16:54 (local time) that's 30 mins from now. Hah feel free @Mark but Im holding on to my LE Red thank you very much! :P Hmm, I feel my guess may have been a touch off... Shall we prank them by cancelling our pledges collectively? @Creator's not following us .... (Oh noo!) @Peter Mulholland. 2M in less than 30 minutes... @Larry Hot, bothered and missing out all the fun. I predict 17:30GMT @Holger I believe that the Zano already has a speaker - so you don't need to wait for Zano 2.0 for that. @Peter M SEE what that healthy stuff will get you!!!! Bloomin' 'eck! Went for an hours walk and there's only £6211 to go! Thats roughly 40 Zanos! @Creator: *makes puppy eyes* OOPS I forgot to push the guilt button @Creator, and it's not like we haven't HELPED or anything.... @Holger's lottery - I love it. It might draw a crowd for the big event. 2M@ 10:48 EST 15:48 GMT @Holger I'm not sure my heart could stand up to the excitement of a free Zano lottery ;o) @Creator: What about a lottery for all the backers here? And the price for the winner is an additional ZANO GITD in the last minute of this fantastic campaign. That would be very exciting for everybody. What do you think? @Larry - guessing 15:32 GMT (10:32 EST) @Ken thanks for the info and the link. @Larry: Fantastic idea! It would be like playing a Star Wars game with real, but tiny air crafts. :-) @Holger I'd like a target or something with which to play laser tag between zanos. Hello ZANOfans. Not sure if this has been posted before, but I've just spotted Zano on the STUFF website. More free advertising. <url>#9266 is? (Spells Zano) @Larry I guess in less than 90 minutes My suggestions for the ZANO 2.0: (don't take that too serious) ;-) - humiditymeter - laser thermometer - 3D camera - OLED display with 1024x1024px instead of the 8x8 LED matrix - small speaker to stream music or voice to the ZANO @all anyone want to venture a guess as to what time the site will roll over the 2M point? #825 My backer # is unexciting # 3446. Doesn't even spell anything interesting on a phone keypad. How many zanos and meters of nylon strings to lift a human of 60kg to 2meter high for 50m distance? (OK I know it seems crazy/costly but I'm still waiting for a lady gaga coming on stage dropped by drones, that would be impressive) @David Russell - as @Ben mentions below, "You need to be on the desktop site and go to your profile and click backer history, then click on the blue circle with the White cross in it next to the project you want to find the backer number for." Where do you find backer number? Thinking about it, you should probably label the warning section of instructions for Zano, "Nono's for Zanos" :) @creator, Ivan, thanks for the update. 30g is impressive considering the Zano`s weight. That's good lifting. Look forward to seeing the prod model in action. @Peter, re the old logo turtle showing my age. ;) @Mark, I forgot about the be gps coords that will be fun. Still looking forward to what the SDK gives us, customisation is part of the fun. Once information on the beacon is ready I would be very interested in the details. Backer #9911 @Larry: I am German, but i think they are British. Their country is called the United Kingdom or Great Britain departed in (Wales, Scotland, England and Ireland). Am i right? :-) I know it's been mentioned a few times that Zano should be treated similar to a phone, especially around water/in the rain. Curious how vulnerable it would be/how careful you'd need to be at the beach (on the sand, not near the water)? Could it land on the sand, or would that be a no-no? @Matt Think you may have solved it! @Matthew, Thank you! A weebit OT @Ken (or anyone) Help educate me, please. I know they are in Wales, and Wales is in the United Kingdom, so are all the countries in the UK considered "British". Would you refer to a Scotchman a Brit? @ Randy Alexander I think the reason your backer number is higher than the current number of pledges is that some people will have pulled out after their initial pledge for what ever reason. So your backer number is the next sequential number and the number of backers is the number of people still signed up. Hope that makes sense. @Randy Hah dont risk it! This user's account has been deleted. I was going to change my pledge to see if there was a change in my backer #, but the red LE that I selected is now all gone and I am fearful I wouldn't be able to change back to my original red LE. Possibly number keeps getting incremented when people change orders resulting in some numbers getting abandoned @Randy Hmmm fair enough. Not sure why it wouldn't be accurate, and if it isnt what is that number? Oh well, just a bit of fun anyway - makes no difference to anything. @Joakim: I think we need no more stretch goals until the end of this campaign. The estimated final goal will be around 2,100,000 GBP. @ Peter - I don't think that backer # corresponds to the number of backers (perhaps non unique backers). My backer # is 10,544, and at this moment, there are "only" 10,366 backers. I am pretty sure I was either backer # 10,000 or 10,001. Once I backed, I received a message saying "You and 10,000 other people supported this project". Perhaps there is another method to accurately tie in backer # with the number of backers, as indicated on the campaign Congrats to a great project and with responsible and communicating owners. Looking forward to follow process after the founding is done. Any more stretch goals in the sleeves? #1710 Hi..and congratulations...only 20130 Pounds missing. Just zwo other Questions: Will it be possible to add a Zano and Own Logo within the ZANO Image Editing Suite? So it woud be very easy to upload Videos/Pictures to my Homepage. and I love Blueprints of cool Stuff (like Millenum Falcon as a Star Wars Fan), Is it possible to release a Blueprint of this little lovely friend? So I can hang it im my Office ...and know...only 6 Month to wait ;o) Thanks to all.... Less than £20,000 to go folks (£19,115 to be precise!) @Holger no problem. @Ken no we've not found them yet. Highly likely its a family or friends of one of the team I'd guess. Wife. Would be in real trouble if she saw autocorrect changed to wide. @ksc1333 yes they are now providing charger. Hopefully there is still enough interest in chafing multiple batteries at once or I will be in a lot of trouble with my wide. Thank you @Peter Mulholland - i found my #719 :-) Never mind my previous post. Both wrong name and someone already answered! @creator, " Regarding a dock for the battery, yes a charger will be provided to allow charging of the spare battery with all Zano’s." --- do u mean the pledge will include a charger for the battery? Something like hexacharger? But instead of charging 6 batteries at a time, the charger provided will charge only one battery? If charger is provided, it will be great as we do not need to charge the battery with the Zano. We can fly/task the Zano while charging the spare battery! Correct me if I'm wrong. Thank you. @Michael L Wellbaum Regarding your back number. Please see Ben's post a few minutes before yours. @Peter I know it doesn't matter really. To be a part of such an exciting and interactive project is enough. Although, number 1 would be nice. Do we know who has it? #1584 glad androids have request desktop option. @Holger You need to be on the desktop site, click on the link in the top right hand corner and go to your profile, click backer history, then click on the blue circle with the white cross in it next to the project you want to find the backer number for. @Boris, yes Zano has a loudspeaker. @ Holger: just click at the top of the website on "me" > Backer History and if you click on the + behind the Zano project you'll see your number. You know what @Ken? It doesn't matter what number you are, we're all equal parts of this amazing project. Except for #1..... @mark T - unless I have missed an update since last time this was mentioned, all ZANOs will have a matt finish as earlier on in the project the majority of people wanted a matt finish over gloss. Hey guys where can i see my backer #? Does Zano have a loudspeaker onboard to be able to talk? :) Maybe someone answered this question earlier but what company/organization will our credit card pledges be applied. I will need to contact my credit card company to tell them to approve my pledge since it will be out-of-country. Fraud protection thing! Oh dear, I'm afraid I'm a lowly #4957. @creators any news on my idea regarding those who purchase the LE getting the higher capacity battery as part of the LE deal? Also the LE red, I think I read something about that metallic red not being the actual red colour, it will be a more Matt/flat red...... I hope not though as the metallic effect on the case and Zano is what made me pledge for that colour.... It looks more 'special' in a metallic colour!! Hi @ken, You need to be on the desktop site and go to your profile and click backer history, then click on the blue circle with the White cross in it next to the project you want to find the backer number for. The number will only change if you cancel your pledge and then decide to re pledge again as far as I am aware. Good day fellow ZANOfans. How are we doing today? The excitement is building as we're only £25000 away from the next stretch goal. I've seen a few ZANOfans quoting their sign up number. How do you find this out? And would it have changed if you have changed your pledge at a later date? @Ivan and the Torquing Group team. I know you put a break even point of £125,000 as your initial goal. But, in all honesty, what did you think would be achievable? In your wildest dreams did you think the project would turn out to be successful and popular as it has? Anyway, I'd like to pass on my congratulations (again) to the whole team. It is so amazing to be a very small part of this British Kickstarter project. Ken. (no.????) @Ivan: Thank you once again for reading through our comments and replying to them! It's something to look forward to each morning and evening. Goodnight Larry, you deserved it. :P @Larry sleep well! @All Well, it was good to hear the latest, and seem like a good time to close my eyes for a bit (they keep leaking blood). Less than 25K for the 2M historical marker! Be well and BBS. LJG Was there really 345 comments on the same day I posted my 345 th comment? @Mark Penders building mapping could be accurately done with a constant video feed and zano recording it's movements as best as possible. The 2 could be combined to compute exact 3d location of everything in video feed and then generate a 3d model of the object. Will be extremely accurate of building with no occupants and with the right algerithms could do a decent job remove items from the model that are moving around. Would it be possible to stitch photo/video from a Zano flying through a house or down a street and then post process it to create something that can be manually manipulated on a computer afterwards. Kind of like a mashup of Google street and photosynth. Just a thought (which makes more sense in my head) AHAHAHAHAH @Mark Amazing. Can totally see what you mean! @ivan in the youtube-video i saw one of the prototypes in close-up. It had the usb-port such that Zano looked "unhappy". If you can still turn the port, it will look happier. Just a thought. @Creator thanks Ivan, yes the internal positioning beacons sound like just the job. Glad the ethical stance chimes, I am keen to see this advanced, so if you want any help with that I'd be happy to pitch in. All the best! @Peter Mulholland, oh yes, thanks for the explanation! @Kai-Chih Peng Yes you are correct, the difference is in the materials, GITD is more costly, as is Camo. Nice One! I didn't realise that the zano fuel was for the limited edition only, makes me happier I've switched to camo. @Doug Conran, I pledged the GITD version before the red zano came out, which is few bucks cheaper. I suppose both versions are exactly the same except the color. Maybe the materials for GITD version are costlier? @Ivan RE Photos of production units/shells - perfect answer thank you. Look forward to seeing them @Tuxzek great video link thanks! Ahh, didn't realise that @Peter... Awesome. Thanks for the links to the pictures @Dom & @Terry, good to see some close ups but everyone must remember that definitely isn't the finished product and it will be much refined from that. Can't wait to see it. I wonder if @Creator can give us a rough estimate of when we will some close up photos of the finished production unit? I know it was mentioned before they were looking to receive them mid January. @Tuxzek Ah I remember the logo turtles, thats a blast from the past. @tuxzek following a path (based on gps coords) is already implemented. But loads of other stuff to program too, so don't let me stop you! @Bryan Yes you will have full FPV @bryan yes, that is implemented (FPV) Forgot to add part ofor the coding might use zano to fly to anot object and pick it up with a hook or something similar. Will require minor modification but that's just part of the fun. @Mark great and thanks. Zano is the right base and if its made modular like that it will be the goto uav of consumer choice. Apologies if it's been answered but does anyone know how much weight zano can comfortably lift. I am thinking of using the SDK to program the zano so it follows a path coded as a procedure. Similar to the logo turtles of old. Might need some coding to make it kid friendly but even aim is to teach programing to my kids. Hi, Will I be able to see on my tablet/phone screen what the zano camera is looking at at point in time, also I agree with Mark about the raw photo/video as the campaign nears an end. And someone made a vid with a decent batch of up close pictures. Palm Sized Zano Drone Zips Into CES 2015: <url>"pads" to get started. Am I wrong to assume a phone signal would be stronger? @Larry first, thanks for the vote of confidence! Second :), no need to worry on the house viz, we just need to keep a Zano in the house on sentry duty, it will spot a burglar with its infra red camera, raise the alarm with a live video feed to the police, and even chase them off! "Add in the accompanying video imagery too and you have an amazing explorable visualisation of a building. Great for architects, surveyors, house sellers, emergency services... many new possible applications open up..." including burglary. £29,674 to go! @Tuxzek yep, I am keen to get Zano to be able to explore and map its indoor environment and not have to rely on GPS to do it. From my previous experience (very very dated admittedly) having some fixed reference points for triangulation makes this process a lot easier, so having Zano location beacons that can be easily placed for nav assist, and maybe adding laser range distance finding to Zano would enable it to very accurately map an entire built environment in full 3D. Add in the accompanying video imagery too and you have an amazing explorable visualisation of a building. Great for architects, surveyors, house sellers, emergency services... many new possible applications open up... @Simon Chapple I think that that is an excellent idea, although the time available here (CES) where there is a huge population, is short. Maybe we could try for a people network that could then shift to the zano community forum - when it's developed. The more proactive we are the less we'll be under the thumb of low information legislators. I nominate you as "Fearless leader" (g) @Larry - I'd say your best bet is to see if you can get an old smartphone from someone who has upgraded recently. ZANO will smash through the 2 million GBP wall today - i'm sure about it and i feel lucky for the creators. Proud to be a part of this project and this community. @SC :) personal drones, "airables" are the next big thing - although I'd leave knife missiles firmly in Iain M Banks world... @Creator Seriously though, as with all cool tech there is a double edge. I know you have put a lot of thought into legislation, but ethical development of personal drones might be worth having a wee think about too... perhaps here with everyone on board as the campaign finishes, and the flyzano development community starts to get set-up, its maybe worth putting some thought into how the community can sign up to develop the Zano as an open platform as a force-for-good, we have already seen the telecare and emergency response type scenarios being suggested... there's also the issue of respecting other people's privacy - Zano will become an extremely powerful mobile sensor device, and I for one would like as much freedom to fly Zano where I want and have no intent on impinging on other's freedoms - a strong ethical statement out there by the Zano community may help future conversations with the legislators... what do others think? @all I've never even USED a smart phone, so I wonder of we could do an opinion poll as to which brands/kinds of devices might have the best range as a controller? I'm going to need to buy one, so that would be a HUGE help. Or maybe Creator would know how to handle that (I asked, and got an "I don't know: response.) Ideas? @ Mark， it is very interesting if we can control through 3G/LTE. Surely the zano can fly to anwhere which covered by the mobile network, but i think the WIFI connection ZANO is just fine for me Bonjour à tous. Au niveau du mode d'emploi, je suppose qu'il serat en plusieurs langues, avoir beaucoup de fonction super et pas savoir comment les mettre en oeuvre, pas super. Encore bon courage et bon boulot aux créateurs. Hello everyone. At the manual, I guess serat in several languages ​​have many great feature and not know how to implement them, not great. Again good luck and good job creators. @Simon - we have a special interest in drone development ;) @all Not too much movement over the last few hours. People must be at the slot machines (g).. @Mark thanks for collating the comments it is really helpful. @Simon Chappel some nice ideas there and I also want to use my Zane indoors a lot so indoor navigation is something that I want addressed. I am assuming with the sonars it shouldn't have any issues. A return to base/case feature would be great. @ Mark Heat mapping WiFi networks is a cool idea. @Creator How about adding a capability to measure (and document) wifi and other networks (like 2G/3G/4G, ...)? We (professionally) do this by carrying around laptops and phones, how cool would it be to just send out a few drones and quickly (heat)map a building or area? @Mark Yes, i did it - that's very helpful for finding keywords - many thanks! @Kai-Cheh Peng - all LE versions have the same accessories. Earlybirders had the opportunity to buy standard Zano at even more discounted prices. @Maurice Maui Kondo - yes the UV leds can be independently switched on and off. Please provide a dock to recharge the battery without Zano. @holger you can use the spreadsheet to find @ivans comments :-) Thanks @Paul, appreciate the acknowledgement. Really enjoy being a part of this and just happy to help out where I can. Good question @Roger as I had a LE Black and recently changed to LE Red, does this change the order in which they will be shipped @Ivan? @Holgar Amazingly I did, not been too productive at work recently... Great drone ! Got a GITD model. Question: May have been answered previously but can the GITD feature be turned ON - OFF on this model ? OMG! 345 comments on just one day. Who can read all that? Hard to find the replies from Ivan among all that... ;-) How do I upgrade to 800mAh battery ? Not 100% serious, but dreams are sweet: <url>’t change path. I wasn’t thinking about the hysteresis setting on the camera-path (POI-path), but now I do, I like the idea. Regarding the Following modes, that’s exactly what I mend. Some default modes witch can be customized to suit the user needs. Now we're on the subject, a few comments back I read about a follow me timelapse J. Please add that as well. Thanx @Jeff @Roger Maki, still there is the issue that the latecomers pay less?? hope the creator can address this... Just returned from hols and wow looks like the £2million is going to happen - I have more than doubled my pledge - fingers crossed! I see the Culture have dropped into the mix :) hello @Special - great to see the personal drone aspect is getting some attention... @Creator not sure about the power requirements but I'd be keen to see a pico projector plug-in for Zano - can have some neat fun indoors with that. Also want Zano to be able to communicate with home automation and IoT so it can open doors turn on/off lights etc. Does it need an extra wifi channel I wonder? Also in turns of navigating indoors where GPS lock could be problematic can we set-up a reference beacon for Zano so it can measure its relative location and so still find its way round a large building - perhaps add the reference beacon to its case where it can fly back to to auto recharge ;) Can we also get voice recognition since Zano has a mic? Enough moon on stick for now I think. Huge congratulations to the Zano team on a deservedly wildly successful campaign! Hope the first official day of CES brings it home... Haha was just googling it as well @special <url>"Regarding ZanoFuel. The LE cases all come with one but we will offer a different ZanoFuel as an add-on to this campaign or to purchase separately through www.flyzano.com later. We will contact you with the survey and provide a list of all the add-ons if you want any of them." Hi Mark: as noted below @Kai-Chin Peng he ask about the newly added Red reward level. I have not done the math but seems like some levels now include them Fuel stick that used to only for that earlier level? I hope it figures out to be that Early birds do get more value in their reward. Hang in there as you approach the 2mil mark Whoo Hoo! Hi guys the Find my Zano problem can be solved by having a LTE/GSM/GPRS module onboard. I know weight and space will be a concern but sierra wireless have a 15 x 18 mm module with SPI interface(it has an optional GPS/Glonass as well). Although the supporting circuitry weight would also play a role. @ivan any views on this? @caleb wong they've said that they have a small extra internal stock that they use to fulfil all demand, the actual LE numbers could therefore be slightly higher than mentioned at the various reward levels @Jeff Rentoule it certainly has the follow me function, timelapse ... not sure but I guess so @roger maki "£1,000,000 - All of the above. Plus ZANO Image Editing suite. Add image filters, music, text, voice recordings to your ZANO images and videos! Also we create the Custom LED Pixel Art creation suite. We will also make the ZANO SDK available upon launch! We will also have MicroSD ready firmware! (The hardware will already be on board!)" @roger yes it is, i think that was part of the 1M stretch goal @creator, Great Job everyone, -45k to 2 million maybe a lot more! Hope so! I'm wondering is the display programmable, As the more I look at it, I can see a smiley face look if you could put a smile on it. @caleb: 5,000 total. 1000 for black white red camo and GITD. Be awesome if it has time lapse and a shadow setting where you set it to an altitude and it follows you and takes a photo every 10 or so seconds or videos. Just imagine at a music festival or at the snow etc. Keen to see this develop over the yrs! ""We want to create a "Limited Edition" carry case to commemorate ZANO's launch on Kickstarter. This carry case is to be limited to 1000 pieces only, and will never be reproduced. This case will be made from premium quality materials and will include a docking station for your ZANOfuel charging stick as well as for a spare battery." - Reece Crowther" But now seems more than 1000 "limited" cases are being made. So actually how many are there now? @Kai-Chih Peng, If your talking about the extra batteries & props I think everyone now gets 2 batteries and 2 pairs of prop's, I 'm just about sure I read that a few day's ago but could be wrong? I've been gone a bit over 8 hrs. I thought it was about 400k less if so' Wow! Just about 2m goal! Curious as 10k+ so far Zanos, do those who pledge first get there's first? As I had the Black Limited(500) but a couple of days ago I switched it to Red Limited ,so am I on a longer wait list now? Also getting a GITD to, will I get them shipped together? Thank's for info on my Jet Ski question. why latecomers who pledge red version get more [accessories] while paying less? what does early bird policy mean then? Or I misunderstand something else? Will there be a way to be able to get this to follow us without our phone? i'm thinking r/c car, go-kart or motorbikes which isn't really practicable to mount a phone for positioning on. @ Matthew thank you @Mark S yes. Zano needs 1a. Hexacharger will run on anything as it self regulates. 5a needed for full speed though. @ Matthew, would this external battery charge the Zano <url>"split-brained and function very well without waking up Last time it happened I was in my son's appartmrnt in NYC and the people upstairs started to Jam on the bongos. I got dressed went up a flight of stairs, asked them to stop (which they did) and returned to bed without waking up. Joy told me about it the next day, Nite all. @Larry, you must be my age! Or about : o) @Larry: Are you talking to yourself through the comment section? Maybe you should take that nap. :) @Larry J. Geguzis there is no way to total it. My best guess is divide the total by 160 and round down. @creator If we reach 2.5M pounds ...Can we fit another stretch goal...??? :***** LOL, my wife was born in 1950... How can "Less than 50,000" sound small? @Erikor Exactly. Like Moi (g). My logic is good, but I got a D in algebra. I'm still not seeing an easy way to total it. @Larry J. Geguzis OT- 2nd period and Canada's winning 5-2 over Russia in the gold medal game. Get your confetti ready! ;) Approximately 12000 zano's and then there are those who added extra pledge to get another Zano :) Sure, there are numbers next to the rewards. Just add them all up. :) I can see how many backers there are, but can you tell how many zano's total have been purchased? @Timz Maybe just a tiny nap (lol) Red Zano's are sold out. People are gonna start nibbling on the camo's and gitd's now. @Larry: go to sleep! :)) I think I'll go and tear newspapers into little pieces. I think I just heard a hockey chant..... @Walter Sitting and watching the tally crawl is like watching paint dry. I'll bet it's slightly more fun for the Creators. (g) Off-topic...Go Canada Go at the World Junior Championship!! Holy surge Zanolites!!!! I'm predicting that this campaign will end @£2,545,243. This is amazing. Congrats @Ivan and the team. Looks like you guys are ready to kick ass at CES @Paul mclave Thanks for the acknowledgement. I suspect that the Creators know and appreciate every post. In a sense,, I think that they are about 60% responsible for the continued positive chatter. If they had ignored it (which I think is the normal practice) there wouldn't have been nearly as much chatter/discussion. They rewarded it, and it began like a little snowball at the top of a hill...... Nice to watch. Regarding beta test signup - the creator said if you get the Thank You message after submitting your info then they have stored your info. You will get no other communication until they have parsed and selected the beta testers based on the selection criteria. Yes that's quite expensive hmm. @Anders Öster forgot how expensive this stuff is. $54 us a bottle. My company oakbanktech.com can do it for you for $10+shipping but there may be cheaper lighter option out there. <url>Öster glad I can help. 3000 do I get an award lol. one more comment and 3000 after this @stefan, as long as you clicked submit that's fine. I think it comes up with a thank you for submitting your information notice. They are still collecting details so I would expect it to still be sometime before they announce who is on the list but I'm not certain. I'm backer #319. Pretty early on. :-) I'm wondering, I have signed up on the beta-tester program a few days ago, but haven't received any email (like a confirmation) or anything. Did something go wrong, or will we be notified later on whether we are selected or not? Thanks Matthew. <url>Öster waterproofing electronics is not to difficult. Just need thermal potting compound. @Ivan how about 3million stretch you give zano an ip67 rating Im backer #19. Which is funny because 19 is my lucky number. Backer #40 here! The support for ZANO is amazing. Also all the backers on here helping out with info is really great to see. A few that stand out have been @Peter, @Doug, @David, @Larry, @Mark, @Matthew, @Ben, @ Special Circumstances.....and that's just a few!!! I bet Ivan and the team could never have imagined how this group has developed. I won't be able to get two ZANOs yet, but I really want the final stretch goal to be reached. @Ivan, If I meet up with a friend with a ZANO, can they interact even though they are controlled by two different phones? Or would we have to enable one of our phones to link to both ZANOs? Good luck with smashing through the final stretch goal. @Mark @ Peter, I was either 10,000 or 10,001, but when I check with the method Mark indicates it shows 10,544. I think it would be quite interesting to see where from, 10,000 zanos will be lifted into the air in June. And who knows maybe in a city there are plenty enough to make a party or something. Easy way to reach 4000 comments too :) Mine will be hitting the sky in Thessaloniki, GREECE. Have any of you guys seen the kraftwerk project on here? It's a natural gas powered charger. It chargers an iPhone up 11 times. Hundred of comments below I brought up the thought of a zano with solar cells so we can fly it for a longer time during the summer and not need to rely on the battery and to switch to the battery if the sun is blocked by clouds etc. But how about a natural gas powered zano? Like this charger? Any thoughts? They say it only takes 3 seconds worth of natural gas to fill the charger up. You can charge any electric via usb. Or how bout having it on the case? I'm sure messing with gas could be dangerous and not safe for everyone. @Peter Mulholland I'm no. #3938 in terms of pledges. But I'm sure I was #1 who pledged for a GITD LE! Not a significant number but pretty early on, backer #158 @Peter Mulholland That would be good. Then I hope they can advice of adequate product to use. And I'm kayaking on open sea so it wouldn't be so good if Zano landed there if it wasn't immersible. @David Bloody hell half of those comments are probably mine by now... On that note I'm off to bed, will be back on tomorrow posting inane comments and hopefully answering some peoples questions. Good work team Zano! So I am backer #3072 for the Zano - wonder who has the signifiacnt numbers (e.g 1, 2, 3, 10, 100 etc). If you want to see click on your little profile button in the top right hand corner of the page, then click "Backer History" then click the green circle with the white cross in to open up more details about Zano, then under the Zano title is a number. Who was the first backer? nearing 3000 comments everyone lets go!!!!! Ha ha, it's not sad and I'm not looking on the bright side... I'm not ill or dying, just paralysed but I understand your comment :-) Doubt this version of zano will be eater proof but one thing you could do to land on water place tape where the top half and bottom half meet. Spray water repellent all over zano lol. Or maybe 3d print some sort of shield? And you could place some sort of tight rubber seal to avoid water going in. @Anders And I think the pontoons could be ok as long as you were sensible. Obviously trying to land it on the ocean (unless it was completely flat) or a fast moving river/rapids would be ill advised. However landing it on a lake, pond or slow moving river (or even a bath - im not here to judge ;) hah) should be fine. @Anders No worries. In one of his more recent comments I seem to remember @Ivan (or might have been one of the other backers) mentioning something about a special waterproofing spray you could apply yourself. As nice as it would be to have it fully waterproof it would have jacked the cost of individual units up to a point where it's just not affordable for most people, which is one of the key USPs of a Zano. I'm still AMAZED how Torquing Group Ltd is handling themselves. They LISTEN(better yet READ) what everyone has to say and reply. They go beyond their duty and actually make our ideas come to life with zano. What a great company. They will always have my support. I'm only pledging for 1 zano but will purchase more without a doubt. Hopefully I'll even be able have a retail store for zanos! @Creative Good question. If my knowledge is correct the Zano homes in on your phone as it's "home base" so that's where it would (try to) return to. However as mentioned in previous comments you should be able to set an alternate LZ somewhere else (on the bank for example) so your Zano wouldn't have to try and catch you. @lukas I guess for you it makes no difference as I think you have 2 options: (1) order an extra case for £25 at the end, totaling £164 or (2) switch pledges to a £164 now. @Peter Mulholland and @TimZ46 - Thanks. But if it isn't more water proof than that I don't think putting floats on the Zano sounds sensible either. It would have been really nice if it was more water proof. I'd love to use it while kayaking. Quick question for my zano friends...not sure it has been asked before. I know that zano will return to you when you make come back to base. But is the base where it last take flight? Or will it follow you to land. Say I'm on a boat and want to record my friend wake boarding, could I throw zano in the air, take pictures/video and have it come back to me while I'm moving? By my (rough) calculations we need around 450 more backers to go over the £2m mark. @Jamie Superb! So interesting to find how different people are going to be using it in different ways. @jamie that's sad to hear but I'm glad your looking on the bright side and making use of such amazing technology @Lukas I believe a standard case will be available to buy either on the survey at the end or on the website post launch. If you want a limited edition case you'll need to up your pledge and select a reward that includes one. @David Moyer, after an accident in 2006 I'm a wheelchair user but I've always been into photography (although, not too seriously). Trouble is the wheelchair seriously limits where I can get too to take photos and while the Zano isn't exactly carrying a Canon 5D with a range of L lenses on board, it will open up a whole new world of messing about the cameras and angles for me. I've been looking at drones for a while but this one seems very portable and looks like a fun but if kit to play around with. I have got the super early bird edition for 139$. Can I still get the Case somehow? @David Moyer: I believe Ivan said they will make attachment holes on the feet so people can make floating feet of some sort so it can land on water. @Peter Mullholland: True, once the public gets in and burst of orders will probably occur. Exactly @Tim - good to have it enabled anyway. And allows @Ivan and the team to move on and focus on the next awesome feature. I can see zano hitting it big like DJI but better with all the features Hi @Anders, and welcome! Good to have you on board. If the Zano goes into water it won't be too happy. @Ivan has compared it to a smart phone before now; it'll be fine with some small splashes or light raindrops, but don't drop it in the sink! However you will be able to set a landing zone for Zano if using it for water sports, so if it loses signal or runs low on battery it will go to that LZ rather than returning "home". Hopefully that answers your question? Oh, I see. I misread that, sorry. That's true if you get only one. I am getting only one (for the time being) myself. It still is however a great feature and might be something cool if you meet up with a friend who has one. :) @exactly @TimZ46 I think he means he specifically won't be able to swarm as he will only have the 1 Zano. But like I said, no matter how many Zano's you're getting it's still a hell of an achievement @creator is there any way to put a lightweight floatation system on zano so it could land on still water just a thought but it may help some people and what do you think the cost of the watch would be that zano could follow in place of a phone @Anders Öster: Think of it as your smartphone. Sure it can take some snow and light rain. Submerging it will make and end to it sadly. It is not waterproof, but more splashproof. @David Won't affect me either, can only (just) afford one - still nice to see though. @TimZ46 Slowing down in this country (UK) however it's only 3pm in Vegas where CES is, still a few hours to go! I think there'll be a big push tomorrow afternoon when the public go in. @David Moyer: Not sure I understand what you mean by that. That goal will affect all users since it will enable swarming. :) New backer here, hi. I see some pictures that illustrates the Zano being used near or over water. So I wonder - if Zano somehow falls into the water, is it dead instantly? Too bad the 2 million goal won't affect me on the bright side I ordered the LE black @Peter M.: That might very well be. Although it seems to be slowing down a bit now. I suppose it's getting a bit late for some and they are hitting their beds. In any case I'm pretty sure the mark will get hit some time around tomorrow. :) @peter Mulholland I'm in pennsylvania about an hour from philadelphia I have a sneaking suspicion when I go to sleep, I might wake up to a shiny £2m surprise... @creator when can we see a video taken by Zano? Don't suggest the idea to @creator until after June, he'll add it in (probably with a winch)! @Peter M - all true. Maybe stick some pontoons on it and let it float on the surface. Probably wouldn't fly but would move around. (But then I guess you could just use a boat!). @David In fact if you forget the scuba, you may be on something there. Have the camera (or a second one) beneath the Zano on a wire, not too much weight involved there, and then could be used in adding rescue or search - could be lowered down holes, and into gaps even smaller than the Zano. @David nice idea but I think the weight would then be a bit much, plus you'd have severe drag through the water. And it would mean the Zano being quite close to the surface, one rogue wave and bye bye Zano... Nice thought though - thats whats made this group great, people coming up with so many original ideas. @Peter M - had an idea about filming scuba diving. I wonder whether it would be possible to attach the camera (or a camera, anyway) to a long stalk and then fly just above the water. The camera would then be underwater. - Just a thought. We're creeping closer to that £2m folks... Only £71,121 to go. KickTraq is trending us towards £2,057,701. @David Ah I deduce from that wording that you are across the pond. Where abouts in the US are you? I'm in London so not to far up to the Alps for me. Will be working but should get some ski time in - more looking forward to next season though when I will have my Zano with me. American football btw not soccer @peter Mulholland that stinks since your going for work I'm also considering using it for filming sports too if possible especially scouting teams in football but getting some good shots of myself too @David Yes it would, I'd definitely need some pontoons or something - and you'd only get video of me diving and surfacing... Skiing wise I'm not fussed about my technique, but will be amazing to get some aerial photos and footage of myself in the park! Heading out to resort 3 times this winter (twice is for work :/ boo) so shame it won't be ready for those trips. Just a quick question: Is the red Zano a standard color that will be made mainstream available just like the white and black edition or is it a limited edition such as the camo and gitd? I'm trying to improve my skiing by seeing me 3rd person I can ski double blacks and fast but there's always room for improvement and @peter Mulholland if you can find a use for scuba diving that will be really sweet @ Creator ... I understand that there is great technology for stabilization in Zano. How is it compared to 3D Axis Gimbal when it comes to smooth movement in regards to video. Thanks. @David I will be using mine for skiing, general flying about and maybe even annoying my coworkers in the office... Yet to work out how I can incorporate it into my scuba diving... @Special @David Yes exactly a don't let age stop you doing anything. Now is the best time for you to learn! (and if you learn then you can make us some nice VR apps) @ creators. Will I be able to use my myo to control Zano? (<url>"games" you could create for Zano. So many ideas. Or maybe zano dog fights @randy Alexander I wish I was knew how to develop haha I'm only 14 but I like your thinking and there's a ton of other virtual games they could make like a fighting arena where you shoot down other zano in a the arena until only one remains or maybe a virtual search and rescue game the ideas are endless. +1 @Randy @David I'm all for the VR and AR (especially having just backed Viewbox on Kickstarter, and it ends the same day as Zano!) Is the glo version only available with the custom box? I've pledged for an early bird black and was wondering if you can change colour? cheers Ben :-) did the creator's of Zano say how many could be swarmed at any one time @ David - great point! Leveraging swarming technology so the zano's don't run into eachother. Having a bunch of people race around a virtual course, or otherwise, to see who finishes first. Fly from point a to point b. Land on the ground. Take off and travel to point c. Land on a box. Take off and travel to point d. Hover for 10 seconds maintaining altitude. Do three flips, gain 10 feet of altitude, drop 15 feet of altitude, fly upside down across the finish line. The zano's know if you cheated and only hovered for 8 seconds, or only gain 5 feet of altitude.... Hi @nicholas elliott, all spares and extra zanos will be sold on their website afterwards www.flyzano.com @Creator - thanks again for your thorough responses. I can't wait to get my hands on the SDK! will we be able to bye more Zano's through your web sight or battery's etc ??? @David @Randy in update #11 and also in here somewhere there was support for Unity 3D, so if you want to make an AR game, the door's open for sure. I might even have go at it.... At creator brilliantly answered. @randy Alexander maybe they could make some virtual reality games so people could race or war against each other via WiFi Any chance you guys are familiar with Anki cars (www.anki.com)? How amazing would it be if zano's could compete against eachother, on a virtual course in mid air, similar to Anki??? Now that is dreaming?!?! Or is is reality....hmmmm....you guys have made the dream reality in so many ways thus far so I wouldn't bet against you! @mark penders : thx a lot @creator : for thermal imaging : what are the specs if you may ? Resolution and fps please ? I have looked to FLIR LEPTON upon your suggestion , there are lots of products. In particular it is the resolution and frame rate which counts for export regulations. The mandate originated from the US and most other countries copy. May be I am a bit paranoid but only paranoids survive :) @creator I live in Las Vegas, any way to get tickets to CES so I can meet some of the totally awesome team in town for the show? Go go Zano!!! @creator will we see some raw footage before the end of the campaign of the obstacle avoidance and the drone in use? I know this was mentioned but I think people are holding back from backing because they want to see it to believe it. Also, on kicktraq you guy are trending at 2,000,000 @sinan check out this link: <url>"is there a way not to hit the ceiling" Hey Guys, I'm the same as Brett, I've been out the loop for a while too. I have a question that I don't know if a Backer could answer for me? I did message the @Creator but I'm thinking that they are super busy so any help would be greatly appreciated. My question is.. are there any 'Add-On's' that I've missed out on? I can't seem to find it but I'm sure there was something about adding £xxx to your pledge to get an additional battery or was that a different project?! I also thought I could pay to upgrade my case - I'm at the £139 Pledge - if anyone could help it would be great. This is going to be one awesome ride to April!! Great Work Guys - Your CES Stand looks awesome! All you need is a 'swarm' above the crowd! - now that would be as good as the Bellagio fountains! - You couldn't top Treasure Islands ship sinking though! Have fun! On the topic of camera. Even though photography is my main interest fish eye would be my preference assuming the sdk will let us render multiple flat images in real time. @Mark Penders - good idea on the additional stretch. Not sure on 3, but I'd say 2.5 is still actually attainable. Congrats @Creator! @All hey guys I've not long been in from work..... What have I missed? Brilliant news. Over 10000 backers, but I just hope it don't backfire on us at time of delivery like so many other projects on Kickstater, that could not meet demand. Quietly pleased for the creators but just slightly concerned as a backer. But best of luck you guys deserve all the success. Arrgh...couldn't resist and pledged for an additional GITD unit...@Larry how did your explanation for your wife work :-) I hope mine will be as excited as I am - I think as we get swarming pretty soon it is a necessity to have more than 3 Zanos - 'caus 2 is only a couple not a swarm... Great project, great team! Let's skirmish the 2 Millions @TeamZano what's the 3M stretch goal? Welcome @Randy Alexander - good decision Over 10,000 backers and now on the home straight to £2million. Great project and fantastic community of individuals. Anyone after a red Zano get your pledges in before they are gone! Its certainly my favourite. 10k and growing!!! Congratulations Team Zano!!! Torquing Group has rocked this campaign. Congrats team Zano!! WOW! I am honored to be the 10,000 backer...although that tells you I must not be very smart since I waited this long to back! I have been watching the campaign closely for a few weeks though, and appreciate the community that has developed with this product. Massive congratulations to Team Zano on reaching 10,000 backers, thats amazing. Such a good effort. Lets storm through that £2m target now... And that's it there.... Well done Zano! You made it to 10000 backers, and we'll deserved too. Congrats to team Zano with the 10K backers, impressive. Next main goal reaching 2m by the end of the project. And so it happened - 10.000 *fireworks* 10,000 backers!!! - Well done @Team Zano updated the spreadsheet with comments <url>"swarm" goal is easy peasy. :) In update #11: Hardware - Tiltable camera. This will be manually adjustable but this will be done... What angle is the camera currently? How do you deal with pictures when the zano is substantially higher than the target? @Peter - I think they must have (unless people are backing using their smartphones). But I'm not sure I'd like to put my credit card details into someone else's computer. Less than £100,000 to go! (I really need to get a life...) Wonder if they have a laptop set up at CES so people can sign straight up to the Kickstarter... @Peter - ah, that is what it must be. Fasinating to watch the counter just click up and up and up ... @Peter I'd give long odds against 22 yr old females. Hell, at my age, odds are ALL I'll get against 22yr old females (lol) nite for now. +1 to @Sinan's comment @Doug Yep CES started at 18:00 GMT. Follow live updates here: <url>£103,941 to the £2m! Talk about right under my nose.... 10K backers. Almost like they figured that out ahead of time (lol). Who sits around a table and says "Well, if we get just 10,000 people to believe in our helicopter...." @Larry Yes it must be a weird feeling. Like there is some projects that have crashed and burned with no hope in hell of being funding, but there is a few that have come right down to the wire. Whereas this is one of just a few that has smashed its target. So the whole Zano team can at least be reassured that whatever happens in the next 68 hours their amazing project is being funded. But they must be incredibly busy trying to cope with all of our suggestions and comments, trying to squeeze every bit of awesome into the Zano, while keeping an eye on this page to see how many backers they will get, what stretch goals they will meet, final pledge amount. Very exciting stuff - would love to be in their office on Thursday when the clock stops. Sure there will be lots of celebrations and maybe even some champagne corks flying - I wonder if a Zano is quick enough to avoid an incoming champagne cork? (Thoughts @Ivan? :P ) Looks like the Bebop is moving to a autolanding charge pad as well but the Zano will definitely be superior - no doubt! <url>£10), select one reward level and then in the survey at the end you will be able to specify which other Zano you want. Hey there. there are pledge levels for 2x of one option. but I'd like to get one camou and one glow in the dark. do i just add the money for one plegde level twice? or can I jump in for 2x glow in the dark and rearrange one of them to the camou version? thanks a lot @Thomas - check Update #11 for details on the beta testing: As a beta-tester you will get all the functional updates free of charge as well as all the latest news and events and access to the coolest latest stuff well before anyone else. In exchange, we need beta-testers to download at least 80% of all functional updates that we publish and then report on at least 80% of the updates you download. We expect some months to release two or three updates and others one, on average we would expect 1-2 functional updates a month. @Thomas, I think they were talking about 1 or 2 a month, although judging by the comments here, there might be quite a few in the initial stages! @Nick No problem! Happy to help. @Thomas Good question! +1 to that Any BASE jumpers out there? @gedney you can use zano inside without a GPs lock it will rely on other sensors such as sonar when there's no gps :) @Larry - I guess "in theory" the Zano could fly around a bit and take a load of photos and then try to gauge it's actual height above ground based on the perspective shifts... I wouldn't like to do the math though.... I suppose the HPC could.... however, we all know that when at any great height, "DON'T LOOK DOWN" Does raise an interesting query though... @Creator - assuming a "follow the ground" mode, what will the default behaviour be on going over a cliff? Will the Zano descend until at the height set? If so, is there a maximum rate of descent? I'd imagine there would need to be some control of this? Leading on from that, what if there was a great big thermal coming up the cliff side - with Zano being so light would it actually engage reverse thrust to descend the thermal? @Creator: Just out of curiosity - do you have any guesstimates on how many and how frequent the beta features will be? Just trying to get a feel for the time needed to keep above the 80/80 limit... @ Peter- thanks so much already have my white zano (£164) just trying to justify a second one to the wife! Thanks again Can zano used indoor without GPS Fix? Maybe with limited functionallity? Or is the GPS a absolute requirement for Zano to take off? @Jamie No pre-release models. On the production models in June. @Mario Glad to help. @Nick Not a stupid question at all, its not too clear on the main page due to Kickstarter restricting changes to certain fields on the page. @Doug has beaten me to answering your question. So the TOTAL number you get is 2 batteries and 2 sets of props per Zano (that includes the ones on the drone. So 1 on the drone, and one spare). Hope thats clear. @Larry Yes you think it might just do that! @Special Oh ok good to know. Thanks. @Doug Fingers crossed! @Frans This is one of the main features built in. You can manually select "return to base" from within the app and it will locate to the phone/tablet you are using, or in the case of the Zano running low on battery it will also automatically return to base. Alternate options are being configured for if you are over water (choosing a landing point before launch for the Zano to return to instead of your base) etc. These will be confirmed by @Ivan if/when they are finalised. Just my 25c on the Zano versus the interwebnet FaceTube things: I won't be putting any(!) footage (Zano or otherwise) on any "social services". Even having to go online to register a nano drone does not sit well with me. I don't register online for most of the things in my home and I rather like it that way. Bottom line - @Creator: When designing the ecosystem around the Zano please don't make it all *too* web-centric. The Zano flies low enough to stay under the radar and generally I like to do so too. ;-) It should be possible to use a 60g quadcopter without having to register anywhere. At least make it possible to opt out. @Jamie Leeming - I would imagine that beta-testing will be on production Zanos (unless the testing throws up something horrendous). My guess would be that the developers will try and get out some early production models ahead of the June release (and, if so @developers - I am here!). @ Stefan Sluiman ... If your payment fails, amazon send you a few emails and asks you to update your credit card. @nick each zano comes with 2 sets of props one on zano and one spare set this is the same case with the batteries :) @Nick Rock - All Zanos will come with 2 batteries and 2 sets of props. If you've pledged for a multi set (say 2 reds) then you'll get 2 Zanos, 4 batteries and 4 sets of props Does anyone know when beta testing starts? Will there be pre-release models for beta testing or will the tests be carried out on production models as of June? @Special Circ. @Piero @Peter: Thanks for your replies. I thought it was a problem of motor power that could set back from flying higher. But looks as if it won´t be a problem @all- May be a stupid question for that I'm sorry, the red zano pledge level, I see it comes with two sets batteries and two sets of props... Is that in addition to the set that come with the zano? Not to be greedy just kind of curious. Thanks @Special @Peter Re flying off a cliff scenario: jeepers, with all those gizmos, why wouldn't the thing JUST LOOK DOWN. (g) @Ivan In case the transaction on funding day fails, will we have second chance? Or what will happen? I'm asking this since I pledged using a virtual creditcard on Neteller. Got enough money on it, but never used it before, so I am hoping the transaction will succeed. @Peter - just checked the "Story page" and the original desc there mentions: ZANO’s battery can be charged whilst it is docked inside ZANO via a standard MicroUSB connection, and with a simple adapter ZANO’s batteries can be charged whilst outside of ZANO. @All - We need a further £112,000 in just under 3 days which I reckon equates to about £40,000 per day. According to kicktraq we have been getting at least twice that each day over the last week and that is before any bounce from CES. I predict that we will exceed the £2 million mark (and anyone who would like lottery numbers, please let me know!) I would like the possibility that Zano returns to his base (a charger) automatically just like a Robot vacuum cleaner. Good answer @Special @Peter - it could just be an assumption of mine, but even if I'm wrong, I doubt it'd be too hard to retrofit a tiny little charger into the case, or just inline on a cable. Regarding the "flying off a precipice" cliff, I'm pretty sure the behaviour will be down to the software, and the aim of the game is "stay flying", so as there are a number of bits of information being fed into the "engine", which include: 1) Height from sonar (low range - was it 6m or so?) 2) Altitude from GPS (generally not very accurate due to the way GPS works) 3) Altitude from the barometric sensor 4) Importantly for this conversation - inertia data from gyros and accelerometers So, flying off a cliff, the SONAR says the ZANO has ascended, but ALL the other sensors indicate it hasn't, so I expect the Zano will ignore the blip in the SONAR and declare the ground level at it's current location "unknown" - well, that's the sort of logic I'd use, and Ivan seems a fairly clever chap to me so I'm sure his logic will be at least as sensible, but probably considerably cleverer. @Special Circumstances If so I've missed that update, but that would be good. @Peter - regarding the battery charging, I thought the case/ZanoFuel could charge independantly of the Zano being present. @Mario Capon Normally, e.g. with DJI Phantom, the take-off altitude zero is that of the home point. From that moment it is possible to fly also to "negative" altitude. When the drone actives the RTH (Return To Home) function, before it reaches the altitude for RTH (normally >0) and then it flies over home point . Zano perhaps uses the same logic. @Creator - can I get the LE red.....but request to have a black Zano but obviously I would have to keep the red LE case. (I fancy a nicer case and ZanoFuel but all the black LE now gone!) And here's live updating coverage from The Telegraph: <url>´t get it right, but if I understand correctly, if you are on a cliff and fly your Zano towards a lagoon or canyon over the cliff, but the cliff is more than 15mts high it would automatically drop to a maximum altitude of 15mts above that lagoon or canyon. And if that happens there would be no way of possibly recovering your ZANO since it would not be able to fly to the landing point... or I missed the altitude thing completetly??? @Aziz Somebody mentioned that on Kicktraq (<url>£2,014,362 and a few people have got confused. That is just a projected figure based on changes in number of backers per day, and pledge amounts per day. Still very hopeful though. Its interesting to look at it (I check multiple times per day...) and see how the trends change, and today was the first time it tipped over the £2m mark. So fingers crossed we will make it. Especially as KickTraq isn't away of @Reece's awesome stand at CES! Speaking of which can someone remind me what days CES is on/what days the guys have their stand? Are they just there Mon/Tues/Weds? Going to be interesting to see how that affects the figures. Just read Larrys comment! Got it Thanks @John - clearly proved my point that is something I know nothing of! Would like a rough comparison of various phone/tablet models though to see which has an edge. Someone said we have gone over €2m but I only see €1.8m+ @Roger It would be fine to use once @Ivan has implemented the function where you can designate a landing area. So you would get your Zano out, select an LZ on the map and off you go. Then when Zano is getting low on battery or loses signal it would return there rather than just landing. I know this is a suggestion a backer made, and @Ivan said he liked and would look into it. Other than that there has been talk of modular "feet", one set of which could be floating pontoons. One question though, would a Zano be able to keep up with a jet ski? Whenever I've been on them they're pretty speedy.... Thanks Peter and Special Circumstances. : ) @Larry different tablets and phones have different wireless capabilities depending on the quality and size of internal antennae. The stock nexus 7 had notoriously poor wifi capabilities. There are some who have fitted a huge antenna to a Nexus 7 and got almost 2 miles on their drone. I am doing the following mod to my nexus 7....I bought a spare back plate for £5 so I can put it back to mint condition if it all goes wrong! I expect to get 2-500m with a phased array antenna attached to my modded nexus 7 for total cost of around £25 +time (my Nexus 7 was free after a mistake by Google.....they refunded me a year after I bought it!!) <url>" SWIFT" and "SPARROW" was available at your home page, it seems as small as ZANO. they are the more advance version of ZANO ? or? 2). Is the beta tester need to be pro. to the mechanism or somewhat similar discipline ? I'm just a normal user, actually i have no idea what i should do to test ZANO and report.... Thanks for your reply. BTW, i just thinking about , is the ZANO's battery need to charge together with ZANO's body? or there will be other method can charge the battery externally without occupying the ZANO body...... i wish to charge the battery and use ZANO simultaneously. ( will your company consider to made a power bank hubs, which can store the spare battery and charge the battery portable? i think it will be big sell after launch) @Roger, he was referring to a site like kicktraq - there are several of them that try to predict the outcome of campaigns on KS. Try here: <url>"Kick Start projection" it'll lead you to that page if you want it. @Sheri - that's what i did and what i mentioned one hour ago @CaffieneJunkie and zano cooperation. I know that they have said that the individual zanos communicate with each other through 3 different channels, and I haven't seen them mention any exceptions (and it'd seem to me that much of the whole POINT of having them do this - avoid collision with other zanos) would not be limited to a single individual's drones. We'll have to wait for the Creator to put a sharper point on it though. @Michiel - as a boarder, I like the idea of that... I'm trying to think how it might be implemented though. I guess some sort of dampened elasticity might work (imagine a elastic cord between the Zano and the boarder, but dampened so that it has a delayed effect) - this could filter out the side to side oscillations while keeping the general course (effectively a high pass filter). I guess ideally the Zano would have to know where the fall line was, but I can't see how it'd predict that other than by averaging based on the recent behaviour of the boarder. Good question by @Larry about which device works "best" (or if there is any difference at all). I'm not an expert in these matters at all, but surely it should be roughly the same? The Zano itself is the wifi hotspot, so the phone/tablet/device is just acting as a receiver, and therefore should all be at a same level. @Creator How will management of the SD card work? This will have major implications for usability and overall experience. I guess the detail hasn't been fleshed out hence why I'm giving an opinion! Hopefully Zano will auto record to the SD card all the time (saves missing that priceless moment!). If you run out of room then it starts to delete the oldest videos? If you want to keep a video from flight then you can mark it as 'keep' so it is not overwritten? Photos don't get deleted (unless manually by user) as they take so little space? How many mb/minute does the stored 720 or 1080 video take.....is compression level configurable? Similarly how will the app work? Will it auto record video that is streamed to it and ask the user at the end of each flight if they want to keep/edit/upload it/save to iphone photo app? This could all be configurable but sensible out of the box defaults are important. I agree with Matt Tomalin and others who posit that if Torquing could post a price list of accessories, folks could search their sofa cushions, and shake their kids upside down for any remaining funds that could be brought to bear on that 2M target. I know that if any of my friends see me coming they run and hide to avoid the the guy who is clearly INzano. @holger U need to read trending not current amount . @Roger: Kicktraq is refreshing the statistics every hour @Ivan When a skier / boarder go’s down the slopes they create a zig-zag waypoint path for Zano to follow. Instead of following this path I’d rather like Zano to follow an (almost) straight line down the slope while keeping the skier / boarder to the left (or right). The camera (POI) will still following the skier / boarder, almost like a cable-cam. The first advantage is that skier / boarder can go faster than 25mph because Zano takes the shortcut. The second advantage is that the video produced is easy on the eye instead of a “drunken persons view”. Is that possible? If possible could you create multiple “Follow me” modes: Follow me – Orbit, flying in circles around a target. Follow me – Tracking, when using a GPS tracker-tag on a target like a dog, child, RC-toy etc. Follow me – Ski, Follow a skier in a “straight” line, alongside left (or right) of a target. Follow me - …… Keep on the good work! PS. Just became nr 18 must funded Kickstarter project!! @Roger, i'm talking about this website: <url>#chart-daily @Roger Maki - just refresh the page. Mine is currently showing £2,008,550 7 minutes ago. @Holger, where do you see that number? Mine screen says 1,877,357 total so far,or are you talking about another project. Without a range extender, what device will control the zano at the greatest distance. I'm assuming that phones are "better" than devices such as tablets or itouch. If that is not the case, what IS the best device in terms of distance to use as a controller. Is the range extender a stand alone device or does it attach to another device e.g. smart phone. And finally. is there a difference in range of controllers of IOS vs Android platforms? TIA @creator Let's say we are throwing a party outdoor with some party lights (cords with small bulbs) over our heads. Can zano detect those as obstacles or is cord and bulbs too thin to be seen? Sent you a message too. Thank you Holger Boerchers. You mean it "a platform landing / Automated Charging.", On the stroke I was not careful. Thank you. Good luck to the designer to make all possible proposals to establish @Special Circumstances: I missed that dicussusion unfortunately, but that can happen with more than 2700 comments. :-) For me QI charging with an iPhone 5 was pretty fast. The charging power was 1 ampere and the charging didn't take longer compared to the standard usb-charger. Maybe Ivan can consider that again, because a QI receiver is a real lightweight. @Holger - Have a look back through the comments regarding wireless charging, essentially, it's too slow. But they have a good solution (pads on feet) which will do the job better. Aargh @GHolgar, you beat me to it! I've been watching that for the last couple days but just went off to lunch. Great news (but only trending at the momnet). The latest trending on Kicktraq says £2,001,444 until the end of this camaign - that's fantastic. @Mura - my understanding is that, where you have a Zanofuel, the Zano will be able to charge whilst in its case. The developers are looking into the feasibility of incorporating this for the June launch. There has also been a lot of talk about charging pads and the Zano being able to (a) land on such a pad and (b) recharge itself from the pad such that it could fly on a mission, return to the charging pad, recharge itself and then fly off on another mission. That sort of capability, though, will not be available at launch whereas recharging from inside the case may well be. @Mura: quote from update #11: Hardware - We are looking into charging Zano whilst in the case without need to connect cable. We have built support for this but need to speak with the case manufacturer to get costings. This may be a small add-on module and if such will be available on www.flyzano.com. @Creator: could it probably be a QI interface for wireless charging? That would be awesome - a landing base with an included QI charger, that's it! I understand the need to connect the micro USB plug for charging Zano, I was just a proposal, instead of inserting the plug into Zano, insert the plug on a base and Zano come to rest on the stand as I do for my smartphone. Not sure if this has been asked before (a lot of comments here). I know swarming when it arrives will allow one person to task several Zanos and the mesh network will allow them to coordinate. What about if several people are operating Zanos in the same area. Will they still mesh network to collaberate on collision avoidance? @Aziz @PeterM I think the spare props are per Zano, just like the battery. @Aziz Confirmed that every pledge including £139 and above (i.e every one that includes a Zano) will get a spare battery (so every Zano you order comes with a TOTAL of 2 batteries, no matter what pledge level/colour: 1 Zano = 2 batteries, 2 Zano = 4 batteries, 3 Zano = 6 batteries, 56 Zano = 112 batteries). As for propellers I believe that again every Zano including £139 and above (any pledge level that includes a Zano) comes with spare propellers, but I think only one set. Sure @Ivan will correct me if I'm wrong. And 2times spare battery? Will we get 2 complete sets of propeller on the £139 pledge? Hmmm... if what Ivan said about zanos night time camera is correct then maybe a glow in the dark zano wouldn't be that useful after all? (Besides looking awesome of course!) sigh maybe I should go the red one so its easier to find in the snow! Decisions decisions... @Creators: It's just suggestion, but it would be nice feature if Zano could detect the wind speed and report to the user if wind is too strong to hold the position (before launch or during launch/flight) and could try emergency landing. @Sinan The thermal camera is not included as standard, however will be available post-launch from the Zano website as a modular add on. You would be able to purchase it, then swap it out for the regular camera (an easy process @Ivan as assured us). @ivan I know it's been asked before but could we get renderings of the glow in the dark zano during the day? And also do you think the lights would be overwhelmed by the glow or is it not that bright? @creator : as I gather from posts, it seems some type of thermal monitoring is included . If so thermal imaging capabilities in many countries ( including UK to my knowledge) is subject to import/export regulation. I dont know the details but may be worthwhile to look and clarify in shipment papers if needed. @ivan this is by far the best managed kickstarter I have been involved in. You take time out of your day to answer every single question, something I have never seen before. So thank you! On a side note I REALLY want to see some new onboard zano videos before the campaign ends. I have been looking at camera drones for a while now, and my goal has been to purchase one that can take my Gopro. However if zanos videos are comparable (I'm not expecting miracles) then my search may be over! @Piero Massimino I would assume the system would do its best to get Internet connection to verify security and report location if stolen but if no connection still allow flying. This of course means people could steal and use with Internet turned off but zano would tatle on you if it ever gets a connection. Maybe it should actively seek open wifi for reporting purposes. So much share what @Peter says. It reminded my developer days, instead of "just" a consumer @Creator - please a photo of the standard carrying case. Is it like the regular carrying cases but the color wont be the same as the Zano? Well done for ZANO being recognized by Kickstarter as a Staff Pick! @creator, can we have a picture of the standard case please ? Of course, I talk about the internet connection before the ad-hoc connection between app and zano... About security. You said "phones will be bound to a user account" and "we will also support a notification to us if a Zano is reported stolen". If the area where I am does not offer any internet or 3G connection (or if someone stop it) , will I be able to use Zano? Does it require internet connection to work? :-) Just realized that for 139 reward doesn't come with a clam case. So the Zano will be wrapped in a plastic bag for shipment? Will it be damaged since there is no protection during delivery? What Peter says! @All @Ivan Thanks for the great update. Just want to say a massive thank you to you, and the rest of the team. As we approach the end of the campaign its amazing to look back and see how far this has changed and developed. I'm sure a lot of us backed Zano when it was "just a selfie drone" with maybe vague ideas that it could progress onto more, and now look at it! I think it is amazing what this community has achieved and how well such a variety of people from all around the world, and I suspect all walks of life have worked together; answering each others questions, creating and developing ideas and most amazing of all how well @Ivan and the rest of the Zano team has been at responding to every single comment (Just the fact that some people just get "@xxx Thank you" shows that all comments are being read and is appreciated!) and not only reading them, but taking them on board and running with them. Genuinely a pleasure to be a part of this project, and can't wait to see where it goes in the future. Thanks again to everyone, creators and backers alike. Roll on June! Peter Regarding merchandise I would love for a zano t shirt or hat to be mare available though the fly zano store I would definatly buy both :D This user's account has been deleted. @Thomas - the following are excerpts from various posts by @Creator (normally Ivan) and if we are able to improve the motors we will make an upgrade set available on www.flyzano.com. Regarding motor life. Unlike other quads of the same size, the motors fail due to brush wear, now this is caused as much through arching as it is through friction. We sort a lot of the arching issues out with hardware design and as such have significantly longer motor life. Regarding motors and a tether. Really good point, motor wear time would start to become an issue, however they are easily replaced. I'm pretty confident motors will be replaceable, atleast I hope so. Every electric motor wears out over time. I do hope they are brushless, but I remember reading they aren't? Maybe someone can fill in. Holger Boerchers. I was not a proposal to charge Zano. My proposal was to recharge Zano on a support on that we would connect the supplied USB cable. Zano is placed on the holder, and then search. @Thomas - I believe I saw a post indicating that motor swap-outs, or even upgrades, should be possible (you'd have to search the comments I'm afraid). Regarding burning out the motors, there is a vid on the "Story" page that shows some pretty full on testing of the motors. @Larry - You don't love them anymore? @Mihai - Regarding content. Bear in mind, this is a kickstarter, and that the PCB design was only finalised a day or so ago, so in terms of seeing the production version, you'll have to wait until the first one is made. I believe they have upgraded the camera since the prototype (again seach comments for confirmation). @Thomas: as far as understand there isn't a definite answer on changing the motors yer. As for the difference betwen normal and LE: the case quality, the certificate and the ZENO Fuel which comes with the LE. Hi, I don't know if someone asked this before... Will it be possible to change the motors? I jusk ask because yesterday one motor of my drone 'melt' a little. I have flown it too long and one engine went to hot. and another question. The Main difference between the normal and the Limited Edition is just the case and its certificate? right? Thanks @all sorry computer dying. Will try again in pm. PS I DID love cats (They were delicious) @Larry: i think that all hairy, bearded, tattooed short tempered bikers love cats :)). It counts as their soft side. i for one sure do. Getting back to business, as @Bryan said, some raw footage would be great and i for one would really like to see some new flight videos showing the ZANO at CES. Perhaps some demos of what features the guys already managed to implement before heading out. There is too little content of this little guy available on the interwebs. Hi, You promised a week ago that you would put up a fresh video of landscapes and photos of landscapes so we can see the raw quality of the camera. This was to be done before funding ended, I am sure this would help your funding. @all I think my computer is dying. Monitor is all over the place re colors. Oh, or it may be a flashback from the 60's.... @Mihai No need to resent wildly *inaccurate* stereotypes that are trotted out for their humor effect. Back in the '60's I WAS a long haired biker dude with 200 lbs f chrome on my chopper and a bong sticking out of my backpack. (Did I say that out loud?) I was even pulled out of line trying to board an airplane because I "fit the profile" of a bomber. Those were the days, because I was ALSO in college as a shrinkery student an I DID love kittens.. @Larry: i resent the uncut beard comment :))). Mean bikers can still want cuddly little nano drones. @Doug @Larry Or they could spend there time just crashing the Zano into people and saying "Look it didn't hurt! BUY ONE!"..... Or maybe not. I think as long as they can get across how far the Zano has come from the original concept they won't have any trouble enticing people. 3 days to go and £146,315 to the final stretch goal. Exciting times... @Doug I totally get your point about pushing the idea that nanos are harmless and therefore preferable. Whether that would help sales however depends on who you are targeting. If you are aiming at burly, pickup truck driving, beer guzzling dudes (with a busty brunette n each arm), I'm not sure pushing Harmless, wimpy, itty bitty, flying pillows would be attractive.You'd want something something like a drone that was hairy, with an uncut beard (and a tray for a six-pack). Something with a tattoo on it that said "Guaranteed to PUT an eye out!" LOL you get the idea..... I'd like a plain black T or polo shirt with proud backer of Zano on the back and much smaller on the left chest (zano in large font with the other text smaller above it) Also as someone kind of said in the comments below if Torquing bring out a price list for optional extras I think we will easily reach the final stretch goal with increased pledges. Especially if there is a price for a range extender ;) @Doug...Very nice idea Doug! @Creators, @Reece - It seems from your update #12 that you are amongst a number of other drone stalls. I know that Airdog are going to be there and I guess many others will as well. The Zano has similar or better capabilities than any of your competitors but its stand out difference is its size. Big drones hurt, little drones don't. I remember Reece (or was it Ivan) saying somewhere that you had flown a Zano at full speed into yourself and didn't feel a thing. I think it would be really good to take a video of yourselves doing just that and have it on a loop at your stall (maybe you could include a caption along the lines of 'Flies - but wouldn't hurt a fly'). It sends out a powerful message and is unanswerable by any of your competition. @Ivan @Matthew...let's say we are lost in the woods can Zano guide us out to the last known starting point by following Zano? Can we adjust the speed of Zano to a mere walking pace so that we can follow it out of the woods? @Doug Conran Good man!We've both been using the term on and off. I still think a badge as described below would "fit" and most importantly, give the Creators the credit they deserve. I have to run some utilities on my laptop, so if I drop off - that's why LOL @Larry - yeah, I meant family in its proper sense. That's how I see us. @D Conran I don't know how much of your comment re family was sarcasm, but in this specific instance I think that it fits far better than "backers" Backers are the policemen in NYC when they see the Mayor. @Mura Just translated your comment with Google translator and if i understand you right you can connect the ZANO to any kind of USB port e.g. laptops to recharge the ZANO batteries. @Doug True that. I'm not emotionally invested in the medium - I AM interested in the message. @Dave Barber THANKS! @Larry - but a shirt would be so much more distinctive when I take a selfie and post it on Zanomap. @Peter M Thanks! Instead of a shirt scroll down to my "patch" (g) @ryan - I like the idea of using Zano as a Nav-Bot! I've lost count of the times we've had to search around up a hill trying to find the path that's on the map (really shouldn't try to take those short-cuts). An eagle-eye view, plus "goto coordinates", plus some flashing lights, now that could save a lot of time! Bonjour. Je ne sais pas si il y a un commentaire sur cela, mais au niveau du chargement de Zano il serait possible de pouvoir le recharger pose posé sur un support où serai branché le câble USB comme les portables. Petit qu'il est sa ne prendrai pas de place. A+ @Brent - regarding volumetric printing, was looking at volumetric stuff last night, and there are a couple of zero-cost options there, easy example would be the Adobe/Autodesk 123D Catch (there are others though). You could then use something like Blender for a bit of post processing. In fact it's incredible what you can do (if you put in the time) just from a bit of video. There's also the rather clever Visual SFM (<url>"Updates" @Doug please apologize for the typo in your name... :-| @Daug What about these titles? ZANO - Yesssss it got one! ZANO - backed @Kickstarter ZANO - the smartest drone on earth ZANO - where i gonna fly next? ZANO - the flying eye @Creator - how about offering a Zano T shirt as a reward? Like the one Reece is wearing but saying: I backed Zano or just Proud Zano Backer I'd certainly up my pledge for that. After all we're all family now! @Larry, Update 12? @All - unfortunately, Zano t-shirts only come in one size - Nano. ;) @Peter M where is the pic posted? TIA Nice little video from @Reecs - stand looks awesome. If that doesn't have the pledges rolling in I don't know what will. @Holger Yes the shirts ARE cool! Right when you posted that, I was mulling over the idea of something (other than the obvious Zano) to stand as something that would represents the response by all the parties' involvement in this KS campaign. I don't think I'd get too much push-back if I contend that this has been something just a tad special! Other project groups may have had interested people who have made inquiries. And maybe even project staff who cared enough to respond in some manner to answer those questions. But here, that group has evolved: first into a community, and then a *family*. That evolution would not have been possible without Creators who broke the mold by actively and consistently nurturing the communities' needs - and group members who didn't just make inquiries about the product - they helped brainstorm new and unique USES for that product. The Creators not only listened to those suggestions - they immediately assessed their viability and implemented them IMMEDIATELY. Therefore each suggestion became a step on which the next suggestion was founded. Personally, I don't think that this process will repeat itself anytime soon. I wonder if the Creators, or another family member could come up with a "Patch" that could be shipped to all the first round backers to commemorate this whole happening. I'm thinking of something that has a Zano pic in the center and around the edge a statement. Something like "Audience + Creator Support ---> Backers ---> Community ---> Family" (or something equally nauseating (lol). Oh well, just a thought. Be well, LJG. @creator Just noticed 139 pledge doesn't have clam shell and zipper. How much each one will it cost of added in the survey rather than change pledge level? Had to back it, its Named after me! I want a Zano-shirt :-) @Sheri E Stefano Bellelli If you google 'volumetric printing' and look under images, you'll see what I'm referring to. :) English plz lol @All @Creator Came across 'volumetric printing' and thought of Zano's reverse panoramic photos. Does anyone know how to do volumetric printing at home (without expensive equipment)? Seems easy enough (conceptually). Just need to slice a 3D image up into 2D layers and print onto thin slides. So, Zano takes a reverse panoramic photo, software (suggestions?) makes it a 3D image, same or different software slices it into 2D layers, then print onto slides...voila! What???!!! That was it??!! Lol ... I was thinking it was going to be something deep.. :) But interesting and funny none the less.. Thanks .. Now i can sleep.. :P @Jose, they just rotated the N in "Nano" and they liked it so much it just stuck. You can rest easy my friend LOL Hey did i miss something???? Did ivan give a back story on the zano name? I was just thinking the same about the name and i guess someone ask but i cant seem to find the answer... Its driving me a bit mental.. Lol I see in the CES-update that @reece is wearing a nice Zano t-shirt :-), I like that better than the sweater he was wearing in the Xmas update I updated the spreadsheet with all the comments, for y'all to search in ... <url>~ @Sheri thanks ~ omg just read the loooong reply @Creator wrote, seriously im impress ;) u were willing to write soooooo much for ur backer :) thumbs up dude ! Yes it does does Zano have "follow me" function ? @ryan definetly yes How well could it be used aside from a selfie camera? Will you be able to use it in tight spaces? Will you be able to use it for camping if you are off of trails and trying to find your way? @Creator, Nice update! It will be great if you will include water detection as per your previous comment. :P Another thing i found out about parrot AR drone, when you flight at let say 8m and you fly it over a house with height of 7m which will affect the parrot to fly up to 15m (house height 7m + previous flight height 8m) . Will it be the same issue with Zano current firmware? I mean it is not a big issue, but will be great if it can be solved. :P @All, get 2 more extra batteries on your pledged and we will hit 2million in no time (£5.2 X 2 x 9619 backers= £100k).. :D Thanks. I am getting one that will be used by two kids at different times..one on android and one on iOS. Will you be able to switch between the two using the different apps? I'm so happy I just discovered this project and backed a red one. Honestly cannot wait to have it in my hands. I really really want to see a shot taken at night. Please post a video Yay! Backer from PUERTO RICO! \o/ @ patchie Ivan has stated that he will provide add on list before the campaign ends (batteries, etc) so you should be able to add to your pledge and then there will be a survey after the campaign where you can state what you want to do with the extra pledge money Don't remember if I read that we ok be able to ask for a big battery instead of 2 regular.....? sorry as well for all the typos... will have to proof read before posting again. @Dan Pennington. Someoen answered before that you just pledge the amoint needed (same shipping no matter Zanos) and then when they contact you you will be asked and thats it. Bye the way! Got stuck with the NANO story and ended up switching the N for the Z! SORRY!! Will it be possible to save shipping cost by buying some addons in the same shipment as this kickstarter? I am getting very excited about this project. Does anyone know how I can increase my pledge to purchase two? Wow! I'm so impressed you answered all our questions so quickly. I didn't think you could keep up. Thanks and congrats on the campaigns success! @Ivan Thank you for your suer extended update. Makes me feel confodent that I pledged nt only for an idea but for a really cool product as well! Just pledged today and am extremely excited about it. A pitty I won´t have it around for 2 super exciting trips to the mid east and to the US pacific coast this spring! :-( But then again, Happy with all the input from everyone feeling that this product will end up being the brainchild of many thus making it extremely awesome!!! I would like to ad as well a neat idea but currently have none (ja!).But will put my noggin to work and probably ad my grain of sand into the making of NANO. Thanks again everyone for this great set of comments that shurely will enhance NANO beyond the original expectations. Well that teaches me for not concentrating. I was trying to find a project and accidentally typed in the comments section rather than search bar. I guess I get the award for most random comment! Fenice EXCELLENT UPDATE! That Psi brainchip I installed in Ivan is really working well. I'm going to do a KS on them very soon (lol) OK, I'm getting flaky having been at this keyboard since 4 a.m I just read the update and then did a face-plant on the darn keyboard. I've done that so frequently during this campaign that my wife asked what the "a,s,d,f," meant on my forehead. Nite all and keep cooking those ideas! Not to be TOOO over-dramatic, but we may never come across this constellation again. Be well, LJG I realise they have mentioned gps waypoints however so im not sure if they have changed there mind on forcing the tethering. I would love to set gps waypoints and set it off. Some other developer maybe able to implement this if the @creator can't/won't @Creator can I have a list of all the aftermarket add-ons and their costs? @Ivan: That's great to hear some sort of tracker will be developed. I find it seriously cool that the idea's the community puts forth are being taken' seriously and then some.. Respect and keep up the awesome work. This is shaping up to be a very versatile and complete package. @Jamie Leeming. They are following the law which doesn't allow you to lose sight of the device, which means its tethered to the phone. Again, this was the original spec, it may have changed @doug I think it's like the video was shown TED Love the ZANO name back story. And thanks for the update Ivan. That's good. I'd also be interested to know about the following of waypoints via GPS or Google maps which someone asked about earlier. @Creator - can you clarify how 'toss to launch' will work. You say ' ... if powered up you can throw Zano into the air ...' Does 'powered up' mean that the propellers have to be already spinning or does it mean that it just needs to have been activated (shaken) and that the act of tossing it up will start the motors? @Jamie a security feature similar to what you describe will be implemented Further to my last comment - perhaps the App could carry a list of Zano serial numbers which have been reported as lost or stolen and when a device (iPhone or Android) attempts to connect with an illegally acquired Zano, it could disable the Zano and display a message instructing how to claim a reward or something. Sorry if this is a bit hair-brained. It's late and I've had wine. I'm new here and pledged yesterday, but just a thought... Any plans to build in any kind of security feature, similar to Apple's 'Find My iPhone', so that in the unlikely event of Zano becoming lost and 'found' it can be remotely disabled or something? @Ivan: You mentioned that Zano will have option to record the video in raw format and we will have possibility then to post-process the video on your HPC. Will there be software (option) to post process the video on our home PC/workstation? Will there be more options to choose from various video file formats when recording the video? If yes, which you have in plan?Thank you. @Ivan - I'm in awe (again!). I thought you might have time to do an update before CES starts not before the 10 o'clock news starts! As always, a fantastic job and well worth a beer - delivered by Zano waiter maybe? PS I love how you got the name, really cool. Changeable camera modules e.g. with different lens options was mentioned earlier. What is the likely cost range of the camera module if we purchase at a later date e.g. From standard to fisheye (if this requires a new module rather than just lens) £10-20 £20-40 £40+ (It know the specialist cameras e.g. IR will be much pricier) @Ivan: this update officially makes you the most coherent engineer i've ever heard! :)). Great job. Looking forward to the next update. @Peter Mulholland Re feet, @ivan mentioned "Regarding feet. I tell you what, we could include a mounting hole in the bottom of the feet. This would allow enthusiast to make all kinds of feet attachments. How does that sound?" Not sure if they will definitely be implemented. @Wouter Yes you will be able to change shells. The color on the wings will not change though @Ivan is there any possibiity of making the camera tilt remotely controllable from the app? If possible if like a feature where I can predefined a flight path and it will loop the path. @Special I think it was added as an additional stretch goal, they stated that they were not trying to compete with Oculus (which by the way I have tried and was blown away) so it wasn't being classed as a VR, rather than an extension of an multi media device. @Special Circumstances I believe @Ivan has mentioned changeable "feet". So little rubber ones for rougher terrain for stability and so you don't scratch the shell, and some sort of float/pontoon for water landings. I definitely remember seeing it mentioned. Maybe you could find it in the ever so useful spreadsheet that's kicking about! @Mark T I had look, nice bit of kit but unfortunately waaay out of my price range... Thanks though! Hopefully we'll see some sort of VR functionality before long. The origin of the Zano name is great! Oh and @Ivan, your update was perfect thank you! @Ivan Love your addition to the map idea of zooming in, select a specific Zano and looking at images/videos that the user had uploaded. Essentially a social network for the Zano. You could choose how much/how specific location data you share, have a small profile (who you are, what you do) and then some images and videos you have taken, which could be changed when you want. Love it! Just curious? What's the maximum wind levels that the Zano can fly safely in? @Mark T - I see no reason why the head orientation of the Glyph could not be linked to the yaw of the Zano - I think that'd be fairly straightforward. You could just use the camera as is and achieve what you want. I didn't realise Avegant had put head tracking in though - when was that added?? Regarding water sports use - I reckon it'd probably be reasonable to tape some polystyrene to the bottom of the Zano motors to act as floats - just in case. Perhaps someone could come up with some moulded parts. Just in case. I'm sure it'd mess with the aerodynamics something rotten, but that's better than submersed Zano. @Peter yep that's the idea, check it out at Avegant, though I don't want to go into it in more detail on this forum..... The Kickstarter of it has finished but you can get one when it comes to retail. It also has head tracking built in so my thinking is if I can connect it to my phone, I may be able to mo e the Zano around by moving my head and the video the Zano is showing will be on a 80" screen in full HD with no screen mesh effect..... It will be amazing if I can do that. I really like the idea of the world map and your idea of looking at shared videos and pictures would be great. I wonder if it would be possible to actually live stream from someone flying a ZANO at any one time if they have the privacy setting to allow it? I assume there would be some type of delay if it was possible. Wil it be possible to change the shell? You buy black and change it to white. @Mark T That's a good thought! Surely it would work with Apple TV or smart TVs where you can do screen mirroring? That would be epic! @Matthew - been googling, also came across this: <url>£250,000 stretch goal? @Matthew - Hrm.. considering that HPC that Torquing have, how about <url>ékány they are creating a range extender. Here is the comment from Ivan. Regarding the range extender. There is now significant demand for this so I will see if we can prioritise it and have it ready for June shipment. We are looking to do a universal attachment to your phone so you clip your phone into the extender but the extender is stand alone so you could simply leave it powered up and in your backpack or similar too. @Peter you might get some funny looks from people on the passing bus :-) @Peter Mulholland if we can get a second camera on board vr will definetly happen. @Szabolcs Dékány the range extender will come. No date or price yet I've just backed "Viewbox" on Kickstarter (and I have no affiliations with them). It's a really cheap but good looking VR headset for your phone (thought it was worth a punt for £30 even if it's rubbish). I'd love to see some sort of functionality with VR headsets (whether it be Viewbox, Cardboard, Occulus or any others) and Zano! Imagine having the FPV from Zano in a VR headset, like watching it on an IMAX screen! Hey Ivan, Hey everonye! First off, thanks for the thorough update. It is amazing to actually see that WE helped to shape this little drone. I have one question regarding the update. Back soon after the Kickstarter campaign was launched, there has been a discussion going about a range extender. Did you guys completely scratch the idea of a range extender? I think that this little drone is more capable of doing stuff than within a 30m range. Cheers, Szabolcs @Mark S yes a uhs-I card will work. A micro sd class 6 will even work. You will get better burst mode and possible future HD options if you go with a u3 card. SanDisk gold series are very good cards. Just be warned there are lots of fakes so buy a brand name. It can be adat or any low end brand but it should be from reputable supplier and reputable name. +1 for @Mihai's point of not focusing on some new features to make sure the ones it's got are in and rock solid, and delivered on time. Good question @Mark T. Id add one - if we don't make the final cut of Beta testers, can we appeal? :) @Mihai - I very much agree with your second point. Quality implementation beats a plethora of unusable functions every time (for me). @Larry & all: I saw the discussion a while back. From my perspective, Ivan and the team are a geek's wet dream with the open mind they have shown thus far. This update goes and proves it. @ Ivan: dude, you rock! Back @Larry: i really hope that once the forum is up and running we have a chance to sort all the ideas and keep them visible. from my perspective, the thing that everyone needs to understand is that all these people are willing to go the extra mile so they cater to our every need but in the timeframe they have, they probably won't be able to get everything we want up and functional. For me, the most important thing is to have the zano delivered on time with the basic functions rock solid. After that, they can update to our heart's desire :). Thanks to @ivan @creators @Mark T that's a good point considering were basically testing brand new firmware and updates that haven't been polished yet. @creator great update. Just a small question regarding the beta......... As we all know with beta stuff sometimes problems occur. What happens if we downloaded something via beta testing and it causes problems for our Zano working? That shoudl be an OR not an AND. Show's you the quality of my code!!!! @Creator - thanks for the update! I'm interested to know if the SDK will be part of the beta program, and will there be a seperate beta for the SDK/dev stream? Great update @Ivan, thanks. Thanks for the update Ivan @creator will the standard carry case charge Zano in the case and if you use solar power will the standard have it? Great update! @ALL Ivan just posted Update #11 to reflect evolution of Zano due to US (g) @Mark Penders that is an exceedingly cool spreadsheet! That should go into the archives. It'll be valuable record of history when the zano team is announcing the Zano XIX edition (ala Apple)(that's a joke, kinda) correction I meant 'no GATEWAY' rather than 'no access point' @creator is there going to be an LE of a new color released before the end of the campaign and could you let us know before the campaign is over. Ideas chrome or carbon fibre @creator If my iphone connects to the wifi AP that Zano creates it will not be able to connect to the internet via 3G (as iOs assumes that all wifi has internet connectivity!) to be able to upload the stills/videos for post-processing. (unless I first disconnect it from Zano which seems not very user friendly) If you issue DHCP settings from the Zano with NO access point configured then I believe that the iPhone will continue using 3G for Internet data. Also, when using 3G for uploading video/stills for post-processing will you design some control on what we upload otherwise it could be a slow (and expensive!) process. Perhaps a warning 'you are on 3G and we are about to upload 10mb of data' @Mark Penders LOL. A couple of weeks ago I asked someone else if THEY ever sleep! Yeah, this morning was a 4 a.m. start, but it's only 3 p.m. now.. @Peter No worries, Mate. That's why I whispered the explanation - I didn't want to embarrass you. This may show up twice - the first one disappeared. @Matthew, Regarding the SD card. Will this be a SD card or micro SD? If micro will the following work: SanDisk Ultra 64GB UHS-I/Class 10 Micro SDXC Memory Card? @Larry do you ever sleep? I noticed you online in my morning (GMT+1) and now that it's my evening you're still around! @Peter No problems Mate. "it was pretty early on" that we had that conversation. @Brent I went through the comments and as camera module the OV5640 was mentioned and I guess that this: <url>"taking Selfies" was an appropriate marketing strategy given all the cool abilities the zano already has. Ivan is really impressive about being honest about what is possible AND could be accomplished without pushing the release date back by an hour. They have their goals set, but are willing and obviously able to make huge adjustments - as long as they don't affect the release. VERY cool. @Thomas ... to add to my previous comment. This was mentioned by @ivan earlier: "To be more specific, you could ask Zano to circle you whilst your running along for example. Whilst doing so Zano will keep you in the centre of the camera view. We can add all manner of pre-programmed movements like this." @Brent depends on sd card. With high speed u3 card should exceed 10/sec @Larry. Ah. Ok. Well, erm, this is awkward. Rereading it I can clearly see that... Oh dear. *blushes* @Creator I don't recall if this has been brought up before, but what is Zano's highest framerate (burst) as well as highest shutter speed for photography? I'm also backing Camsformer (a high speed trigger for photography) and got to thinking about the different shutter triggers it has/can have. Just thinking about taking pictures of lightning from up in the area. Thanks and continued praise for all of your work. +1 for a quick update being helpful for potential new backers/fence-sitters leading into the last few days of the campaign - doesn't need to have a video or anything. Just needs to provide a "one-stop" list of the upgraded features (that will definitely be included, or are being looked into as definite possibilities) since launch of the campaign. I remembered that a few weeks ago, @Ivan summarized them, up to that date. Using Mark Penders Excel comments search (thanks, Mark!), I found it. The following was in Ivan's Dec 21 comments. Just need to add the few additional enhancements since then (seems like some enhancements since then are just refinements/further enhancements to this list, so hopefully not too difficult to complete for an update): "1. MicroSD card will be included and firmware to use this. 2. Toss the launch. 3. Charging pads on arms. 4. Camera upgrade modules will be available as we make them and available through www.flyzano.com 5. RGB display will act as display, icons, animations, pictures etc but also display battery status when powered up, act as a torch, flash, act as a beacon, display QR codes of sorts, work as SOS, support display of lives left for dog fighting Zano's etc etc. Total flexibility. 6. Ability to fly upside down and flip 7. We are looking into case as a landing pad/launching pad option for later add on. 8. We are looking into charging Zano whilst in the case without need to connect cable. 9. We are looking into solar booster for case 10. We are looking into all manner of panoramic and inverse panoramic pictures. 11. All manner of firmware updates to support beacon mode, toss to launch and carry out auto photos without use of phone, plus many many more. There is more changes but some mainly for developers but the above are the major ones." @creator : have you explored a solar cell powering wi-fi only, when it gets lost and batterries eventually die, even how prolonged they might be @all - i've updated my spreadsheet with a copy of all the comments to ease searching. <url>"circle and film me while I am doing XYZ" feature will be implemented @Holger I totally agree, I don't use Facebook for many reasons and would hate the idea that the only forum page would be on there. Hopefully the creators have this in hand for their website. Would Zano be able to follow a wakeboarder or wakesurfer behind a boat? If it were to accidentally land in the water, would it sink and would it be water damaged? Every update is appreciated. However I think they are at CES at the moment. Making a video update might be difficult for them at the time being. Great suggestions coming in for people! @Peter M (whispers) It was a joke!...... +1 for the update suggestion. I know @Ivan is going to be crazy busy, and there is only a few days left but it would be a shame to miss out on backers becuase they won't know of all the amazing ideas and new functions that have come about from this community becuase they won't scroll through all the comments. +1 to @Thomas' idea of some sort of world map. Whether it's built into the app or just available on the Zano website it would be cool to see where other Zano's where round the world, so you could see them in other countries and see if any one is just down the road :) @Mark T Please NO Facebook. There are many reasons not to use Facebook. I prefer an Independent website. The comments about sharing locations made me think of sites like Strava, which led me to thinking, what about Zano races? @Larry You could live over a week on that cash? That's 10 times me yearly wage?!? @Mark T - +1 for not being on Facebook! @Thomas I think the sending a signal to the registered owner if lost and found is a great idea..... Can you imagine the face on the person who found it and tried to keep it, when there's a knock at the door and your asking for the Zano back! Pure genius! I also love the idea of the world map.... Would be great to see who is flying in my own area by seeing it on a Google maps style interface. I'm trying to think of a name for my Zano...... Sad I know :-) @Doug +1 on the update idea. @Ivan - after all the ideas, creativity and commitment i have seen in the last few days in the comments section i am blown away by the level of support this project is getting. As Doug said, the features and options available at this point are light years away from the original story. It simply doesn't do the project justice anymore. And in order to attract more people a serious update is in order detailing everything that has been discussed here and set as a future upgrade, release feature, etc. I doubt a lot of people will scroll through 2500 comments to see what you guys are up to... It would be a shame to lose backers. Keep up the great work! @All I have to say out of the 4 Kickstarter projects I have backed this one is by far the friendliest and most informative of the bunch! And massive credit must go to Ivan who is constantly in touch with the crowd and making changes if practical on the fly. I know some have mentioned a proper Facebook forum for the future, unfortunately for me I don't use Facebook but would like to have some sort of future forum up and running sharing everyone's experiences etc. I think it was mentioned way back that there may be a forum put together on flyzano.com, will that be the case? Hi again. another Idea. What about a 'Orbit follow me' Not just follow...you habe to enter a circle like 5meter via App. And then the Zano circle around you while you are walking or so.. Hi, I also backed now for a black one...but sadly not the LE...and also resistered as a beta...can't wait to see it in action. Will there be spare props for every supporter? I also wanted to share some Ideas: 1. Maybe Zano could get some personalized decals.. 2. A Serial Number as a QR-Code to identify every Zano and this QR must be scanned within the App to connect. And if a Zano is lost or stolen and someone wants to connect with the free App the GPS of Zano will be send to the registerd owner. 3. A Zano World Map. Every Owner ( only if activated) could send GPS Data of its Zano to a Server via App and everybody with a registered Zano could see where in the World ever flow a Zano. Now I try to read all the missed comments. greetings from germany @frans Ivan has persuaded me with the more than daily, full detailed, no nonsense updates on all comments. @Frans Geeraert - Nothing is certain in life (other than death, taxes and Germany winning football matches, of course :-) but the developers have had a pre-production version of Zano (to say nothing of their military/law enforcement products) for a while, now and the past 6 weeks or so has been more about working out enhancements and putting into place all the pieces required to actually bring a project to fruition. I would say (and I'm putting my money on it) that the professionalism, dedication and sheer knowledge of the develops all bodes well for them hitting their target date of June 2015. I say 'go for it' and help everyone to meet the £2 million target! @ Frans Geeraert What are your concerns? As you can understand general "feeling" can't really be answered successfully, by other backers or ZANO folks. I'm sure that if you provide some detail on your concerns we can all help you. At least 9479 have enough confidence in ZANO. I hope you too join the "team ZANO" ADCHESNEY This is an awesome campaign, but there are so many questions, options, promises and so on. I was also a backer of the smartwatch Pebble. After the campaign ended I did have to wait 1,5 year before I got my Pebble. I'm afraid this is a similar project, so I have some doubts if I will be a backer. +1 for a new update @doug and @creators @Creator - I guess you will hate me for suggesting this because it yet more work for you but ... I think you need to do another update as soon as possible listing all the new features (including stretch goals) that are going to be added to Zano. With a hoped for surge resulting from CES attendees, backers are going to want to see what they will get for their money and the original Story no longer does justice to the current evolution of Zano. And they sure as hell are not going to plough through 2500+ comments! Hi Varun am from India as well, the courier service wouldn't matter what would.matter is the custom fee. Ivan had mentioned he would look into shipping zano as a gift this could avoid custom, if not am planning to ship it locally to a friend in UK and have it shipped from there to India as a gift. The standard battery is 350 mAh (10-15 mins) there is also an upgrade to 650mAh and 850mAh @Mark Penders: Thank you for your answer. I'll check that post. Creating a beacon is indeed what I mean, though a moving one. The heli can go easily in excess of 100 mph. However the Zano does not have to tailgate it. My intention is rather that I station the Zano let's say 25 meters up in the sky and it's camera follows the path my heli takes. Oops, premature speculation re CES. Has anyone seen any video of the CES? If so, can you post a link please? Varun sorry I bumped "send". @Variun Welcome! If you scroll down to the nearest section that has a blue background, I think Ivan (one of the Creators) talked about the battery capac @Mark Penders: of the list of soon to be real firmware additions, I think I absolutely love the toss to launch. I can imagine the look on people's faces when you take out this cool machine and just TOSS it., you say "smile", and it returns with the pic as if it had read your mind. Nice Gadget :) I'm from INDIA, I'm worried about the shipment actually! What is the courier service ? I see you have mentioned 2200mAh for Charger, how mush is the ZANO battery capacity ? (I assume it should be 500mAh when you say 3 to 4 time rechargeable.) @Mark Penders. You say 200K like it's chump change (lol). I could live over a week on that amount of cash! Unless of course some fancy zano hardware is released.... @All +Ivan although I'm CERTAIN that I haven't missed a single syllable of the 2,535 comments to date (yeah right) has anyone ever mentioned/asked where the zano got its name? I know it's trivial, but "Enquiring minds want to know". Anyone? TIA Getting to £2M at CES will be like a walk in the park for the team in Las Vegas, I'm estimating that they have to cover less than 200K @TimZ46 shortly before Xmas, @ivan gave an overview of the ideas that are on the to-be-implemented list. No. 11 was: "All manner of firmware updates to support beacon mode, toss to launch and carry out auto photos without use of phone, plus many many more.". I guess there's your answer, although I haven't seen any information on how the beacon function would be implemented. Max speed of Zano is 25 mph, I'm not sure what your RCs is? @Didier Despois if you have 6 batteries and 2 drones you should be able to keep at least 1 in the air at all times if a human is there to swap batteries. Hexacharger found at oakbanktech.com was designed with this goal in mind. If you want charging on basses with lipo batteries you would probably need 4. Once we can get graphine caps we could charge zano in 16s @Dooley Wong Thank you - on this basis I will increase my Pledge and adjust the "reward" later on. ADCHESNEY @adchesney that's creator answered me before Hey Dooley. Regarding upgrading your pledge. Kickstarter only allows you to choose one reward. We will ask you on the survey at the end of the campaign what items you want and will fulfil your order. Only one shipping charge is require no matter how many Zano’s you want :-) Thank you for your support. I'm having a problem in managing my pledge - I want to add a LE Red to my 2 x GITD making a total of £619. I can change the amount but the "gift" still stays as 2 x GITD. Any ideas? ANDREW In just 6 minutes 2 backers were added! Oh! does this have the FPV feature on your phone etc. of the camera in real time if so I missed that? @Mark Penders I don't know that the zano REQUIRES line of sight. If you are using a wifi radio or laptop they can operate without line of sight. Correct me if I'm wrong, sometimes being logical doesn't work out too well with computer stuff. The 500 meter range extender would be a real problem if you needed line of sight. @creator, Do you know if there's going to be any Videos of the CES show clips on the Zano booth Q&A's to see? Also (maybe you don't want to answer this one) But I have a lot of charging sticks for cell phones etc. will they also work for the Zano? I understand at the end were going to be able to add extra batteries? Correct??? So many good comment's to keep up to. 2 million soon! @Tobias W I don't know about the return through a window part of your question, but the last I heard, the zano "knows" its altitude relative to the Iphone controlling it. If you are at the top of a mtn and it was 30 ft above you, that's the altitude it'd work with (I think) @creator how long is the Zano allowed to be out of line-of-sight? I can imagine that passing behind a tree isn't a problem, but flying behind a long wall is. Can you describe what happens? @Mark Penders & weather: the zano already has a barometric pressure gauge going all the time, so that might be the foundation. Besides, meteorologists just pretend to know what's coming. Maybe zano could do something obvious like popping up an umbrella as a hint. @creator @johngorst @dougconran thanks for the clarification, I wasn't aware of the 60g limit and should have known better!!! I think there will probably be some legal challenges ahead and hope that Zano can be a benchmark for good practice and procedure. Hey guys, I fly RC heli's and have been wondering if it is at all possible to create some sort of "tag" that emits a signal which you can attach to the heli so that the Zano can 'lock in' onto that signal and autoposition itself to keep the heli in frame while filming? Would be like your own personal robotic cameraman beside you. :) Will Zano remember the absolute altitude when it starts? -> Will it be possible to return to its home location even if that means that it has to fligh through a window 20m over the ground? +1 for temperature measurement - great idea :-) @ivan could you use Zano for weather measurements as well? Windspeed, wind direction, temp. etc? Hi, thanks again for all your answers ! I would like to have a Zano in the air for the longest possible time. Beside solutions like tether, helium balloon support,...I'm thinking of two other options: * How many Zanos do you need to have always one in the air ? Is it 3-4 (30min charge - e.g. on a docking station, 10 min flight each )? * Another solution could be an automatized exchange of the battery: - could a battery be placed outside the Zano, below it ? would it affect a lot the balance ? Of course I don't expect this to be a standard feature of the Zano (but nothing against !), I just would like to know if it could be a feasible hack - should power be continuously maintained during the exchange (not to lose any information ? to avoid some booting time ?) - How precise can the landing be? Sorry about the repeated comment. Not sure what happened, I just refreshed the page. *blushing* Hello ZANOfans and Ivan. Wow, just over £1.75 million and still four days to go. That two million target is so achievable. Well done. Just read the article on the BBC website. That's great publicity and shows how seriously this project is being taken. Well done again. I'm glad to hear that the Red Limited edition is going to be matt rather than gloss. Can't wait to see the final version. So, it's an exciting time for the ZANOfan community and the Torquing Group. The next six months are going to be amazing. Keep up the comments everyone. Ken. I am wondering , any upgrade possibility in the future? Eg like the camera , motor, etc? The camera can get 720p 30ftp video or 1080p? @Doug Conran - it's only when you start to unpack the issues and think about the direct and indirect linkages that you see the enormity of the challenge from a regulation perspective. The UK has been leading the way in terms of the ability to fly UAVs in controlled airspace for almost a decade now and the issues are really challenging. When you flow down to small UAVs and then nano-UAVs the challenges whilst smaller scale aren't much easier to solve and many require a societal mindset change from operators and non-operators alike. 2015 may well be a tipping point though @Ivan thanks for looking into the LE high capacity battery upgrade much appreciated @Rene S. Zano only points down when it flies in that direction. When hovering it will be level. @Creator - what has been your experience in taking lipo batteries on aircraft? I assume that is what you did when going to CES. Just thinking through my point (1) below a bit further - I think that one could make a case for any device flying over traffic could be dangerous, not so much in itself but because of the distraction it could cause to a driver if it gets out of control. So there is the issue of 'transferred' danger that also needs to be considered. @Chris Sands - I agree that there is always one (often dozens!) and you see the results on youtube all the time. Having said that I think there is a world of difference between a Zano and a Phantom videoing in the same space. To me it boils down to 2 questions:- 1. What is the physical danger to people and property if something untoward happens? 2. To what extent is someone's legitimate privacy being compromised. As regards (1), I just don't think that something weighing 60gms is ever going to do any damage, even if it is powered into someone. I reckon your standard frisbee is more dangerous than a Zano. With regard to (2), filming in public places is not infringing anyone's privacy as long as they, themselves are in a public place. Ie filming people in a park is okay, filming someone in their back garden or inside their house is not. To a large extent the privacy issue only becomes an issue if someone is unwise enough to publish their efforts in a public forum such a youtube and then, on the whole, you can identify and prosecute them. Is it possible to fly the Nano Drone, at the angle I want to, to get the picture/video shot in the angle I want it, or does it have to fly leveled? @creator - a sound approach wrt weight limits. The UAS/UAV market will undergo a significant amount of maturing from a regulatory perspective in many markets and especially the UK & US. It's likely that most of this will be focused on the larger devices and in this market there's a distinction between commercial and non-commercial usage. For me the nano approach that Zano takes is a real attraction and will likely be a positive differentiator. Keep up the good work. Hello ZANOfans and Ivan. Wow, just over £1.75 million and still four days to go. That two million target is so achievable. Well done. Just read the article on the BBC website. That's great publicity and shows how seriously this project is being taken. Well done again. I'm glad to hear that the Red Limited edition is going to be matt rather than gloss. Can't wait to see the final version. So, it's an exciting time for the ZANOfan community and the Torquing Group. The next six months are going to be amazing. Keep up the comments everyone. Ken. Hey Guys, I'm super excited to have backed this project and can already see plenty of use cases for it. I have a question though, will we be able to take the raw image files from the camera, even if thats not currently possible is it something that could be done and have the files saved on the Zanos micro SD as DNG files or somthing? @johngorst I totally agree, as long as people aren't stupid it will be fine. There is always one though, that will spoil it for the rest of us!!! Thinking about what the creator is proposing re restricting flying of Zano it would be precarious of them to only program some of the law into the OS as then they will open up the user to say to the authorities that Torquing Group programmed it to not work illegally so they are ok to fly it. Torquing Group then may open themselves up to legal action.... It only takes someone to complain to a policeman in Trafalgar Square for a can of worms to be opened. Again, I agree that if we are sensible it wombs an issue. But are we all sensible?!!! @ChrisSands There is talk about sub 60g being below regulation in UK. Also as long as no one is being dangerous (difficult sub 60g) or annoying people then you will be able to fly in your back garden or most other places in 'built up areas'. The creator video shows filming outside a pub (I.e. Built up area within 50m of the people it is taking 'selfies' of) and I doubt the CAA will be chasing them down! We were all breaking the law for years copying CD's to iTunes and recording TV onto VHS but practically no one cared as long as you weren't being stupid about it. @Ivan , would it be possible to post an photo of the actual color of GITD? @Mark T , the idea for the battery upgrade looks more than fair, especially for the 215 pledges, which by the way look less and less appealing (especially in GITD low numbers support that). Hope this time you will get a feedback on your suggestion Hi, I really like the idea that Zano will not work when it is illegal to do so. Will it be made clear by an info post on your phone/tablet as to which law is preventing it from flying otherwise you may get a lot of owners complaining that their drone won't work, and they don't know!!! The U.K. Law is quite strict, this is an extract from the Air Navigation Order: The aircraft must not be flown: over or within 150 metres of any congested area over or within 150 metres of an organised open-air assembly of more than 1,000 persons; within 50 metres of any vessel, vehicle or structure which is not under the control of the person in charge of the aircraft within 50 metres of any person except during take-off or landing, the aircraft must not be flown within 30 metres of any person except for the person in charge of the aircraft. And for completeness, a congested area is: ‘any area of a city, town or settlement which is substantially used for residential, industrial, commercial or recreational purposes’ It may be down to interpretation but this would prevent flights in a lot of places, especially the poster who was interested in flying the Zano in a crowded square, eg Trafalgar Square. Your no fly zone area, eg Downing Street is great, but according to the law you wouldn't be able to fly it anywhere near Downing Street anyway.... Just something for discussion at the moment but actually flying Zano in any town or city in the UK would at present be illegal. Even in your back garden.... Love the project and will be finding a big field to play with mine!!!! Hi there Creators Regarding the higher capacity battery,I am not worried about the weight of the ZANO as there is currently no laws or restrictions imposed on such devices in my country and would very much like to "trade up"my default batteries if possible to the higher capacity ones as long as the ZANO remains just as capable with the slightly heavier,higher capacity batteries.I would like to do the same with the higher spec camera module as well if possible.Would it be possible at all to trade up the default camera module that comes with the ZANO to the higher spec camera module by adding on more money to my pledge? It would seem logical for me to try and do so as once I have the higher spec camera module and higher capacity battery fitted on the ZANO,the default camera module and battery will become redundant to me as i would no longer have use for it. Thank You Very Much Hilmi :) *higher capacity that was meant to say @Ivan in a previous post I asked about the LE and whether it could be feasible to upgrade both batteries to the the capacity as part of the LE package, that way people would feel that they they were getting something a little extra as part of the LE title. Just an idea?? @all - I think this is the definitive article on what batteries can be taken on aircraft. Its pretty turgid stuff (surprise, surprise) but I guess if you were to print it out and put it in front of any jobsworth it would be game, set & match. The article is at: <url>"if I wanted to take the zano on holiday with me...." Kinda sounded like "taking the wife on holiday". @Dave B As I got to thinking about your progress pictures. Maybe you could also use them to generate your pre-job estimate without having to necessarily crawl up on the roof (or show the client what needs to be done). @Larry lol yeah I suppose your right about the relationship thing, I think it's part of the fact that it actually looks like a little character in its own way. I live my gadgets and technology (probably too much) and I reckon the Zano will rank towards the top of the things I have in terms of it being special! @Larry & Mark - I guess the multicolour LEDs and display panel might also help, as you could have different colours set of each Zano, or a big flashy number shown on the panel. @Mark Penders I had the same reasoning regarding the differing colors That's going to be SO cool. @Dave B - that sounds like satisfying work! I'll look forward to seeing some of the vids! @Mark T Lots of very serious situations to be resolved - or at least clarified. BTW, have you noticed that you talk like you've already developed quite the relationship with your zano (g) I think we all do that with some technology or other. Isn't that a core requirement for admission to Geekdom? @Dave Barber - sounds like a neat usage of the zano. Even if the positioning isn't exactly perfect from day to day, you should be able to crop all the pics to come out the same using their super-duper computer at Torquing, Limited. @Larry J. Geguzis I didn't retype all of the comments :-) but merely scrolled down to the very first one, select all available at the time and copied them into the spreadsheet One of the reasons I chose 2 different colors is to keep them apart when simultaneously in the air. @creator Still thinking about video making. My husband is a bartender freestyle (same thing could be applied for concerts tho), and I was think about a way to take video of some competitions he participate. Would be possible to set a "path" zano will follow while recording? For example: put zano in front of the hubby - push set position (to save the first point) - move zano to the second location - push set position - etc etc if u want to add extra steps - then push save to save the whole itinerary. You could have a button to set a cycle where Zano keeps going thru all preset positions, also a time frame/speed it should keep. If it's saved in the memory, u could charge zano and it will remember where to go in the space??? Essentially it's taking a video with autopilot.... Think who cool it could be with 2 or more zanos. With the video app u could split the video in 2 for X amount of sec and have both video to run instead of cutting one or another.... Just free thoughts :) @Creator. What if I forget to put an SD card or the SD card capacity is full? Where will the video goes to if there is no internet connection? @Doug Conran re pledges, I'm a virgin here so Ill defer to your comment, but I DID entered into this assuming that I'd only pledge an amount that I could cover. So the amount won't be an issue, but getting things to balance exactly might. The Creators seem pretty layed back so.... Thanks for the YouTube link Gonna go watch it now. I will put this question out there as I don't have a clue regarding the answer. The batteries being used can be quite dangerous and have been known to set on fire if not handled or charged correctly. In the UK the Royal Mail will not allow for these types of batteries to go through their postal service. So my question is what issues may i have if I wanted to take the Zano on holiday with me, particularly on a plane?? And where would I need to store it, hand luggage or in cargo hold? Also would there be any countries where Zano could be confiscated due to not being allowed to take it into the country? I help build drystone walls, bridges and other objects. They take 2-10 days - over up to 2 months - to build. I'll be using Zano to record progress and results from up-on-high. I'll be looking for software to be able to position Zano in exactly the same spot over the course of the build - to take time-lapse style pics. Eg every day, fly to the same coordinates and take a snapshot. I'm sure this feature will be available but if needed, I'll build the software myself. @Dave Barber I just did EXACTLY the same thing! Weird. Thanks for posting the Black LE's availability (as did I). Precision Karma. @ALL If anyone is interested in a LE Black bundle, I just freed one up by pledging for a Red LE instead, (and a GITD bundle). What an exquisitely difficult decision to make. Been debating it with myself for the last 3 or 4 days (LOL). Be well. Someone's snapped it up. I've just dropped a £189 Black for a £189 Red - been thinking about searching for it if it's ever "misplaced". Wanted a Camo but that was going to be worse searching for it. And for Skiing, a red will be perfect. The Black slot is still there... I just cam across this (<url>"pot" up and even more incredible. I'm sure that the Creators will straighten it up shortly. @Aziz Ahmed - I think that you're right. My understanding is that, at the pledge stage (ie now) you should only add to your existing pledge for additional rewards. Any additional items such as batteries, props etc should all be added at the time that the survey comes out (at the end of the campaign when the developers will have a better idea of item costs). I'm not too sure how purchasing using the survey form will work but I would assume that it will be along the lines of a standard online shopping cart. @Aziz I think your right, the battery costs were just approx I think and would probs need to be purchased after campaign has finished. I'm still wondering if it would be feasible for all the LE to come with the higher capacity batteries as part of the deal..... That would be more of an incentive to pay the extra costs for the LE!! @creators would this be possible?? Arghhhh! Penders = Parsons SORRY. @Shawn Penders Thanks a llot for the dimensions. At this stage things fall into 3 categories: 1) I can see 'em without my glasses, 2) I can see them with my glasses, or 3) I might as well deny that they exist. Sounds like these are well into the 3rd (or 4th) group. Thanks a lot. Oh, and thanks for converting the measurements to non-metric terms. ADCHESNEY, not sure that is correct by adding extra £30 will cover extra props and battery, I am sure if battery was available they would have added it on as a pledge add on or extra! I have looked at the update and can't see any mention of adding extra to cover cost for battery, unless I missed it! I think it's something we might be able to do at time of survey. @Larry J I would guess they will be 0603 LEDs --> 1.6 mm × 0.8 mm (0.063 in × 0.031 in) Ivan would have to confirm the LED size he is using though. @Mark Penders: Copying literally thousands of comments ? Holy Crow! I say this with affection in my heart, but I think that you have to get OUT more! (LOL). I may as well admit that I'm running the same course for the length of this KS campaign (and I'm not likely to change anything after it's over). Has anyone said just how large the UV lights are? Just curious. TIA J'attends aussi de savoir la capacités de la batterie final si c'est 350 ou 800 mAh car ces plus du double au final la durée du vol sera de 20 à 30mn au lieu de 10 à 15mn, non et comment les commander et à qu'elle prix. D'autre part, j'ai lu quelque commentaires ou il ai dit des propositions pour le faire revenir ou éviter les arbres, il le fait déjà ? Pour moi il fait beaucoup de choses. J'ai un drone de Parrot qui n'ai pas aussi perfectionner, donc pour moi prendre des photos ou des vidéos en fixe ou ce qui est super le mode suivi meme vas et je ne vois pas quoi ajouter de plus, une idée qui me vient à l'esprit, il faudrat faire attention de ne pas mettre le mode suivi si on plonge, si non, adieu le Zano. A+ @2 Ben Congrats! That's a neat feeling. Kinda like finding a dollar on the sidewalk. @adchesney You have it! Cost of the zano(s), +10 Lbs once for shipping, and an estimate of the "supplies" added. HTH I've just pledged an extra £30 over the £440 in the hope that some extras (batteries, props, etc.) will be available - is this the correct way of doing this? ADCHESNEY just grabbed a 139 spot :) Thanks to whoever changed his mind! @Mark Penders Thank you very much for copying all the comments into the Dropbox format @creator - if now all Zano's get UV LEDs, it is possible to enclose for the non-GITD Zanos a sheet with tailor-made, self-adhesive foils Glow in the Dark? Anyone can then be as required Zano equip it for night flights. I would like to train a bird to go for a "walk" with zano... Was looking to get a pink and gray galah in a few years, would be fun to try... Ain't anyone interested in zano fling like a bird? @Lim Kok Leong from @creator: "I would expect the case to hold 4 batteries in total with the ZanoFuel and Zano as well as spare propellers and charging cable." Back in November they stated that the dimensions of both the standard and LE case were to be finalized. I guess they should be finalized by now :-) @creator, possible to know the dimensions for zanofuel? @all As searching in the comments is difficult, I've copied the comments into a spreadsheet (MS Excel). I've done no editing whatsoever and copied/pasted in two goes, so the time references are mixed up, but at least gives you the ability to search on whatever you like. I'll update it in a few days again and repost. <url>£414 for the same combo: £215 for the LE GITD + £189 for the LE RED and £10 for postal @creator, your new comment mentioned about new design space for the battery. So my questions, what will be the final battery for Kickstarter? 350mAh or 800mAh? And what will it cost for 800mAh? For ordering extra battery all we need to do is increasing our pledged by £5.20/battery? Thanks We need about £60\day. At least we'll know soon! Lol� The creator(s) won't know what to do with all that spare time (not). Be well and g night for now. Thanks @Matthew. So about £5 extra per battery? I would like to pledge enough for two more. How much flight time do you get out of a battery again? @Matthew how much flight time from your extra power batteries? @Arnel Teh Thanks. @dom yes but with 30 min down time between runs. If you want to stay in the air lots of batteries is the way to go(or tether) @Matthew C., Just keep up the good work...heads up! Zano Community will support you all the way...cheers!! Awesome thanks Simon, was just looking at Matthew's hex charger. Also looking at zanos info, noticed it says zano fuel will be able to do 4-5 full battery charges... So am I right in thinking, two batteries and a fuel stick will effectively give 6-7 full runs of zano, with very little down time? @Dom - extra batteries are expected to be about $8 US each. @Matthew Cornelisse is setting up a kickstarter to sell sets of batteries and a six battery intelligent charger for Zano, and Torquing (the designers of Zano) are supporting his efforts. @Matthew will probably get in trouble if he answers this himself (lol). Wondering how much extra we would need to pledge if we wanted a couple of extra batteries to fill all 4 slots in the case... Or an extra zano fuel stick maybe... @Ivan...right decision on the uv leds turning it on or off...everybody is happy on that, "it's better to have it and not need it than to need it and not have it" cheers to everyone!! @Larry J. Geguzis Sure facial recognition would be cool too. But finding a smartphone screen strobing the right signal on Trafalgar Square would be a lot easier. ;-) @Thomas re registration: I'm pretty sure that they can let people know that their form has been received. They sound like they are going to work hard to get a good, representative sample of people as beta testers, which in my experience takes time. In fact, I hope that they ARE working hard at selecting just that. It's an art. @Thomas That sounds like a doable idea on homing in in the screen. There was talk early on about them hoping to add face recognition for the photography/filming. If they have that it could just come back to the familiar face. @Creator: 1) Would it be possible to send out an email saying "Registration successfull" to those that registered as beta testers? I'm not entirely sure that my registration went through. 2) A thought about how to make the Zano "return home": A quite likely usage scenario for me would be to use it for vacation selfies for instance in a large, open square in a city. So I launch the Zano, it rises vertically up and does a 360 panorama right above me, then flies a bit away to do a video or stills while flying in a big circle (keeping the camera pointing at me). Now comes the tricky part: Returning to me whilst NOT hitting other tourists. GPS alone may very well be too inaccurate for this. So I had a thought: How about using the screen of my smartphone? If the screen shows an easily recognizable symbol (or flashes in a certain way or whatever) then the Zano could use that visual cue to home in on me - it could even be programmed to fly very close to the smartphone screen and only when close enough it would land on whatever surface was there, for instance the palm of my hand. It would be a practical and rather accurate way of retrieving the Zano. Plus it would look totally cool! ;-) Do you get my idea? A camera-assisted, very precise return-to-smartphone feature. Would this be possible? It would offer a safe way of retrieving the Zano also in other situations such as over water, wet snow, wet grass, etc. This could even work then the operator is moving, for instance on a skateboard or rollerskates. Always look for highest u rated card you can get. Also buy name brand as there are a lot of fake sd cards I don't know the prices off the top of my head, but if that's the two prices add 10 for shipping and you'd be correct. Sorry if this is a dumb question, but if I wanted the red and camo limited edition packages, would I simply pledge 424 (199+225)? @Abdul Be sure to get the fastest storage card that you can. @Abdul. The Zano will come with a microSD slot. @Creator. What is Zano internal storage size? My concern is when there is no Internet connection, where is the video stored? The phone? I'm pretty sure that in one of the videos, they mentioned that the zanos chat with each other via 3 modes. That would certainly be a boon for anyone with more than a single zano (aside from the element of fun), in that one zano can communicate with another and say something like I've fallen and I can't get up! What would you think is the best course of action for the still mobile drone? Hover 10 feet over the victim? Return to you and say do flips or flash SOS and then guide you back to the victim? I backed for two, just because I think the enjoyment of watching them interact/sync is worth more than the difference in price. It seems like zanos are going to be pretty boredom resistant. Hobbies tend to get old, but gradually increasing your fleet will likely keep things fresh. according to there FAQ "Due to size and weight restrictions, ZANO's camera is fixed at this stage." @David Moyer - the camera will be tiltable (not fixed) and there will be digital stabilisation, both with onboard software and in post processing on their HPC. @Simon Jones h bridges arent birectional so they will not know if motors spin. However it can detect direction zano pints so maybe flip upside down then back up. @Matthew Cornelisse could be turned off by say rotating one of the rotors, software detection of some sort. Another idea I was thinking of is Zano has return to home function and obstacle avoidance. Will Zano have a water mode? Let's say your using Zano by a lake or from a boat and you tell it to come home. When the water mode is engaged Zano would return home then hover 1 meter above ground/water level for you to retrieve instead of landing in the water! @Simon Jones need an easy way to shut off as soon as possible to try and save the battery. If you discharge to far the battery will never take charge again. Still better to lose battery then zano but may as well try to salvage both. Just checked the link and now know what the hexacharger is. @creator - You have talked about Mesh networking of the Zano. Have you thought about supporting NHRP? @Matthew Cornelisse exactly what I thought. Id sooner kill a battery than lose my Zano. @Matthew what's the hexacharger that's been mentioned? @Simon Jones very true. Better to kill an $8 battery then lose a $200 drone. Special Circumstances - wow you put some thought into that, i would be more than happy with that outcome, i believe that would be the best outcome! @Peter Thomson check out <url>"Find my Zano" feature, which guides the phone to the last know location. Crash detection - so some code on the Zano detects when it's "stuck" somewhere (e.g. I try to change my orientation but it's not working, so I must be stuck). This sends an alert to the App, and also puts the Zano in an special low energy mode, which wakes up every (say) 30 seconds, eacons, tries to connect, makes a noise, flashes a lot, etc. then goes back to sleep. It stays in this mode (conserving as much power as possible) until back in range of the phone, at which point it reconnects and transmits the data needed to find it. As most of the power use is the motors, I'd say the average Zano could do this for a while? I guess it's all about how the Zano responds to the out of range situation, and that's just software, so ultimately, being fairly autonomous, it'll behave as it's instructed. @David Moyer i don't believe it is tiltable. Its going to be set at 15degrees down. The distress buzzer/alarm could activate if left disconnected from your phone for more than say 30 mins. Could be software managed to drain the lipo battery to death. Should be able to sound for hours even after Zano has run out of flying power. Bit like the low battery warning on a smoke alarm! @creator I'm not sure if this has been covered but will the tiltable camera act as a 2d gimble and if not is there any sort of camera stabilization. Thanks I'd like to get about a half dozen extra batteries with my Zano. Will this option be available? If so how can I pay for them? Thanks Losing a zano up a tree etc would be a nightmare and unfortunately a very real scenario. Take my mountain biking vid for example, last known gps is good and all but your not going to be looking at zano while doing your activity, you finish your run and look up into the sky, no zano! You run back to where the apps last known location is but since then the battery on zano has gone flat, that was its last know location before it went out of range, it could be 20-30m away in any direction. Im not sure how loud 2w would be 20m up a tree but its a good start, your battery has gone flat as well so im guessing the speaker wont work either.. Need some good recovery ideas to be put into place :) @Simon - you've got me thinking now... assuming the Zano is alive but stuck, perhaps there could be some use of the Mesh networking and Zano to Zano comms to enable a search and recover mission using another Zano? There could even be preset seach patterns. More seriously though, for those of us who enjoy a bit of off-piste snow, and might well take a Zano with us, would there be any application for Zano in searching post-avalanche? You'd need an appropriate receiver of course, but it might be an interesting avenue to explore. I backed another project on Kickstarter called Liquid Off which puts an invisible water proof layer on fabrics etc. I seem to remember they also did one for electronics, this could make Zano Water Proof! @Simon - I seem to remember from somewhere that there was a speaker in the Zano, not sure I'm right, but I don't know what else the 2w Class D Audio Amplifier would be for... I guess you could get it to call for help! Homing beacon sounds good. App guides you to last know location, then locates and guides to Zano, very neat idea :) @Simon Jones yes both audible visual alarm and gps map on screen. @flyzano Hey I'm very excited for the full backing plus over 10 fold for the funding of zano and I have signed up for the beta tester slot and I was wondering how and when we will be notified of you choose to use our help? Thank you! Will Zano have a built in homing beacon? Say for instance your Zano gets caught by a high sudden gust of wind and disappears out of range and sight. I know Zano will try and return home but if it's been grounded or stuck in a tree it would be very useful if it was able to send you its GPS coordinates once you were within range of it! (I lost a helicopter last Christmas was using it without issue at 15m or so hight. Took it a bit higher and it got hit by an air current that blowed it out of sight never to be seen again!) @Garvani | SoSR 3.93 the object avoidance and object tracking should make this possible. Updates may be needed so sign up as beta tester to help them improve the ability to follow in bad terain I havn't scrolled through all the nearly 2,400 comments but i havnt seen much about the tethering/following abilities yet, ive read it can but havn't seen any video of such. How good is this feature actually going to be? i do a bit of mountain biking, and would love to use it for that, here is my local track, would it be able to navigate through the trees etc? <url>"corners " of an already crammed circuit board. Now we can put together an after market bom carriage add-on linked to the uv leds, such that when we turn them on, we would drop a paint ball onto our victim bellow ;o) Assuming the weitten data of 15-30m optimal operating range: would a booster portable wifi pack be meaningful to fit into carrying case? Or even the carrying case itself becoming one? @Special Circumstances I wish I could do organic shapes or I would design a cat and dog shell. Be funny with 2 chasing each other Matthew lol. Mark T , I totally agree!!! @Emmanuel - I notice you have posted that twice. But don't be fooled by the recent discussion on LEDs - it's a chatty Comments page and that's just the topic of the day, there is a lot of intelligence in the Zano, and the virtual tethering, autonomy and obstacle avoidance are key to the product (or so it seems to me) and key to it's ease of use for the average consumer. Have a view of the autonomy video on the Story page. I did like your idea of a chicken shaped Zano shell - just kidding.... ;) @Emmanuel Tuts - didn't you just say that about an hour ago? @Aziz Ahmed are you sure you got that wrong hi all.... the more I read all this comments about colors and leds ,the more I get the impression that Zano is becoming for many 'have you seen ME with my zano'.In the coming years,drones will booming in all kind of shapes and possibilities.The laws will follow!So I hope that every zano user will also hold their' latest 'pin connected to their sensors in their brains when launching a zano........ I don't like to see that zano becomes a 'throw it in the air because it 's a chicken that can fly......' Danger not dager Matthew lol, how did you know? I am already in the dager zone with my wife lol. But seriously it's difficult to drop a early bird pledge, if I could would have both lol @Aziz Ahmed if my wide wouldn't kill me for doing that I would. Just did my part and pledged for a Camo Zano. Looking forward to this nicely integrated piece of technology. I applaud the way the creators are active with updates and keeping their backers in the know. And it's a joy to see how there is a strong community forming already, which is a backbone for every great product! I pledged for the £139 early bird but thinking should I pledge an extra £70 just for the glow :( If the campaign were to end right now, translated into dollars, it would be in the top 20 Kickstarters of all time! That's obviously because of the amazing product, but it also speaks volumes to the attention and interactions by the @creators and the enthusiastic Zano community. Here's to finishing in the top 10! (About £2.2 million). <url>"Design Your Own" Zano-Shell website I think... @matthew your offers and ideas are good, but aren't you using this project page as a way to try and drum up business for yourself?? If so I don't really agree with that being done, after all this us about Zano and its creators, not what you can offer to people for a fee!! That's just my thoughts and no offence meant! So far have 2 color choice votes. <url>"101" on it... Or perhaps you could add that to all the limited editions - just slip the decals into the packaging for application should the backer desire it? Or is that all a bit too much like Thunderbirds? (worryingly I am now imagining a fleet of glowing numbered Zano's departing from a Zano-port, with the Thunderbirds theme tune in the background) @ivan can I have a header to use that gpio pin for something else also. Since uv lights not visible could be great way to add toys. @Doug, oh alright I understand now I must have misunderstood what was being asked, thanks for the help @Ivan, I agree also that sounds pretty darn good to me @Ivan - Nice work! Apparently you can please all of the people! (some of the time) ;) @franco go to manage your pledge then you can increase the amount you want to pledge ie add the amount for a second Zano....... Then when you get the survey you state on it what the extra pledge was for. Hi I already pledged £225 for a Glow In the Dark Zano. I would like to pledged for other packs, how can I do that? @Ivan sounds good to me! :-) I understood reading your projetc details, that every pledge includes one spare battery, but the family pack has no details delated to spare batteries. Do you include one spare battery for each zano or just one spare battery for the pack? @Doug I think I have to agree with you regarding the UV connected to landing lights.... So every time you wanted to charge the glow you have to start to land..... Nah I don't think that's a good way. I think it boils down to how much power can be saved if the UV LEDs weren't used. If it's next to nothing then easier option is to have them on all..... If it is going to save enough power then remove them from the non glow versions. @Shaun Parsons - to me that is the worst of all worlds. All Zanos will take the hit of having them, albeit only on some of the time, whereas the GITDs will only get their shells charged during the (infrequent?) times that the blue landing lights are on. Best compromise for me is GITDs to have them (on all the time) all other models not to have them. @Ivan UV LEDs for the shell linked to only the blue landing LEDs, so that the UV LEDs only shine when the blue landing LEDs shine, is a very good compromise, to my mind. ;o) @Brendon Swift - There will be regualr rgb landing lights on both the GITD and all other Zanos. The issue is whether to have, in addition, UV leds (needed to make the GITD [continue to] glow in the dark) on just the GITD models or on all models when, in their current configuration, they will only be used on GITD models. If you don't have a GITD it really boils down to 'do you want to take the hit of the additional leds in anticipation of being able to use them at some point'. @Ivan - just thinking - hasn't the xPico WiFi got some GPIO also? As I got a GITD and a Black Zano, I'd only really want the UV for the GITD and regular RGB for the Black @Ivan Actually, I think that you are underestimating the popularity of the zano at CES. We ARE these folks, and only lucky that we saw the KS project earlier than they did. So, I hope you are wrong, and even if (when) you are, it'll be ok. @Ivan - Debate is always good, and well you can please some of the people some of the time they say. I for one, would quite like to see UV LEDs on all, but appreciate that isn't what everyone wants. Wiring to the Blue line isn't a bad idea, but is there room for a tiny little DIP switch or jumper? e.g. <url>"Limited Edition" *meant* that this is special if for no other reason than it's rarity (and I know that there are real differences too). An exacerbating factor is that I'm on a "Limited Edition" budget (read it isn't going anywhere). I guess my thinking has paralleled Marks in that the LE's are losing some of their charm. That should NOT be a buzz-kill for the group! There, it's all off my chest and will no longer be an area of discussion from Moi (and I hope that that will be the case for others) In the Greater Scheme of things, it's all ok. @Deathstar I have o intentions of replacing parts, I've paid for what I wanted.... If I wanted a glow in the dark I would have bought that one instead!! And I missed one shipping charge in my calculation, so now really less than 75. @Ivan - I've just sent you an emamil Regarding the availability of Limited Editions (LE) due to multiple pledges discussion, I got curious, so tried to figure out how many have pledged for multiple Zano award levels. Turns out there are (as of maybe 1 hour ago) probably less than 100 pledges for additional Zanos so far, and those are likely spread between LE and non-LE. I know that my main pledge is for LE White, and I upped my pledge for a LE Red, LE GITD, but only a regular Black, since all LE Blacks were taken. @Larry - White and Black always had 500 LE limit. GITD and Camo had 1000 plus the 50 backers that could pledge for 2 LE of those (total 1,000+2x50=1,100). Red had the 1000 plus 100 backers that could pledge for 2 LE (total 1,200) as @Bjoern was saying. For those interested in the numbers on how I got to less than 100 additional Zanos pledged for: <url>£189 for the Zano red and some have mentioned sticking glow in the dark stickers to them as well as painting over the top of the UV LEDs if there not required. I don't want to do either, putting a glow in the dark sticker in my opinion is tacky and you won't see it when it's up in the air any way, and I don't want to start sticking paint on something that's cost me nearly £200!! It goes back to my initial question, would it not be possible to have an led light that can be changed to multiple colours through use of the app and one of those colours will make the Zano glow....... Instead of all those who aren't buying the Zano glow which far exceeds those who have, having to lose out!! The special edition zano's are looking less 'special edition' in my opinion and quickly losing their appeal! Hi guys, just backed the project... Question on video capture. Can you expand on frame size, capture options, rates etc... @Daethstar - Yup, was hoping @Ivan could find a spare GPIO on the board to control the UV LEDs from the SW. @Daethstar +1 - I agree. I'm happy with the decision for UV LEDs on all models. More RGB LEDs are somewhat unnecessary. UV opens up potential for more people and their dim appearance won't annoy the eyes. I hate to ask more of something that is already so capable and complex, but if it's not too hard, can we have the option to decouple the UV LEDs from the landing RGB LEDs, and control them separately? UV doesn't have much use during the day and saving every mAh may be for the better? Unless that added complexity adds significantly more weight with it. Bjoern Ebner aren't they all capped at 1000? @Ivan I would also support a decision of; 1) UV body shell LEDs for GITD 2) White body shell LEDs for all others. The LEDs could be removed or blocked out by those who do not want them, or could be swapped out for different colours by the end user. For those who want an indication of front and back of Zano, even though Zano takes care of front and back issues autonomously, they could swap out the necessary 2 LEDs for another colour. @Ken Sullivan there are already rgb leds this is a shell wash witch makes sense to be uv or white. @Creator - now that we've got the UV led issue sorted (I think) (put them in, in addition to the existing rgb landing lights) can I get back to the issue of VAT and purchasing. My understanding of the kickstarter concept is that you, the creators, offer various rewards for various pledges and we, the backers commit to pledging an amount of money on the understanding that, if the project is funded, you will provide that reward to us for the amount of money we have pledged. To me (and I'm sure implied in the KS Ts & Cs), provided the project becomes funded that is then a contract to purchase between you the supplier and me the purchaser. As you are supplying me with goods and are liable for VAT on those supplies, that VAT (sadly) has to be paid. I, as a VAT registered purchaser may then reclaim that VAT from HMRC. The nub of the whole thing is: once a project is funded, are you, the supplier contractually committed to providing me, the purchaser, with the agreed goods and am I, as the purchaser, equally committed to buying those goods at the agreed price. I think the answer to both of those questions is 'yes', Correction: GITD 1100 not 1200 Just a quick question for clarification: Will there be the following LEs totally available? Camouflage 1100 Red 1200 GITD 1200 Is that correct or am I wrong? Hello fellow ZANOfans. How are we all today? I haven't checked in for over 24 hours and it's taken me an hour to catch up with all the comments and answers from Ivan. Wow, we've got a great community going here. I'm putting in my vote for RGB leds. Later. Ken. @Ivan : UV would be nice and different unlike any other nano drones out there Yah I guess led on all is good. On my kickstarter I will be offering printed zano shells with 2 different glow in the dark colors so these leds can be useful for that. <url>"landing" lights in place - which I'm sure could be activated in flight through firmware/software. So, as all Zanos would have this I think the additional UV even on non-GITD would be the better choice. If you really don't like them, a quick dab of paint would hide them? And if Ivan can find an additional GPIO for the UV they could be turned on/off through software. @Creator - If you can only have one choice for all Zanos, then I vote strongly for the RGB LEDs. The UV ones would really only help the GITD version of the Zano (and it remains to be seen exactly how much they'd help), and right now you have less than 500 GITDs pledged out of almost 9,000 backers. The RGB lights would help with orientation while flying the Zano under manual control, and be much brighter for dusk/night flying a non-GITD Zano. If they're near their car, it's much quicker to "recharge" the GITD Zano with car headlights while recharging the battery. The only thing that worries me about GITD Zano is that it might increase UFO sightings reports... I agree with @Ben - Kickstarter Reviews: the reward level difference must come from somewhere and those who pledged for Camo or GITD probably wanted to spend extra for something special. @Mark - of which country? @doug Conran I believe there would be quite a big cost implication to make that possible? Plus I'm not sure how well other colours would glow in the dark? Doug for president! ... at least, all LE versions. @Creator, @All - here's a thought. Could ALL the Zano shells be made 'glow in the dark'? It would be awesome to have a red glow and a white one (not so sure about black lol). Then users could switch on or off the UV leds as they wish. @Ben - I believe so, but if the camera is forwards rightside up, it'll still be forwards upside-down. I think the LEDs point back towards the case to keep the GITD shell glowing at all times. I think that's a brilliant idea, as you want to fly a GITD at night but need light to make it glow. @Everyone chatting about the UV option - having the UV as standard would also allow for new florescent shell colours. That could be magical at night! @Thanos Kafritsas - there are no restrictions that apply to just the GITD. I;m a bit surprised at the take up of the GITD vs the take up of the red given the much larger vote for GITD. @Special Circumstances - although will not be a GITD owner, unless he UV leds can be fitted in the GITD case I think your solution is a reasonable one. @special circumstances, if they are facing the wrong way could you not fly Zano upside down and capture it that way? Having read a few of the other comments, @Ivan - I don't suppose you'd have a spare GPIO that you could place the UV LEDs on? @Ivan - tough...if I were a GITD owner I'd want the UV, but if I was the owner of any of the other types I'd want the RGB. That said the units already have many RGB, so are the additional one of too much importance? As the GITD UV was the whole point of the exercise, and I suppose having some UV LEDs could be useful for something, I think on balance I'm tending towards the UV even on non GITD models. We could have some fun with GITD decals in the vicinity of the LEDs- I'm thinking maybe a skull and crossbones for a pirate Zano ;) PS My current reward is a couple of the reds, just to put my comments in context. PPS Mind you, one red and one GITD might make a good pair ;) PPPS Thinking more, I just really like UV things, and being able to turn on some UV might be fun. I could paint some trees with IV pictures and then illluminate them with the Zano - or are they facing the wrong way to be captured by the camera? Hi , I have something that is troubling me and since I cant go over so messages to search for an answer I hope I ll get one now. So I pledged for the the GITD nano. I see that compared to CAMO or even red , it gets slower pledges than the other LE ones. Is there something that keeps backers away from GITD? In my poor mind you can have many choices in buying a red or camo copter but I never saw one glowing in the dark (and thats why I picked it) and it would be only logical to have at least an equal rate in pledges with the other , if not better numbers by far. So is there any catch on GITD that I am missing i.e. shorter flying time or something like that? And one more thing....what is the actual color of GITD in daylight? Thanks @Ivan UV for the GITD. For the other colors I go with Matthews depopulated solution. @Doug i agree with you.. I dont want one either .. You're not alone in the selfish department. Lol Difficult, since I pledged for both GITD and RED. For the GITD I would prefer the UV leds. Is it an idea to use a complete different color (e.g. bright yellow or orange if available) for the landing lights of the black, white and red Zano? I agree with @Matthew, if it's possible to put UV leds in the GITD case, do that. Much simpler (but probably extra cost). Ivan, As these are seperate from the landing lights & are upwards facing I would still prefer UV led for charging the GITD please. Many Thanks If people want they can always solder on some leds to the pad. It is easy to solder surface mount leds with tweezers. And if you can't do yourself easy to find someone who can. I would just leave the leds depopulated on all but gitd. When I mentioned uv leds I had meant in the carrying case. My selfish view, given that I don't want a GITD, is that I'd prefer to have rgb leds rather than uv. If it has to be UV plus single colour leds then I would prefer that single colour to be consistent throughout the whole Zano range. @creator would it not be possible to have led that are user changeable from the app? @Creator, I'm a bit baffled by your LED proposals. Are you saying that in proposal 1 the UV LEDS would show whatever colour you want AS WELL AS UV light? ie one set of leds would both charge the GITD shell (where used) and act as standard landing lights? My understanding was that the UV leds were tneeded to charge the GITD shell and would therefore be surplus to requirements for any other shell. Would they just be a replacement in the GITD shell for the standard leds in other shells? UV for GITD would be good. Thanks @Ivan - I think I saw earlier that the reason for the UV LEDs was to assist charging the GITD shell? Are the UV LEDs in the visible range (i.e. purple)? I'm thinking that if you have additional LEDs being put in place - what else could they be used for? If they are going to turn on when ANY colour is selected for the landing LEDs then there is a bit of a clash with the concept of choosing your own colour for the landing LEDs. Say I want one ZANO to have green landing LEDs and the other to have red, if there is a fixed colour LED then it'll just look a bit weird.... Is there a knob to turn them off/disable them in the firmware? Just wondering if this is the tail wagging the dog... I can understand the reason for the UV LEDs on the GITD unit, but it seems to me that bringing the fixed colour LEDs to the other types might be detrimental. So, I think I would vote for either UV or not at all. Unless of course you can find a way to multi-colour them on the non-GITD models. Or how about this, even better, RGB LED next to UV. Same PCB and LED layout for all models, except that you now have the colour in sync and the UV for the GITD. What else could the UV be used for? Additional signalling? Zano-Tan studio? ;) @Creator - re sub-aqua Zano. Would you actually need to replace the flight arms with water thrusters? Would you be able to get the aero propellers to work in water albeit at a much slower rate? Just imagine a Zano flying above you as you swim out to some coral reef or something and then, when you dive, it dives, like a gannet, firstly to the surface of the water and then under the water to continue filming as you swim amongst the coral. Totally awesome and definitely never done before! @Creator just keep in mind when choosing leds, that people might want to have different colored shells and swap from time to time. I can't wait to see what everyone gets up to with their drones. Will be great to see peoples videos and photographs from all across the globe. @Ivan I really like the sound of the first option personally, not sure what everyone else's thoughts are? Re unlimited LEs, let's wait until the end of the campaign to see if the is a problem at all. After all, as @Ivan says, there are still 439 reds, 545 camos and 651 GITDs left. I know we are expecting a surge because of CES but we had a surge a couple of days ago and that didn't unduly deplete the LEs. @Larry from how I read the replies the LE are still limited however when it comes to delivering rewards, if a backer say chooses 1 red LE and increases pledge to pay for another. If there's only enough red to give that person 1 red LE they will be offered a choice of getting a LE camo (if there are surplus camo of the special chrome if that becomes available. Does that make sense? I think a well structured survey at the end of the campaign will avoid any mass issues. @IVAN Thanks a lot for the swift clear response. As always, you rock @Creator I had no doubt that you would work with people. I'm just trying to get my head around the concept of LE's not being limited. That's obviously not your fault. No worries, Mate. Let's not let this spoil the ride. Be well @creator I updated my GITDLE with £189 to allow for a extra RED LE. @Lesley VERBRUGGE Yes it will: Zano creates its own local wifi network and uses that to connect to your phone/tablet. We've discussions on flying it on the Moon (not possible) and Mars (possible, but not in this KS campaign ;-)) Help me understand. Now the situation is that at the end of the campaign, people who backed to get a LE will be offered something they have never heard of but will ACTUALLY be limited, in exchange for the LE they backed which is no longer a limited edition? I think it's going to be hard for Torquing to walk away from this with everyone smiling (unless the "RRIPALE"- really, really I *promise* alternative limited edition is something to die for). And that standard is tough to achieve for 10 individuals, let alone 1K. JMO, 600-800mah battery sounds like a plan! I hope your plan of adding these to our pledge at the end of campaign comes to fruition! Will extra USB charger cables also be available? (Or are they fairly generic so we can buy third party) 600-800mah battery sounds like a plan! I hope your plan of adding these to our pledge at the end of campaign comes to fruition! Will extra USB charger cables also be available? (Or are they fairly generic so we can buy third party) Hey guys, will the Zano operate from/to a moving sailboat? I'm in Borneo with a lousy and expensive Internet connection, so apologies if this Q is answered elsewhere. I'm also new to kickstarter (although WHAT an introduction) but my understanding is that when we increase our pledge to cover the future purchase of some additional item we cannot, at that point, indicate what that item is and thus there is no way for an additional counter to be decremented. A far better way would have been for kickstarter to allow multiple pledges but that is a kickstarter shortcoming, not a Torquing one. I'm a total newbie to KS, so I'm missing the nuance here. Can't the counter of 1000, for it that says "no more available" be TRUE? At the ens the message is "Sorry, they have all been spoken for and we broke that mold after 1K were spoken for"? @{Larry - my son will happily demonstrate opening a bottle of champagne with the swish of a sword (or large knife). All that is needed is for the the header waiter Zano to have a spring-loaded blade - job done. Where's your imagination? @Larry - I totally agree but there is no mechanism to decrement the counter other than by selecting that reward level as a pledge - and if you do that you lose your earlier pledge. I agree that it is wrong, all I'm saying is that I don't see how else they could have realistically played it other than insisting that you only ever pledge for one LE. I suppose, though, that they could have introduced every combination of LE Zanos as separate rewards but even then those that want, say, one LE black, one LE white and 2 LE reds would not be catered for. It is a limitation of the kickstarter business model (think that Indiegogo allows you to make multiple pledges) that is the problem. @Doug re bubbly. I'm sorry, but the zanos are gonna have a tough time actually POPPING the bubbly.Those bottles are hard to open. Did I miss another feature??? Of COURSE, they'd be on delivery duty though (lol) @Doug Conran Why should anyone be able to request # 1001, If they had chosen 2 during the campaign it would have moved the counter toward zero, and when they are gone - they are never, ever available again. That's what Limited Edition means to me anyway. No one should get #1001. Pop the bubbly? I would expect them to be busy directing swarms of Zano waiters to be flying it around the room to each staff member. @David P Thanks! I can picture the zano team in their office waiting to pop the bubbly. I'm +5 GMT so I'll be up very late (g). @Larry J (and others) - I tend to agree regarding the unlimited nature of the Limited Edition Zanos but, given how kickstarter works, I don't see how else the creators could have played it. I think that, for it to be as equitable as possible, only those who have pledged through rewards for a LE should be allowed to request a second (or third ...) one (and they must be different to the original pledge) at survey time. At least that way it would stop late newcomers getting limited editions after they had all been spoken for. @Peter @Mark re spread to global interest. I totally agree. Back in MY day we'd be waiting for a telegram (that was right after the pony express went under - price of oats went up too much to make it economically viable. (lol). @Larry At the top right underneath the "Days to go" information it says: This project will be funded on Thu, Jan 8 2015 3:38 PM +00:00. 5 days left. Is it posted here when exactly the KS ends and if it is GMT? I want to watch the count down. I''ll miss this specific place. The forum will be nice but this is a "happening" tat may well not be repeated - at least not very soon. @At Rina I agree with your concern about the term and implications of "Limited Edition". To e, it means just what it sounds like - LIMITED, and therein lies value added. T then go ahead and honor more than 1000 (Period) breaks the contract that may have been important to that backer. I know I considered it valuable. It'd just be good for the Creators to clear this up early vs later when 2000 think they can ask for it at the end. We don't need anyone out there bad-mouthing zano when the producer performance has been stellar. Take care of the little things, and the big issues take care of themselves. Be well, LJG @Ivan I had asked this question earlier but received no reply. So I asking again. Please reply 1) What is the difference in features between Limited edition case coming with red Zano and oridinary clamshell case 2) Does both have charging facility and options to keep Zano fuel in it and recharge Zano when not in Use 3) Does both have facility to keep spare set of propellers and spare battery 4) Does both have any options to attach shoulder straps which you mentioned you are planning to add 5) A totally different question. Any progress regarding the camera tilting mechanism? I know you receive a lot of questions, but could you please clarify these also. ABOVE ALL, YOU GUYS ARE DOING A TERRIFIC JOB. In fact, you have raised the bar an set new standards for customer interaction in any crowd funded project. ROCK ON @Ben amazing isn't it! And yes me too, wish I had the money to go. @Mura exactly. Using Google Chrome automatically changes any alternate languages to your native one, and if using another browser you can just use an online translator. @Mark Agreed! More impressed about the fact Zano is spreading in other countries than anything else! Backers from all across the globe, it really goes to show how diverse and popular the ZANO is. Just wish I had booked my tickets for the CES! J'ai oublier la politesse. Merci à Mihai Ardeleanu de s'en inquiétez. I forget politeness. Thank you Mihai Ardeleanu to in worry. Mihai Ardeleanu, en effet, je ne parle pas anglais, mais les textes sont traduite automatiquement sur Google, donc, pour ma part il y a aucun problème, pour l'écriture je peux le faire sur un logiciel qui traduit le Français en Anglais comme ci-dessous. A+. Mihai Ardeleanu, indeed, I do not speak English, but the text is automatically translated on Google, so for me there is no Behavior for writing I can do it on a software that translates the French in English. A+ @All - doesn't really matter what language someone uses, just use Google translate to get an approximation of what they are saying in your own language. Reply in English (or whatever) and they can reverse the process. @Mark: agreed! Deutsch - Francais - English - Nederlands ... I don't care. What matters ... 2222 comments and 8888 backers! @Holger. Hallo. Kein problem fur mich. Ich kann ein bischen Deutsch. Back to the matter at hand. Sorry but i have the sneaky suspicion that Mura doesn't speak english. So i think that it would be nice for someone to answer his questions in a language that he actually understands. In any case i didn't write anything that wasn't said before at least a couple of times. Cordialement, Regards, Mit freundliche Grussen, Cu multa stima. English please. Are we commenting in French now? Please write in English, because i don't understand what you are talking about. Wenn Ihr in Französisch schreibt dann mache ich auf Deutsch weiter. Aber das macht keinen Sinn. @Mura: quand le senseur lui dit que c'est presque vide il revient automatiquement vers le telephone qui gere la connection. Meme chose si il commence a perdre la connection wifi. bien = vien @Mura bien ici ... <url>£552 (incl 1 x shippomg charge) , through my VAT registered company. 2. From what you have said, you are going to be paying the VAT of £110.40 on that. 3. Whereas I can reclaim that VAT from HMRC. 4. Seems a bit unfair to me. Why not add an option to the end of project survey asking if UK backers would like to opt in to paying the VAT? If selected the form would (a) calculate the extra to be paid and (b), crucially, provide a VAT invoice. I can then use that invoice to reclaim the VAT and no one (other than HMRC) loses out. Bonjour, une fois la batterie vide, Zano tombe ou reviens à son point de départ. Comment fait on pour devenir bêta testeur car je lis dans certain commentaires les termes "bêta test" . Merci @Cheryl The Zanofuel is included in the limited edition pledges. I don't recall that @TeamZano is offering them separately during the survey, so you may want to check for that with @creator. Get ready for swarming, because it's coming! We're closing in on 2M! @Ivan and Zano team, I'm afraid you're misjudging the amount of backers who are interested in multiple limited edition Zano units and Zanofuel sticks. I hope you will re-check how you'll be able to manage the logistics because the pledges have finite numbers of the limited editions, as does the Zanofuel sticks, and this might cause you a huge headache in fulfilling everyone's request. Your internal supply of units would surely be depleted. So I guess, "Limited Edition" also doesn't necessarily imply 1 of 1,000 then. That's not a problem with me personally, but I fear for the complications you might encounter in fulfillment later on. Basically, this is just friendly advice. Aside from this, you're all doing a great job! We appreciate all your work. Thanks for listening. @CanadianCoffee Thanks a lot for your quick reply. @Larry, thanks so much. I'm glad to be part of such an amazing collection of minds. @Nicolas - the Creator has said, "Regarding flight distance from an iPhone, it depends on the version of iPhone. I found an iPhone 4 had quite a good WIFI antenna in it, in fact better range than that of an iPad mini 1. The iPhone5 isn't bad and we have had to to 30m or so. We are going to provide a compact range extender too at www.flyzano.com which will comfortably boost range to >500m. We have had control on a prototype at 2km LOS (line of sight) so >500m shouldn't be difficult to obtain in most situations." Au sujet de les instructions en Français, il faut que les créateurs répondre, mais je sais qu'ils vont être au moins traduire en Australian (Ivan et Reece viennent de là bas) :) Hello, I would like to know how far away from the iPhone Zano drone can fly and if the instruction leaflet will be also in de French? Thanks, @@Brenden Swift oops no link! <url>"Zano owners" HTH LJG @Cl S Why do you think that it can't flip? Early on they were talking of upside/down flight. Other products in the market can support flipping, why cant we have ZANO to do the same, eg, as a stretch goal, with this amount of backed funds? . @creator , Hey Ivan, I'm so excited about Zano I registered for CES and grabbed some airline tickets to Vegas. Is there a way to hook up with the Torquing Team there? I have a few comps and the beers will be on me. Could someone put up the link to that Facebook page, thx That Facebook page looks great! I took a nap this afternoon and wakeup to a new Facebook Group page and talk about new breeds of (fill in the blank) ano's! I think "Guano" is already taken though. (g) I wonder how many other KS projects have fostered this kind of enthusiasm? Be well, LJG @Roger - sorry £. Not €. @creator, thanks for answering. I have another question, will zano sensor detect water? Example if zano fly above the sea or pool, will it detect below water as floor or nothing is there? Will it failsafe make it directly land on water if it detect water as floor? Thanks. @Roger Maki You will also be able to get extra batteries and charger from my up coming kickstarter. You can find the details at <url>€10 for shipping (only add for first Zano if pledging for more than one). Extra battery cost not finalized yet. You'll be able to add on later. Ivan, For some unknown reason I can get the kickstarter page to display ok now, other websites worked still at the time? Weird! Now, I don't remember if the price includes shipping to USA? And what were extra batteries cost? I forgot.. @creator Reading your comments, I see other Zano developers occasionally mentioned. Would it be possible to have a video/group pic/something introducing the other principal people running development? Hi I tried to increase pledge from red to get both red and cam so from £199 to £415, but didn't ask me to choose another reward, just only all £415 on one red LE , how to do that right? Only one shipping cost? Or 2 item, need 2 shipping cost? I'm sure this is mentioned somewhere but there are too many comments to go through. How do I get a ZanoFuel? I backed the two white option. @Erikur - pretty good but it is tethered and so not so good for selfies. I'm barking up the wrong tree re my sub-aqua Zano idea. No point in reinventing the wheel, just adapt it a bit. So, all that is needed is a waterproof shell and then somehow port the motor revs to the outside and to more appropriate propellers. The shell needs to have some sort of sonar to wifi converter such that you would hardly need to adapt the Zano at all. Job done! @Doug Ive been thinking the same. A Cool little submarine would be a cool thing to have and this is what Ive found: <url>£139 black and upgraded because I wanted a carry case. Upgraded to the RED this morning because I wanted the LE carry case and a ZANOfuel (I missed out on all the original levels that included a ZANOfuel), oh and it looks really cool in red. Will probably end up getting a second one eventually so excited to see what other colours are available. 5 days to go and only £358,393 to go. Thats £71,678.60 a day, which is around 450 ZANOs a day (depending on pledge level). With the guys at CES I reckon that is doable - especially if you add in all the previous backers upgrading, and people adding extra money for batteries etc. So exciting! On the topic of ZanoButler Wine Delivery System, and in keeping with celebrating the creation of said Zano, I've verified the weight of a champagne glass plus contents. Glass is 147g, rising to 292g when appropriately full of a fine Prosecco. I imagine we'd have to account for an appropriate tethering system, which I would think would increase in weight as the number of ZANO tethering points increases, but I guess we could look at 10-20g for that? So, keeping things simple, and assuming a draft free indoor environment, how many ZANO do I need for ~ 310g? ;) Or should we add this to the beta-testing programme? @Creator - I'm curious. On at least a couple of occasions you have been asked if you inend to build a larger UAV. I would ask the opposite question. Could you develop a mini Zanio, say 35mm motor to motor? I guess you would have to lose the rgb display and also most of the obstacle avoidance technology, although preferably not to downwards looking sensors but hopefully retain the rest of the smarts. Given the 'task it' as opposed to 'fly it' nature of your devices managing such small drone should not be a problem. Can it be done? Could you do it? (I assume one answer is synonymous with the other lol). Where is Reece originally from, great accent ;-) @creators hey guys, I've been watching this for a few days and finally decided to back. Being from Durham I'm looking forward to getting some amazing aeriel views from Durham cathedral etc. one question (I have flicked through most of the threads and not seen the answer) will the case be designed so that the Zano, batteries and the fuel stick can all be stored together?? Even with additional batteries (how many batteries will it hold) ? And also will it be designed so that I can leave the fuel stick in the case charging the batteries whilst I'm using the Zano? Would this have any issues with the batteries overheating if their inside the case being charged?? And one final question will the Zano work with all iOS including IPhone 4S on ios8? Sorry about all the questions, hope I haven't repeated what's already been asked! Question about beta programme.... Should I have received a conformation email after filling in the form? I'd hate to miss out because of a typo... @Dooley Wong just increase pledge to cover cost of both and they will ask at the end. If I want one white and one red Zano , I can't do by same username? Or will you have the option like that? White and red / black and red / cam and red / cam and glow ...? Debating whether to upgrade from £154 black with case to limited edition red...... wish I went for limited edition black now!! Guess it depends how much a ZanoFuel will be! @Creator- If you are going to try to predict a person's future behavior, the best thing to look at is the history of his behavior. Since your behavior as a Creator has been stellar. It's been said that it has outstripped previous Creators behavior by an order of magnitude. AND you present as absolutely tickled to sprinkle the announcements with surprises. Wouldn't a cogent prediction be that the team would pull something equally spectacular? Just spitballin (lol) BTW, I had Reece pegged as a British Special Forces individual (putting him on a smaller chair is kinda like putting a fake nose and eyeglasses on Angela Jolie (hee hee) @Michael L WellBaum yours is Michael L Wellbaum (just the name you're shown as on Kickstarter) Where do you create a "kickstarter nick name" for the Beta tester form? @creator sorry auto correct messed that up but rgb Sorry auto correct messed that up the rgb @creator I don't know if this is possible but possibly could be. Maybe since the rob display is remove able you could put a second battery in place of it and connect it to the first allowing for multiple batteries if it's not too heavy? Just an idea that may increase the flight time @Jose + Byron and beta testing - small issue. You do have to chose to rate 80% of the things coming out, you then have to REPORT on 80% of those you chose. So you are really reporting on much fewer than 80% of the total being released. @creator yes thank you I might not have noticed but that would be great By the way since my company Oakbank Technology Inc will be aiming new products towards zano users are first 2 kickstarter options will be for people not wanting hexacharger. Check it out <url>à tous ceux qui m'ont répondu aussi rapidement. Ivan, I switched my black limited version for Red limited in case someone want's a black one, but I can only afford 2 of them and also getting the GITD one ,wish I could all 3. Thanks for the LiPo battery info. by the way fir some reason I can't get on kickstarter page anymore it's just blank for me, I managed to get on from a email I wrote kickstarter about it,so I hope I can get to here again, once I log out. My question was not answered how do I get more information and what is required ect. on the beta testers. I need more details please. @Matt Tomalin yes I think this was covered a while back but I cant find it. The black zano, was it agreed that the moulds would be changed so that it will be a matt finish rather than the gloss finish that is shown in the renders on the homepage? Thanks I am confident you will reach your final stretch goal, if everyone who has pledged for a Zano hits their social media feeds it will really create a further buzz about #Zano! Thanks for the (as always) informative response. However immediately after writing my question I upped my pledge to cover the Red - want the LE case and the fuel (and the Red looks very slick). Thanks again guys! @ Mura Salut. Si j'ai bien compris, oui, c'est possible. Il y a la possibilité de lui fixer une certain angle autour de soi et il garde la distance automatiquement en utilisent le ‘wifi tether’. @John Gorst zano has a built in charger. For external charging check out oakbanktech.com What type of charger is included for the spare battery? Do we have to charge it inside Zano? Bonjour, est il possible de fixer zane devant soit pour filmer en mode autonome pendant que l'on marche ou cours ou faisons du vélo. Merci. @Bryan: Hey. The link for the beta test form is below: <url>"If you have white or black at any other level and want to swap for red, you can do that at the survey at the end" I just want to confirm, you would be able to swap (along with ordering batteries etc) on the survey once the Kickstarter finishes. But for the red I assume you have to increase the price to match? For example I have the Black £149, and the Red is £189. So I assume at the survey at the end I'd need to pay an extra £40 to upgrade to the red, then the money for any extras I have, then the £10 for the postage? You're not saying that if you have a black or white you can switch to a red at the end at no extra cost? Sorry about that, just want to double check. Loving all the renderings - they all look great. Looking forward to seeing some more footage, is there another "Creating Zano" video on the way? I'd definitely be interested in knowing how many Zano's it would take to bring me a glass of wine. Would need to know the weight of the glass, the weight of your drink of choice, the weight of whatever cables and fixings you were using, plus the load capabilities of the Zano. Could be a good way to deliver champagne at the party! Hoping to get on the beta tester list, was hitting F5 all day until the form showed up so I'm sure I was one of the first to sign up, hopefully I match some of the criteria! Good work guys, keep it up. Sure we'll get to that next stretch goal no worries - you must be close to breaking some sort of Kickstarter records? Peter. @creator I think my question drowned in all the comments but I'll just repeat it will zano be able to pan or move to specific area if you preprogrammed it while it's following you @Creator - thanks for all the answers, really appreciate the interactivity. WiFi question prompted a bit of research of my own, which gave the same answers, oddly though, the one "ac" AP I have in the house outperforms all the others. I am now beginning to suspect it must be down to the quality of the radio chips/build & antenna rather than the use of "ac". Best of luck at CES! @Creator - don't get me wrong re proven/unproven technology (which I don't think you did). What I'm saying is that you guys are at the bleeding edge of this technology and therefore have to find solutions to all of the issues that crop up (of which I'm sure there are many). Whilst the Plexidrone may use proprietary software to control itself, many others use the open source arduino platform and so the R & D has already been done. Add to that the fact that they, all of them, have chosen to use a GoPro and, possibly,an existing gimbal there is little innovation they are doing other than tweaking the software to their own requirements.. Finally, the size of the Zano is at least an order of magnitude smaller than any of the 'similarly' capable UAVs and it is its size that (a) makes it such a challenging development and (b) gives it the ability to meet the fears of the regulators (and general public) concerning the potential for harm. I love it and I think that what you are doing is ground-breaking and close to revolutionary. So - may the force be with you, I most certainly am. Welcome everyone. I now have pricing and more information on my company's Web site. <url>" is generally true. I've HEARD about fires but never saw one (I used to follow the production of the Chevy Volt electric car) and that was a concern they seemed to have managed and there are several models of Lithium battery cars, so again, it may have been handled. Wait for Matthew C. LJG I don't know if this has been addressed or not yet, now are these going to be LiPo batteries? If so they are prone to catch fire(sometimes) due to overheating, and your not suppose to recharged them if you just ran them down untill cool. This is what I read about them, and I have to do with my DJI Phantoms Vision's 5200mAh Tough math. I like (at least) 3 zano colors. I already sold 2 kidneys. Looks like I'm gonna come up one short. If I successfully imported a mail-order bride from the Lithuania (2 more kidneys), I guess I'd have to use both of her kidneys and one of mine. That'd cover me in case they came up with an even neater color. @Walter Ducheine J the props create an air wash over the motors cooling them down. I plan to teather one to 2 car bateries and try to keep it flying for a week. Using hexacharger to keep lots of batteries charged should work great for keep it in the air all day. @Estomone H I meant to ask *what* is a Toilet Tablet? I'll bet you get a lot of "Eraser" jokes. (g) @Walter D They are also talking about development of a tether to eliminate the battery and provide CONTINUOUS flight. I'm just sayin'..... @Esmonde Holowaty Cool names tonight! Just curious, but **is** a Tissue Tablet? @Walter Ducheine J Hi, have you watched the videos by the Creators yet? The torture test that Reece performed reversing the motors continuously for over 4 hours served to convince me that they would stand up to a full day of fun (Obviously, in short battery life segments). It doesn't seem logical for them to be SO transparent, knowing that the drones are going belly-up by noon. I hope that your concerns are unwarranted, but if they *are* we should know soon enough. (IMHO it ain't gonna be an issue) Be well, LJG Question, now is my pledge of the first edition Black limited be the same as would the Red limited edition? Or does my Black Zano itself have anything special than the Red one? Like numbers etc, that would make it rarer after it goes retail? hey Zanolites, Happy New Year So I've been obsessing over Zano as per usual and I came upon this comment from a website called rc groups, from user Cereal_Killer, he posed an interesting question and I don't know if it's been as we're before, but here's the quote "How can they get 10-15 min flight time out of those tiny motors without overheating? Even if that is possible how can they do it over and over (i.e. how long will this unit hold up to every day use)? Looks awesome, not trying to rag on it in any way (also cudo's for their very professional KS compaign) and from their company background Im sure they have atlease some idea of the strains put on these parts but I wonder what, if anything they're going to release about that. Maybe guidelines to only fly it one battery then let it sit a while (thinking what if someone get's a bunch of spare cell's and tries to have it follow them around all day by swapping out batteries and then immediately launching it back into the air. How could it possible handle such abuse with what looks physically very similiar to the other micro quads ready in the market and all their known issues." I can't afford all the colors you have now! :o) Love them, I want the Red limited edition plus the GITD limited, pledged on the Black long ago... 2 million here we come I say! 2 is all I can afford at this time to swarm. GITD for sure! Have fun at CES and Cheers! One of the coolest products I've seen on Kickstarter so far. Outstanding job guys. Esmonde Holowaty Tissue Tablet Inc @Roger M Yes and no. That was/is a project by the same team that they did for the Gubermint. Just last night Ivan assured us that Zano is their primary endeavor. I see the Swift coming 2015 video,at your website is that different than the Zano? Nap time, BBS @Doug Conran: I'm just joshin you. We're all family here. Be well, LJG PS My wife and I were childhood sweethearts, and when I proposed marriage, she said ok. It was the '60's so the big thing was that material things don't count as much as other things. On our 20th anniversary I surprised her with an engagement ring. @Sheila Cox can't see why version 2 wouldn't work @Larry J - oops, my apologies. I've just read it, now. Happy New Year to all. And to @TeamZano - best of luck at CES. I wish I could go this year, but we'll be elsewhere that week. Hope you get lots of interest in the product and the company... I know I read this somewhere but currently can't find it. Which Android OS will the app run on? Was it 4.3? And where is it talked about? @ALL: Ever the optimist, I'm not rushing the arrival of June. I think that they'll have it out to us before then. (Ducks and Covers from Ivan (lol). @Special Circumstances Re the sentry tour of the house. I'd only change one small thing. After checking things out, I'd have my Zano phone....... You Zano drone. Ain't no way I'd risk mine with some criminal! (or my wife). @Doug Conrad Re my infliction of mental cruelty on my dear spouse. Ironic choice. I'm guessing that you didn't browse my bio (lol). Yes, I inflict mental distress for a living (g) er, NOT. (LOL) Oh the stories I could share.... Be well, LJG @Byron: Wow, there's gotta be a story behind that handle (g) @brent a 2 blade propellor is the most efficient. 3-4 blade propellers produce more thrust but in turn require more power to drive them. So it's a battery life vs power trade off, more blades would reduce the flight time which is undesirable, whilst only producing a minimal amount of extra lift. @Special Circumstances the contact charging is needed for ultra rapid charging. @Brent yes that could be an application @Matthew Cornelisse - Thanks for the reply. My vote would be for the inductive system, and I reckon all the related tech being developed for phones will mean the components become more commonplace (i.e. cheaper) and lighter. Love that you're releasing the SDK, and that there's an API. Thinking ahead, will it be possible to run a controller on a server (e.g. Linux), or a laptop (either Linux or Windows)? I know it's not a key aim of the project, but as the comm is all WiFi (love to know more about the protocols) I guess it could be on anything the code will compile on? If so, more powerful "orchestrations" could be run from more powerful devices (which might also have better range). Lastly, assuming I manage to set a successful flight plan from the kitchen to the office, how many Zano would I need to lift a glass of wine? ;) @Creator I'm curious about the possibility of using a larger diametre lens on Zano (say similar to a GoPro). Lens weight aside, I expect this would also require adjustments/enlargement of the CMOS/CCD sensor, which would have a domino effect on other size/weight limitations with Zano. Is this true? Also, it appears that most drones use a 2-blade rotor, what is the cost/benefit of 2-blade over 3-,4- & 5-blade rotors? I'm considering 3D Printing rotors with more blades, but wanted to know your thoughts. Cheers and congrats on the milestones (8000/2000) @Matthew Cornelisse among other things, would this tether be intended to allow for time lapse photography? I understand the current (non-tethered) limitation to timelapse (or any photography/videography longer than a few minutes) is flighttime, which this tether would address. @Larry LOL @Special Circumstances ivan said he managed to get 4 gold pads on bottom of zano for charging. Zano would have to run fans in reverse to seat itself. They also talked about having inductive charging option. Not sure if this got built in but if didn't could always be added as add on. Lastly I have been talking with ivan about building a teather system which would let you keep in 5 he air in definetly though with limited motion since it would be tied to the ground by a thin wire. @Ken - I think that this is a debate that will rage on. There is also the Ghost Drone (another indiegogo project) which I guess is a cheaper version of the Plexidrone and then, of course, there is the Airdog. But all 3 of them (and probably others) are seeking to occupy the same 'selfie' space and IMO need their size because (a) it is easier for them to haul around a GoPro than look for a more self-contained camera and (b) they can't squeeze the smarts into such a small package as the Zano. I'm not sure that the creators will like me saying this but the Zano is not yet proven technology (as far as I'm aware) whereas the Plexidrone genre is and, for them, it is just a case of tweaking software But, when it does, I have no doubt that because of its diminutive size, it will become the benchmark by which all future drones are measured. It is the Zano's size that is its trump card and I think all other drone developers are developing the equivalent of the 8 track recorder, except that I will admit that there is a place for the larger drone for professional work. And, yes, I'm pledging for 3 Zanos which is still less than a basic Plexidrone. I know what I prefer! @Doug. Thanks for your insight. I agree with you on all points. By the way, I'm not getting a PlexiDrone I just think it's a cool bit of kit. I'm very excited about my ZANO (roll on June) and I'm looking forward to see what ideas I come up with for using it. I hope that the ZANOfan community will be flourishing by then and we'll be able to share our ZANO ideas and discoveries. Been thinking a bit about "applications" for the product... and i was thinking it might be fun to link into my home automation system. I'm thinking that the Zano might make a great "sentry".... Motion detected - send Zano to location, start video feed, send to phone - that sort of thing. Now the only thing I see missing from the product to enable that would be a wireless charging system. The charger could be built into a static "Zanoport" so that the Zano is charging "at rest", then when needed it lauches, collects video (e.g. circles house), then returns to base for charging. So, what do you think? I'm thinking the induction loop wouldn't be too heavy? @Ken - I certainly agree that it is an interesting and cool bit of kit and, from what I've see,n probably the best of that genre of quad/octocopter out there. But I think that they fulfil DIFFERENT roles rather than similar ones. The one serves the professional user, the other the amateur user. (A generalisation, I know, but sufficient for comparison purposes). To me it boils down to versatility vs image quality. There is no way (awesome though it is) that the Zano is ever going to produce images or video of the same quality as a Sony RX 100 - but then, other than professionals shooting a scene, who is REALLY going to need that quality (albeit nice to have). One the other hand a minute plus to set it up each time and further time waiting for a GPS lock is not very conducive to capturing 'the moment' which, almost by definition, is a fleeting point in time where something worth recording happens.. So, as for so many things, its horses for courses. The Plexidrone focuses on producing the ultimate image at the cost of setup effort, the Zano focuses on ease of capturing 'the moment'. Potentially, of course, the Zano is far more than just an 'aerial selfie' and the Plexidrone, (I suspect) is more than just an 'aerial action cam' but that is where their paths converge and how they can best be compared (IMHO). @Doug I agree with you about the PlexiDrone but I think it's a cool bit of kit, and the special back pack is really cool. Obviously ZANO and PlexiDrone fulfill a similar role in a very different way. @Larry. Sorry my friend, but I have no idea about the limited edition items if you swap. Maybe another ZANOfan can help out. @Larry J - or maybe she will get both plus all upgrades because, although it was your money you used to buy them, you didn't get anything equivalent for her which was deemed to be mental cruelty on your part - hope you have a good lawyer! @creator Here's one you havent been asked in over 2000 comments.... Will you be accepting Bitcoin on the website? Hey Larry Yup, all signed up for beta testing and am also umming and ahhing about swapping out for the red..... And I think you are right, CES will see the 2m mark smashed. @Creative Apparel There's a special place in hell for your sort. (LOL). @Ken Sullivan - Re Plexidrone, I would say that the Plexidrone is to the Zano what a DSLR is to a compact camera. Its bigger, a lot more expensive more hassle to lug about but will produce more professional quality photos/videos. What I love about the Zano (apart from its price point) is how easy it is to take out and about with you and deploy at a moments notice - nothing comes close to it on that criteria. @Larry J. or maybe your wife will get both in the settlement because it's her money you spent :P lol I hope that Reece took a security team with him to CES. There is going to be a SIGNIFICANT disturbance in the Force when he does the reveal to a circle of Geeks 5 people thick. @Ken I have a limited edition white chosen (and a GITD). If I swap in a red zano, do you think that the limited edition stuff will be the same? @Leon H 2 days ago they had a surge to 1000 pledges inn a day ad then followed that up with a repeat! Hmm, maybe you should take a few more days off.... (lol). I think CES wilL really make it POP. Did you see that they posted a spot for beta testers to apply? Hello fellow ZANOfans. How are you all on the first day of an exciting new year? So, I swapped my pledge and gone for the Limited Edition Red ZANO. It's gonna cost me more than my original pledge but the extras and the cool colour was too hard to resist. Very excited now. I'd like to wish good luck to Reece and team who've gone to CES. I'm expecting a big surge in pledges once they get there and starting showing off ZANO to the technology and geek community. That two million barrier gonna get smashed. I've signed up for the beta testing. Hoping I'll get picked. Have you got any idea how many people have signed up? Talking of numbers, has anyone decided to go to the party? Will any of our international ZANOfans be attending? I'm still not sure, it's a lot of cash but such an exciting opportunity to meet Ivan and Reece and the ZANO team. Have any ZANOfans seen the PlexiDrone on IndieGoGo? What do you all think of it? What do you think Ivan? I know it's in a different category (size) but is anyone interested in it? Will the ZANO team be offering a larger drone in the future based on one of your military products? What are the legal restrictions when using a drone of this size and weight? Anyway, I apologise for the lengthy comments. I'm just so excited to be part of the ZANO community. Take care everyone. Ken. @ivan you wrote "super early bird for a black or white. Sure you could select a red. What are your thoughts if we add a reward level of red just like black and white.". That would be +1 from my side. WTF?? I spend a couple of days away and it all goes nuts- flying past the £1.5m mark? When did this catch fire? I thought it was out of sight but the 2m stretch is actually looking within reach..... Seriously, awesome news and testement to the product that has literally been developed over the course of this comments thread. HNY to all the backers and and every success to Ivan and guys, you really are smashing it @Bryan Walshe: The Zano has a wifi hotspot so you wont need an internet connection to control it Hi, I dont know if this was asked but I dont have a smart phone, I will be using an Android Tablet so I wont have WiFi connection to a service Provider so how will I be able to control the Zano. @Sheri, Thank you Mark Penders about 2 hours ago said: "@all what was the family rationale again for a second Zano?" Personally, I figured that once my spouse finds out how much I spent here, by getting two zanos I'd get at least one in the divorce settlement. @Akiva, Bjorn, Ben: While fiddling around with my pledge(s) here on kickstarter, the form requires address info, which I'd assume goes to the Creator. Of course, your answers are correct too. (g) It's funny how intense I can about anything that might jeopardize getting these little miracles to my door. Hi creator, thanks for answering my questions. I have few more questions. 1) I have been doing some research, Hubsan X4 H107C is almost same size as zano and it uses 350mah battery which gave about 5-7min flight time. Therefore I was wondering, how zano able to flight for 10-15min when zano has so many features in it? 2) regarding the flight range which is 30m max for smartphone, so I was wondering with the help of range extender will it works for fpv function as well? And is the range extender a stand alone device or a controller or something that need to attach with our smartphone? Last question, will the range extender be available on June so we can order and ship with our zano? Thanks! A wonderful new year of 2015 to the whole Torquing Group, a great CES trip, anxious to see some footage from across the ocean :) And a happy new year to all the backers of the greatest KS project :) @all what was the family rationale again for a second Zano? 1 week to go folks! And only £465,081 to go to the £2m stretch goal. With the team at CES I reckon that's achievable! Happy New Year to you all. Sorry, did not mean to duplicate the answer! @Akiva you do not need to worry about adding your shipping address. The creators will send a survey some time after the project ends, here you confirm your shipping address and the reward you have chosen. @Akiva: There will be a survey at the end of the campaign in which you will be asked for your shipping address. When do we give you our address for shipping? Aagh misread your answer! I guess it depends on regulations in the country concerned. @Mark Penders - I don't think that Zano is dependent on its controller in all circumstances. After all it can store up to 500 waypoints which would imply totally autonomous flights. If it can do that for waypoints maybe it can do that for obstacle avoidance. @Piero: You can find the specifications of the GPS Module at the following site: <url>– You mentioned you would try to get a good mix of beta-testers by age range, sex, and country. Should you also try to make sure that you have a good sample of backers pledging for multiple Zanos, especially since it looks like swarming is now a reachable stretch goal? Perhaps somewhat of a self-serving question, but… :) And Happy 2015 for those of you in the UK (and more Eastern time zones)! @Doug Conran no ultra early birds don't need to do anything. You are going to get a charger even if the campaign fails. If you want a second with extra batteries or donate a dollar to get in on the conversation you can. @Matthew thats great news.. We'll keep our fingers crossed.. Hey btw would you happen to have an idea how much more us super early bird pledges would have to pay in order to take advantage of the batteries with the chargers and what we need to do in order to get that? Thanks again . @Zano community... Happy new year .. And hopfully june gets here sooner than expected.. :) @Ivan @Reece wanted to congratulate you both and your amazing company and people,you guys have done a unbelievably great job . Wish you all a safe and prosperous new year.. 2015 i belive will be the year of the Zano !!! :) @David Moyer Welcome! Well I've finally backed Zano after reading all these comments now I can talk. @Matthew Cornelisse - do you want those of us that have pledged via email and paypal for a hexacharger to pledge on kickstarter when you get it going? I do have some potentially good news. Looks like hexacharger may be up in 2 weeks instead of 3 I originally was told. Hopefully that's right. 1000 new backers and £200000 today! Happy New Year to Ivan and co. @Ivan/@Reece – congratulations on 1.5 million/8,000 backers/2,000 comments!!! @Creator - How long will the beta tester pre-registration period be open? Could you let us know at the end of the period how many backers have signed up? @Uzbeckin – also, Matthew Cornelisse is going to start a Kickstarter to produce a 6 battery charger for Zano. @Uzbeckin every pledge of £139 above receives 2 batteries and 2 props (the original one and a spare one). Furthermore, at the end of the campaign, @creator will send out a survey and you can choose to add extras like a case, battery, props then. @creator - a thought on the camera. Using windowing it's not necessary to be able to pan the window as you can just yaw the Zano. But you do need to be able to shift window up and down to tilt the image or more importantly to compensate for the pitch of the Zano as it moves. So would it make sense to rotate the camera 90 degrees so you have more room to window vertically? You could then offset the part of the image actually recorded locally depending on the Zano's pitch, which it knows from its accelerometers and gyros. It would compromise the still photograph quality - unless you want to take portrait rather than landscape pictures - but would improve the video stabilisation. Hi, I haven't been keeping up with the posts as there are some 2k of them. I am a super early bird purchaser and was wondering if there was an option to also purchase a case and an extra battery or two? @creator thanks for replying! About obstacles avoidance, it would be good to still see how a prototype of yours handles it....from there everything can just be better! About the red and the super early bid. At this point for whoever pledged 139 u could have an option on the survey like white, red or black. In this way u will make sure everyone who pledged initially has the chance to get he new color. If this option doesn't work, u could add a new super early pledge level for the red and let ppl know maybe few hours ahead..just to be ready to rush ;) Thank u! @Mark Penders Thanks! I had my Ameri-centric blinders on. I guess it'll take about 2 MILLION pounds to make 2 million pounds (lol). I just noticed that in about 10 more comments, we spin that meter over 2K. Whew! @Larry 1,283,145.20 (x-rates.com) @anyone: How many British pounds = $2,000,000.00? T Kap Those d@mn sharks are quick! I agree, plead your case to a higher power. They surely should be in a good mood! @Robert Phipps said "I wonder if they'll let us use the military grade control software with our Zanos...." From your lips to God's ears (g) Who knows, maybe it IS. Congrats to your project! Looks awesome. @DAETHSTAR I had the same question. You just back one of the zanos and then add the pledge for the second one. If it's coming to the USA the shipping is 10 pounds (only added once). When the campaign is over they will contact us regarding what we want the second zano to be. HTH Excellent Drone! Much respect for the level of ambition in this project. I'd like to ask, how do I go about ordering two ZANOs of different colors? I can only make one selection for my pledge amount, and the only packages with two ZANOs are of the same color. Thanks! @creator, can we buy Zanofuel charger as an extra item for add in ? if yes, what is the estimated cost? Thank you. @ T Kap check with Reece and/or Ivan: it happened to another backer as well. Maybe they have mercy on you! @Robert Phipps I'm not too sure I even want to GO there (lol) If you scroll to the very top here and click on "bio" it clarifies some of it. Just amazing! - even more pledges today than yesterday, and that is with CES still to come. At this rate we should easily smash through the £2million barrier - roll on swarming! @Larry I know they did military stuff, but it does look so similar and it is going to be available spring next year... I wonder if they'll let us use the military grade control software with our Zanos.... @ksc Hey, we're all family here (g) increased to $189 my super early bird then realized that I wouldn't get red and somehow lost my status when I put it back down to the original super early bird $ amount. some lucky dog got my spot. Merry Xmas.. that was my gift to whomever you are @Eirikur @Larry @Bjoern, Thank you for the kind assistance : ) @Frans Geeraert It seems to me that we are getting a good deal by getting in on the ground floor and especially having the option of being beta testers (80% will come from the ranks of the backers) which will open the door to upgrades for as long as we want to provide data/feedback. The 2 mil goal is to get the price down for everyone by getting the volume up. Probably just a point of view thing. @Ben - Kickstarter Reviews - more than 183 (193 now) because there will be those, like me, who have increased their pledge to add a Red as an addition to the original pledge and those don't show up in rewards. @ksc1333: So just keep your super early bird selected and increase the pledge on it. There will be a survey at the end of the campaign as Eirikur stated @ksc I asked this too and it's just a matter of increasing the pledge as you mention, and then when the campaign is over they will finalize which ones we want. I hope that that makes sense. @ksc1333 You can't select more than one pledge. As I understand it, the Creator will contact you and ask you about what you want for the extra money, after the campaign is over (there will be a survey) @Robt P The Creator mentioned the govt work very early in the kickstart. They may have also provided a link to the Swift site, because I remembered seeing the video you linked to. @creator, I have pledged a 139 super saver Zano and I'm want to add a red Zano at 189. I understand that I just need to increase my pledge amount to totally 338. But after I have increased the pledge amount to 338, the system doesn't allow me to select both the pledge for 139 and 189 reward. I'm only allow to select one pledge reward, either the 139 pledge reward or 189 pledge reward. How can I select both rewards? Thank you. @Ben Henderson I''d asked about the array of devices (seems like a loooooong time ago) and all of them you mentioned will be OK. I don't have any smart phones and was concerned about needing a signal, but the Zano will connect to a touch or Ipad with it's own network signal. The Torquing Group 'Swift' with either a 5mp camera or a FLIR thermal camera. <url>£1,500.000 and more to come maybe £2.000.000, I hope it's possible to get some "extra add-ons" delivered together with my Zano. This must be possible I think! I'm a little afraid that despite the very successful campaign, we must pay for all the extras after this campaign is closed. Come on Zano, give us a nice bonus. Will there be an option to bye more when the kickstater finished ?? This user's account has been deleted. Yep, works now :) Thank you Ivan. I have submitted the Beta tester form. I have also changed my limited edition Black ZANO to Red, it looks brilliant. Happy New Year to you and the team and all the Kickstarter backers who are making ZANO a reality. It worked fine for me since your last comment. I hope you are all nearly ready for your event at CES! Reloaded and worked, thx. Reloaded the form and it worked this time (both showing image and submit button). If your change the target of the form to /extensions/registration.php it works... So i guess i'm one of the first registered ;) What is the max height the Zano can operate? @creator also hitting the "submit" button leads to the same IP-address (which is local and thus not reachable for us) <url>"Type the word..." image doesn't load. @ivan the "type the word above" doesn't seem to work on my side (tried Safari & Chrome) @Matthew Cornelisse thanks for your answer @steve Thank you, I'll take a look :) @Abulkhair Hejazy If I followed the comments correctly, you can choose which color(s) you want in the survey that will be send out at the end of the KS campaign @GODARD Tuatini - the choice of processor was discussed a while back (must be at least a week ago!!) , take a look through the comments. I think this project is showing limitations with Kickstarter's comment facility Hi, Can a Backer of family pack choose a red color?? Or just B&W? I hope i can pick a red color through it @Mark Penders I plan to have at least 2 reward levels with batteries. A) 1 charger + 4 batteries B) 2 chargers + 10 batteries @GODARD Tuatini zano firmware will not be open source but we will be able to add scripts into the router. Oh yes, and if you are wondering how come there are so many alien backers on such a small comet, the answer is that they are nano aliens and so a nano zano suits them down to the ground. @David, ha that make sense. Goes to show that all this product really needs is a bit of exposure it sells itself @doug, Im not normally one for teehee-ing, but, "Teehee!" I know everyone is carried away with ideas and stuff but I'd still quite like to see some footage from the camera module. Whether in flight or not. @GODARD Tuatini I believe that open sourcing will not be the case, as the Zano OS is the single piece of intellectual property that Torquing Group has. @creator wrote about this earlier in the comments @Larry J - Zano certainly deserves to have cornered the universe - and the aliens weren't waving but practising free flight! @Walter Ducheine J I think the surge in backers was probably caused by Zano making it onto the Kickstarter "Projects we love" page: <url>"idea" ... Someone will figure it out eventually (long before earth gets closer to the sun). As for the party : how about tethering a bunch of Zano around the place and do a live broadcast allowing all of the other 7600++ pledgers to at least get a spectator seat to the event ? For the international pledgers, maybe see if you can have a week long tour of Whales, including the party AND picking up their Zano instead of waiting a few extra weeks for shipments to start. If it's an organized tour, maybe the bus (or 2 or ...) load of people could get first hand training of using their Zano at various sites along the tour, maybe even a bit of competitions : best picture, etc. Not that using the Zano would require much training beyond how to selfy with a Zano (?) A late night SDK session or two thrown in for good measure, maybe? Activities for the +1 to join? @Doug Conrad THAT explains the big bump in backers. Zano has cornered the Universe. PS I thought that it was a little over the top for the aliens to be waving like that. JMO. @creator - thanks for turning around my request for the new red colour in less than 12 hours! ;) As "promised", I updated my pledge for white, black, GITD, and red! Happy New Year everyone! @Walter Ducheine - I reckon that tge Philae lander has discovered life on comet 67b and, as it was carrying an early version of Zano, was able to demonstrate it to spectacular effect. @creator Hi Ivan, I would like to know if you'll let the possibility for developers to make a custom firmware for the zano, will it be open source? I read somewhere that zano will communicate through a TCP port and "speak" in binary, what if I want to modify the firmware to add a new way to communicate with it, like http REST calls? Btw, what lead your choice to use a mips CPU instead of ARM? Last question, you talked about integrating in-app purchase to the official zano app for iphone/android. Will you let developer develop plugins for the official app and submit it to you and make it available through the official app? Thank you. @Matthew Cornelisse will you include (optional) batteries with the hexacharger? @Matthew I know about the extra props and battery (Ive managed to read all 1913 comments so far :)). I just want to know what extras will be available at launch and be able to incorporate which exras I want in my pledge (like maybe extra zanofuel). I might be interested in your charger and was planning to wait for your KS project. @everyone, what do you guys think caused the surge in backers. Is it sharing or some commercial or something? Also with modular camera is there news of anyone coming up with new ones aside from the mention in update 8! Thank you and kee sharing. Also like them on facebook! @Eirikur it comes with 1 extra set of props and the avoidance system should mean no need for lots of props. Batteries were stated they will be around $8. I hope to have my pricing finalised soon which if you are interested in my charger will give you another opertunity to get no extra cost shipping. @Ken Sullivan thanks. Hopefully it does well. I will be keeping the profits in my corporation so I can make even more zano products. So the better I do the more toys I can make. @Creator will you inform us of prices for extra items (i.e. propellers, batteries, etc) before the KS is finished so we can add to our pledge before it locks. Or do you have other solution planned? @Matthew Cornelisse Thanks for the advice. I hadn't thought of it like that. Good luck with your upcoming Kickstarter. It looks very promising. @:Matthew and Ben: Great news! I just got a buyer for my OTHER kidney, so now I might even get to the party AND get my Zanos! (lol). I have to check to see how much dialysis is covered by my health insurance... Seriously, that jump to a thousand pledges in a day, coming immediately before CES can only mean great things! Be well, LJG. What kind of wifi module uses ZANO? What kind of (multi)networks/configs is it capable? I suppose that ZANO will act as hotspot for phone to connect (or create adhoc network). However it would be nice if ZANO would be able to act as client and roam between hotspots. I'd like to use this as some kind of range extender (e.g. to fly ZANO within area covered by several APs). Also - is wifi module able to use several networks at once? +1 for Windows Phone... all my phones are running Windows Phone 8.1 (Microsoft/Nokia Lumia 1320,1020, 830 and 930). @Luc Van Dyck they will eventually @Luc Van Dyk a windows phone app is in the making I read Please make a Windows Phone (8.1) version available of the app. You can't neglect us Nokia Lumia phone owners, can you? @Jeff Roberts LE Red as a first pledge is limited to 1000, however as an extra I haven't seen any limits yet. I'm assuming that as long as your pledge is correct, they just produce >1000 of these (also assuming that the LE Red "first pledges" are all gone) You can specify what you want at the survey at the end of the campaign @Jeff Roberts they may just make 1001. @Ken Sullivan there are many usb battery supplies available. Most are more expensive then that. Excellent question Tri, I`ve wanted to ask that as well. For international backers, we have import taxes in several places so gifting and lowering value as much as possible (to a reasonable amount) would make things easier. Technically we are paying to support the project and that`s not necessarily how much things will cost with higher production rates! I just doubled my pledge to add a LE Red along with my LE White. But since KS doesn't allow more than reward at a time how will they know I got my pledge in time for the LE Red if they are limited to 1000 units? I have been a part of many KS campaigns and this is my first post and the most exciting campaign I have been involved with. Thank you all! Hello all, ZANO team and ZANO community. We'll, what an amazing 24 hours it's been. The huge surge in pledges is great news. Congratulations to the ZANO team. All your hard work is paying off. So, the Two Million stretch goal is looking very possible now. Great news for all the lucky backers who have pledged for multiple ZANO. I really hope this goal is reached as I cannot wait to see what this community comes up with when using multiple ZANO drones. The Hexacharger sounds like something to look forward to. I'm looking forward to. Good luck to Matthew Cornelisse with his future Kickstarter project. So, who's going to the ZANO party? I'd really like to, but I'm not sure if I can justify the expense. Maybe the team could provide is a few more details of what they have planned for the evening. That might help me and some of the other ZANOfan decide. And finally, I have to say that the Red ZANO looks amazing. I am torn now as to whether I change my pledge. I currently have selected the EARLY BIRD FIRST EDITION BACK ZANO with the standard carry case. To move to the Red ZANO I'd need to pledge another £25. What does everyone think? Does the limited edition case and the added ZANOfuel stick make the extra expense worthwhile? And also, does anyone know what the difference is between a First edition and a Limited edition? Anyway, apologies for the overly long comment. I'd like to wish the Ivan, Reece and the rest of the ZANO team plus all the ZANOfan community a very Happy New Year wherever you are in the world. Take care. Ken. Just upped my pledge from £175 to £225 to get a camo zano � @adchesney as long as total is same as getting all 3 plus 1 shipping charge they will ask what combinations you want in the end @David Russell same price as limited edition white. I'm not too sure how to manage my pledge - I have made a pledge of £430 for two Limited Edition GITD. But ideally would like one Camouflage, one GITD, and one Red. Is this possible, or do I wait until the rewards close? There is limit of 1000 for first zano. No limit for second but they will be a finite limit after kickstarter So I pledged 154 for white. 1x Zano, 1x case, 2x battery and props. The update re: Red said same price as white/black but also had fuel stick. Can we go to Red at the 154 level without the Fuel stick? @Creator - I've just upped my pledge to include a limited edition red zano. However, I've already pledged for a limited edition white zano (and a standard black zano), how can I ensure that I get a red one if they are just limited to 1000 and all of them are bespoken for by first time pledgers (ie those that can mark themselves as having pledged for a red)? Have you considered using the Zano to make 3D reconstructions of, say, one's house (from the inside or the outside)? @Grant Baxter - would you tie the Earth to the Zanos and pull it towards the Sun, or fly the Zanos at night and blow the Earth towards the Sun? Thanks for the update guys, the red Zano looks awesome! So very tempted to add more money on... Good luck at the conference! Looking forward to the beta tester list going up! Really excited you guys still decided to release the Red Zano! Had to switch from the Limited Black to the Red one! Really excited you guys decided to release the red Zano. Had to switch from the Limited Black to the Red! @eitan kunda this will be possible. Also 6 battery charger hexacharger.mctrivia.com a thought about charging: since the flight time per charge is aprox 10 minutes its important to be able to connect and charge through the carrying case so that after using zano you can throw it in its case into your backpack and connect to a backup battery. this will allow for multiple use like while on a snowboard trip or any trip for that matter. @Grant Baxter more then there is matter on earth. There is practical way to do solar a balloon that can provide nutral boyancy and large surface area for a solar panel. Ps just seen the update, a red ZANO! It looks fantastic, the best one so far for me. Full steam ahead, this project deserves as much funding as possible. Fantastic product, fantastic project and also we now have a fantastic Zano community which will only expand and grow. It's great reading the uses people have for Zano and also what great extras developers will be creating for the Zano. The hexacharger being one. @Matthew Cornelisse - love the idea of the earth needing to be closer to the sun for solar to be a viable option, how many Zanos do you think we would need to move it? Hi. This is the first truly inspiring project I've seen on here, and the enthusiasm from the backers shows this. One quick question that maybe too early to ask, but will there be any differences between the ios and android apps that you'll be releasing for us? I'll be getting a new phone between now and June, and Zano will be influencing that. Thanks for all the communication on here, i'm checking daily! (and will be backing the hexacharger too) @Doug Conran I noticed the same effect with another project ... in the first 95% of the time they got to just over 20K and the last 10K was reached in the last 5% of the project. Today is already at least the second best day in terms of pledged amounts. @Creator - the jump in backers is simply awesome - have you discovered a new universe? 1000/day? Phen-Freakin-nominal! This is simply awesome. Great to see a UK tech company is responsible too! I know I need to get at least 2 to start with but I can't decide if I should get the Camo or black. Is the clam case for the Camo much better than the case for the black? Will the zanofuel stick be available separately if I get the black? Thanks! @ivan regarding 2 or more Zanos and 1 phone: I understand registering multiple Zanos to 1 phone can be done. But ... can you control both/all of them simultaneously from that 1 same phone? How would that work, looking from the app side? Good morning Creator I was just wondering when we would be able to register for Beta testing as have checked site but nothing is there to register on. I know your busy but I am really interested in becoming one if possible. Thanks hopefully Can't wait for the range extender! Hi everyone. I have update <url>"infinite" cycles) instead of battery pack ? Again, it might be too large or heavy for the Zano. If feasible, the Zano could always land and 'sit in the sun' to recharge itself ... It would be the HelioZano ;) It might be a somewhat oversized Zano to have room for solar cell wrap around mini-array ? It might only work in sunny areas of world ... could maybe 'read' charge rate to report back on possible flight time ? Maybe one day, eh ? Wow! Now 2 million is reachable yahoooo!!...8 more days to go! I hope this 5 mega pixel camera lives up. Kickstarter it self thought this was a great project, I'm sure this day and yesterday are your biggest days, can't wait to see the response after CES. Saw a few posts about tethering for more power, please don't. Tethering only limits mobility. Saw a few posts about using another camera, that seams awesome. The more you focus on having a platform to use any camera the better. This "pure" Zano as it is, seems just beautiful to me. I don't really understand what all the different colors mean. Are they just that, different colors? Usually different colors mean different specs, ie White is base, Black is more... Well anyway, good luck at CES, and best wishes... I don't know how much more funded you could possibly want beings that you have 10x what you asked. :) @creator Just a small clarification, correct me if wrong. You said in production model, battery is mounted vertically which shifts CG down. Is the battery having aspect ratio higher along the horizontal dimension or vertical dimension. Because, if it is taller in vertical dimension, it will shift CG upwards causing higher destabilizing forces. Just looked at kicktraq and yesterday the 30th smashed the record of amount raised in a single day by over 5 times :D 2 million is definitely insight now @Todd Farr - you will be able to get zano in any color you want. I know I will be able to print shells in 24 different colors 2 of which glow in the dark. However the limited edition versions have colored PCBs to match. This you will not be able to change. @ Todd Farr - definitely makes sense, and I believe the creators are going to be offering that/ability to 3D print for yourself in whatever colour desired, but I'm kind of torn between that and having multiple Zanos to swarm! @CanadianCoffee I think it would be awesome if the bodies covers where easily interchangeable, so rather than forking over the $$ for 4 zanos, you could just buy the different plastic covers & props and mix + match accordingly. thanks Matthew! :) I am creaping up 14.3% Lim Kok Leong - I do not work for Torquing Group but to the best of my knowledge if you asked zano to fly out of a box with only 1 small opening it would center itself on the opening then fly out. May not work so well with thin box but they did mention door frames. The front LEDs can be used as flashlight or camera flash. In fact each pixel can be controlled at any time. If it loses signal it will find its way home and will avoid all obstacles. What route it would take I do not know. I am personally very interested in seeing if my kids can catch it. Hi Zano, i just pledge for black zano! Yeah!! I have few questions, What is the range between zano and obstruction? Example, a hollow square with 150mmX150mm will zano fly through the hollow square or over it? and how sensitive the avoidance sensor is? will the front LED light able to switch on by user when flying in the dark? Final question, if zano is out of range, will it be able to return and avoid every obstruction (assume it is in the jungle with lot of trees)? Im planning to use zano do perform some difficult task which is difficult and dangerous for human to perform. Thanks. Looking forward for your reply. @creator - Do you think you'll come out with another colour option before the campaign ends? For some reason, I think it would be cool to have one of each of a white, black, GITD, and red one for whatever suits the situation/mood :) If so, I might just have to increase my pledge :) Good luck and safe travels for those going to CES. @Mark Penders I know that this was answered (in the affirmative?), but had to do with the zano's registrations and whether it'd look like it was stolen if not handled correctly. Maybe check the FAQ? Concerned about pledges by credit card. There have been times when using a credit card for out-of-country transactions, the card issuer will decline the transaction unless preauthorized. I hope this will not be the case here! Just got my "This week in Kickstarter" email and the Zano is a product they love. Hate to rush my life but June cannot come soon enough. @Shaun Parsons I have not read the article. My math says zano would need about 20w power to the unit. @Mark Penders I do have a list going of people wanting an email. Send me anow email asking to be added. My email can be found at hexacharger.mctrivia.com Can't remember if this was asked before ... can you control 2 Zanos actively from 1 phone or do you need 2 phones to have them both in the air? Is there anyway I can hang a 4k GoPro to this amazing product of yours? Thanks. @Matthew Cornelisse Thx, I'll keep an eye on your KS! Good luck. @Ivan Additionally, correct me if I'm wrong, the Zano design includes brushed motors and not brushless motors. What are the Zano motors rated for in terms of running hours before the brushes wear out? With a tethered system one would start running into motor endurance limits, surely? @Ivan @Mathew C This PDF highlights the many advantages of power over a fibre tether. <url>~20W laser diode is an issue though. Over head power lines are a real danger to any one who fails to evaluate their intended flight area thoroughly when using a conductive tether. Additionally, I was thinking, if a tether is an acceptable situation, then surely a helium balloon with an assembly of thrusters, accelerometers, gyros and a camera are more appropriate than a tethered quad copter? The GPS unit is not needed as the entire contraption is tethered to a known point. Brilliant ideas and conversation going on here. I really like the idea of having a tether for power so that I can keep Zano up in the air for an increased amount of time so I would be interested. Also I wanted to ask you whether it is possible for you to add a picture of the spare battery or not. :) Hey ZANO, how are you? :) I just want to ask you, whether it is possible for you to mark the items as a gift or something. Technically, we have donated money on KS, not actually purchased anything. So it could be labelled as a gift or a sample. It can also be labelled at it's base production cost, not at retail cost. This would help the international backers a lot (in case of customs/taxes/fees or something like that)! Have a nice evening! Sincerly Tri @Mark Penders sorry the apology is mine for missing it. No there are no more ultra early birds. If all goes well my kickstarter should start 3 weeks tomorrow. @Ivan working with you is always apreciated. @creator - Good job you didn't try and fly out yesterday, you'd probably still be sitting in Gatwick! Best of luck to your team at CES. I'm sure they will wow the audience and that will be to the benefit of us all @ivan now that's the 2nd you do that! ;-) @creator congrats on your great project and campaign! Really looking forward to next june! :-) Sorry, if this suggestion allready was proposed before. How about a visual or accoustical alarm on the smartphone/tablet, if the battery-level of the Zano is near low-level to inform that it will return soon to its base? @Matthew Cornelisse apologies for reposing the question, I guess the original got buried under Ivans giant answer this evening: can I still apply for a super early bird hexacharger? @John Gorst - security, areal photography, demonstrations ect.. Hexacharger is a great charger for charging bateries outside of zano. The teather module would give another option for extended play time. An interesting article on sending power over optical fibre teather. 10W power is impressive for this optical solution, but a little low to keep Zano flying. <url>"big brain" in the cloud whenever it has network access in real time. Overtime each individual Zano can develop its own individual flying quirks and characteristics based on interactions with its user and with its unique external environment, its own aesthetic tastes and predilections (also stored in the cloud) but separate from the baseline brain that develops from the input and feedback of all the thousands of other Zano's out there in the world. So each connected Zano can benefit from the aggregate learning and experiences of all the other connected Zano's and the feedback from their owners, while still maintaining an unique personality of its own. If its brain can live in the cloud, there is no limit to how 'AI' Zano can be, other than the restrictions and physical constraints of its inputs/outputs and other embodiments. We can have a terminator in a bottle! @mark after spending my lunch looking into teathering I am really hooked. Designed a quick 8a 5v supply with 8-40v input. Should do the job. Will refine and make lighter later. @Bo Chen it sounds like any developer will be able to play with creating Ai. @mark in regards to tethering I will try to weigh some 24 gauge twisted pair I have at home. From an electrical perspective I can probably make a system that will work over 100m. The problem will be zanos lift capability. Will look into this project as soon as I have some free time from hexacharger. Assuming my hexacharger gets off the ground I will definetly build a teather no matter how small the interest. @creator it means a lot to me that you would back my projects. Zano is going to be a lot of fun to design for and kickstarter is a great way to fund things. Can you please post some actual videos or data specs on how ZANO handles WIND and WINDAGE conditions? If Zano's max speed is 25 mph, and there is a sudden 30 mphs gust then how is it going to ever get back to base for a landing? I don't see how a 3% weight increase, 30% thrust increase, and a slightly more aerodynamic frame in the "new" production model is going to change or overcome these limitations. Also, can you speak to what APIs will be available to enhance the "AI" of Zano? ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE is important. So far I don't see it. Can we program a "Curious" mode where Zano automagically takeoff, cruise/freeroam, take pictures that it finds interesting on its own, and then return to base and land when it is tired? Kind of like a Roomba vacuum cleaner but for the skies, with the objective to seek out and take aesthetic photos rather than vacuum dirty carpets. Overtime it should become more and more better at photo taking! I remember years ago HP made a free "MOPY" screensaver that adapted based on end-user feedback and clicks, can we make ZANO with a simulated "neuro net" that gives it a unique personality (in terms of flight characteristics and quirks) over time as it adapts to its user and /or adjusts to its external environment? @Walter, you and me both , its funny i just happen to come across this by accident it wasn't even funded yet looked around a bit watched the vids told my 15 yr old daughter about it and next thing i know she thought how cool it would be to use it for school to get year book pics, then one thing leads to another and now i have 2 coming lol So now our Christmas will be in june . lol @Ben Henderson Mark is correct just read through the comments and ivans responses and you will come across a world of info.. And yes just release the clips remove the camera replace with new one.. Again very user friendly was part of their goal.. And as long as your phone/tablet can maintain its connection zano will follow you. Also if you want go to <url>"Hot Mirror" infrared cut-off filter (that typically sits in front of the CCD or CMOS imaging sensor), and the other would be a visible light blocking filter (of somewhere around 830nm) that passes infrared light above 800nm or 830nm (effectively blocking all lower frequencies so no regular color/visible light makes it to the sensor). If these two filters sat next to each other in some sort of small plastic or metal holder, and this holder could slide within a plastic frame, then one could easily switch between having a normal color camera and an infrared-only camera. (I really wish some camera manufacturers would implement this idea directly in front of the imaging sensor, though do realize infrared photography is a niche market) In order for this to work, the camera module would be the same OV5640 (or whichever model you end up going with), except it would be manufactured without the infrared cut-off filter (that sits between the rear element of the lens and the imaging sensor). This is much like the Raspberry Pi Camera Module that uses the OV5647 camera and they had it manufactured without the infrared cut-off filter to produce the NoIR version of their camera module. I don't know if they had it custom manufactured or if the manufacturer can already produce the cameras like this (which may be the latter as they charge the same price for both the color and infrared version of their board). This is similar to how you describe near IR regarding the sensitivity: once this cut-off filter is removed, the camera can very effectively see the infrared light (as it is already sensitive to these wavelengths and thus requires the infrared cut-off filter for normal color photography). I realize it may not be feasible to build a holder as I know every single gram counts, though it would be a way to have only one camera module that can shoot both color and infrared. Though, I'd imagine removing the LED grid would save enough more than enough weight to make up for what the custom filter mechanism would add (and possibly even allow for a tiny magnet that could be controlled via the app to pull or push the sliding mechanism automatically in the desired direction). While I can understand and research the electrical details and build (or hack together) a tether, I'm by no means an expert in the realm of electrical engineering and would prefer to be able to purchase one unit that provides a solution for tethered power. In the survey at the end of the campaign, can you ask if others would be interested in something like this to determine if there's enough demand for it? If there is a demand, can you produce a solution that has at least a 10-20m tether? (or would that long a tether be too much weight for Zano to lift, even with the shell and LED grid removed?) thanks, Mark @Ben Henderson Exactly. And that's only the beginning if you read through all comments :-) What exactly do you mean by modular? Does that mean If I knew what I was doing I could swap it for another one? For example if a more powerful camera was available I could put that one in? Am I mistaken in thinking the Zano is capable of following you if you put your phone in you pocket and start moving? @jose oh wow that's so cool! I'm now even more excited to get my Zano. Sounds like he'll be having tons of fun with that @creator, just amazing! Thank you for explaining, I completely glossed over that information on update 8! Again great job! I've also shared on fb hope I get a few of my friends to jump in @Walter.... The camera's will be available after launch..no need to buy another zano ,from what i understand no tools are required just take the body off and remove the camera and replace it with the new , one plug and play ... They have seemed to put a lot of thought into making it as user-friendly as possible.. But if you want to buy another zano by all means please do so ..im sure they wont mind :) i know i have two coming my way and now my son wants one after seeing all of the neat things that are coming.. Now he is talking about having zano follow him as he rides his skateboard ..... :) @Brent, yes indeed!! I was actually not aware of this. How will that work? Will we have to purchase a brand new Zano for this. I wonder if I can get one with a better camera on launch I'm willing to pay more for that, is that possible somehow ? @Matthew.. Never even thought of that email ..its one i rarely use.. :) @Jose Rodriguez yes helps if I know you have 2 different emails. @Matthew.. Did you receive those emails? If you like I can build the teather system after my current project. @EVERYONE: Have you promoted this project anywhere **today**? If not, get on it! (lol). Do you have kids who are of texting/internet age? Tell them to broadcast it. Co-workers? Talk it up! Is your mom on Facebook? Tell her to amaze her friends. Let's hit that 2M mark! @ksc1333 As I understand it, after the campaign runs out we'll be contacted regarding the rewards and at that time may have the option to purchase supplies that we are interested in, e.g. extra batteries. The zanofuel may be available then. I can't answer your charging time questions. Matthew Cornalisse is hoping to start a kickstarter campaign shortly for a multiple battery charger that looks really nice too. His email is on a page listed in one of his posts (fairly recent). He may actually still have a slot open for a super early-bird special pricing, if that helps. @Rocco The way they have this thing configured, it seems that you'd almost have to work hard to crash it (g) It would be nice there was a protective cover for the propellers to be applied to learn driving free:-) Is difficult but very enjoyable the free driving and to the start some accident will be inevitable. Thank you @Walter Ducheine J Regarding the 5mp camera, you may already be aware, but it looks like higher res cameras will be available for purchase afterwards. Up to 23mp(!) if memory serves correctly. Maybe the Youtube generation will appreciate that more? :) @creator. If we can't pledge ZANO at 189 which include the ZANOfuel charger (currently all gone), can we use any portable battery charger to connect to ZANO to charge the battery ? Will the charge time be the same at 30 minutes per charge as per the ZANOfuel? Sorry if the question has been asked before. Thank you @Nicholas Ola ... I ask almost the same question but ivans answer will still be the same...( Hey Jose. Regarding the microphone, yes, absolutely you can. The microphone is exceptionally sensitive and we could add into the firmware a wake on predefined volume. We could also release a firmware function to on wake, perform certain actions like launch, hold for 30 seconds then land or whatever you chose really. Neat idea.) i hope this answers your question... It is a really quick rendering of the new and improved hexacharger but I need to get some sleep. <url>£139 pledge? Is the delivery date of June 2015 accurate ? because i would like to give this drone to my friend as a gift. @creator. Thanks for the height info. The posts are so good and the updates timely. You could run a seminar on proper crowdfunding! Hi, I was wondering whether the Zano would have a noise-to-wake functionality so it can double as surveillance device? Thanks Are there any still shots and video's from ZANO? @Matt Tomalin the YouTube video is cool indeed, especially the figure 8 imho. However ... 16 Zanos would still be somewhere around £ 2.224, that's at least out of my reach at the moment That YouTube video is the reason I am so keen to have a few drones which swarm. I'm loving the three dimensional formation changes, and object navigation. Also a good reason for them not being £400 like someone suggested. A swarm would be rather expensive at that price. that youtube video is so cool just thinking of the possibilities of the Zano.... Makes me more excited about getting my 2 Zano's!! @Simon Jones I need an email requesting to be on the list since I don't think kickstarter has private comunication between backers. Must watch....A Swarm of Nano Quadrotors: <url>£1.1 million pound mark. Just amazing. I'd like to say I'd helped that by sharing Zano on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram, but I've got very few friends or followers on any of them. But if everyone on here who has backed the project can get just ONE extra person to pledge, we should smash that £2 million barrier. Fingers crossed and let's hope the Zano team make it. Roll on June... Hi Ivan, great project! can you tell us how far he can go drone iphone? is able to make you more liin go with another order or with an add-on? thank you hey Ivan, Thanks for confirming that a near infrared camera will be available. I just flew up my Raspberry Pi NoIR camera with a Lee #87 filter on my current quadcopter and got good first results, though am excited to be able to replace it with the much smaller Zano! Will the near IR camera be installed in place of the visible/color camera, or added as a second camera (with the LED display removed)? If both cameras could be on the Zano at the same time (with an option to switch between them in the app, while in flight), that'd be super convenient! What sort of visible light blocking / IR pass filter do you anticipate having on the near infrared camera, or will one have to add their own filter? If you will be including a visible-light blocking filter in place of the hot mirror / infrared cut-off filter (or in front of the lens if you can't source the camera with a specific filter internally), please consider using one where the wavelength cutoff frequency is around 830nm (at 50% transmission) so the resolution of the infrared spectrum will be higher with a much more even exposure across the RGB channels of the imaging sensor (compared to a 720nm filter or any other that also passes part of the red spectrum), yielding more dramatic black and white infrared images out of the camera. If the camera will need to be swapped out (so only either the visible light color camera or the near infrared camera can be on the Zano at once), would it be possible to have a full spectrum camera with a switchable filter mechanism built in (that can slide between an infrared cut-off filter and a visible light blocking / IR pass filter)? Having a motor or magnet or something to be able to switch this filter via the app while Zano is in flight would be great (though may not be feasible due to the size). On an unrelated topic, I was about to ask about the possibility of powering the Zano via a physical wire for continuous uninterrupted power, though see that Simon already mentioned a thin power tether line back on the 17th. If this is possible, will the power tether be available for purchase as an add-on, or can you provide specifications of what is needed? I don't need to charge the battery while Zano is in flight as Simon suggested, but rather to power Zano from the ground (without any battery installed). I'd love to be able to keep Zano in the air for half hour, an hour, or even longer, as a really tall tripod to create aerial time-lapses with. thanks, Mark @Matthew Cornelisse Thanks, will do. I understand why they would limit certain functions, but what would be the point of limiting write speed? Don't we want the most data on there as possible? U rayed is always best. Not sure what zano's max speed is but from comments from ivan the card will be limiter so get highest u rated card you mind paying for @ Matthew Cornelisse Thanks, so what's best for the Zano? To make things better. Class 10 is 10MB/s contiguous u1 is 10mB/s discontiguous which is better Extremely simplified class 10 can sustainibly write at 10mB/s u3 can sustainibly write at 30mB/s Your device needs to be able to handle the speed though to see improvement. Galaxy s5 can write at 90mB/s a lot of cheap devices can only do 10mB/s Zano just made the "Hotest Kickstarter" list: <url>"10". I saw that some here had mentioned a "U" standard, and I did find one marked both 10 and u3. Some of the commentary (er, propaganda) claim that the actual speed depends on the frequency being recorded by the camera/drone. Although it looks like the u3 standard is likely the fastest, I figured that I'd tap into this vast cesspool of knowledge here and get some advice. What's recommended? Some said that the size in GB's of the storage might actually be *slower* than the same speed ratings with a smaller capacity card. Kinda clear as mud (g). Any help here? TIA 10 days to go! @creator- Sorry for hassling but I just wanted to clarify your statement regarding Unity3d; Do you mean to say that this integration remains as a mere possibility or is it actively being worked on by your team? @creator: I'm glad the term selfie has been pushed out of sight, at least a little. It's still front word on flyzano.com but on here it's been removed, at least partially. I'm glad to see it, cause Zano is so much more than just a selfie taking drone and although it can be used for it, I don't think that's it's primary use, or at least not the way people understand this word. If I had to describe Zano I'd say: Zano contains all the capabilities of other drones out there and more, but with a price has big as it's size, tiny. :) @creator: The "Bridge" (high strength Nylon co-polymer) from taulman3D with 4800psi tensile strength maybe could be used for 3d printed props. <url>"Hi, I'm Creative Apparel and I am a zanoholic" "Hi Creative" (you get the idea....) My drug of choice was that darn limited edition stuff. After that it was all downhill (or uphill financially (LOL) I suspect that the Creators will do whatever they CAN, but the kickstarter rules are incredibly tight about wording (zero change **allowed**, so forgetting to mention a spare battery causes confusion. I think a lot of kinks will be able to be dealt with when the clock runs out and they "survey" the backers as to what they want on the way out. That darn phrase of "Limited Edition" is like my wife blowing in my ear at "bedtime". I'm really old though so she's usually checking my hearing aide. Unfortunately, the same phrase gets the same reaction for my wife in regards to shoes. (sigh) By the way divide by 25.4 to get inches @Larry J. Geguzis even the us uses metric for engineering and medical. Don't know for sure but guessing about 60-80 mm tall I am so tempted into pledging for all 4 zanos...if I do would it be possible to receive one camo, black, white, and glow in the dark? How about the special edition case and zano fuel, are those included? Yep first post and I am good with metric or inches but wasn't sure if I just missed it. Can't wait for this project and will definitely be on the beta request list. @nanobot9K is this the first time you asked about the height? If you have asked before I'm gonna have to write Ivan up with a warning (just kidding, I'm not even on the food chain). Along the lines of dimensions, I with the educated parts of the world would take pity on us Americans. mm's? Sounds vaguely communist (or at least liberal). A mm to me is either Marilyn Monroe or Mickey Mouse - neither very helpful. I'd really benefit fondly if ALL the dimensions were listed in metric AND something recognizable to us folks from backwater countries. And yes, height could be an extremely important factor depending on the application. On a brighter note,, I have a buck and a quarter bet that the height question will be answered within 24 hours. I have backed a few projects and the communication on this one is AMAZING. Aside from great technology the updates provided and answering of questions is addicting and a reason I jumped on. I did have a question on dimensions. I know it is 2.5" square but can't find a reference to how high it is from base to top of props. I can guess by the photos but would like to have that dimension. The mention of being confused was not referencing the Creators, it was about the pounds vs Dollars vs guessing about what it should sell for retail. I just talked myself into a hole (lol) @Edgar They have me all screwed around, but as I understand it 139 pounds is the minimum pledge to get a zano package as described. To the USA it's an additional 10 pounds shipping. I moved up from the lowest package, so I could get another zano for when the synchronization is available. I think that that ill be really neat for some of the apps I hope to see. @larry 149 @larry So it is safe to pledge at the 139 range? @Edgar Correct In the statements of description of zano, it says that any backer who pledge starting at £139 will get a spare battery, so this means that all pledges even though it is not mentioned for some will get a spare battery? @Roger Maki hexacharger is a 6 battery at a time lipo charger. It has been designed to provide precision charging, and over/under temp protection(yes as ivan mentioned bad to charge when very cold). Comes with wall adapter for just about anywhere in the world(you need to specify head you want it isn't universal). Hexacharger.MCtrivia.com The simulation is of the 1st version. I am now on the 4th. Will post simulation within next 24h. The newest one holds the bateries upright to minimizer footprint. @Roger This is the first time I've backed anything and I fear that if I hang out here much more, I'll be overdrafted. I'm spoiled by all the prompt attention these Creators give us. I hear that that's pretty unusual (which is a real shame). I'd think that if people want to succeed with their "baby" they'd be quick to put the effort into the folks who may support them (and not just with $). If the price does go up...lmk! I would want to purchase more more lol before price goes up. Thanks for clearing this up for me, oh what is this on the hexiquad chargers? I don't find them in rewards? So did I Larry I getting 2 unlimited just hope swarming will be available at shipping. I spend to much time on Kickstarter, backing 5 projects now! Lol. : ) great place just found about with Zano @Roger Maki That'll teach you not to miss a day or two (lol). No, we were just speculating about pricing. There are a lot of ways to go. I think I disagree mildly about sowing the $ amount. I ended up pledging a lot more than I thought. It's all good. @roger the prices are stated in the rewards these have not changed and can not be changed, once you choose your reward it will tell you the full price plus shipping. I think the comments are people's thoughts on what the retail price should be once it hits retailers after kickstarter. I'm thinking that maybe the £ price's listed also should have the US$ next to it and it might attract more buyers. Otherwa hassles you got to convert prices to US.. A bit of a hassle. Just an idea. Now after reading comments are these now costing $500 US dollars each? Hopefully not, if so I can only get one all money comments making it confusion for me as if I miss reading comments for a few day's there so many I might have missed something here? @Matthew Cornelisse There you go. I thought that things might pick up if we kept the ink flowing (g) @Matthew - just sent you an email. @CanadianCoffee yes if kickstarter campaign goes through. @Matthew - if I back an ultra early bird hexacharger, will I be able to add on the four Zano batteries you mention? Email on bottom of the page @Ben - Kickstarter Reviews 2 of the 10 early birds did not pay by deadline so you are welcome to send me an email. Hexacharger.MCtrivia.com @matthew if you decide to allow more or if anyone drops out of ultra early bird please do let me know, I would love to review this product to put alongside the Zano review on my website. @Matthew Cornelisse Sounds great. LMK what I can do. @Larry J. Geguzis thanks. I only lose money if I can't sell the first 100 units to make the kickstarter a success so it is much more useful to me if you help me succeed. I have 3 people on my email list so far for the kickstarter link so hopefully that means 3 sales. I just today squared away a deal which will allow me to sell the chargers with batteries so people will be able to buy 1 charger with 4 bateries or 2 chargers with 10 batteries. These will be same bateries as zano comes with. I will send an email to all my ultra early birds with a lost of proposed rewards as soon as I have final pricing and hopefully make the list public in a week. @Matthew Cornelisse re charger initial funding, if it'd help for the other 8 to divide up the missing amount, I'd be on-board. LMK @everyone I do not own printer mentioned below. I pay to use it. @creator the million dollar printer I use to make my dice out of nylon would definetly work(dice need perfect weighting also). The cheaper abs printers can be set to solid fill but may still self distruct. @Robert Phipps 3d print abs should weigh about the same though injection will be stronger for thin stuff. Nylon is lighter but flexs and socks up water. So what sort of headroom do you have weight wise on the zano, more for the motors than for the 60g legal "loophole". I'm just thinking that if people are 3D printing custom cases what sort of weight would they have to be under? Aren't 3D prints going to be heavier than injection moulded stuff? Sorry misread specs 30microns Projet 1200 @creator most 3d printers now a days are a curate to 100 microns or less. Cubify project 1200 is a curate to 2 microns. Check hexacharger.mctriva.com for updates or send an email to address on the bottom if you want an email when the kickstarter starts @Larry J. Geguzis as for the charger unfortunately the zano kickstarter will end before mine starts. My prototypes will be ordered today but I have about 15 business days before I get it all back. @Larry J. Geguzis nope other 2 super early birds still not backed. Ivan has not made a real post today though these days the comunity answers most questions before he gets a chance. @Matthew C: Stated like a true entrepreneur - quite possibly our only hope (not to put too sharp a point on it). I'll watch for your post here for the charger. Did you ever get the last two people who'd early adopted? Did I miss the Creator post today? I did see the "off to the airport" note. @Christos Pollatos the $500 us I refer to is for the version with a case 185 pounds Yes still much cheaper then they are proposing. Though in truth I was thinking Canadian dollars when I said it so 276 pounds Nope though I did have to close down propmodule.com because of bad pricing practices. Learned my lesson. The nice thing with kickstarter is it let's you get your volume up bringing your costs way down. It will cost me about $1000 for the first 10 hexacharger with me assembling by hand. If I can sell 100 I won't lose money but I will discontinue the line after initial run. 300 units and I can keep selling at flyzano.com in definetly. Anything after that I have extra money to put into r&d for cool zano stuff. I plan to dedicate my company to zano for the time being. Sorry if my comment came out aggressive. Didn't mean to be disrespectful. xe.com converts 170gbp to 265usd that is almost half of the price proposed in earlier comments. Unfortunately I must admit I don't have time to read the quoted article at the moment. My thinking is that a lower price gets technology to more people. Apart from the obvious benefit to all potential buyers, higher infiltration means continued support. I have backed projects in the past that didn't benefit from much support, possibly due to lack of interest from third party developers as the target group was small. Anyway, it's not our product, so all this is theoretical. @Matthew Cornelisse It's almost like you read that article :-) @Christos Pollatos having a much higher price after kickstarter is done would do a few things: 1) incurage more people to take kickstarter 2) bring in more money for r&d later 3) people often see more value in something that is more expensive. The down side to more expensive is you sell to less people that don't have lots @Matthew C: Thanks. 322 pounds @Christos BTW,170 pounds isn't too terribly far from $500. @David Wilson This my first time backing anything on kickstarter, sorry I can't help. @Christos That's a bit of a mean hypothesis. Try reading this:<url>"During the Vegas show though" Maybe they have been holding back on the zano "stealth mode" (g) @jose...thanks! For some reason I thought we were already on the 31st! Haha Boy the rate of new backer signups has sure slowed to an irregular drip, drip, drip. I'm sure that signups will pick up during the 'Vethe gas show, though. The team looks like they plan ahead for contingencies, so that bodes well as evidence of their strategic planning. I wonder if they have saved a single "surprise" to release at the show, or have they sandbagged two - one to cover what may have been anticipated for use to get a pre-show bump and then another to try to wrestle some good ink at that hugely competitive show. @Creative Apparel... Ivan said the signup for beta will be on the 31st.. @creator are you considering a better resolution for the camera? Maybe higher megapixel sensor? Or wide angel lens? Considering even smartphone have great camera resolution nowadays. Are we supposed sign up on your site yet to become a beta tester? Or do we still have to wait? All I see on fly zano is nothing really. Your email and links to fb insta linkedin etc. @Creator Thanks for the clarification and I am pleased that you have plans to release a windowsphone app as well. You guys are doing an awesome job answering all our questions,so keep up the good work.I hope that there will be more exciting modular upgrades for the ZANO in the pipelines soon.I was pretty excited to hear about the OIS camera,etc.Perhaps you could share with us more information on them when you are ready as well. Thank You Hilmi @Brent it does not need to be flying to take pictures. @Creator Can Zano take pictures/video with the propellers off? (ie: whilst sitting on a desk, etc) Or does Zano have to be flying for the camera to function? @Jiri Svoboda yes mirrors would work but hard to do in that small a space. @Jiri Svoboda there are no extra ports. To have 2 cameras on board an adapter would be needed that can combine the 2 video feeds into a side by side video. @Matthew and @Creator Is there enough ports and processing power for two cams at ZANO? The other option would be something like <url>"cool features" you consider a priority... RE: Launch without handset @ivan Thanks, maybe even use the collision detection stuff to allow you to reposition it with your hand? Would be a pretty cool way to show off the autonomy of it. After hearing about your beta stuff, will there be a max number of beta testers? If so will there be any kind of priority or anything? Don't want to miss out on all the new features do I? Finally, any news on a proper forum for this kind of stuff, it's getting a bit hard to track each conversation on here. Thanks, Rob @Jiri Svoboda as for indoors it will fly using accelerometer and other sensors. @Jiri Svoboda There is a SPI port that can be freed by removing the RGB screen. A stereo camera system could be implemented with the use of a DSP to combine the 2 images into 1 video feed. Just few more questions: How will Zano work without GPS signal (inside buildings, undergroud, heavy forest,...)? What about two cameras for sterescopic vision? Having it togeather with google virtual cardboard toolkit (or oculus) would be great. How does beta program relates to developers and SDK? Are there any hw ports/interfaces for additional devices (analog I/O, I2C,...) on ZANO? Pledges - Do you plan to release price list of upgrades, spare parts etc. so we can adjust our plegdes to get them togeather with ZANO? @Creator: The reason I was asking you about waterproofing earlier is because of search/rescue possibilities. What would be nice is to have flight presets, either in the software or with a selector button on the Zano so the user would be able to throw the Zano away and it would fly around in a set height either with the camera facing inwards or outwards so the user could scan larger area around him. Using IR camera or regular pending on situation. Of course this could be problematic if in heavy rain or in a snowstorm :) (I do live in Iceland). Maybe something like Neverwet can solve that :) @ivan thanks for the photos of the batteries. Now to completely redesign hexacharger for the 4th time :( On the plus side I will get more PCB per panel this way. @creator- That's awesome news, thanks! While tentative, could you foresee this being included with the launch of the product, or would we have to wait awhile longer for such functionality? Great work thus far! @Matthew, it really depends on what you can get done .. A simple case no fluff i can see $10/15... Now if you can design one that can hold the hexa plus xtra batteries, then $25 on up , or even one that can hold a zano plus batteries,propellers,adaptors ect...then of course that would be way more . You can make it a kickstarter/zano exclusive. As long as your making a profit and a good reliable product , you set the price you set its value.. Hope it helps.. I wouldn't be worried re: UK regulations as long as you aren't stupid with it doing something unsafe or annoying no one is likely to use any future rules against you These drones are very cool, and I'm still going to get one but the more I think about it the more I worry about the UK and how hyper-sensitive it's getting. I can see these getting banned or severely neutered in public or village and closed in areas. Especially with the camera. Which is funny considering the phone camera and the rampant selfie culture. Just thinking of the future laws. Thinking about it, I suppose that my previous comment really just begs the question of how sensitive obstacle avoidance is and what its limits are. Maybe it is limited to being able to distinguish a door opening as opposed to the wall surrounding the door. It would, however, be useful to know what the practical limits are. @Creator - how will obstacle avoidance work in practice? Suppose I'm walking along a wooded path with the Zano filming me from behind and a tree branch is overhanging the path and blocking the route of the Zano. How does it determine whether to go above, below, left or right of the obstacle? hi all.Sorry for my english.Just backed yesterday.No bebop.Zano because it is much smaller and cost less but not yet there.....curieus what camera updates will come in the future because bebop is at the moment better.Some questions that I don't find an answer in this enormous comments :1is this external processing also for video footage?2 is it possible to limit speed of the movements of zano to enable very slow and smooth panning ,rotation and zooming during video? all the best in 2015 for everybody..... @Creator Thanks Ivan, I had missed Christopher Chadwick's original morse code post. I think the SOS Rescue Me feature (including audible and visual alerts, hovering above obstacles, and perhaps broadcasting its GPS location over wifi and other channels for other monitoring devices to pick up) just needs to be made as simple to launch as possible for obvious reasons. I wonder if a special case might be an idea to support this, literally open the case and press the emergency button. Zano then goes into special mode and adopts a continuous alerting behaviour over time, periodically recharging itself as required from the case itself. Can Zano re-land on the case (the case maybe needs to emit a location homing signal for this purpose) and connect itself magnetically to recharge? The case would need to carry a recharging capability and the nice-to-have would include solar recharging. Oops fro = from @Victor re Brazil: I hear that they are even delivering to Lock Haven, Pennsylvania, USA,, which is right next to absolutely nowhere. So you should be ok. Either way you should hear an answer today or tomorrow fro the developers. @Creator: As I'd mentioned this is my first experience with kickstarter, so my knowledge of it has either been by hanging out here, or reading tons at different sites about the ins and outs of the process. One negative theme that seems to get an awful lot of ink from the critics, is that if something is promised for release in a particular time frame (like June, 2015) backers should almost assume that the actual delivery will be significantly later (if ever). I'm not suggesting that this will be the case with this project, simply because of all the talk/praise that you have received by keeping all the backers CONSTANTLY informed and involved. Now the *real* reason for my comment ----> Your response to the groom-to-be, offered a smidgen of hope (for the poor dude). So wouldn't it be fantastic if your team actually did break the norm of late deliveries. Or even BETTER, maybe your team will set a higher bar and release it in MAY.....or April....or March. Not to worry, I'm just kidding. It must feel great to have a project that throngs of people are crying out for! Well Done! @Larry J. Geguzis NiMh batteries (what most rechargeable AA are) are not within the capabilities of hexacharger. The hexacharger has a Jst-xh header for batteries which is the most common used in flying toys. Adapters are available to other lipo batteries. As for a special zano shell I would need to draw one to see how much it would cost to print but I would guess $30 could be done with reasonable profits. @Victor Júnior I don't work for them but there is no reason for hem not to. Guys i just "backed" your project. But, just to ensure that i will receive ZANO. Do you really ship it to Brazil? Marginally relevant comment. I don't know how many countries carry the "I've fallen and I can't get UP! TV commercials. They are aimed at ancient citizens who have taken a flipper and need to call for help (provided by a necklace that can be activated to call for help. I think that's great for old females, but surely any respectable guy would be far happier launching a zano to fetch a grandson. (lol) Matthew Cornelisse said re battery charger: ..... different designs would be great thing to offer. How much do you think a special case would be worth. I thought that I'd note that the metal detector chargers I'd mentioned (to my knowledge) only ever worked with one size battery e.g. AA, 9V etc. but each of the detectors themselves used one of the types. The point being that it was at best annoying to have to buy several chargers or at worse cost prohibitive and discouraged even one sale. @Larry J. Geguzis off the top of my head hexacharger is 137mm long will look up dimensions when I can. @Jose Rodriguez it can charge any sigla cell lipo between 200mah and 800mah if they have case designs up by that time different designs would be great thing to offer. How much do you think a special case would be worth Thanks a lot for your answers to my previous questions ! One more, which is perhaps premature, if swarming is not yet available in June: I would like to do some experiments with an "heterogenous swarm". What are the possibilities of communication of the Zanos with simple arduino or raspberry pi based robots ? I understand a solution could be via wifi and a central node - a pc/mac or even a raspberry pi robot with wifi. Would using direct IR or radio link between such small robots and the Zanos also be a possibility ? Thank You Hi There, I understand that you are procuring incrementally higher capacity batteries for use with the ZANO.Would it be at all possible to upgrade the default batteries that comes with our pledges to these higher capacity batteries by adding more money to our pledges.I hope that the thermal camera module will be available prior to the delivery date as well so that we can contemplate on adding them on to our pledge rewards and having them shipped together as well in June.Perhaps you can share with us the additional cost of adding the modular thermal camera as well.Regarding what devices are compatible with the ZANO though.Would Android tablets be compatible with the Zano because the live camera feed would look better on a bigger screen. Hello again Ivan. I have a technical question. Sorry if it's been asked before. Will I be able to control the Zano with both my iPad and my Android phone (not at the same time of course)? Or do I have to register the Zano to just one of my devices? Thanks in advance. Ken. RE: Jose Rodriguez about 2 hours ago @Larry... But everyday its getting closer and closer :) To death (just kidding) @Matthew Cornelisse: Another hobby of mine is using metal detectors to search for coins, relics, etc. Most of there machines eat batteries like potato chips. Granted some specific machines have either spare chargers or the option to plug the machine is to charge the batteries between trips. You ought to check on a small add in a "Treasure hunting" magazine - their chargers are generally poor quality and very expensive. Just a thought. most machines use either AA's or 9v's Hi, I'm booked for the pledge delivering in June but I really want to use this for my wedding at the end of May, any chance of it being delivered a little earlier? :-) @Matthew - I agree with @Jose, that looks really neat. For me, I think the key is to make it work with as many different batteries as possible, particularly those for the hubsan, ladybird etc which, typically, come with a usb charger that only allows you to charge a single battery. There must be 100,000's of owners out there who would welcome the opportunity to charge more than 1 battery at a time. Advertise them on ebay (not a forward pledge admittedly but a much wider audience than kickstarter can offer). How loud is the Zano? @Larry... But everyday its getting closer and closer :) @Matthew ,hey that looks really good. Is it going fo be just for the zano batteries or will it be able to handle other types of batteries? Cause i know when i ran my 1/10th and 1/5th scale cars and trucks it would have been nice to charge multiple batteries... And as far as incentives go with the 3d printer maybe you can offer to do different zano bodies, or prop guards (not that it needs it) ...i dont know just something simple and cost effective.. I really think that once you get it the prototypes done and working with the zano batteries for example that many in the zano community will be more than interested.. Hell i know i was and i jumped at the chance at just the idea of it, sight unseen.. Now imagine what will happen once you have the working prototypes that you can show off.. And with a proper video and presentation i dont see you not hitting a 6 or 18 thousand goal , and if you want you can bounce some ideas off me about incentives or anything else.. Wanna see you really succeed at this.. It would be kinda cool to see a product like yours just take off. SHOOT! I just checked my watch and it's not Near June yet. (Sigh). @Matthew Cornelisse: What's the charger's rough footprint? TIA, LJG @Jose Rodriguez you can see the new design here: <url>"find my Zano" just as we have on iOS. Thus if lost or stolen could be located. Maybe even a "disable Zano" if not linked to an authorised device, or when an unauthorised user attempts to fly it sends a discrete text/email to registered user. Just some additional thoughts on security. £2m getting closer. I saw some great publicity in "No Camels" technology brief. I'm still waiting for new videos before the campaign ends! @Phil yes this can be done though it would be a simple thing to get around Just a thought: the Zano is going to be eminently stealable - it's such a cool toy that I'd expect that some are going to be filched from their proud owners, so how about some security? any possibility of an option (fly unsecured if you want) to register the zano to an account - if a zano is registered, then it will only work with mobile devices where that account information has been entered? If this security could be based remotely from the zano, then people would not be able to just reset the zano's firmware to use it themselves - have it so you need to log in to the flyzano website to de-register it from you're account if you want to give it away to someone else (can't imagine why though :p ). @Robert Phipps your sugestion has not exactly been asked for. It has been sugested to toss the zano to a location and it take a series of photos from the location it catches it's self then come back to tethered phone. Similar though your option let's you chose exact location. Hi, I apologise if this has been asked/suggested before, but it would be really neat if it would work without a phone. For example, you switch it on, hold it in your hand and raise it to where you want it. Then you press a button on the zano which starts it up. You can then gently lower your hand and the zano will hover in the position you had it. Then an automatic count down timer, shown on the LEDs (time configurable through app) and it will take a series of photos stored to the SD card. You then walk up to it and gently bring your hand underneath it. When it detects your hand it shuts down the rotors and returns to sleep. Turn it off and you have taken the photos without even getting your phone out. It could even have face recognition and display the number of recognised faces on the LED panel to make sure everyone is in shot and do an audible countdown. Would make it a lot more spontaneous than: "hold on, let's get my phone out, now connect, now drive it to where I want it, now set it to hover, now put my phone away, take the picture, get phone out, land the zano. Done" Just get it out, hold it where you want it, hit the on switch step back a bit and then the photos are taken. Still really interesting project and congrats on reaching the million. Looking forward to mine this summer! Cheers Rob @Sheri E Stefano Bellelli - the parrot bebop is twice the size (and weight), needs to be flown (you can't just task it), has less functionality and has no sdk (as far as I'm aware) meaning that developers are unable to add new features. On the other hand it has a better camera (but the camera is a module on the Zano) and, natively, better range and it is available now. $Russell Burder no etching but sounds like probably a certificate will be released. Hi Zano team, Just a quick one will you be etching (or other method) a kickstarter logo on the Zano for all of us that backed the first run of Zano's? Cheers, Russ @Mattew Cornelisse, Thanks for the help. I thought that was I needed to do but wasn't sure and didn't wanna pledge the money and only get the one perk. Hey Ivan, It's a pleasure helping out the community of backers here. I need to actually update the questions again, but with the festive season I haven't had chance! I will be on it soon. I have been looking at the hits and they are remarkable! It's fascinating looking at the demographic of location and age. Your project has spread wide and far and I have had some fantastic questions from current and potential backers. I can't wait to get mine! @Brendon Swift increase your bid by the cost. You only pay shipping once so don't add again. When everything is done they will ask what the extra money is for. I'm sure it's been asked but I can't find it anywhere in all those comments, but I've already pledged for a one Zano how would I pledge for the GITD one also without losing my first pledge ? Zano vs parrot Pros and cons? They r both mini drones , what make each unique or better over the other? @Abdul Halim Mat Ali no not waterproof @Creator. Is Zano waterproof? @Sheri E Stefano Bellelli angle of incline is possible but zano can't stay staionery when tilted. They are working on a manual tilt mechanism. If you're bored with selfies, try this for a change ... <url>"Rescue Me" function? If people are going to take their Zano out into the wilds or on extreme sports events, then in the unfortunate situation where someone gets injured or lost, then Zano could be used to raise the alarm. It could fly directly up from the current spot (you might be able to negotiate special compensation from the authorities for Zano to fly higher just for this specific function) above local obstructions. In a forest for example to some height above surrounding trees. Zano can then issue audible alerts for help. At night Zano can SOS flash its led display and spin round much like a lighthouse might do to be seen from all directions. I think there are some things in the design of Zano which would help this scenario. I was thinking of the case design and ability for Zano to be charged whilst in the case and also perhaps its ability to land on the case and be auto recharged, so when ready it can launch again and continuously keep raising the alert. How about a solar panel on the case to grab power for recharging? I think this RescueMe function needs to be able to operate standalone without the need for an accompanying tethered device. @Creator Hi Ivan and team, many congratulations on the £1million milestone. Here's to the next £million! Hope you can enjoy some time off before CES. Very best wishes, Simon. @Anthony Cheung: I don't know if they have tested that, but rest assured that the question will likely be answered by the Creators in their next post. Will it be tested in cold conditions? Usually batteries die very quickly from my snowboarding experience. @Creator: Well, come on guys! I know it's past 9 a.m. on the day after the Christmas Holidays, but this is no time to rest you your/our laurels! More like a time for one of those "surprises" you've been teasing aimed at perking up the pledging/excitement! (just kidding). I hope you all had a Joyous holiday and returned relaxed, refreshed, and barely the shell of you pre-holiday selves (lol). @TKoh I think that the swarming abilities will be a real leap up in both fun and functionality. For a very long time, I'd backed getting a single Zano, but eventually caved and have now pledged for two. @Canadian Coffee - Yes, but very light. Hi Creators, Will be possible to drive Zano with a Gamepad? Its more fun and more accurate use a Gamepad than the touch screen. The best gamepad is Moga Pro, i think is important to be compatible with Moga and appear on the compatibility Moga List. Thanks! Lets do it Water proof . Like QudeH2O . Merry Christmas, and congratulations on the €1mm Christmas present! My daughter was so excited to get her (pre)present of a Zano. She started reading some of the comments on the site. She was wondering if there would be any way to attach a grappling hook of sorts, or something, to Zano in order to carry something (small/light) on it? Yeah!!! Good on you guys, and what's fun ride this community is turning out to be. Live long and prosper ���� Merry Christmas Everyone! A million Congratulations to the amazing Zano Team!! More power!! Go go go! Well done Ivan,Reece,Phil, Phil and Thomas, you made the £Million!! Its not going to stop there though!! Exciting times for you. Merry xmas to all the Zano backers and to the Torquing group. Great to see the project passed the 1million goal, impressive :) Merry Christmas, and a Zano new year. Merry Christmas to @Ivan and the rest of the Zano team, as well as every single backer and the superb collection of regular commenters, and the whole Zano community. Hope you all have a lovely day whatever you may be doing x Congratulations in passing the £1m mark! That's an amazing achievement and I would say is down to the brilliance of the project just as much as how amazingly good you guys are at customer service and keeping us all informed. Proud to be a part of this and can't wait for June! Merry Christmas @creator. Hope your holidays are filled with joy, success, and LOVED ONES! Merry Christmas to you Ivan and your entire team and also to all you wonderful folks. Congratulations on the 1M mark keep it going. Cheers! I watched all of your videos and in one of them you mentioned the use of a high performance computer to do image processing (HPC) . I was curious if there will be a cost for image processing on the HPC and how long it will take to process a standard image? @ creators Congrats for passing the first million £. Will we be getting the 'SWARMING" Technology ONLY in "future" when you receive another £1,000,000, or will our pledges here come with it? MERRY CHRISTMAS to all other backers on here; hoping that you are all able to celebrate it well. HAPPY HOLIDAYS. Congrats on reaching £1million. Still plenty of time to get to £2million. Well done. Hi I just read your going to have 3d models for those of us with 3d printers, who do we get them as I have one pledged to on kickstarter the flux. thanks for any info. I think everyone's previous comments say it all. But truly well done to everyone at Torquing group for bringing not just an innovative product to Kickstarter but also a truly backer (customer) focused approach with communication and handling of this project. If what we have seen so far is just the start, there are big things to look forward to! Here's to another £1million. Happy christmas everyone! Congrats on reaching the one million goal! Well done! You have earned it! Professional and positive approach to build a beautiful incredible product has helped you guys reach the 1m mark with 2 weeks to go . Congrats and sweet Christmas to you guys. And a Merry Christmas to all backers for fetching yourself a nice beautiful tasking nano drone Professional and positive shortish to A Christmas Day million well done team Zano. Onwards to 2 million now for some swarming :) We're all MILLIONAIRES! MERRY CHRISTMAS AND HAPPY HOLIDAYS!! This is a Merry Christmas for everyone! Congratulations! 1,000,000 and 14 days to go. Congratulations passing 1000000 No need to stay up! Congratulations to the whole Torquing Group team who, with a brilliant product and a truly professional attitude, have achieved this stretch goal on Christmas day. Well done all - onwards and upwards! Congrats! What a Christmas for Zano! Well congratulations on the first million. And Happy Christmas. £1,000,040!!!!!!!! @Mark - not using it to actually ascend just (that would need a really big balloon and risk carrying Zano out of range). I'm thinking of using a small balloon just to make Zano seem lighter by lifting 50-75% of its weight. Without Zanos motors it won't fly off, but it will use much less battery e.g. to hover Less than £500 to go - do I stay up? @John Gorst didn't you bring this up about 2 days ago? @ivans response was "Hey John. Regarding the helium balloon. I like the idea. Free fall would be very power economical and you would only need to engage the motors fully probably at 10m above ground level to stop the descent and then fly to base." How about using a helium balloon (e.g. 16" giving 34g lift ability) to provide some upwards thrust..... this will prolong battery life without having to worry about Zano being carried up into the clouds..... Zano will just be slower to descend and may get blown about a little bit more. Hi everyone. For people promising to back hexacharger ivan has now provided me with the information I need to make sure zano's batteriea will work with no adapters so the 48 h clock for the 2 remaining that have not paid has started. Because of Christmas I will not be on here until December 26th. Merry christmas all. Merry Christmas, and I suspect that it's going to be a VERY Happy New Year! Congrats. It looks like Santa is bringing you £1m for Christmas. Just one thought. Is the obstacle avoidance proportional to velocity? If moving very slowly, zano needs a smaller reaction time to avoid an obstacle, so in this case would I be able to get up real close to an object for inspection or would I need to make adjustments first. Just pledged for LIMITED EDITION GLOW IN THE DARK ZANO W/ LIMITED EDITION GLOW IN THE DARK CARRY CASE. I'm so impressed by the specs, design and a British company with jobs in Wales. I fly DJI Hexa, and TBS Quad - I'm looking forward to having some fun with these, Well done! @Simon Rishton - my main concern is that if you take it off from a relatively sheltered location like shielded by a line of trees, for instance, once it gets above the tree height the wind speed could be substantially different. Zano is so small that once it gets away from you it is very difficult to see what is going on. I take the point that you will have telemetry to help you but, even so, by the time you've sussed out what is happening it could be well over 100m away (I know from experience with an RC Logger which is a lot bigger than the Zano :-(. In those circumstances I would suggest that you don't want it to continue drifting away from you until you take remedial action but would want the Zano itself to take that action, even if it means dumping itself somewhere from which it is not easily retrievable. Merry Christmas to all! To. @Doug Conran - regarding wind speed increasing with height, as the Zano has to tilt over more to increase its horizontal air speed and maintain position, the motor power will have to increase to keep sufficient force in the vertical vector. Once the motors are unable to provide enough force, the Zano will begin to descend, which will take it into a lower wind speed. The result depends on how the Zano prioritises its actions. Which comes first, attaining the required height or getting to the required location? It could be quite useful having telemetry back from the Zano to estimate wind speed and direction at different heights. As a glider pilot it's good to be pre warned of unexpected wind shear before launch, though we can usually take an educated guess from experience. It's a pity that my glider can't fly slowly enough for Zano to shoot some interesting air to air video. Merry christmas to you and all your backers. Have a wonderful time with families and friends and off course all the best for your project. The 1.000.000 is getting closer with every day! Glædelig jul from Denmark. :-) Merry Christmas Everyone!! hello everyone!! I'm a new Zano backer. I'm very wishful with this project!! Only i want say that it's very important develop a good SDK to guarantee a long Zano life. Merry Christmas and a very very happy new year!! Hi Creator, thanks for the prompt reply! It does help : ) @Ricardo if you want 2 just increase pledge to cover cost of second of type you want(no shipping on second) If you want to change use manage pledge to change your pledge @Matthew Cornelisse - I agree with @Doug, do what you think is best. Also I'm not too worried about it being a bit larger. Heat problems will only happen with a faulty battery. My charger does check charging curves to try to prevent problems. Heat would let me prevent the 1 in a million fire. Low odds but don't want anyone's house burning down so any safety features I can build in I would like to. @Matthew Cornelisse - as far as I'm concerned, do what you feel is best, I completely trust your judgement. FYI, I have a number of 1S 350mah-500mah lipos and have not had any heat problems charging them with the standard issue USB charger. They take about 30-40 mins to charge up. It has come to my attention that these small lipo batteries don't have thermisters on board. for safety it would be best for me to have spots to put the batteries so I can monitor the temps of each. What do people think of this quick rendering? <url>£1 million mark (just over £11000 to go, now)! Thanks for the update(s) @Ivan - very informative as usual. I do like the idea of a certificate or something. I know its not really important but I'm proud to be a part of this, and when (when, not if) Zano goes global, becomes the next big thing, gets involved with earthquake rescue, education, gaming and all sorts of thing it will be pretty cool to be able to say "I helped start that" @Creator When do you think you can make the 3d Models available to us? I do have access to a 3d printer and would gladly like to print my blue version ;) I think numbering them and matching them up to the order people pledged is cool but definitely unrealistic. That would take a stupid amount of time, however just numbering the run of kickstarter Zano's starting at 0001 and working your way up (5500ish at the minute) would be pretty cool. Not exactly a deal breaker, and obviously don't want to take away from the guys time, but still pretty cool. Just as long as the numbering does not take focus or energy from functionality or pricing. :-) (I chose the "limited edition" case for the fuel stick. I could not care less about limited editions or numbered versions. My zano will not be less worth to me because there are many other people that have the same version.) if the numbering idea gets adopted, I support numbering per model!! ... (I think I got nr. 1 in for the GITD model :-)) This user's account has been deleted. +1 for the numbering idea of @JPH. Also +1 for the beacon idea! How about - and this sounds like a plug but its not, I'm not affiliated with them - the Hiro that runs on Kickstarter at the moment. Hey Ivan, I read your comment earlier about increasing volume and decreasing cost. I was wondering how many Zano's does it take for an order to be large enough to receive a discount? Which in turn makes everything cheaper for us as the consumers/backers. Just a thought. P.S. If I still want Red/White/Blue propeller blades, would that be possible? I'm thinking 2 glow in the dark, 2 RWB on a black Zano. Also, are there anyother replicable parts that will have customizable colors? Like the arms that hold the propellers. Or the feet of the Zano. @Doug: thanks for the update. @Yannick - I believe that somewhere in rewards or in updates that it has been stated that standard clam shell cases will cost £25 each. @Ivan +1 for @JPH's nubmering idea. On the shell or the actual frame just have a number printed/engraved/cut. Start at the bottom of the pledges for the super early birds and just work your way up. That would be sweet, but only on the Kickstarter ones @JPH "3D print myself as a Christmas present for everyone" genius :D @ivan Camera: great news on the multiple positions progress, appreciate your work to try and get that sorted. Infrared - awesome 3d - not overly interested, unless you could use Zano as a 3d scanner, in which case yes I would 3d print myself as Christmas presents for everyone In general I'm not expecting the image quality to be amazing (I've got an expensive camera for that) however it's my ability to tweak the images after thats of interest. To be honest I can do 90% of what I need on iPhoto. Am I correct the stretch goal will provide a similar platform to this? And further should I expect the images to be realistically limited in terms of depth so limited scope for editing or with your beast running in the background will the imagines have real scope for boosting at home? Accessories: As @ben I really liked the red shell, I'm correct in thinking sooner or later I will be able to buy a spare 'shell' for my zano? (Red comes in handy when skiing) Beacon - I'd very much like at the end of ski or bike run to be able to watch my pals coming down after me on my phone with zano chasing them. Would it be possible at some to stage to create a physical 'beacon' which you can task zano to follow? Allowing me to hold onto my phone and overall control zano. I appreciate to truly use this function I would need to look into range extenders but judging by previous comments I get the impression there will be options for this later on? This could also be potentially put on a wrist strap or glove and when zano returns 'home' you could put out your spare hand with the beacon attached and would land accurately Limited edition: As Marshall mentioned I was a little disappointed when all the new limited additions came along. I was a bit smug when I got the black and it had quite a bit of prestige getting a limited model of such a cool gadget. It would be nice if each limited edition model had an individual model number engraved on the carry case and possibly on zano itself (that may only work for limited models which have sold out). Further the zanofuel (which I think still says on the story page is only for the original 1000 limited models) would be cool to have that number engraved and coloured to match each limited edition. Appreciate your getting more numbers onboard to actually provide more for the money for the customer (ie me) but getting some sort of feel again that what I ordered was a limited edition item would be really cool. Have fun at CES and a merry Christmas guys @creator: I have been talking a lot about the Zano at work. There is some interest, of course thinking of going for the family pack at that moment, as it's an interesting offer. The family pack doesn't include the clam shell case, hence my question, can you give an idea of the cost of the case? I know when the project will end we'll all get a survey to make modification, add some extra's, like the case, but it's good to already have an idea of the price. I presume in the family pack you can also pick 2 blacks and 2 white ones, or 3 and 1 for example? @Roger Maki I would guess so, but pls let @ivan confirm it @Stefan Sluiman thx for the addittion! Yesterday evening they covered the topic of drones on the Belgian news. Glad to learn any drone under 1kg = toy. I would say Zano has some margin :) This may have been mentioned, but there are a lot of comments to read through. Any thoughts of an intelligent link between Zano units when flying multiple devices. Would be cool to have a few of the units work together and stay a specified distance apart while taking images. Another thought might be to link them together with waypoints and allow them to hop past one another as the Zano units are passed by the control (iPhone, other...) device. So may possibilities. :) Thanks Mark, So, your saying I don't need to specify pledge for GITD limited that I will be guaranteed one? Sorry for asking so much on this but excited about the GITD Zano! Hello! I understand that the flight time is about 15 mins.. Are there any plans to improve this to 30 mins? Be it via the electronics or software.. How realisable is this flight duration improvement to 30 mins. @Mark Penders The article you referenced to actually was a so called test trial. They will take this case up all the way to the highest national court in order to create legislation on the matter. Though, as I have previously mentioned, current Dutch law defines the Zano as a model airplane, not as a drone. In other words: legislation created with those cases, will not apply to the Zano. @Roger Maki I think your safe with the £424 pledge for both the Black and GITD limited edition Zanos. You might even be £10 too high, since you only need to include shipping once, but I leave it to @ivan to confirm that to you. @Roger Maki - the shipping charge applies to your total order, not each Zano. So in the UK if you pledge for 1 zano you pay the pledge plus £10 shipping. If you later increase your pledge to include an additional Zano you still only pay £10 shipping (plus, of course, for your 2 Zanos:-) By the way I have 424 pounds for my pledge I found your answer to @Ling about getting both Zano's but what are you talking about only one shipping charge? Sorry I'm getting more confused on ordering both now. @Roger Maki it is my understanding that once you have pledged for a specific amount, you can then increase that amount to include any (or multiple) of the other pledges. You'll get the confirmation after the enquiry at the end of the campain. @creator: Am I correct in assuming that although several pledge levels are limited to say 50 pledges, you can still quietly obtain that pledge in combination with another pledge level, effectively forcing you guys to produce more Zanos than the limit amount? @Creator - seeing the answers to @Byron's questions it occurs to me that wind speed can vary with height. Zano may get launched into a windspeed of less than 25mph but as it gains height the wind strengh may rise above that. In that situation it would be unable to 'return to home'. In those circumstances can it be made to just land as quickly as possible (unless, maybe, it can detect that it can move ahead again) Now for sure I want a glow in the dark zano, + my first selected Black limited, I have the both amounts listed on pledge so how am I guaranteed both of these when you cant select both on kickstart? The glow in the dark is my first choice but I'm listed for my black one? @creator If the final zano prototype won't come to you before the end of the campaign, could you just videos and pictures taken with the first zano? (I know the final version will have different and better components but it would be good to see where we start) . Thank u Oooh, the glow in the dark color is SO tempting! How long does the glow in the dark plastic last after being charged? If it lasts long, I'll upgrade my order. Otherwise I'll opt for glow propellers, glow stickers, and hopefully you guys will have some colored LEDs at propeller arms to tell orientation at night as Alan suggested (red, green, white, and blue would be cool). Thanks for such a cool gadget! @matthew just beat me lol :) @byron answering your first 2 questions the zano will follow your phone and is also capable of tracking a target via the onboard camera And the zano has a top speed of approximately 25mph @Byron "FIREFLY 4 ZCIDE S4" CC 1) yes 2) 25mph 3) don't know but that is a software problem so can only be improved on. @creator / @all I'm sorry if these questions have been asked before... 1) I'm pretty sure it does, but does the zano track moving targets? Ie if I have my phone in my pocket will the zano follow me? 2) if so what is its max transversal speed? Would it keep up with a bike /snow boarder? 3) what is its operation like in the wind? I vaguely remember something about not being tested fully, but would it be viable to launch on the mountain and withstand some wind whilst I am snowboarding? I realise that this may not be the drone I am looking for (lol) but the form factor is very appealing @J G - Um, what I should have said is '... Zano will display on your smartphone/tablet what it's camera is seeing ...' Makes more sense ;-) @John Gorst - yes, you are right, Zano will display what the camera is seeing on your smartphone/tablet albeit with a possibly minor latency. I thought you were refering to a non-latency solution. For me, if there is any noticeable latency I don't think it will be a problem (a) because the Zano is, essentially, tasked rather than flown and (b) because video will be captured in full HD on microSD, anyway. First fine in a drone lawsuit in The Netherlands. A professional photographer used a drone to take pictures of a crime scene and that was considered illegal use of a drone. He was sentenced to a fine of € 1000, of which € 750 was a suspended sentence. The article is in dutch, give me a shout if you need further information or translation. <url>"Regarding getting both black and glow in the dark limited editon Zanos. Kickstarter only allows one reward to be chosen. However, if you pledge the total for both but one shipping charge, at the end of the campaign when we send you the survey, you can tell us exactly which Zano's you want and we can ensure you get what your after. You can also at this point specify more batteries, propellers or other add-on's." I have the early edition black but also want the glow in the dark, how do I pledge for both? @Joakim - I think there has already been a comment about having a slightly larger battery (was it 500 or 600 compared to the fitted 400mah) as a possible optional extra. They are also looking at the possibility of using single use lithium AAA/AAA batteries as an option for when you need really long flight times (higher energy density vs cost and environment) or as emergency backups. Please provide some real footage took by Zano during the wind condition and the the video of how the Zano flying during the wind condition ( not the footage but the video of Zano flying itself) .... i think most of us want to see how this little things handle the wind... since this is very important factor of we choose to buy this product / idea or not, if it cant deal with the wind condition , it seems not piratical when using in our daily life. ...thank you so much for have such funny product anyways ! keep the good work ! i am looking forward to this ! @creator Do tell, will you guys be working on extending the battery life in the future? Such as other batteries and/or through software updates? @Doug Conran - I thought Zano did FPV over wifi (be that 2.4) already? Maybe I am getting the definition of FPV video mixed up..... I'm justing talking about controlling the Zano through the app with a real-time video feed of the already fitted camera to help you control it and line up photo's etc. @John Gorst - As far as I'm aware Zano works on the 2.4Ghz spectrum only. If you are looking for realtime FPV then you would need to add a 5Ghz transmitter and camera. There are some pretty light combos out there but whether they will be light enough to be lifted by Zano I don't know. Hopefully they will provide upgrade kits so u can by different color enclosures if u want to change the look Sigh. As much as I'd love to have the glow-in-the-dark setup, I just can't justify $80USD for it, so I guess I'll be buying some glow-in-the-dark stickers for my white Zano. But here's hoping it brings you 1,000+ new orders! Hopefully you'll make lots of extra glow-in-the-dark propellors so maybe we can purchase a spare prop (or two or three) to help light it up at night. BTW, you may have already said, but will we have any control over the LEDs at the ends of the prop arms, or just the LED panel? It might be cool to have Zano's prop arm lights mimic an aircraft (red on one site, green on the other, and perhaps white on a third - it would help to discern the unit's orientation in the dark and probably use less energy than the full panel. Ok, so 5ghz could be good...... does Zano transmit on the 2.4 and 5ghz spectrum? If so I will make sure my modded Nexus 7 antenna does both! What are the bandwidth requirements for real-time FPV video feed + control? The glow in the dark does look cool so I can see why so many people voted for it. Im sure you will create more colours in the future after the campaign, so I still have hopes for a red one also! @creator 1)What kind of special propellers has the glow in the dark? 2)How long could last the glowing properties of the plastic u used? 3)Will u be able to improve noise cancellation before the first delivery? 4)I was checking the project details...but didn't see a pic to help. how does the standard case look like? 5)what's zano withstanding to impact. If it falls could arms/propellers break easy? @Lei Guo the rgb screen can be used as flash. Also would look cool flying around @creater, How is pic/video quality when it's taken at dark? There is no point to buy it glow in the dark if the picture quality is poor. Also could you show us some samples which were taken at night? Thanks @creator I wish I had money for glow in the dark also. You should put some uv leds in the case to keep plastic charged Hi Creator, how do I add in a Glow-In-Dark Zano to my original pledge of a limited edition black Zano? Haha, Drone vs kangaroo! <url>"old" backers to stick them on a white or black Zano. I mean, don't forget your "old" backers! Glow in the dark Zano looks nice! Merry Christmas everybody. @creator +1 for the glow in the dark, pledge adjusted! Nice sweaters! Merry Christmas. @John Gorst you are mostly correct. The higher the frequency the harder a time it has going around objects so you are limited by the curvature of the earth. In an obstinate free room the performance will be the same. This hack for my old Nexus 7 looks good..... add a unidirectional antenna to the back..... you would generally point the tablet in the direction of the UAV so should always be pointing the right direction! <url>黃堂晃 5Ghz doesn't have very good range compared to 2.4Ghz (higher frequency = shorter range) especially getting around objects. In the outdoor environment there is probably insignificant 2.4ghz interference making 2.4ghz reach over longer distances. @creator Wagerly waiting for an update on the tilting mechanism for the camera and on the update for the camera... @Creator @Mark @Peter +1 search and rescue. To help 'find' people, would it be possible for Zano, through software on the receiving end, not on Zano's ense, to 'map out' where it's been? Thinking of videogames with maps that are covered in 'fog' until your character actually goes to that area. Just a thought. @Creator - this is going to sound like a plug but it really isn't, I am not affiliated with them in any way, it's just a really good product - anyways, that out of the way, think the VR type setup would be brilliant! Would be even better if we could get a dual camera module for the zano and do this in 3D! Back to the first point, if you are going to try out VR headsets, I would really recommend <url>"trick" I'm going to put that into practice :) Thanks. Can't wait to see the counter jump over 1million. Way to go guys, keep it up. To me it's already the product of 2015 :) I have experience at wireless. I have few questions about wireless part, heres : 1. Can we support 11 a/n @ 5GHz wireless? The 2.4GHz is too noisy. 2. Can we control multiple ZANO at same time? By using PTMP, Hopping or MESH wireless technology ? 3. Which wireless chipset be selected ? Can change it ? Thanks. Hi Ivan, Did my e-mail regarding testing in high altitude and extreme cold get through? I sent it from my .hk domain so maybe it ended up in your spam folder :P Best regards, Kjelt @eMtec @Creator - can you enlighten us, now, on the reasons for photo 1 and photo 2? @Mark Penders - point taken and Zano would certainly be easier to cart around. @Doug Conran possibly, but ease of handling and pricing might make it suitable for a large portion of situations. Bad weather is a deal breaker anyway for working at altitude. Moreover: in my view the Zano would help to get a relative quick overview of a situation that would normally require climbing. @creator: this discussion brings me to another question. Would it be possible for say one person to guide a Zano and have its image displayed at two or more displays? E.g. someone in a building, the others outside, someone at height and the others at ground level. By my reckoning we should hit the £1 million mark on Christmas day. Nice present to the developers and well deserved. @Mark Penders - although it pains me to say it, a larger drone such as a phantom or, better, a Mariner might be more suitable for what you are suggesting. I suspect that weather would be an important element of that sort of activity and the Mariner in particular, which is waterproof, would cope better. +1 for @Doug's search and rescue idea. I think that has great potential, especially in collapsed buildings? Reduce the 'cocoon' size to as small as possible and send it in to check for signs of life, then if it finds any it can either transmit voice messages or just use the RGB display to reassure any persons trapped. Even if it would not be able to transmit the exact location you would still be able to narrow it down, see if you're digging in the correct place and reassure anyone who is trapped. Even if the Zano was then destroyed in the rescue it wouldn't matter (although if it came out unscathed that would be even better!). As @Doug said a video of Zano doing this at CES would be fantastic, or you could set up a live demonstration (on a small scale) - just get some polystyrene blocks (or similar), pile them up & arrange them so there is multiple paths running through then fly the Zano through! Could even paint them to look more realistic! Thanks again for all the updates @Ivan. I'm so excited to get my hands on the Zano and start trying out all the awesome functions! And by my count there is 5526 Zano's on order - thats a hell of a swarm! @Dough Conran I was thinking along similar lines. I work for a telco and Zano would be great for quick/initial checking of equipment at heights, or for examination of line of sight that you need for microwave links +1 for Raimis I agree that swarming is a feature which might be used from a very small amount of backers. A one million stretch goal for single Zanos would make more than 90% backers very happy - including me. :-) @Creator - The vast majority of comments on these pages have focussed on the fun aspects of Zano (of which there are many). However I believe that there is another, less explored, side which is to do with search and rescue. Because of its small size, its sensors and the fact that it is airborne the Zano is able to go where no man, sniffer dog or surface device could go when exploring unsafe buildings. It is not susceptible to weak floors and could squeeze into gaps that nothing else could get into. So: 1. To what extent do its sensors cover dimensions other than the forward dimension? Does it sit within a cocoon of protection such that if it were to drift sideways in a confined space the sensors would detect any obstacles and adjust that drift? 2. What would happen if you tried to manoeuvre it through a small gap which is narrower than the cocoon width? Can the sensors urge to correct against each side be ignored? I think that it would be fantastic if you were able to demonstrate this side of Zano at the CES exhibition. All that is really needed would be a video of the Zano moving through a series of confined spaces, maybe a stock room or something although, obviously, a derelict building would be better. If you have got 2 Zanos flying at the moment maybe you could use one to follow and video the other doing it's business. Focus on the power of Zano to do good as well as to have fun! Hi, what kind of propellers are on ZANO. Are they stock ones? Propellers are destroyed quickly and have to be replaced (&sourced) easily... How does ZANO cope with one propeller broken/removed in flight? Is the firmware able to detect it and safely return/land? The electronics on ZANO looks extremely promising. Do you intend to release electronic only in the future? I'd love to have flight controller with similar capabilities on "classic" copter. @Ivan: even with the range extender the tx power of the zano will stay the same ...in that case how will telemetry be received at the transmitter assuming the ranger extender will be with the phone Come on 2 mil and swarming! @王昭博 there stock software will support android. 3rd party apps depend on the developer. Me personally android and Web are only platforms I support. Other feature droid is missing is FPV which is hot with arial video & photo droids now. Also, you have technology to control droid with eye sight movements. Dear, Ivan, Your Zano is a stunning military grade featured drone with no analogs made. Absolutely stunning! Let me suggest something: As you marketing this drone for photo & video applications, please make another Zano 2 with 16MP camera module (Samsung is using in their galaxy S5) and 4K video on SD card. I would loose most of the cool features like swarming as 99.9 customers will never buy more than one droid. It's a mistake let customer install other camera, as you will get lots of returns. support Android ?? Hello Ivan. Just wanted to thank you for answering my question regarding free flight mode (from a few days ago). I understand now and am looking forward to trying it out. Nearly at the magic million. Wow, well done. well maybe the directional range extender used in this video works :) <url>"update #2" saying everyone gets an extra battery which means in the end that I'm getting less for my money than I initially did (spare battery + case becomes only + case). Don't get me wrong, I still think Zano is much more worth than what I'm paying. I just wanted to share this and get things cleared. @Creator: this should be your next project :D <url>"by using a small battery powered WIFI hub with a phase array antenna, you could easily control Zano well past the 500m range" - can I ask when you were testing this, which model / manufacturer did you use? @Carlson Tang - the hot air balloon sounds like an interesting one. The pictures would be fantastic, and air speed is not a problem because the balloon is effectively stationary in the current of air. Getting the Zano back could present more of a problem. As far as Zano is concerned it wants to return to a gps location, but the balloon is constantly moving with respect to the ground. Altitude could also be a problem. Zano has an accurate air pressure altimeter, so knows its own altitude pretty accurately. Your smart phone however only has gps altitude which is less accurate. Also, the Zano would normally like to approach from above then descend to its station. In this case there is a rather large obstruction just above you. Look forward to seeing the pictures though. @Ivan , i thinking and i'm not sure if it can be done or how easy or if it can be done .... But since it has a microphone if the sensitivity can be adjusted? Meaning if it can, could it be set as a motion /sound detector to start taking either video or pictures and if those videos /pictures if connected to lets say my tablet/phone could send it to my email or if not as soon as the tablet /phone was with in range it would send it.. (Does that make sense?).. That way if i have it sitting on my shelf/dresser/table or where ever i could set it as security system of sorts. Not sure how good of an idea it is or if its even feasible , just a thought of a very excited future zano owner and thinking beyond just selfies :) .... And as of this comment it's now £61,341away from £1m.. :) very cool and exciting... @Creator - I'm also imterested in range as I think it would be great for recording local sports events. I don't think you would fall foul of data protection issues as you would be recording in a public place but, in the UK, you would probably need to be more than 50m from your subjects as they would likely not be under your control. 1. How would you reliably extend the range of Zano to about 100m? 2. What sort of image quality do you think you would get of an individual at about 50m distance and after any digital zoom and post-processing? @Mark : zano comes up as a WiFi Access Point much like the WiFi router at our homes. These WiFi modules have a configurable repeater mode in them and am.guess zanos WiFi module also has this. If so and if the firmware allows this to be configured then one zano can repeat ur phones WiFi signals but u won't be able to control this zano it will act as passive repeater u could have it hover far from your phone and control the second zano still further away. This is not a efficient idea for ranger extension though. On second thoughts the range extender would have to be roughly at equal distance from the phone and zano to achieve max range I've been backing (and religiously following) this project since close to the beginning, and find myself coming back to this page for updates multiple times a day. I know most of this has been said before, but I just feel the need to add my own comments. I have followed and/or backed multiple Kickstarter campaigns, but this has, by very far, been the most informative, inspirational, educational, and interactive that I have ever seen. @Ivan/@creator, this has really been a joy to see unfold before my eyes. Thank you for your dialogue and engagement throughout this process. I am not a technical person, nor a developer, but I have learned so much from you and from other backers. It has been a lot of fun reading through all of the comments and learning about new technologies. I think I've read all of the comments since the beginning of this campaign, but that doesn't mean I remember all of them! My original idea was to get a Zano for my 11 yr old daughter for Christmas, but now I see it (or more likely, multiple ones!) will definitely be for both of us! By the way, do you have any gift card/notification, or other interesting way to let people know they are getting Zano as a gift? I can't wait to tell her about the Zano, and get her hooked on the comments and continuous improvements being created as well. I think she (and I) would really enjoy being a beta tester. I love the ideas that have been presented so far: throw Zano to launch, return to base, charge directly in case, etc. +1 for Zano being so much more than a selfie camera. I became intrigued by the original concept, but became enthralled by all of the other possibilities. One question: if Zano loses contact with my phone, and is programmed to return to a specific spot or back to last known location if "lost", if on its return trip it manages to reconnect with my phone, will it continue to emergency land, or will it take commands from the phone? Thanks again for this amazing project. Can't wait to see what comes next! Kevin @Matthew...Thanks! For your prompt answer...now pictures are getting clearer...Thanks again! Would one ZANO double as a range extender for other ZANOs? Or is the direct distance to your phone determining the maximum range? @Arnel Teh no you only get your reward level. The advantage to being a beta tester is getting free upgrades for as long as you maintain your beta testing status. You also presumably get access to upgrades before the rest of the world and have a direct pipeline for your comments and concerns to the developer. @Ivan or anyone who can answer my Question...aside from your reward as a Backer...will you received another Zano unit as a Beta tester? Sorry, Don't know much about Beta testing...Thanks! Thanks Bosco� @Carlson Tang the range is limited only by your phones ability to send and receive wifi signals. If you have a bunch of wifi repeaters set up the range can be infinit. @T Kap: zano creates a local WiFi network and your phone connects to it so you dont need an internet connection and the WiFi link between your phone n zano will always be there ofcourse subject to distance. sorry if this is a stupid question but if I'm out and there is no wifi and I can't tether to my cell wifi, the ZANO won't work? @Creator - I've been looking through the comments/faqs, but I've been unable to find details on the range of the ZANO, how far can the ZANO go before it loses connection signal? I've looked at some of the bigger drones (Parrot) for them i think it's dependent on the device your using and the wifi type, but from what i saw from some user's comments, the moment it loses connection, it just stops and hovers until it runs out of battery and eventually just drops (if over water, goodbye drone). For the Zano, will it be able to return if you were on a moving boat/hot air balloon when you lose connection? @Creator For what it's worth, I agree with Doug conran re capitalizing (pun intended) on the very small footprint + incredible functionality. I'm likely one of the older backers here, so you may not remember the "Space race" back in the '60's. The Soviets lead with Sputnic and their advantage was hugely powerful rockets that could put up very heavy payloads. The US had much smaller rockets so we had to miniaturize anything we tried to put in orbit. *Eventually*, that weakness turned into a strength. As our rockets became more powerful we could launch much more functionality. In the end we got to the moon first (literally by hours), but I hope you get my point. You've already DONE the impressive parts - and in a tiny package. That's your strength. That's what's so impressive about zano! Not that it can take selfies, but that it's doing so much in the background. I just agree that you are selling the zano short. If you were watching the tube tonight and someone advertized throwing a camera in the air and have it follow you, I think that you'd be far less impressed by the camera and wonder how the heck did they get it to FLY. You wouldn't care about buying that camera - it's that platform! Just my 2 cents. Sweet, now we can wait till it comes back again. Good that Indiegogo verifies it creators.....not! Ha- it has just disappeared Salt Lake Comic Con just tweeted about this @creator I know this is way outta your way but you should make a new video for your introduction. Maybe take all the new things zano will have such as; shake to wake, throwing in are and catching itself, the solar panel case that turns into home base ( not sure that's you guys decided with, the ideas were getting crazy at some point lol) and perhaps mention all the other uses beside selfish. We should blow the lid off this Kickstarter campaign. Let's reach 2M! @Stevens - oh well, I'll just have to keep adding it back. I guess as it is priced in dollars we are on different continents and so the comment will remain for a bit, anyway. @Creator - there have been several comments on here about whether you are going to develop a larger drone. Obviously you will do what you believe to be in your best commercial interests but, for what it is worth and in my opinion, you should stick with leveraging the nano platform. I know that it has some restrictions because of it's size, notably flight times and susceptibility to wind but, equally, it has some unique advantages, primarily the perception that it is far less threatening. As far as I can see you are a country mile ahead of anyone else in achieving quite remarkable capability out of something so small and you are very well placed to develop the whole genre of nano drone in all sorts of innovative ways (a number of which you and others have alluded to in these pages). It seems to me that you are the 'go to' guys at this level and I think it would be a shame to lose some of that edge by branching off in other directions. As I say, just my thoughts, but it does make me very proud that this is a British endeavour. Many thanks and keep up the good work. @Doug, on Indiegogo your comment can be deleted by the creator. Ha - I've just left a comment on the Indiegogo 'Zano' comments page saying that it is a scam and to come here (cost me a dollar, though :-( @Creator Hi Ivan I have sent an email to you at the address you mentioned a few days ago. I'm about to drop off grid for a couple of weeks so won't have access to the beta tester signup form. Email is marked FAO Ivan. Hope you get some relaxation over Christmas, and hope the pledges continue apace! All the best Simon @Stevens just shows you should not use indigogo.com.com This user's account has been deleted. Just to let you know, Zano is again back on Indiegogo. Can't believe that indiegogo accepts this scam! @Jean-Stefane Bergeron class 10 will be fast enough probably for 3 frames per second assuming photos are 3MB each. U3 could handle 10 frames per second at this size. I highly recommend getting cards with u ratings as they are considerably faster then the old class system and usually not that much more money. @Giuseppe yes they will make sdk available and I will be making an open source java library There was some talk earlier about making the camera manually tiltable. Is that still in the works? This user's account has been deleted. @Ivan: sent you another email regarding being a beta tester (additionally to my first email for the SDK). I know that you're all busy and not having time to read emails - just wanna make sure you'll not forget about me being a beta tester and SDK person because I'll almost not have internet and email for the next 4 weeks. Thanks a lot, merry christmas and a happy new year for all of you! @creator - all this talk about the microSD card has me thinking - if the camera is able to capture greater resolution than the wifi link can transfer, which is understandable, is there a way to build in a memory buffer to capture burst photos or video at the max resolution of the camera while the data is saved to the microSD card. I know ZANO space is at a premium so I don't know if it's possible but could this offer higher quality images to be saved. Or is a class 10 card enough? Exciting product! @creator burst mode will I be able to get faster speeds if I put on high end u3 card instead of slow class 10? @ Larry J. G.: Thanks for the reply! Ok, that's fine then. I'll answer the other half of my question, regarding interference... Since ZANO shall retourn to base in case of weak batterie or signal, my worries about signal strengh should be solved. lol! So far, so good! @ creator: one nice option for the "toss and launch" feature would be the fact to set altitude and distance before tossing. And that ZANO gets in position, the direction you toss it (behind, left of you, a.s.o.), with the alt. and distance you set before... @creator I look forward to seeing the dual heat/visual modal will the heat resolution be near that of the seek system? @Larry J. Geguzis yes I sleep between 2 and 6 hours a night. Hi @ creator, might be a cheeky question but do beta tester still wait till June or do they get to play with zanos earlier? @Marc M I can answer half of your question. Since different country's have different rule about how far away the zano can be, the firmware will use the gps to determine which set of rules it needs to follow. If it's in the US it'll follow the US rules, in the UK, it follows their rules etc. I don't think that anyone has addressed a visual indicator about signal strength (but with 1300 comments I may have missed it). @Ivan I just read your most recent update and I'm really impressed with the list of items/issues/abilities that your team has either already implemented or is in the process of implementing just since the beginning of this campaign. It speaks volumes about your team's dedication to fielding a machine that will continue to evolve and grow over time. I think a lot of developers who posted a campaign that exceeded its $ goal within 4 days would sit back smiling at their own achievement. Instead, in a mater of DAYS you've taken the suggestions from the backer community and either implemented them outright or are melding those suggestions into future updates. I'm sure that it doesn't hurt to have had an almost obscenely vocal backer community that plays off of each others ideas. "None of us is as smart as all of us" fits this group really well and I just wanted to say thanks for validating the group's input. @Mandarax & Peter M: Ivan recently mentioned that signups for Beta testers will start this upcoming week. Regarding the concern about being out of range of the internet, one of the MANY cool things about the zano is that one doesn't need to be in range of any particular signal other than your handheld device. It sets up its own link to that wifi signal to take instructions etc. I don't have one of those newfangled internet phones so I posted a question to Ivan and he assures me that just having a wifi device e.g. Ipad, Itouch, Kindle,etc is fine. Kinda incredible little machine! Lots of informative uodates in the comment section here...! Have an question, maybe suggestion? Would there be an display in the app which shows at which distance you can operate your ZANO, when it's in use? What I mean is, a display which shows and updates the distance, your signal strenght is reaching... So, you can figure out, if there is some interference which can affect the signal's strengh. And, you'd be informed if your ZANO exceeds the legal limit allowing you to limit manually then. Another use would be, to sent out your ZANO as far as possible; you can see how far this maximum can be, allowing you to plan your image framing withou having to try first how far you can go... Just an question, as said... @Ivan - as always, a really detailed, informative update - many thanks. Hi @Ivan. Thanks for the update - as usual very interesting and informative, particularly your reply to @Doug. You mentioned about including an SD card. I have my own which I use in my GoPro which are quite big (can't remember the exact size, it was the biggest I could afford at the time hah) Class10 ones which I guess would be perfect. Will I be able to use this in the Zano with the firmware? Also I'm sure you've covered this somewhere and I've missed it (and if so maybe one of the community can answer me); how and when can we sign up as Beta testers? As usual thanks again to everyone, creators and community for the ongoing brilliance of the project, its a pleasure to be a part of it! This user's account has been deleted. @Ivan, thank you.. Btw i sent you an email thru the flyzano.com regarding beta testing .. Also what will be the largest size micro sd i can use.. 32,64,128..? Thanks again @Ivan , i was rewatching the videos again and at one point you shook your zano to wake it up... Now my question and please forgive me if this has been asked and answered, if the zano is in its case and i have it in my bag will it keep waking up ? I ask cause im wondering will it use up the power in the battery? thus cutting its flight time down.. Just curious... And by the way.. Congratulations almost to a £1,000,000 Very exciting ..great job to you and the team. infos about legal situation in Austria: regulations depends on field of application per law flight models are named unmanned aircaraft vehicles when: they're used for profit, for non sports nore leisure purposes or they're non exclusively used for the purpose of flying (filming, cam with non pilots perspective). Austro Control declares that drones with cameras which can show a non pilots perspective are also unmanned aircrafts by law. 2 categories of UAVs exists: Category 1: with line of sight drone to pilot Category 2: with no line of sight drone to pilot Both are generally subjet to aproval: Category 1: depending of kind of application area (undeveloped, unsettled, settled, populous) different pilot reqwuirements do exist. Depending on the application area the Austro Control requests according education/training (technical safeguarding in case of decfects (like emergency landing devices, redundant control etc) A Model liability insurance is recommended because Personal liability insurance do not pay in case of damages Since 1.1.2014 the usage of UAVs is regulated by the "Luftfahrtgesetz": Devices below 250 Gramm, Devices below 79 Joule kinetic energy Mass X velocity squared div by 2 , Devices below 30m altitude are NOT covered by the aviation law and these devices are handled as toys devices above 79 Joule kinetic energy requests by law a liability insurance. devices above 25kg are subject to approval devices above 150kg are not regulated by national law, but they're regulated by European Law. devices are only allowed to fly 500m in distance to the pilot and with max 150m altitude sources: ORF: <url>£290 pledge titled "2 x FIRST EDITON WHITE ZANOs"and you'll receive "2 x First Edition Black ZANOs" Hi Is there any chance to get 4 carry cases? I had changed my pledge from family pack to early birds pledge to get the carry case. If it is possible, i will re-pledge with family pack again @BrewStorm that sucks. I think the creator will add some early bird new color version soon though kickstarter informed me that their system made a mistake and that I un-backed your project. Which sucks because I had a super early bird pledge. Anyone else experience this? I was informed last night. I have now re-backed the project but now I have lost my super early bird pledge. @Creator Expanding on my AEB suggestion to a general Autobracketing as there are multiple things which could apply there, beyond exposure (ie: flash, ISO, white-balance, colour-saturation, even dual bracketing for any two of the above, etc). @Matthew C I have a solution for that. Bigger battery. ;) And 4-blade variable pitch rotors. May need to introduce jet engines too, still working on the fuel cell location. (FYI, you mentioned you were in the 'Peg, I'm essentially at the 'Centre of the Universe' - note the tongue in cheek). Lol battery to small for rail gun @Matthew C Just thinking of FPV hide and seek using the camera + thermal sensor. A whole new entertainment industry could be born. Add rail guns and proton guns then your bad neighbours with their barking dog won't stand a chance. @Creator Might Auto Exposure Bracketing (AEB) be an option with 3-, 5-, 7-, 9-, 11-steps? @Brent yep endless possibilities. Can make countless replacement bodies with different camera mounts. @Matthew C @Creator or 2 cameras pointing in opposite directions. @Andreas Vogel definetly possible but would not be cheap. Dsp could imitate existing camera allowing 3rd parts to make. @creator an adapter board that allows 2 cameras to be attached and either overlayed or put side by side would be great. Same board could do 3d video and visual/thermal video Hey creators, I missed a day reading comment's there are so many to go thru that haven't found my last comment but this is all good for us the massive ideas etc. But now I a little confused to color's since I pledged for a black and camo limited zano's that if it comes out a glow in the dark one for night flying so question is if you change colors at the end you loose the unlimited edition case option correct? What skills are required to be a beta tester, as I have DJI phantoms and 3d Robotics iris+, I can fly them but not a programmer. Also at night late evenings flying I think it would be cool to have a landing light that you could turn on when you want to with your phone. I like the UFO effect at night, just another idea not sure if new or not idea. I think you'll hit the 1 million mark no problem and hope 2 million goal. @Ivan Thank you for answering my questions, that's great. Further to that, what about a 'burst' mode and/or a regular intervelometer? I understand a 10 minute runtime won't allow for a really long exposure photos, but it could still be useful. Thinking of fireworks, sunsets, etc. +1 Beta-testing! (Makes me want to get two Zanos to open up even more possibilities in testing) @Creators: I've been over to the Facebook site and each time there are people wanting too know how to buy a Zano. I've directed several here, but when I go back there are more. It might be a good idea to have a staffer there scoping out the flock. Many of their posts were not where one would expect them to be eg. the right place (g). Usually nested inside other remarks. @Matthew Cornelisse: absolutely, if that would be possible. But even the Seek Thermal alone on Zano would be really cool... Seek plus current camera would be great. Would need dsp to combine signals @Arnel Teh: I've proposed the Seek Thermal module to @Ivan several days ago and he told that he'll have a look.... and yes, that module seems to be awesome $208 for the FLIR LEPTON at; <url>£ cool..... <url>£1,000,000) in about 4 days time! Sadly stretch goal 4 (swarming) might be out of reach unless we can get a real surge going :-( Interesting to see what CES will pull in. I've already voted on having ' toss to launch' which I think is a great idea. I would also like to upvote the idea of having as set of 'toss to launch' preset parameters. This would give you the ability to capture a series of aerial images, panoramas etc without having to access your smartphone at all - Oh the simplicity of it all! Also, great idea to show current charge of the RGB display. I guess it can be easily done as a couple of vertical bars flashing a few times at the point that the Zano gets woken up ie at the point that the LEDS first flash green. @John - sounds good, got an idea for a video would need to get the toss to launch working on the prototype (guess you could simulate it, or pre program the moves for the advert, two guys reach the top of big hill / mountain, pull out a zano and toss it over the edge, shot of it hovering doing a 360 and close with the pano of the guys on the top taken from over the edge (kinda like the cliff dive in the original video) Past 900,000 now - well done! C'mon everyone you know you want swarming - only 10% more pledging required! Congratulations on the success of the project, almost 900,000 (and counting). May I suggest a slight change in marketing tactics? Every site that's covered Zano has focused on the "selfie" ability. I can't speak for others, but personally, that's the last thing I'd be using mine for, and as such, some people who find the idea of a drone appealing but who abhor the "selfie" might be put off because of the focus so far. Perhaps some more publicity about general/landscape photography from a different perspective, or publicity around some of the new features that have come about as a result of the comments (toss to launch springs to mind). Anything you can do to broaden the appeal can only be a good thing :-) @Creator I was thinking, I've been following the feed of questions here and I don't think this ones arised yet! Will the Zano be able to follow you, and then circle you, whilst always having the lens turned towards you? Let's say it circles you and then returns to the follow-me mode? I can't believe how far this project has come in such a short time span! I'm so glad that you guys are the ones doing it and that you're keeping up with the community! I'm truly thankful and as this is my first kickstarted back, I have to say that I think I made one hell of a choice in backing! :) thank you, Ivan! @Grant Sorry missed your comment about using RGB display so am agreeing with you, since the leds are being used to indicate GPS lock status in terms of readiness to fly. I worry that explaining all of this gets a bit complicated so harder for users to get... Throw into the air launching has my vote. Regarding the FLIR LEPTON adapter socket, any chances it could be an add on as a socket only, for those of us who already have the LEPTON camera? With regard to the 2 photos; I agree that ...59.PNG contains greater detail and is probably the original photo. ...58.PNG I think has had an optical noise reduction filter applied to it and so has lost micro detail, although to me, ...58.PNG does look the better of the two images when viewed at the macro scale (looking at the pictures as a whole). @Creator Thanks Ivan. I guess that is fine. I think it might be useful then to use the RGB display (when plugged in) to show whether the selected launch action will succeed when you throw your Zano? Not sure how best to display that though (and in conjunction with basic battery level). Personally for the general case I'd prefer to know how much estimated flying time I have available as opposed to level of battery charge, since thats the calculation I'd be making in my head in any case... but maybe that's not really possible given flying conditions vary. @Creator - battery level RGB sounds good to me, thanks Slight refinement to throw-LED. As Matthew has suggested allow on launch actions/apps to be selected. The LED is then only green if there is sufficient battery for the selected launch action. A pano might require 1 minute of flight. Another action might require substantially more. @Simon - sounds good to me, we could maybe use the rgb display, assuming there must be a power button on the zano somewhere, maybe just have it initially show a battery level 1-10 every time the device is turned on, would be useful for other things too I think the throw to launch is a good idea and easy height specific panoramas would be a great selling point. Why not have a "launch led" on the device that's green if it has enough battery indicating its safe to do it, red if not enough battery, and if no battery left/connected it'll be off. You only need to power this led when zano is not flying, so it wouldn't be a battery hog, plus you only need to turn it on when zano detects with its accelerometers it has been picked up. So pattern is you pick Zano up wait for the led to go green then throw it. No green led then don't throw your zano! Hey guys, loving the throwable idea, appreciate the risks with battery power etc and it should be something you opt into on the software at your own risk...that being said, would love it if you could throw this, use the barometer or other sensor to detect the maximum height, once found return to this height and take a 360 pano photo, the higher you want the pano taken the higher you throw the zano @Jose Rodriguez thanks. The trouble with redesigning something is some times you keep finding better ways to do things. I think I may be able to offer a USB compatible version :) will find out for sure when I get the prototypes. oh and to get pound sign hold alt and type 156 on your number pad @Matthew C. You're very welcome.. I'm in no rush on my end.. Please let us know when you get your kickstarter up and running .I'm sure most of the zano community would be happy to make It a success.. I wish you the best.. @Brent I am in Winnipeg. 1) depends on your device. probably 20m-30m 2) the camera can do 60fps 3) gps based photo taking is definitely possible and I have writen an algorithm already to do this 4) swarming will definitely happen Love this and so very excited to expose my young children to this amazing tech (along with 3D printers). I bought a nano drone to learn to fly a quadcopter, with the thought of eventually graduating to a full-sized drone with a camera (possible FPV racing sounds awesome). Then I came across your beautiful project, I was fortunate enough to pick up a 139($) pledge (sorry, I'm in Canada and don't know how to get the pound sign). I scanned through the comments and wasn't able to confirm: 1) The estimated range between Zano and transmitter/iOS/Android device (without range extender). I was thinking of city night shots and higher the better. 2) FPS in the 240 neighbourhood for slo-mo video. 3) Intervelometer combined with flightpath, so you could coordinate snapshots with movement of the Zano. Instead of taking a photo ever 'x' seconds, taking a photo every 'x' distance, etc. 4) Swarm, linking numerous Zano's to simultaneously take 'group intervelometer' photos (or videos). Think of The Matrix 'Bullettime'. Using GPS coordinates to target your subject as well. Very powerful. That's all for now. I've already already mentioned Zano to a few friends (real estate agent and a roofer for doing estimates). CHEERS! Will the FLIR camera be simple enough to swap in and out? @Jose Rodriguez yes thanks. All ultra early birds now taken. 8 paid for. Thank you everyone. I am burning the midnight oil trying to rebuild the board with the new parts. My lead time is 2 weeks so I am rapidly running out of time to try to get both kickstarters running at the same time. @Matthew C. did you get that ok? Having fun with the photo. It was taken here: <url>"Tourista box" issues away and shouts 22rd century. After careful examination I am 99% sure these are the same photo and 1 of the 2 has been modified. there is considerably more detail in ...59.png I believe .58 has been post processed to reduce noise but as a result has also lost a fair bit of the texture of the trees making them look fake. Also by the rock there is a poll with a sign on it. I can clearly tell in 59.png that there is writing on it. in 58.png it just looks like a smudge. If printing I think it would make no difference but 59.png is definetly more detailed. By the way there are losless video codecs that can do pretty good compression. check out MJPEG. works by comparing frames and only recording changes between the frames. I have often gotten 10 to 1 compression with it. Bumblebee would look sweet... I can't see a difference on either photos looking on a Samsung S4... Can I get the new color sets? I love the red one and I pledged already. @Sheri. Ivan said this in an earlier reply "Regarding the new colour and what it costs. If the colour is easier for us to produce than the camo-Zano then it will be cheaper than the camo-Zano. We always try and price fairly". Hopefully that will answer your question. @Robert. I believe that all of the Zanos will have the same 5mp camera but alternatives will be available to be purchased at a later date. I'm not a %100 if that's right though. Will the FLIR camera be available with the Zano, with an additional cost, or later in post production as a secondary release? Apologies if this has been asked and I missed the answer. Oh I just wanted to ask if the new color will cost more like the camo one or we could just switch the one we picked Hey @Ivan I've a suspicion the commonly thought to be first 'sharper' picture has been washed through your HPC image processing routine / engine.....? I could be way off track of course but it would be an ingenius way to counter any negative opinions and concerns about 'poor' image quality :op @Bosco Jacinto that would be great. Especially if it could take multiple rows of pics and then piece into a 360x360 panorama. Can't see any difference in those two pics As a "thank you" to those of us who have supported your Kickstarter and helped fund the project, can you supply a discount code for the hardware upgrades that you will be offering on your website? You know, a little discount on what the rest of the general public will pay. Great work, hope you reach 2MM. @Bosco That's a great elaboration. Throw it up and it catches and hovers. Rotates 360 degrees taking a photo every 10 (or 20, 50 whatever - this could be adjustable) then return to user. Perfect! Nice idea Matthew if the user through the app could set the mode to "selfie mode" and then just toss the zano at a particular distance and height the zano could just catch itself and hover at roughly the same height and do a revolve 360 take a few photos and then hover back to.the user at one hand distance. This would really make selfie hassle free and quick no need of taking the phone out to set the mode it would remember it once set. Also this would save battery life imagine going on a hike finding a beautiful spot throw ur zano turn while the zano turns get zano back in ur hand automatically and move one ..no adjustments nothing just throw however far you want. There's a wearable nano drone called nixie that does this. @Ivan - thanks for the clarification of 'Frosted Opaque'. However I think I would prefer to have that as and addition to my white Zano rather than as an alternative so I'll wait until one becomes available as an added purchase. But ... the bumblebee option sounds REALLY cool - any chance of showing a rendering of that? I think, though, that that would have my vote +1 for toss launch @Sheri E Stefano Bellelli you can change your black or white to camo it just costs more You can switch your black or white to cam it just costs more @Matthew great ideas for different options for 'toss launch'! Hey guys, About a new color for zano. Will we be allowed to switch our black or white zano to the new color or is it going to be like the camo? I really like the toss to activate option. Forgetting to charge problem would be minimal if it auto charges when in he case. Could be cool if you could set the action to take when tossed. 1) hover where ever it catches itself 2) come back to owner and hover 1m off ground and 1m from phone 3) execute some preprogrammed acrobatic routine 4) start flying around takin pictures in direction of cell 5) start flying around taking pictures of things within x meter radius. Or maybe just launch app after catch and let any number of apps be developed. Hello. So, I've picked my reward and I'm excitedly watching the page for new updates and to see how well you're doing. I've been looking at a getting a drone for some time. Browsing thru the various ideas on Kickstarter yours jumped out as an interesting and fun idea. It's made even better that I'm backing a UK based project. Anyway, I just wanted to congratulate you on smashing your goal, well done. And ask one question, how well will Zano fly in free flight mode? I love all the amazing abilities you are giving to Zano, and you have documented them so well. I'm looking forward to experimenting with all of them. I'd just like some more information on flying Zano myself. Thank you. Chaps, just a request not to leave us WindowsPhone users too far behind Android and IOS at launch please :-) Hey @Ivan, @Ben; Its definitely a feature I'm keen for, think it would just look so slick being able to toss it into the air and away you go. There is a part of me that does kind of think if you were silly enough to throw it off a balcony without a battery in you kind of deserve it... :P But think Ben's idea is a perfect solution, as we all have the 12 months of free downloads have it as an option. (Although this would maybe be unfair on people without the 12 months free, but sure there is some work around) Hey Ivan, I personally would like the feature but maybe you should ship Zano with this feature disabled and allow people if they wish to download the feature from your App Store and therefore accept the risk of forgetting to charge it etc. I think/hope that the idea with the opaque shell is that it would diffuse the LED lights so that they become less intense but with more 'area'. I imagine them as a series of fireflies buzzing about in the night sky. Literally no difference to these old eyes between pic #1 or #2. @Doug Yeah exactly, especially for night maneuvers! Although from the most recent "Making of" video the lights are very visible (although understand that is a prototype) @Peter Mulholland - I'm sort of guessing along the same lines. I really like the Blade 200QX which has an opaque shell through which the LEDs glow. It would be really cool if Zano could achieve the same effect. @Phil given your "matchmaking" idea maybe we should be voting for the pink Zano... To be fair Phil I actually quite like the idea of being able to casually toss Zano into the air to start it up. Be great if it could react quick enough. @Phil love the idea of throw launch, that's something I'd thought of as well. @Doug At a guess I'd say Frosted Opaque is like a non coloured translucent, so a slightly see through to allow the LEDs to shine through. Would guess clear/not coloured with frosting in - kind of like a bathroom window? And would assume glow in the dark would be the standard off white/slightly greenish? Thats just guessing though Quick idea for zano gaming: Matchmaking - have an option set yourself available for gaming - someone else with a zano can then offer an invite ping via it's zano-to-zano radio, and yours could respond or not as per your settings, and flash a message on your mobile device while you use it for photos or video. this could work without being in sight of the other player, and give a general direction or gps location of your new gaming partner depending on the game. Hi, Couple of Ideas, one practical - the other fun. 1: GPS startup - you mentioned that if the zano has to pull gps info from a cold start, it can take 30 seconds or so - could you cut even this out by using the gps data from your mobile device as a baseline? 2: throw launch any chance of an option where we can just casually toss the zano into the the air and it starts up and catches itself, rather than having to launch from a flat surface (even if it is just your hand)? What is the difference between 'frosted opaque' and 'glow in the dark' I'd say the first is a little sharper but that's after much staring... However I don't think there is a real discernible difference, which I feel may be the point? Did a side by side comparison on my 32 monitor at work. Pic 1 has sharper detail in the grass field without question. The detail on the stone in pic 1 is also clearer. Color saturation is a little deeper in pic 2 but not much. I would prefer camera with pic 1. Voting for a new limited edition color with just text representations is not an easy task... suggest to add pictures or 3-D Rendered images representing each. First photo seems slightly sharper. :) @creator. 10 million may be ambitious but give a goal people really want and they will try to talk there friends into it. If each person here could talk a few friends in. Possibly using fun battle games to push it is possible. On my screen the first one has more detail, no doubt. The trees are much sharper in the second one, but the grass seems a bit sharper in the first one. As for which one is better, if viewed at full size I'd say the second one. When zoomed out to fit the screen I'd say the first one, though the difference is minimal and probably depends on the zoom method. The first one is slightly sharper. I would say the first picture looks slightly sharper, though the second one actually has the higher pixel resolution. The first one is digitally sharpened. Both are a bit under exposed, but it's easier to push the exposure in post (given sufficient bit depth to avoid sampling issues) than to darken an over exposed and white clipped picture. if I quickly switch between the photos, the first one looks a tiny bit sharper than the second one. Small difference, but noticeable. The two photos look exactly the same to me. @Creator Hi Ivan, thanks for your feedback as always. I can't see any discernible difference in the two photos! This user's account has been deleted. I can't see any discernible difference between the 2, even when expanded to full size. I suppose that if I had to select one as being better then I would opt for the first one but both are very good. First picture is the better in my view (Photo 19-12-2014 13 21 58.png) @Giuseppe - I second what Andreas Vogel has said. Your English is fine, far, far better than my (insert your language here). The point at issue is the quality of the end video/photos and whilst 5mp might leave a bit to be desired if you want to do aggressive cropping, for the sort of activity that the Zano is being proposed for it really will be fine. Obviously there is a trade-off between the weight, size and power of a camera and the image that it can produce. The developers are well aware of what's available and what's achievable within the constraints of what the Zano is capable of managing. Leave it to them to come up with the best solution and, anyway, as others have said, the camera is modular and so can be replaced if you really need to. <url>"more MP = better pictures" doesn't hold. Another issue is price, availability, power consumption, weight, dimension, etc. I agree, of course OIS could be a great for image stabilisation. Anyway, Ivan addressed this issue several times and told that he and his team will try to find the best possible solution for the standard camera and are planning to develop and offer "better" or specialized (e.g. infrared) cameras in the future and replacing will be quite easy. This user's account has been deleted. @Leon H I believe the ultra early birds are taken now. Though not all have paid so a few may open. Hopefully a lot of people want it. Because of the cost of molds my minimum order is probably going to be about 300 units. The new chip is very friendly to hand assembly so I may be able to lower that number by assembling the boards myself instead of out sourcing it. Lets not get distracted by camera size, power etc As easy as it is to get carried away, lets keep everything in perspective and remeber that this is a fun, toy that just happens to have military grade tech onboard :-) @Matthew Cornelisse I like the sketch-up of the Hexacharger, and the name. Still undecided if I will need one or not but may drop you a message at some point over the next couple of days if i decide it is actually a 'must have'. Hi @William and welcome - great to have you on board. As far as I'm aware if another colour is released before the deadline then you can increase your pledge to cover that (if it is a higher cost). After the deadline they will be sending out a survey to everyone who has backed on which you will be able to order and pay for extra propellers, batteries etc if you require them. It is my understanding that once Zano is released you will be able to buy alternate coloured housings (of which I feel there may be a lot!), as well as batteries, propellers and any other spare parts/upgrades that you want from the website. Hope that helps! Hi, just became a supporter getting the Camo. I have been following for a while and excited to be on board. Read the future color options and was wondering if their will be a way to purchase different color housing and/ or propellers. Just on idea? By my (rough maths) calculation more than 5000 Zanos have been pledged for. Well done team Torquing - we all benefit In regards to 5MP camera or better. Youtube will except 4k Video which is 8.3MP. My cell phone screen is 1080 x 1920 (2MP) So no it is not necessary to have bigger. And they have said they will only do better if they can get in budget. I am curious how many zanos does it take to make cheap enough to get a 4K compatible camera? As for physics. In good lighting a pinhole camera can give 1GP picture. In bad lighting you need a large aperture which can't be done on zano. @Will Hodgson Thank you. @Hexacharger backers - I found out today that one of my main components is now back ordered 20 weeks. Since no one is willing to wait that long I will be spending the weekend modifying the charger to use a different part. The final case will probably be a little wider as the new part I found that will do the job just as well as the old is 3 mm wider. @Dom. It is a multi charger that Matthew Cornelisse is making. He has mentioned it in a few earlier comments. <url>"Zano is for fun" philosophy. (Another reason why some degree of "free flight" and all the propeller-reversing tricks you could possibly think of are a great idea! :)) @creator: On a bit more serious note - I understand all the talk about charging the Zano in the case. But honestly I would have thought about making it possible to charge the extra battery (or batteries) first. So while you are flying (and having fun) the extra battery is getting charged (in the case). Will that be possible. (My 2^0th comment! :-P Just backed yesterday.) Hi all, as has been mentioned in the comment stream before Zano is being designed to be a small, affordable mini drone. To meet those requirements the team has done an excellent job in sourcing the most appropriate components. However they have also mentioned that they are still looking. The original camera was much smaller, and has already been upgraded once, and the guys have mentioned they have a possibility of another camera. The USP of the Zano is its size and price, the fact that the low weight means it avoids most UAV laws is excellent, and adding in better cameras etc will start to affect that. I think we should all appreciate the superb job the guys are doing here, and realise how amazing these drones are compared to similar offerings on the market. If you want 10MP+ cameras you need to be looking at a much larger, professional drone (Phantom, Ghost etc) and remember what the Zano is intended for. Personally, and I'm sure the other regular contributors will agree, I think the Zano is an amazing achievement, is perfect for what I want it for, and the fact it will be upgradeable (soft and hard) is fantastic. Well done and thank you to the team! Yes i agree with Doug Conran 5mp camera is more than enough...anyway your footage or pictures always end up on Facebook or Youtube where your files will be compressed...for me i'm more than happy with Zano now. I think those calling for a 10mp+ camera are being a bit stupid. Think about what the Zano is for. It is not a professional video photographer's aerial platform. If you need that then spend (at least) £3000 on a dji spreading wings with all its bulk and flying restrictions. The Zano is for fun and for recording the moment and 5mp is more than adequate for that. After all 90% or more of the footage will end up on youtube where it will have been downgraded anyway. I use a 2mp hubsan camera at the moment and the Zabo is going to be way better than that (even before any post processing). Think about what you want it for! Its all in the quality of the lens and processor, More mega pixels just means bigger printable pictures More megapixels does NOT mean a better camera. For more info visit: <url>#1 on. Very early, the camera was significantly smaller than the one currently proposed. The backers uniformly pressed for a larger pixel count and the Creators have adjusted it upwards to the current point. It was a comment that led to the idea of an interchangeable setting so that the prosumers could buy a larger camera if their needs dictated that. The Creators have consistently held to the idea that they want ALL the components be top shelf and that they wouldn't jeopardize the overall quality and function of the drone. This is not a situation where they start off cheap and then milk you for better quality. They are starting out with quality *that won't hamper the platform*. Everything (including their daily chats about EVERY comment) points to a crew that really wants to field the best possible machine. Actually, I think that what the zano does is pretty remarkable. If you want a cadillac camera, just spend a few hundred more and buy a big, heavy lifting machine. Just my two cents. If the Zano carry case could be use as a landing pad, would it be possible to explore making it a wifi booster antenna dish for boosting the reception for the controller. @Roger Maki there will be some updates to zano indefinitely for safety reasons ect. If they develop a really cool new ability you will have to pay for that to get it after the first year. @hexacharger backers. thank you 9 of 10 ultra early birds called for and 5 already paid. thank you again so much. Oh, I forgot to ask you or I missed reading, are the Zano's we pledged on always be current with any new ones later on after our free year updates? As I'm getting 2 of them and really hate to be obsolete fast. Red is really a good looking Zano! Being able to battle against each other as some suggestions sounds like fun besides picture ability which I really want plus your features. Hi, I'm a little confused as I and others posted comments on the New Red Zano gallery page and I don't see them reference on this comment page, are they 2 different areas of comments now? The choice of pro quadcopter is not mamy , i think creater should consider this potential market I think creater should consider to build a big brother of zano ( zano PRO?) later after the issue the zano. I think zano keep in small and potablr size is ok , for more pro oriented drone , i think a bigger (a littlr bit), more function pro drone will be very welcome to most of the photog/cam-man. Can the Creator of Zano upgrade the camera to more than 10 MegaPixels? Please consider this, if the Zano is so outstanding and one of its kind, the camera must be as good as the drone. I would wish that all backers of this project can agree on this. Cheers! For as well as this project has done I would hope the creators would put a better camera in at launch....at least for us backers. I love the project and can't wait to get my zano but am disappointed that the first thing I am going to have to do is swap out the cameras. How about a stretch goal. 10 million pounds and we get a 10+MP camera This user's account has been deleted. @Doug/@Will perhaps a black smoke trail for a "shot down" Zano along with appropriate crashing sound effects from its speaker :) This isn't just a project on kickstarters...the creators and backers are making this an actual thing. I can see zano going world wide...for plenty of uses. With zanos being upgraded as the company grows. Zanos with thermal cameras, zanos with solar cells which don't even require battery to be in use while in sun, etc. Really excited to get my zano. Props to everyone pitching in to this new trend. The more I think about it the more I like the idea of 2 Zanos fighting it out within a geo-defined arena mano a mano (or maybe Zano a Zano!). It should be very easy to implement using directional sensors (what is their range?) as all you would need to do is detect that there is an object within range when the fire button is pressed. Good for the launch party eh? @Anakin It seems to me that Zano is really a modular drone platform, quite a lot of it can be swapped out and upgraded post launch including the camera - which is cool! @Anakin they chose the 5mp for cost and emf noise robustness. They will be putting out adapter to make his upgradable. @Bosco Jacinto - have a look at StarStax, a program for merging photographs intended for making star trail pictures. If you mount your camera on a tripod and shoot a sequence of photographs intervals to match the character changes on the Zano that should work pretty well. The program is freeware... <url>"lock" other ones QR-code of Zano he will be winner:) by the way will you put the MOLLE system or some system can connect other package with the carry case in future? I think let the case can connect other package that would be good solution for how to more easy to carry the case of Zano and you don't have to sacrifice space of your package:) @Larry Separate units? I was thinking more of a Zano that you could fly around then dive into the water for a swim... Possibly a little far fetched, but I can dream... One day... @Peter M: hmmmm miniature submarines that have the same capabilities as the zano (only submerged). (hee hee) could be a ton of fun, unless the fish thought that they were edible. Oh well. ;_) To everyone here, this is one of the best Kickstarters I have ever backed. The community of backers and creators constantly bouncing ideas off of each other is so encouraging. I am sorry I cannot offer my own technical ideas but I am not so savvy with them. But everything I have read from other backers are amazing ideas. Just wanted to drop in and say how awesome I think the Zano community is and will be in the future. Other projects on here leave a lot of backers wondering. The Zano team is the exact opposite of that. Open with all aspects and ideas, minus IP and the such of course. Thanks everyone for showing me that Kickstarter can be a great place to grow a community with the same goals in mind, a great product. Ok ok @Larry - safety goggles for everyone! Even though my primary interest for the Zano is the photo and video capability (I'm a freestyle skier [and a scuba diver, not sure there's any use for that though, unless, submarine conversion kit...]) I'd definitely be interested in using it for some games etc! @Andreas and Peter M Yes, it's all fun and games, until someone puts an eye out! (lol) just kidding. Maybe we could put RFID's or even just color-coded stickers to be the "target zone". RFid could even keep score. @Andreas Yes thats awesome! Definitely like the idea of using the LEDs to signify 'hits'. Possibly in the app you could set up game 'rules' such as the restricting the play area, having to get a certain number of 'hits' before a kill (LEDs flash after each hit, then Zano returns to base at 'kill'). What about different game modes? Use multiple Zano's for team based 'battles' Capture the flag style, where the flag is designated by a specific co-ordinates (maybe could use an IR beam you have to fly over, or just simply designate an area) which a Zano has to fly over then return to base without being 'shot'. 'Tag' style game where you have to get within a certain distance of another Zano to 'tag' it (and the coloured lights denote which Zano is currently 'it') 'Flame/virus tag' where once you're 'it' you stay 'it' so its last Zano alive wins (I was always a fan of this on Timesplitters 2 on PS2) Hide & Seek mode - one Zano (designated by different colour LEDs) has to stay hidden (but can move hiding place) while others search for it So many possibilities! Can't wait! I might have to get trained as a developer.... @Andreas Vogel I love that idea @Ivan and others: Together with my son we were thinking about the possibilities to use Zanos for games. No, I'll not ask if it would be possible to arm them with some kind of air to air missiles... ))) But we had an idea: let's assume you're targeting another Zano with an app using the live video on your mobile device by a crosshair and then pressing a fire button to shoot it symbolically. If there is a hit the originating Zano could signal the target Zano the hit. The target Zano will indicate the shot with the LEDs, makes noise or will even send back to base (or whatever ;-)). The video image processing determining a hit needs to be done on the mobile device I guess. Anyway, to keep the processing time minimal it would be very helpful if there would be something unique in the image of a Zano which can be identified easily. A detectable infrared beam, a special pattern attached to the body or some kind of signal. Hope I was able to make the point clear. Any thoughts about this? Any other ideas for games? Games could even widen the potential market and could boost selling family packs.... ;-) Most excellent. @Larry J. Geguzis yes thanks. @Matthew Cornelisse I hope the gmail acct was your paypal acct. I just sent $ there. LMK @Gizmo thanks. I think there is 2 ultra early birds left will have to go through and check to be sure. @Simon Rishton there is a range finder on top. So you can reverse the motors and fly upside down, and you have... a very small lawnmower! Pity the sonar altimeter is now pointing at the sky. Mathew, As per our recent emails please reserve a charger for me. Many Thanks Dale(Gizmo) UK I think it would be too small for customs to notice/care Only issue would be travelling with lithium ion batteries especially spares...... I think you have to carry them as hand luggage if they are not installed within the device. Not sure if this questions already made it's way out there - so apologies in advance if it has. Curious if there will be able to get any information around how easy/hard it'd be to travel with one of these when entering different countries and if customs would give you a hard time. Or maybe I'm overthinking this and AVs are more common these days so no one would think twice? I think you should tease the idea of ZanoWear when you exhibit at CES. Create a real buzz about the Zano, not that there isn't a buzz already! Could we pick up our Zano from the launch 'party'? (you guys save on P&P then) Cardiff? Presumably you guys are based in West Wales because of the West Wales UAV Centre? How will many (10 to 50) Zano's flying in the same room pan out 1) extreme collision avoidance test! 2) noise! 3) will there be enough room on the 2.4ghz spectrum! There is only one way to find out! Maybe another spare set of props for people picking up at the party for the likely collision damage! @Ben, @Matthew,@Bosco, There was a kickstarter campaign which was similar to the Google carboard, see the link below. <url>") this week: <url>"spare" carbon fibre through my work so I might be able to make my own. @Paul Jaenke - I like your idea of on screen co-ordinates etc. @Creator - does the Zano log all GPS and action logs, im just thinking that it would be nice after a run to download to a pc and be able to view on a map the route it took, where it took pictures videos etc but also also to be able to see data like GPS Co-Ordinates, Speed, Altitude, motor demand etc. like a data logger. This maybe especially useful in the beta phase. Sorry Japanese FCC mark is below: certification of conformance to technical standards <url>（Japanese FCC). Maybe EU has other system too... RED! YES PLEASE! @Ulrich Veh: your wright zano wouldnt be able to hover in one place while having a non zero pitch angle it would definitely need the motors to have a free angle with the frame inspite of reversible motors to have upward thrust (like vertical take off airplanes). Heres one quadcopter i found online that has variable motor axis andit can perform cool aerobatic stuff. <url>"watch drone" , Some messages or sounds could be , a Dark barking , an Alarm sound , Or " You are surrounded , Don't Move", " Intruder Alert " etc ... . Imagine having a few drones swarm , some body and warning to get of your property. @Larry J. Geguzis $50 unless I sell over 1000 that is actually below cost. My thank you to the people helping me get the necessary prototypes to do a kickstarter campaign. @Doug Conran I live in Canada and am working long hours this week at my day job so it will probably be about 5-7 hours before I can post a Web site for this charger. Hope it is worth the wait. And hopefully a relatively large percentage of the currently 4709 backers want one. I started designing it because 15 min is not long enough but 2 of these chargers would let me keep 12 batteries fully charged for 3h of fun. @Anthony at this scale I don't think carbon fiber would be smaller. There is almost no strength required in the Shell so I presume the plastic will be pretty thin. @TorquingGroup - Considering we already have GPS on Zano are we able to get some simple telemetry to our phones screen as maybe an OSD that you can toggle on/off. Showing GPS Co-Ordinates, Speed, Altitude and Battery Level of the Drone? @Creator. That red looks great. @Matthew Cornelisse. I would be interested in the charger as well. @Anthony, I think personally Carbon Fibre does look great, but the cost vs benefit would be extreme. You need very powerful equipment to handle and manipulate the material. I have seen some projects on kickstarter which are based solely on carbon fibre successfully fund and then later on failed ultimately because of the nature of the material and lack of funds. Impressive material though! @Ivan. Great video. I don't know much about the technical side, but it's easy to see that ZANO is going to blow any competition out of the sky!! The red ZANO is great. Thank you. A carbon fiber Zano would be lighter and stronger. Carbon Fiber propellers also will reduce flight vibration. Lighter means longer time in the air also :) It however is not a cheap material... @Matthew Cornelisse - didn't realise you lived in Scotland (lol). Also, still waiting for link to your charger. (I live in England am about to go off to bed) Sorry if it's been already asked but I did not find anything in the project description / updates. Have you considered to bring recharging contacts on Zano's pods, so it could land on a charging station and you don't have to plug it in every time? I mean, vacuum robots already do this :) Watching part 3 I had a thought. If a motor fails on the current crop of quadcopters they will fall out of the sky - full stop. With the Zano, if it detects a motor failure would it be possible for it to stop the diagonally opposite motor and switch the 2 remaining motors to spin in opposite directions, ie essentially becoming a duocopter. At the very least that should enable a controlled crash but would probably allow the Zano to be flown back to its base. Sorry I found it. AKK! Where is the video? Matthew re the charger, to get in on it, you need 50......Dollars, Pounds, Euros? Thanks Great video! Amazing frame where Zano is balancing on two fingers! Hi Ivan, Thank you for sharing that rendering, I agree with your comment, it looks truly awesome! You have definitely got the right shade of red. I will be putting my vote on that one and hoping it comes out on top in the poll! Also thank you for sharing the page i have dedicated to Zano on my website. I hope people find some useful answers on there and I will carry on updating it. Great update and a very interesting watch with your latest video! That Red - amazing @Creator Thanks Ivan, that kind of distance for swarmers to communicate with each other (100m+) would be fine. All the best, Simon @creator glad I could make you smile. Actually it us a beautiful day to work outside. It may be -11 but the sun is up and there is no wind. Monday it was -17 a howling wind, and over cast so much it looked dark out all day and it snowed. Working outside and -11 so I will have an ice evening It would be useful to include a morse code program into the app, with quick links to well know signs like SOS. I can imagine the Zano being very useful at flying to a given altitude and broadcasting an emergency light display for distressed mountaineers/ walkers etc when there is no mobile signals within said area. No Zano Part 3!!! I'll have to carry on with decorating instead! @Matthew Cornelisse - ha ha, I've been called much worse than that - I love dogs Sorry doug auto correct changed to dog Dog I anownsed my charger in comments No link yet. Will put stuff up tonight. @Matthew Cornelisse - Am I missing something? o you have a link to your project, or how can I find it? Quick look through G,I,M only ones not backwards compatible. Will enquire about those. Type C, E or F would work :) <url>"landing pad". Once you take the Zano out of the case, close the case, and now the case becomes a "landing pad". Make some indentations on the case where the Zano Legs will touch. Once the Zano takes off, you can strap the case over your shoulder, with the included shoulder strap (Sometimes the case needs to come along). Just a thought. Been checking out the UK CAA regulations in detail, and as far as I can tell, until and unless an exemption is made for very small drones - hopefully one is on the cards after that BBC article, you require 'a permission' (not a licence) for using it within 50m of any vehicle or structure not within your control, or 30m of any person not within your control. This applies even if you are not flying on a commercial basis, because it it capable of surveillance. An official permission would cost £113 initially, with an annual renewal charge of £57, and currently require a qualification to assess operator competence. So, specifically, we'd want to talk to the CAA about exemptions for size, if you want to use it in a public area (i'm sure they won't care about using it in your back garden as long as you're not peering at the neighbours) and if the size exemption doesn't happen, see if we can get an exemption for the operator qualification due to Zano's being tasked, not piloted. References: do we require permission?: <url>"rolling spider" drone. The battery will be killed if it was charged by high voltage (or high current) USB device (other than a computer USB). Hope your battery is more flexible in this aspect. @Ivan I might, although it depends on what exactly you are expecting and how much time/work is required. :) @Rudy Gnodde The Zano actually is not defined as a drone in Dutch law, unless used in practice of a profession or company. According to Dutch law the Zano is a model aircraft. There arent to many laws about it (except laws about endangering people etc.). You will find that most rules are written down in local laws, applying only to certain area's/towns, which means rules can be different everywhere you go in the Netherlands. Legislators are actually running behind on this subject so we will probably see some changes within the next few years or so. Perhaps European laws. Thanks guys. For indoor use I'm not overly bothered about the GPS connection at all. Just would like to be able to still use and control it like a standard remote controlled drone. Looking forward to seeing in flight videos and some more of the Zano flying. @Eirikur I remember reading somewhere the display (which I think is basically a 8x8 RGB LED array) could also double as flash for photos or lighting for videos. So I'm assuming it's pretty bright already. @Eirikur yes can be done Sounds great Ivan can't wait to see the red rendering. I'm not sure if this question has come up. Could there be an add-on to switch the display board out for a LED flashlight board so the Zano could act like a flying flashlight? or is this too power hungry? @Leon figured out where I know that cat. Parallax MCTrivia @creator +1for new stretch goals I like the idea of the range extender, but also an extra top, bottom and plastic feet in frosted clear (your idea) would be very cool ;-). Other suggestions: Extra props and batteries and it would be awesome if you could release a new gadget for Zano with a fair price. @Creator Why don't you put a microusb connector on the Limited Edition Carry Case, so one could recharge the zano unit without opening the case? @Ivan Do you happen to know the regulations regarding drones in The Netherlands? As far as I can tell anything that flies, is unmanned and below 25 kg has the same rules: not above people, not above traffic, not above build up areas, not at night, keep in sight, max 300 meter high, not near airports. Can you confirm this or are there special rules for very light drones? @Doug of course, I've stupidly assumed that I've been talking to only UK based people, after the original links about this ending .co.uk - maybe we should explicitly mention the country whenever we comment about anything legal here :) @Doug We'll have to hope that that BBC article that says they're thinking of putting a lower limit for these terms to apply is generous (I can't find anything specifically mentioning 50g, so I can hope for more - 100g would give us a good margin!) @Grant/@Creator - like the idea of Zano being boxed aware and not wasting its battery when in "standby" - I'll second that. @Grant/@Creator - also I would like to have both the range extender and the pontoons for water landings - both get my vote for stretch goal although range extender is preference of the two. Weight wise, would inflatable pontoons be better or just too cumbersome? @Tom - as others have mentioned Zano can fly indoors. Upped my pledge to 1 white and 1 black with case etc. Great little quad packed full of features. Will make a great addition to my 250 racers, fpv quads and camera platforms! Roll on June. Oh and + for more stretch goals if possible, without putting too much strain on production, for a June release! @Grant Baxter there is no reason a gps lock can't be achieved through a thin carrying case. @Tom Mayor accelerameter, magnometer(compass) and gyroscope would be used to compute location since last gps lock. +1 for the extra strech goal with the props and everything :) @Phil, I think you are right :-( I came to my conclusion because some time ago I read somewhere about drones up to 7kg weight excluding battery (I can't remember where this was but it wasn't a CAA web page) and then on later reading the CAA page about '... less fuel' I just assumed that that, also, meant less battery. Guess I was wrong - however it looks as though the developers are aware of the situation and, hopefully, have it in hand. The bottom line in all of this, though, is that something that only weighs 60gms and is essentially short range (2km distance not withstanding) really ought to be exempt from regulations that apply to much larger UAVs. Hopefully common sense will prevail and, to be fair to them, the CAA seem to quite sensible of the balance between having fun with a remote controlled aircraft and those aircraft causing problems. @Grant Baxter @Ivan: +1 as the stretch goals suggestions you made. It will totally help in the flight path(setting waypoints) app which i see will be one of the first and most needed/useful app that developers would come up with So if the price for range extenders is reduce significantly it will be awesome. @Creator - just a thought but as I understand it the Zano will check GPS at set intervals when not is use to reduce startup time, could I suggest that if the Zano is in the dark (i.e. in the carry case) it doesn't do this as it wouldn't get a signal anyways? Or maybe a magnet in the case detected by the magnetometer? For stretch goals, two ideas: 1) Reduced price to range extender for backers 2) Pontoons in case of accidental water landing Thanks as always @CaffeineJunkie: IR and sonar is used for obstacle avoidance and for hovering. According to me in outdoors it uses relative GPS difference in Follow me mode, as far as follow me mode in indoors does it use Wifi RSSI and is it a part of the wifi tether (Ivan can you confirm that?) Tom, as I understand it Zano will still operate indoors, relying on its other sensors for positioning (IR and sonar). The more I read the more I think that the Zano won't be able to be controlled indoors? Is this correct? I'm sure I'm missing something but does it always need gps connection to be functional? @Tsang P.K: IMO a good point. But Zano needs to be able to make a difference between just losing GPS temporarely and not having GPS data since a longer time. Let's assume you travel to some place, switch it on and it doesn't get GPS fix - in this case it's not desireable to use the last known position. @Bosco Jacinto: your are right when an app is recording a video/picture. As Zano is able to record video/pics on its own to the SD card, the firmware needs to be able to fill the EXIF headers with geolocation info too (should be a configurable option). @Ivan: IMO a point worth to be noted and implemented if not already done so. @Doug, @Creator: Where are you finding the CAA regulations stating "weight without battery" I've been going through it for a while, and the closest I can find says the opposite: <url>" ‘Small unmanned aircraft’ means any unmanned aircraft, other than a balloon or a kite, having a mass of not more than 20 kg *without its fuel* but including any articles or equipment installed in or attached to the aircraft at the commencement of its flight;" it is later followed by: "Take note also that for electrically propelled aircraft, the battery itself is considered to be a part of the aircraft - it is the battery's charge that is the fuel. The logic for this is that the battery is basically the 'fuel tank' or, in other words, when the battery has run out of fuel, it still weighs the same. " I'd certainly be interested in any details that state differently for drones of Zano size. @Tsang P.K: i miss read your query. well indoors the zano would not be able to use GPS becos it wouldnt get a fix, but it can very well use the last satellite data to do what you say. @Tsang P.K: it can very well be done in the app if GPS data can be fetched from the zano or zano itself if it sends periodic GPS coordinates or much better if zano couples the GPS bearings in the photo/video stream in the protocol itself. All this will be clear when the protocol/API specs are released to the developers. And many other possible combinations of inputs can create many app features. when the build-in GPS works in outdoor, is it possible to record location data on that particular photo's exif? Ivan, thanks for the info on the cases all sounds good. I was thinking that wouldn't it be easier and lighter weight just to have a variety of decals that we could purchase after sales to make it look like just about any style one likes, can decals be made of glow in the dark materials? I do think the black ones would look cool if there were some low power colored Led's that could be adhesive material to be able to apply to the body of the drones, if they will be able to do stunt's at night i think it would be a good color show while flying. My thoughts,so many ideas for this. I like @ Michael Blackburn's R2-D2 idea for colour. @Jonathan hey that looks great.. Can you add a graphic.. Stark - Nano Mark 1? :) I'm all in if ya can. Lol This user's account has been deleted. @creator, That sounds simple enough, The cable park is a manmade lake, pretty big, so if i could set different points for "running out of battery/find place to land" and possibly save them for later? Sorry was supposed to read... Unless you count the video yellow pages made for me 5 years ago... <url>#1000??? Hey Ivan my company hosts, designs and markets websites and I'd be happy to host and develop the forum for you... Especially as I love drones! Let me know how we can help. @Matthew C and very lucky for you I have several appointment slots available (two couches, no waiting...)(lol) And this is comment 2^7 for me FIVE MORE COMMENTS TO REACH THE MAGIC 1000 MARK........the tension mounts,,,(lol) @Christian Batiste they will be making a repeater that will wirelessly work with any wifi enabled device. So yes even iPhones. Hey there is a Product called " Chroma " by Chromacolors.com that can glow up to 32 hrs ! Find a lost drone at night ...... Also how about a Chrome Zano ? It would look really cool in the Sunlight ... Or maybe a Clear Zano ? Great Project ! Cheers y'all @Ivan I'm sorry, I missed out that part! Thought you were talking about legislation research. :-) Unfortunately it has been years ago since I've done some coding. I no longer have any spare time, so I'll have have to say no to the developing. I'm sure enough people will be excited to become developers though! Good luck! I wonder if it is an antenna that can be connected to an iPhone somehow? @Christian Batiste Yes. that is correct. They have used a special antenna and have succesfully tested up to 2km. :) @creator and @anyone It is mentioned somewhere in a creators text that it has ben tester on 1km distance with a special antenna. Did i understand that correct? /C Sorry mentioned to write making super cap a plug in module would fix added weight issue when not needed. I came up with a better idea though. Make an adapter to lithium AA bateries that plugs in to standard battery jack. Integrated with adapter is super cap and germanium diode preventing charger from charging battery. @creator if peak current is the problem putting a small super cap on board would eleveate the problem. Making the super cap a plug in module would take away this issue. You could put the header for the cap as a 4 pin giving you a way to disable the charger when cap is installed @John Gorst 2 AAA in series would give less current then an AA 3v. Hey, I have created a short FAQ Section about Zano on my website www.kickstarterreviews.co.uk/Zano I will add to these gradually and hopefully it will be helpful for anyone wanting quick facts about Zano Would two Lithium AAA 1.5v cells fit in the case and would 3v be enough for the Zano (presume it runs at 3.3v internally?). That would be 2500mAh at a total of 15g (+ holder) and suited for high current discharge. 2 cells are £4 at argos currently. <url>£3.20 (cheaper in bulk) for a 2600mAh 17g battery they don't seem too bad for an always ready spare or for extended (5-6x) flight time?? eg <url>"ZANO Image Editing suite"): you could implement a bridge to external resources, like ro roalty free music (and payed services too) to implements music/sounds/loops etc. (example: <url>"blimp my zano!" :) I can identify a whole host of possible applications for a single Zano and I think the swarming capability will open up a whole lot more. Of course this means I have a lot more questions (apols): 1.) How do we sign up as a developer? Is there a Zano simulator available (a virtual Zano) we can test our applications against? [Maybe this a separate commercial opportunity...] 2.) Could we start a Zano developer community before June next year on flyzano.com? Would it be okay to kick something off entirely independent, with an open source element? (I can see there are a lot of interested folk already...) 3.) Can I ask what distance the comms between Zano's can operate over? 4.) I think its really important to be able to plug and play sensors/devices on the Zano as you have stated, I can see a great application for an infra red camera and real camera combined (is that possible?). And how is flight affected by plugged in devices - is there a balance/flight issue, or does the flight firmware effectively auto-compensate in any case? 5.) Given the deregulation aspect of such a small sub-60g device, can we run it untethered in certain environments? I ask because I can see specifying a map area in which it can fly unfettered (not intruding on other people or property) to carry out some very cool applications, but it would need to be able to operate hundreds of meters from its "home base". 6.) I would like to be able to download my own realtime processing code onto the Zano itself, to process the real-time video / audio feeds and to instantly change its flight route - will this be possible? 7.) I can see possibilities for being able to apply processing in your HPC system too - is this something you might entertain? 8.) I can offer you beta testing of the device over and around Loch Awe in Scotland if that is of interest? All the very best - roll on £1m pledges - airables rule! Simon Thanks again Ivan for your continued A+ support. If you guys could come up with a landing/recharging pad, that would be really cool. Something really funky looking and functional for around $100.00 USD or less would certainly make me say YES! Bob @Matt Tomalin - The CAA quote an all up weight LESS BATTERY for other UAVs. I'm guessing that if they bring in regulations for UAVs of 50gms or more that will stil be for a weight excluding battery and so I would imagine that the Zano will still be excluded, ie the battery is going to weigh more than 5gms isn't it? @Matthew Cornelisse ... I envision traffic jams and parking problems for Zanos ;-) @creator Hey Ivan. Have emailed you about super-early testing in extreme conditions. Hope we can take a Zano to the Chugach Mountains for you guys and show it some moves ;-) @ Scott Rowland There is also an article <url>£139 and above). What is so difficult to understand that? I would like to see a hi visibility color scheme. DayGlo orange or fire engine lime green. How about using a clear (see-through) materal for a zano? One battery and one spare battery for each zano. So, 2 batteries for each zano. Hi there, I am confused, see the replies: @Creator: Hey Abulkhair: Regarding batteries, you will receive two in total. @Andreas Vogel: @Abulkhair Hejazy: In his last posting Ivan writes: "Each Zano has a spare battery so four Zano's will give you 4 spare batteries. The same applies to full sets of spare propellers. Every Zano gets a full spare set." @Ben - Kickstarter Reviews :@abulkhair you get one spare plus the original per Zano. 1 Zano = 2 batteries 4 Zano = 8 batteries. Hope that helps which is the proper answer? Thanks Uncle reecey it's georgia. and I would like lepord print zebra print pink lepord glow in the dark and fluro pink with zebra propellers and lepord dots thanks reecey love ya Like many others am realling looking forward to see raw unedited videos and photos taken by the zano. Until then theres this video of the hubsan x4 2mp nano camera drone. It should give us a good idea in general for gymbal-less drones. <url>"Hey, Child-of-Ivan, follow me (or precede me) at a distance of 5 feet, and height of 8 feet. A skeleton Zano. Clear plastic so we can see into the mechanics of Zano I'll also second the idea glow in the dark propellers, think it would look pretty awesome at night and its an easy swap. @nagamendo...i also saw it on youtube...a car that changes color by remote controller...they call it paramagnetic paint. Actually it's very awesome but i don't know if it's possible or feasible for Zano...@Sir Ivan...can you please comment on this paramagnetic paint? Thanks! @ Scott Luther: Max speed is 25 mph. @mTek I know that the height wouldn't be an issue. The zano judges it relative to the controller. So even on a mtn top, it'd fly 10 or 15 meters above you. I'm pretty sure that the temperature range it can tolerate was pretty broad, as well. Referring to the post of @Arnel Teh: There is an actual Kickstarter project that provides a technology to change the color of an object like sunglasses or anything else you can put a foil on (see: The Future of Color Changing Sunglasses with Alphachromics <url>"Jussi Myllyluoma I'd like to see a plain neutral grey one... Possibly with some urban camo pattern on it, along these lines: <url>" +1 I would love to have this, it's got my vote!!! Just not exactly like his example picture Hi Ivan, As a rock/ice climber i was wondering what are the altitude and temperature limits of the zano? How high can i go with it? standing on a 4000m peak and take a selfie, no problem? How about temps below freezing? How about the stabilization when its "windy"? Is there a windspeed limit? Thanks for your feedback in advance! Cheers, Kjelt Ps.: Keep up the awesome work! :) Hey everyone, how about a body paint that changes color in different angles...or a paint that changes color depending on the surroundings like a Chameleon...is it a stupid idea? Hahaha! I'm curious, wanted to use it to video water sling/wake boarding, how faster will it go to keep up? Any idea? I don't nascar is in its future. If I ski with my phone will it rotate to follow my movement if I place it in stationary location? Hi Sir Ivan, you mentioned a rubber foot (landing pads) what about a kind of snap-on landing foot where you can make your own landing foot (DIY) depending where you use them...styro for water, rubber for land, wheels for smooth concrete...etc...am i suggesting something new or is it already done by your team? Your No.1 fan...Arnel...hehe I'd like to see the glow-in-the-dark option, and better yet a glow-in-the-dark/dayglo orange mix. I want to be able to find the Zano while flying, or if it were to go down, day or night. Another option, which may have been stated already, would be to add a GPS point to rendevous if the Zano gets out of range. I also like the idea of waypoints for travel. Track as long as possible and hit the waypoints or rendezvous point if contact is lost. Thanks for listening. This is very exciting to see coming to fruition. Many congrats! @Larry J. Geguzis Totally true ... maybe "national flag coloring" (for any flag) is a better description @creator Is there any way to invest in your company? Through stocks? I would really love to be part of this Amazing opportunity. You have the potential to go word wide. The leader in nano personal drone...imagine that. Hey Ivan, just came up with something. I read a few days ago someone asked if the drone could fly in front of a snowboarder recording the face. Sounds like a great video. But I see the difficulties with tracking the route of the boarder. What about a GPS route? For instance, while at the top of the mountain, set the drone to follow this specific route down the mountain. And as long as the person doesn't outrun the drone, it will record video facing backwards. I guess I should have just started with the idea of designating a route for the drone to follow. Is that possible? By drawing the route on your phone, could the drone follow your directions? @Bob Kat.. I think that they said the parts e.g. rotors could be replaced without any tools so that suggests that it's a pretty simple snap and click procedure. I wonder if we could choose to have the SPARE blades be the glow in the dark so we'd have a set of each? I don't like the color that the glow in the dark is during the day, but the nighttime effect would be really cool. How about sky camo? @Mark Penders: Red white and blue covers several countries (incl USA). @David Ark: pretty much. It's water resistant but not water proof. I wakeboard at a cable park, I would love to have zano follow me an get sick footage! Just scared of having it get damaged >< If zano gets wet, is it game over? @Joe Justice: I suggested to use a bluetooth "find me" mechanism in those situations that Zano goes down and you can't locate it. Regarding the charging options: it is mentioned a few times to integrate the fuel stick to the case. Would that give the case an external plug (USB I presume) to connect it to your preferred power source (wall socket, car, ...)? As far as coloring: - glow in the dark - orange - red-white-blue (dutch flag) - why not have a name / initials to go on the props, to give it that sense of uniqueness Hi @ creator, Thank you (and others) who answered my question. I selected my option for the case and think 2 batteries is enough. Will be more than happy to send through some of the many videos and photos uses I'm planning on using zano for... I think downhill mountain bike riding in Perth's Hills will give the anti-crash capabilities an amazing test (just hope I don't break it) Also hearing about the beta testers needed, I will obviously be applying when you offer this... I have zero technology know how but imagination and ways to go have fun... I'm your man... Reckon zano could dodge a squash ball? How awesome would something like that be for demonstrating anti-crash... Hahaha What about this for a new Zano design: base it on the looks of the Milano spaceship from the new "Guardians of the Galaxy" movie! <url>"extras" could be off to preserve/extend the battery charge but the drone is in mid-air (already in the position you want it to be in) waiting for you to turn on the camera, video, and/or wifi. 3. I realize that ZANO has an endless amount of opportunities to create add-ons through programming and developing. However, I am not technical in this sense to add these features myself. Could the LED display have the option to show the barometer, temperature, altitude, etc? I believe that I read in one of the comments early on that the drone is already processing this information. 4. Also for the LED, if selfies are how ZANO is primarily being advertised, then are there multiple options for countdowns? I saw on the video that there was a 3, 2, 1. Many times, though, I know group photos take a bit longer than that. This would be for both video and pictures. 5. This might just be a suggestion for a developer but if the drone has a speaker, then when messages are seen on the screen, could they, instead be read out loud via the speaker? This could even be expanded to potentially sending an audio clip via the smart device the drone is connected to on the ground, to the drone while it is recording. This would be to narrate what is being seen/felt at that specific time and it gets recorded into the video as it happens. This would especially be useful if someone doesn't want to edit their footage on a computer and just upload it to the Internet right away. 6. Several people had mentioned the drone remote charging option. Just a thought: Could it be done like switching on an electric tea kettle? The weight of the drone descending would latch onto the docking station, thus beginning the charge while “locked” in place. Once done charging, the latch would automatically click to “off” to dislodge the drone, from which it could fly away again with no human aid. 7. Will it be possible to change the distance of the drone to the object it is following and/or where it is focusing while in recording taking mode (ex: go from following someone closely to holding back as the object continues on without the drone and from there panning out) without needing to start and stop the video? I would love to be a beta-tester. To give you some idea of what demographic I am...I am an American female who graduated from university a few years ago. I work outside of the United States most of the year all over the world. Although I like to think myself as being good with technology, I do not have a background with building technology; the only time I've programmed/coded was with the Hour of Code initiative last year, which I thoroughly enjoyed. :) Keep up the amazing work! I like the less than 60g comment i.e. flying under regulation in the UK. Perhaps you should highlight this as a selling point! @Matt Tomalin Ivan has stated the case will be removable. In fact they will also publish the models so people can 3d print their own case . :) Hi all, my suggestions for colour would either be a matt black or matt olive green to give it a kind of military feel. Also a question, is it easy to remove the bodywork? That way the "Shell" could be customised or painted in the same way as other RC models. Thanks Matt (Maybe some of these questions have already been answered, sorry for that, but the list of comments is huge !) *color, customization of the look: - is it possible to paint it ? to add some light pieces ? a (removable) skin ? If yes how many grams ? Are there some places, holes to fix something? * software/hardware customization Zano seems to have been very much optimized, so I'm not sure any modification is possible. I ask however: - possibility to add on board a few electronic things (a few more leds, a small 2nd processor, additional sensors...) - possibilities to add some software : on board what is possible ? on a remote computer : which kinds of skills are needed, which programming language ? * acrobatic flight - am I correct, inverted flight might be feasible ? - is it possible to disconnect temporarily or to parametrize the obstacle avoidance functions (close swarms, pseudo collision...) - is Zano waterproof or could it be made so ? is it "better" to crash on the ground or water ? * a probably stupid idea : could Zano be attached below an helium balloon for longer flight duration ? * swarms : is it possible to send messages between Zanos ? @creator - I agree with your point that all backers should benefit from any additional stretch goals. As has been suggested elsewhare, maybe a suitable goal would be an upgraded camera. Personally I really, really like the idea of charging being integrated into the Zano case. Is there some way (if you offer such an option) that we can select it as an add on at the level of case we've selected (the limited edition one in my case)? Maybe just a replacement of one innards by another. I really don't want to lose my special case. I got a couple ideas for colors -matte black -glossy black -powder blue -chrome -red/white/blue: like a flag -urban camo: grey's and whites -gold: super limited quantity -silver -as stated earlier, red -neon colors: Orange, green, pink @Joe Justice everything you ask can be done. Find zano already proposed. Poparotzi zano will definetly get developed by me or someone else. Hey Ivan Thank you for your reply, I would actually love to see the dark red rendering if that's possible? I think it would look fantastic. Now I don't have the technical skills but in theory if you bought two zanos and removed the rgb display from one and created a small tunnel shaped attachment where you could clip two zanos together, could this work? Or would the whole physics of the Zano make it impossible to fly? Just an idea but I understand it would probably be very unstable. Ben Again, I'm guessing the software in the phone will be able to handle this, but I am so excited about this product I keep having ideas I want to share. :-) Say I'm having an outdoor cookout and I want the Zano to simply circle in a specified area of, oh, 50 feet diameter, snapping shots of the people below. Is it possible to set an area, in relation to the phone, or even better, to the GPS so I may walk within this area with my phone but the Zano will retain the original coordinates set for the backyard party, and then let the Zano periodically fly around and snap photos, then vibrate or beep my phone when it needs a fresh battery so I can meet it at the "landing site" and replace the battery, then it picks up with running a "map pattern" over the party snapping photos. Maybe this is too sophisticated for early release. But I would love to be able to do this at any outdoor group activity so I could join in the fun while having my aerial robot camera flying over snapping random photos of the event. Tres cool! :-) -joe Forgive me if this has already been posted. I am unclear how to search the comments but I wanted to get this out there. In the event that the unexpected happens, say a malfunction that prevents the Zano from flying and it crashes or lands somewhere, does the phone app have a way to tell me where the Zano is located? If the Zano can identify where my smartphone is located, can my smartphone easily help me find my Zano? Maybe even if the Zano is somewhere flying above me and I want to look at it at it snaps photos, and say it's been in autonomous mode for a while and I'm not sure exactly where it is in relation to me (maybe a moot point if one could hear it - but maybe I'm a deaf owner), is it possible to use my phone to tell me where to look at my Zano for photos? So, for looking in the right direction for photos or for finding a strangely lost Zano, can my phone point me in the right direction? Thanks. -joe This user's account has been deleted. I watched the video, so your saying that if I order 2 Nanos when I pledge on the limited version black and case I can still get limited edition black case? Confused now would like one camouflage and black limited edition models, how much more money are these going to cost if not purchased on a pledge. Just throwing it there..... How about adding 1 or 2 stretch goals between 1 and 2 millions? :) I would like red or matt red with red props. I also like the idea of having glow in the dark props available to purchase afterwards. Stretch goal 3 is in sight! Also, would you guys be able to give us some operational or functional details on the ZANO that has not been mentioned yet before the product ships? Thanks Bob I have a suggestion. How about rubber or padded feet on the legs? This would minimize the scratching and discoloring of the legs on hard surfaces. Thanks Bob @Patrick Westerhof: it is really simple: every Zano package at £139 and above will be delivered with one standard and one spare battery. The reason why the initial descriptions don't mention the spare battery is that this was decided later and it's technically not possible to alter the description after the first pledge. The new options mention the spare battery. So nothing strange here ;-) The reason I chose the more expensive option is the case. @Ben - Kickstarter Reviews and @Dominic Smith. I also selected a package with a standerd and a spare Battery. This means we will not be rewarded with a third battery. I think it's kind of strange that the people who choose the cheaper option are rewarded and the other ones not. hi, i pleged £154, what is the differense now to the pledge of £139??? regards dennis Currently trending to 1.7 million pounds i would really love a carbon fibre look zano with matching case I would love to see actual video shot with zano how about jitter? Is the footage stable? Great product!!! Too many comments to find if this has been asked. I wonder if this will be the most funded percentage wise Kickstarter ever? and what the final fund will be.With my other Kickstarts I started loading the daily amounts into Numbers and the results are fairly straight line to give a good projected answer, which turned out to be very close, to predict final funding. Great Gadget, but don't send too many mails as my Mrs. might spot it on her iPad. She doesn't know about this, and as it's small, when I get it, I might be able to get away with it was left for me by Father Christmas Hi Ivan, this is my first ever KickStarter pledge, you are running an amazing campaign! I think you are building the must-have gadget for 2015. Not sure if this phrase has been coined before, but I would describe what you are building along with the additional features to be implemented as an "airable" - "wearables" are such old hat! (excuse the pun). Regarding colour options I would go with anything that helps spot where it is in low light / darkness so its easy to find when it drops out of the sky due to low battery / adverse weather conditions? Dayglo/reflective rotors might be best... I have a couple of ideas to suggest: 1.) Are you thinking about in-flight refuelling? That maybe sounds a bit mad, but some form of landing on a recharging platform (perhaps located by a beacon signal) so it automatically keeps itself going on a long term cycle perhaps in tandem with other Zanos so one is always in the air at any time (e.g. for a sentry duty / home security type application). 2.) Could the Zano be combined with a helium ballon for neutral buoyancy (be blimped) so that it could have a much longer flight time? I assume this would need a special cradle attachment and perhaps the flight characteristics need to change, e.g. propellors are not constantly powered but also need to be reversible so the Zano can drive down as well as up? Hope that spurs the team's creative juices. Thanks for a great gadget! All the very best, Simon @creators will there be a goal in which everyone would also get a case for their Zano? It seems really handy in protecting the Zano while in my bag or pocket. At a certain amount of funding will you include this for anyone who has purchased £139 and above? I would like to see a glow in the dark version. Also have you thought of making a version that might support add on technology as it is developed giving it the ability to be customized. Cannot wait to get my hands on one. ... and between me starting my comment and committing it I see that you have broken through the £800,000 barrier. Congratulations (again) it just gets better and better. Please provide some real footage took by Zano during the wind condition and the the video of how the Zano flying during the wind condition ( not the footage but the video of Zano flying itself) .... i think most of us want to see how this little things handle the wind... since this is very important factor of we choose to buy this product / idea or not, if it cant deal with the wind condition , it seems not piratical when using in our daily life. ...thank you so much for have such funny product anyways ! keep the good work ! i am looking forward to this ! My choice would be for an additional body shell that is semi-translucent so that any LEDs get diffused through the whole body. I think that would be awesome at night time, sort of like fireflies buzzing round the camp fire as @Alan Hagge suggested The Zano is getting astronomically better as time goes by. It's refreshing to have creators so involved with the backers and the discussions that go on. Especially when listening to suggestions and opinions. I've never come across a campaign with this much transparency. (minus technological secrets of course) The functionality that is going into this and the future updates is going to make Zano a big contender in personal drones. Here are my color suggestions. Glow in the Dark 3M reflective Light Blue (to match the daytime sky) How about a thermal color that changes from a light color in the day to a darker one at night? Transparent sounds like it could be useful as well. :) One question for the very knowledgeable backers here. In the UK does the same legistation apply to Zano and other micro/nano drones as for all UAV's under 20kg? Seems to me that even if Zano did fall out of the sky, with the small mass and low energy involved you would be lucky to startle a passing ant, let alone cause injury. Rather than a new colour, Could you not add a model with different functionality. Maybe ship with thermal camera? Re: Additional colors - glow-in-the-dark, definitely - I personally want a white unit (believe it or not, to make it as hard to see during the daytime as possible - so I can be stealthy and keep people from looking up and complaining about "a drone overhead"), but having glow-in-the-dark would also make it easy to see and fly at night - for amazing campfire videos! If we like the new color better than the one we've chosen, what's the process for changing our order? chrome. chrome body. chrome props. chrome everything. chrome chrome chrome I would love a dark red one hex code #8B0000 would be fantastic! On another note I would buy a set of glow in the dark props opposed to a whole glow in the dark Zano if that makes sense? So if you could offer this as an extra at the end that would be great. (So I could have a black Zano with glow in the dark props) @creator: what a great update to the campaign. The whole Zano project was already amazing and it just keeps getting better. Just makes it harder and harder to wait till mid 2015 :) Keep it up and thanks for the great communication and news updates. Dominic you get two batteries with every Zano. 1 spare and 1 as standard. I'd like to see the Zano in Matt Tan colour ... sort of a brown/natural stone if possible. David Hi, I'm just curious, I've selected the - "EARLY BIRD FIRST EDITION BLACK ZANO and Standard ZANO Carry Case. You will receive 1 x First Edition Black ZANO. 1 x Charging Cable. 1 x Spare Battery. 1 x Clam Shell, zipper ZANO branded carry case." I just noticed that all pledges over £139 receive an additional spare battery... Does this mean I will receive 3 batteries in total? The one that come with, the extra from the option I've choosen and the extra for backing over £139. Also looking forward to the Zano is a massive understatement!!! Can't wait to hit up the skateparks around Perth on my blades with one of these bad boys chasing me. Going to make for some awesome footage... And not sure if I'm pointing out the obvious but also thinking this is going to be a game changer on so many levels, imagine holidays with the family... no more, one person's missing from the photo because "somone" had to take it or nervously handing your camera to a stranger thats offered to take a shot... Or at school assemblies when you kids are performing and all the parents are struggling for a good angle that doesn't have too many other peoples heads in the way... up goes Zano... Or my favoirte use so far Bungee Jumping with Zano hahaha As you can tell I'm very excited to play with Zano... Reffering to the new video, I would like to see a matte dark blue version :) @Rina: you're wright it is avialiable Wow, I stand corrected. Useful tip. Been backing for a few years now and never knew that. @Ben-Glad to help! =) Ps I meant @Rina and it autocorrected sorry! And just to be even clearer, your backer number is the one beneath "By Torquing Group" and has a Kickstarter icon and "#" before it. Hope this helps. @tina good shout! I Could only find my backer number for completed projects but following your instructions worked perfectly. For those asking about how or where you can see your backer number: Once logged in, click on "Me" on the top right portion of the page and click on "Backer History". Locate the Zano project and click on the BLUE CROSS beside it. You will see your pledge details there. @Creator perhaps backer email address would be better as anyone can look through the backer list for usernames. @Abulkhair Hejazy: In his last posting Ivan writes: "Each Zano has a spare battery so four Zano's will give you 4 spare batteries. The same applies to full sets of spare propellers. Every Zano gets a full spare set." @abulkhair you get one spare plus the original per Zano. 1 Zano = 2 batteries 4 Zano = 8 batteries. Hope that helps Hi Ivan, Sorry for more question, but how many batteries I will get? Also, Im super ready to become a beta-tester on Saudi arabia deserts and golden sands with acacia trees Thanks Hi Ivan, Here's a futuristic thought... Imagine being able to tag something or someone and Zano being able to find it or them. A child in a crowd? A golf ball on a gold course? a car lost in a car park? This way it could be relayed back to the phone. Could the Zano perhaps be enabled with a beacon that fires off its location before going dead? (i'm sure I read this somewhere in the log below). Oh I see the difference now. So instead of controlling how much juice you give to the motors, you are simply telling it to go up and it will ascend as long as you hold down that upwards button. Right? Cheers! @Szabolcs József Dékány: the so called "free flight mode" means that you are sending commands like "go up", "go forward" and so on. After the execution of a command completes Zano will just stay and wait for more commands. This in contrast to the following mode where the Zano keeps a certain distance to you, e.g. by object tracking using image processing. Anyway, this "free flight mode" doesn't mean that you're controlling Zano in a direct way - it's just by commands. This is how I understand it and hope I explained it right. Hey everyone! There has been a lot of discussion about flying zano instead of tasking it and Ivan mentioned that it would be the job of developers to achieve that. Now I'm a bit confused since one of the pictures show the zano app ui in free flight mode. A bit of clarification on this would be awesome. Cheers! Almost at 800 000 :) @Creator You mentioned that backers would enter their backer number when applying for the Beta. Will you be sending this out after funding because a backer number is not provided by kickstarter to backers. (How many more times can I squeeze the word backer in to one post?) Guess a little charging ciruit would have to be included also. Ivan if you give me x location of pads and size of cut out I can make pcb for you. @Doug Conran assuming the gold pads get added they can make a small pcb with 4 springs on it and a usb jack. Assuming they cut the pcb to fit the opening it could be sold as extra we add ourselves with double sided tape. In my previous post I forgot to say WHY this would be so useful. It means that you can go out and about and, at some point, take your Zano out of its case (knowing that its fully charged), fly it around for a bit, put it back in its case, head off to the next photo opportunity, pull it out of its case again, knowing that it is, again, fully charged and so on and so on (at least until the fuelstick runs out of chearge). There have been a number of comments/suggestions on ways of charging the Zano from the case. I'm really interestedi in this and would definitely increase my pledge (by £30/£40?) if you could offer the following:- 1. Zano case (preferably the Limited Edition version) has integrated Zanofuel stick. 2. This fuelstick is charged via a usb cable 3. The fuelstick/case has some sort of meter on it showing remaining charge. 4. Zano automatically connects to charging point within case when case is closed such that Zano is always charged from the fuelstick and the fuelstick is charged as and when. 5. Ideally it would be nice to be able to connect the spare battery to that set up as well. I'm sure that you or someone can develop such a case as an add on purchase but then I would have to use either my lovely limited edition case or the charging case. What do you reckon? Could this be done as part of a stretch goal? Congratulations! You collected ONE MILLION Euros for the ZANO campaign so far! You're doing a fantastic job and i'm very excited about the way you are communicating with the backers. It's incomparable. There are some campaigns here at Kickstarter where the creators act very very poor. Keep on doing this great job. Hey Ivan, I just recently purchased my own 3D printer and I'd like to see if I could recreate the drone. I thought I had seen a link to the drone in a comment. But I think the link is buried. Anyway you could shoot me the link again? I'm too impatient to wait for the real one. With reversing motors it could be use for taking vertical 360panoramic shot. Or with a camera that tilt 45 degrees down flipping the zano would give the options to make it 45 degrees up for maybe filming a bird flight Hi Ivan and everyone: the reversing of motors can be very useful for zanos to be more agile especially when performing a common task as part of a swarm and especially when it needs large pitch angles without changing its reference from other objects/zanos. Here's a TED talk that shows beautiful ways of controlling quadrotors...there's a skynet swarm maneuver at 10:15 where motor reversing may apply. <url>" How can you add another zano to a previous pledge? As I would like to add another one but still be able to keep my pledge of limited edition black zano a standard early bird one to my order also? Or can you? I'd be interested in the answer to that too. Be well, LJG Hi there, If I pledge with family pack, so I will get 4 spare batteries? Thanks How can you add another zano to a previous pledge? As I would like to add another one but still be able to keep my pledge of limited edition black zano a standard early bird one to my order also? Or can you? @ Robin Migalski Thanks for that!! Very exciting goals! Hey Ivan, I'm interested too to become a beta tester as you might guess ;-) You write that backers need to provide the backer number. I re-read the confirmation e-mail from Kickstarter again and also checked my profile data on Kickstarter but I wasn't able to find any backer number. But I remember the number of current backers was 1024 right after my pledge - and of course as an IT professional I was happy to see that ;-) Do you have any idea where I can find my backer number? Hey Ivan (aka Creator): Regarding your beta testing suggestions, by taking a very significant portion from the ranks of the Funding Fathers, I think that you've nailed *all* of the issues that I voiced. From the wealth of suggestions/ideas provided by this group **and** your responsiveness to same, I'm certain that it's DEFINITELY a win/win proposition! I was just about to float what I believed to be a clearly brilliant idea past you, only to have it dashed on the rocks of my dear Luddite spouse's glare. To be clear, my dear one **is** my childhood sweetheart, having been raised just 2 miles apart, in a bucolic, Norman Rockwellian setting, back in the early '60's. We were dance class partners in 6th grade, high school (and college) sweethearts (and yes, she was the Lead Cheerleader and I the Captain of the football team). We're now married for 42 years (3 of them happily) and I'd thought that between the two of us our computer skills (or lack thereof) would span the universe of potential beta testers. Alas, she's not excited about any tech involvement beyond her Ipad (huge sigh). My finely honed Shrinkery skills hold no sway in this instance, and so I can only offer myself (with gusto) for the beta testing program. As we have discussed earlier, I do hope to find nearly endless uses for the zano, with my special ability folks and their support staff. Sorry for waxing tangential, but I thought that it might make you smile. @Ivan, thank you yes it does answer my question.. Now I'll just be patient and wait till flyzano.com is up and fully running :) hopefully i can get involved . I'd certainly put my hand up for beta testing. I think many kickerstarter project managers should be watching how you have handled yourself. Sure, you have a great product, but communication is the make or break for croud funding and everyone has certainly benefitted from the discussions as new ideas come out. Here is another one for the beta testing line. I wouldn't mind being a beta tester as well. @Ivan. Thank you for a great kickstarter campaign and a great project. Out of interest, why did you choose what seems to be the Microchip PIC32MZ range of MIPS core micros and not one of the ubiquitous ARM cortex embedded processors, such as the STM32F4 series (225DMIPS) or the new release STM32F7 series (428DMIPS)? Was it perhaps because you have used Microchip for some time and are already familiar with their dev tools, or did you search for a new processor specifically for the ZANO project? If you specifically searched and chose the Microchip part, what made it a better fit than ARM to your ZANO project requirements? With regard to your 30mm square PV panel (900mm²) question, I calculate; Using Sunlight at 1Kw per 1m² = 900mW or 0.9Js at 100% PV cell conversion efficiency. However PV cells are typical 17% efficient and so only 153mW or .153Js is available, only as long as the panel is facing the sun. FYI, A new PV efficiency of 40% has been achieved in the laboratory. @ Ivan, Thank you for a the comments, it's great to find out about all the new ideas etc. In an earlier post you mentioned that Zano isn't really flown as such but tasked. Would it be possible to control it and fly it? Could a developer set this up somehow? @Creator; I'm raising my little hand to get into the beta tester line. I hope you remember me from the other time I asked ;-) I think Matthew is right, everyone on here would want to be a beta tester. Ivan I'm also in for beta testing @creator Missed that earlier note, but I'm cool with you offer. When and where do we sign up? @Ivan SALUTE ...HATS OFF>..Your words speak volumes of your confidence..And yes Im in for the deal....GOOD luck I am pretty sure every single kickstarter backer wants to be a beta tester. Beta and development for me. Will I be able to tether Zano to one smartphone but control it from another? I'm thinking of maybe attaching a (cheapo) smartphone to my dog so that I can see what he gets up to but would obviously want it to 'return home' to me rather than him! Also -definitely sign me (and my dog!!) up as beta-testers Register me as a beta-tester. Love being in the bleeding edge :-) Ivan you said...(However for all our Kickstarter backers, we are offering 12 months of free "In App Purchases" of these new functions from the time you first register your Zano and if you register for being a beta-tester through our developer network or sign up as a developer, you do indeed get LIFETIME free updates.) I'm kinda interested in the beta testing but i probably sound dumb , what does the beta testing intail ? Do i have to know about programming? Or is it the beta testers get the apps /updates first to test them out to see what works what doesn't? In other words what qualifications does one need in order too be considered for beta testing and where and how does someone sign up? I just think it would be exciting to be involved in seeing the zano grow.. Probably change my my screen name to "ZanoHead" :) Thanks again .. Congrats on everything.. My first kickstarter pledge and very excited.. Sorry mentioned even for small charge currents @creator I just realise my sugestion of using the props to push the zano against a spring based base would work even for larger charge currents as long as the base provides power for motors and charger. Inductive may be more efficient at that point but would require you make both options available so spring base can be used for ultra high currents for caps and for charging in closed case. Where inductive can be used for charging the lipo. I am sure eventually every thigh will switch to graphene capacitors since if aligned in a perfect array with only 1 atom gap between plates the charge capacity is almost infinite. Rats. I was typing my comment while tha Creator was posting the recent update. @creator - this is a really active project with a stream of good ideas coming up, all of which is down to your fantastic enthusiasm and responsiveness - so many thanks for that. Could I suggest that you summarise the main suggestions that you are actively considering as an update rather than a comment. That way they won't get lost and can be better updated until such time as you get a Wiki going. @Nicolas Jamet I have a galaxy gear fit. Waterproof and apps can be write for it that could control the zano. Many other such watches have been coming out lately. @Creators re: TKoh's suggestion about Lifetime Software updates: Although my immediate reaction was profuse drooling at such an attractive perk, from your perspective I can see the obvious downsides e.g. loss of potential income "down the road". If, as we hope, the SDK results in a wealth of app software availability, that would be another issue. I was wondering what your opinion would be about a one time opportunity for CHARTER backers (The Funding Fathers? - no gender bias intended) might have of a sliding scale, starting at the point - possibly where the backer actually gets a zano, of a year of the updates from your end, and another year for each 150 or 200 pounds above that (whatever works for your marketing model). This MIGHT entice some to upgrade their existing pledge, or pull in some fence sitters with fat pockets to make large investments. Another approach might provide a separate, stand-alone carrot that doesn't look at the initial backers' investment amount, but uses a scale starting at year 2 for X dollars per additional year? Just spit-balling here. Again, these wouldn't effect outside software developers. Signed a Funding Father (hee hee, I kinda like that). Hello, Can Zano be Connected to a bracelet or another rather than an iphone? Index, surfing or other extreme sport with a phone in the pocket is not practical. Have you thought to develop a waterproof bracelet ? The distance for the wifi that is announced to be of 30 meters seems small, will it be possible to go further? Thanks Nicolas @TKoh the creators have already looked at the feasibility of your request earlier on in the project but it is not financially viable to give lifetime updates for free. They need to spend time of creating software updates and they need this vital income to speed things up. @Doug I saw that but creator seems to have mentioned that while testing zano took a fall damaging only the propellers Hello, i am not technical at all but i have a question. It says Zano has an on board MicroSD cradle. Does this mean you can change the MicroSD card? And what are the necessary specs of teh MicroSD card for the optimum use? @creators Would you consider giving us Kickstarter backers LIFETIME software updates for free? I think that alone will boost sign-ups before the project ends. Simply highlight it in a way people on the fence knows about it. Please consider and thanks! @Midhun Sreekumar Menon - I, also, had suggested prop guards but as @creator pointed out Zano has a plethora of obstacle avoidance features which should make them redundent @creator Awesome. I had guessed this might come sometime..The flipping part.....THANK YOU. Im waiting for surprises eagerly. But can you seriously think of the Carbon fiber propellers or propeller guard to reduce risk of propeller damage as this only seems to be the weakest part in Zano. This can substantially increase durability @creator. Thanks for replies! Not all kickstarters listen to their backers like you do! I appreciate your hard work. @creator. Just noticed your comments about lithium primary cells. A 1 time use battery that could run for an hour would be a nice thing for those that want to use for sports shots. Cost wise the reusable would probably get used most of the time so hopefully not bug environmental impact. As for graphine capacitors i look forward to seeing them available. This is another reason to let the charging base dictate the charge current as we would need 90a. Maybe zano can push itself down on spring base using props. Would only work forfast charging caps @Matthew Comelisse - yes, that would be good. Developing that theme a bit further (@creator note) what would be really good is if the Zano case WAS the Zanofuel. So, my thinking is that the case incorporates the Zanofuel as an integral part of the case rather than as a separate item. Then, as you say, a couple of pressure pads that connect to the Zano as and when it gets zipped into the case - job done. However, obviously the embedded Zanofuel will deplete over time and it would be nice to have some indication of its status. @Doug Conran I believe the plan for the for the case is just to cut slits for charger cables in foam. What would be cool was if there was a built in battery or jack for zano fuel inside case with 4 springs under zano. Put zano in case zip it up and the case will keep it topped up. No having to plug in first. There is ano android app called horizon camera. Presumably something like that could be done. I think flipping will be a good thing 1.Zano is supposed to be fun (I hope!) a few 'tricks' up its sleeve can only be a good thing (but not at expense of core functionality) 2.being upside down allows the camera to look upwards.....think taking pictures from below of someone climbing a rock face. Presumably the cloud processing could possibly flip the video in such cases automatically? In software pan tilt is easy with fish eye. But it is essentially the same idea as digital zoom. Useless unless you are forced to down sample for streaming I've had a thought about in situ charging. If I understand correctly some of the proposals are for the Zano to be charged from the case, presumably by having it electrically connected to the case and the case then connected to an external charger. If this is feasibly, would it be possible to have some display on the case showing the remaining charge in the Zano? One would then instantly know whether it needs recharging before taking it for an outing. Re motor reversal, I don't really see any benefit in being able to flip Zano. As has been said before, it is a device that is tasked rather than flown, why would you want to suddenly invert your video stream? (That's just me, though). Similarly with flying upside down. Cool, but is that what Zano is about? Re camera tilt, I would assume that a mechanical tilt is out of the question because of size and weight but I do like the idea of panning around a portion of the total image a la Parrot Bebop. Looking at some of the recent videos of what they have achieved (unless it has been doctored) I think they have achieved impressive pan, tilt and stabilization using just a fisheye lens and a bit of software. To me this is a much more fruitful area to explore rather than motor reversal. @ Ivan: re hanging like a bat comment - there you go again with the under-sized motors! (lol). Given the incredible stretch goals: I'm thinking that the next stretch level would involve implementing the anti-gravity units ... (g). Seriously, I missed 24 hours of comments (at a funeral) and the zano is evolving as if it's on steroids. Whew! @Matt C Thanks for the link to the capacitor site. I'd been following the for a couple of years while the Volt (car) was being developed by GM. I'd totally drifted away from them since the Volt came out (and cost an arm and a leg). I digress - Thanks! @simon - I believe it can. But the port/starboard side of a vessel is always the same regardless of travel direction. That way you can always tell if it is coming towards you or going away. You don't want them to change dynamically. Are the 'RGB landing lights' individually controlable? Would it be possible for them to change colour automatically to show Port and Starboard based on the Zano's direction of movement? Including inverted? This is by far the coolest drone ever. I must have watched the video and read the stats 25 times in the last few days. Ive never really understood the desire for carbon fibre effect. If it was real carbon fibre that would be one thing but otherwise it's like a kit car made to look like a Ferrari or a fake Rolex. @David Arkapaw Yes, somewhere down the story page you will find: £125,000 - We make ZANO! The Autonomous and Intelligent Aerial Photography and Video Platform. Complete with Obstacle avoidance, Hold position, Follow-Me and Gesture based operation capabilities. Digital image stabilisation for clear and precise photos and video capture. Instant social networking uploads. £250,000 - All of the above. Plus 360 degree and 180 degree aerial panoramic shots. £750,000 - All of the above. Plus Track and Video Capture a target through image processing. £1,000,000 - All of the above. Plus ZANO Image Editing suite. Add image filters, music, text, voice recordings to your ZANO images and videos! Also we create the Custom LED Pixel Art creation suite. We will also make the ZANO SDK available upon launch! We will also have MicroSD ready firmware! (The hardware will already be on board!) £2,000,000 - We enable all of the above and Swarming capability! Control multiple ZANO's from the one device. Perfect for capturing moments from multiple vantage points! Are there stretch goals at all?! By the way graphene capacitors may not be perfected but they may be good enough for zano. <url>"Hey to everyone else, looks like matt surface wins. The injection tool can either be beed blasted to achieve a matt finish or beed blasted then highly polished to achieve the gloss finish so it does mean only one finish can be available but looking at the responses, I would say Matt surface finish is the choice." 2) "The Zano Black will now have the RGB display at the front on a black PCB." First of all congratulations for your effort and work, is awesome to be a part (even a very small one by pledgin here) of a project that allows you to live the future in your everyday life. As an amateur user with this type of technology, here is my suggestion: Any chance of having some icon or such in the GUI to know the "risk level" that the Zano has during the flight depending on the weather conditions and battery life? (Could be only a color circle for example -green,orange,red- in one of the corners of the phone screen) with that warning we could know if the risks we are taking using the Zano in that moment are excesive. Just a few questions 1) I know a Matt finish for the black zano was a popular vote (including mine) was this decided on 2) I know there was talk about making the board the LEDs are mounted on black I like that and was wondering if this is to be done Thanks and zano is gonna be the highlight of 2015 for me Carbon fibre looks great, but it is only worth doing if it's done properly even if it's just a wrap or carbon fibre effect. I just think the cost may spiral out of control to get that effect. If it was possible I would consider pledging for that or maybe something to look forward to in the future. Have a few different style body's which you can clip on and off. I think a carbon fibre look would look awesome I'd definitely change my pledge to that Hope the new design Ivan talked about will be something similar to the Red Arrows because that would be an awesome design and you could create you own aerobatic display with multiple Zanos. Maybe you could also do something that I have never seen before a vertical panoramic? It would certainly be a cool thing to show to others Maybe you could also do something that I have never seen before a vertical panoramic? It would certainly be a cool thing to show to others Maybe you could also do something that I have never seen before a vertical panoramic? It would certainly be a cool thing to show to others A question more directed towards coders and independent developers out there familiar with the android system: How possible would you think it would be to write an app for accessories such as the Sony smart watches to display the live view of the camera as well as the battery time? If you time it right I think this could be done in stable flight: Motors AB DC A,b and c normal direction d in reverse. Will flip on ac access. Revers all motors so still mostly pushing up but spinning on ac Ben still could be cool to see sumer salt then stabilise upside down @Roger Winborn true. Will pictures flip also like cell phone does Yes, maybe I should have thought about what I was saying before actually commenting hah! Not stable. It will fly in direction of tilt. Matthew good response, so in theory if it was possible to slow down instead of reverse two motors, could you tilt Zano in a stable way to take a picture? For those of you who want the camo zano, perhaps you could simply purchase the white zano and remove all plastic parts and hydrographic dip the parts you want camo...I believe a diy dip package is as low as $30 us dollars! Check it out. You could idealy have a carbon fiber pattern as well! Ben pretty sure if 2 were running backwards insread of just slower it would do somersaults Hey just a thought that by reversing the motors you could flip and fly upside down Would it not be possible to tilt the Zano by reversing two motors on one side of the Zano? I'm not to technical when it comes to the workings of a drone but I assume of two motors are powering one way and two motors on the opposite side are opposite to that it would tilt the Zano and therefore you wouldn't need a tillable camera? I may be completed wrong! Peak is 4 times that though Average is 307.8mW per hour at 100% On a side note, definitely going to attach an NFC sticker to the Zano to start up the app etc I see a 3D printing project forming...just gotta wait for my Cobblebot to show up first... Assuming the base station is usb or 12v there are lots of portable solar arrays available. No need to make 1 special that way. Isn't it possible to add a lower price camo Zano perk. I like the design but not for that price. Maybe a perk without the special case. I think that if you make it the price of an early edition a lot of people are interested. @grant...that landing base with solar panels is brilliant! Perhaps creator can make something of the sort. Again it would most likely be a seperate item for sale in the online store. I'm only assuming because there is a limit on how much $ there is to spend on the zano...in less we all agree and up our pledges for these awesome ideas! @bosco...I really liked your idea for a crash safety but mostly for water. How it release an inflatable air bag type thing. The thing is what would power the bag, or better yet how would it inflate on its own? I can't seem to think of any material that can inflate on its own...only thing I could think off is foam...foam is light and floats. The creator already mentioned having them on the bottom of the zano for water landing or something...I'm sure that will be an option for purchase in the online store. @Grant: pretty impressive idea ..the nano hornet GPS on the zano mentions a 1 meter accuracy so a +- 1 meter tolerance for the time lapse ..well but it depends how feasible with wud be in real Another idea for an app .finding fish ..provided the thermal camera can detect it. @Ivan thanks for ur views on my previous comments. The water pontoons wud be great for a controlled water landing I was referring to more of a crash a.lil over ambitious but let's see that idea is stuck in my head. Btw congratulations over the stretched goal the figures have picked up a lot over last couple days You guys are starting me thinking now...solar panels on a charging base station, 3G router on the base station for upload and you could pretty much have this fly up at set intervals to set location, take a pano, land, recharge and repeat, low cost remote time lapse system, would hugely depend how accurate the positioning could be...nice idea though @Oliver Shallcrass you have the right idea. Perfect graphine capacitors could store a 24h charge in less area and weight as the lipo. Scratch that. Was thinking zanos body was as big as whole thing. No solar panel yet would be useful. Though still think laser or microwave may be possible in the future I found a small light weight panel able to deliver 0.5c charge. Not sure if that is enough to be useful as I believe zano in flight discharges at 2c I really can't see the overall benefit of solar panels on such a small device where any extra weight decreases flight time. Especially in countries like the UK where the sun is a rarity and although daylight works it doesn't generate much power. Congrats guys Congrats guys! Woohoo...Second stretch goal achieved....Congrats to the most outstanding creators on Kickstarter... Woohoo almost at 750 000 :) Loving the solar idea. Shame we have not yet perfected graphine capacitors. @creator would the solar top be a great stretch goal that would be possible? I'm sure we could reach our goals with this unique feature...I have yet to see a nano drone that can recharge itself using solar power...better yet keep charge or use solar to fly. I know your getting so many ideas from backers and reality is you won't be able to please everyone. But this feature would really stand out from others...Btw I'm a screen printer if you need anymore shirts lol @creator germanium solar panels are twice as efficiemt as silicon panels. holographic solar panels I do not believe are for sale yet but I believe are extremely light and would be a great option. Laser powering is feasible if you can build a base accurate enough to hit the receiver on zano while in motion. @Giuseppe - they're certainly not going to be Gopro standard but then you probably wouldn't get them in the first place with a Gopro. I'm hoping that with a bit of post-processing they should be okay. At the moment I use a Hubsan + 2mp camera and photos aren't brilliant but are acceptable. This user's account has been deleted. +1 for a forum and Wiki - it's not even possible to search all the comments here because it's needed to expand the older entries first which takes a huge amount of time. So people don't even have a realistic chance to check in advance if a topic has been already discussed here. @Hauvert: I'm more than sure that the range is -45 to +80 degrees Celsius so that should be even enough for Arizona :) Also, I read your reply and it states zano can fly from -45 to 80 degrees...well what if I lived in arizona...should I not get a zano? Since climate here reaches over 80+ degrees. Glad to know that you can enjoy yourself and still come back and answer all of our questions! What sort of latency to you expect between Zano and smartphone? I know that the Zano is primarily a 'fire and forget' type device aimed at making it easy to get selfies but I think that another good use for it will be on holidays for scenic shots and to view wildlife etc, I guess this is the 'free flight' mode mentioned previously. For this sort of thing it would be very useful to see what you are doing, not necessarily FPV but along those lines. Going on from that, will it be possible to bind more than one smartphone to the Zano so that others can share the views? @creator, has anyone brought up the idea of little powerful solar panels on top of the propeller or on top of the zano? That way zano uses the solar power to fly when there is sun and will switch to the battery when there are not power coming from the sun? Just an idea...even if it meant a tad biy bigger zano...imagine the fly time if it were possible. @John Gorst: a forum like that is definately a great idea! I can imagine in a couple of weeks it'll be impossible to scroll through all this information finding answers for people who haven't kept up with the project. A wiki is a great idea! I second that. Some questions did arise after some pondering: You've previously mentioned the ability to exchange parts without any use of tools to upgrade your Zano, will these parts be available on flyzano.com and do you have any specific physical upgrades already planned out for the future? You also mentioned you may upgrade the camera module from OV5640 to an OV5670, now that you've received a spectacular amount of funding in just a mere few days, where do you stand in this matter? Also, I know a lot people have asked, but will there be stills and video examples coming up in the near future to assess the camera's quality in normal lighting conditions? (Indoors, florecent lighting, as well as sunlight) Thank you! :) I can't wait for this project to be developed, the Zano has so much potential for future upgrades and especially since you designed it to 'never' have to upgrade the hardware unless desired! Thank you, you guys are awesome! Do you think the Zanofuel will fit in the standard case? Will it be something we can buy from flyzano.com? Will the Zanofuel continue to charge the Zano when it is being charged itself? Have you thought about a (pre)-user forum yet? Maybe with a wiki for all the information in this comments section can be added to by users? I use a bluetooth joystick to play games on my phone, will we be able to use a bluetooth joystick to take control over the Zano? Lipo chargers general go through a few stages 1) check battery is good 2) constant current(400ma for zano) 3) constant voltage(4.2v) 4) shut down(cuts power off and does not allow reversee current until battery drops bellow surrender threshold.) I really like the idea of charging port on the case with possibility of battery in it to keep zano charged when not plugged into mains. This could be by plugging a micro usb cable extension into the Zano before placing into the case......even sweeter would be external contacts on the Zano like suggested for the charging landing pad. My concern is that the video says it retains its charge for 16-18 days with GPS refreshing......but at e.g. 10 days how much flight time remains? Powering the GPS via external source when stored will keep flight time at maximum Also how smart is the battery charging circuit in Zano? Also charger for spare battery? Will it ruin the battery keeping it plugged in when not in use......or will it only allow charging as the battery level falls eg to 90% @Doug Conran yes you will be able to @Matthew Cornelisse: that's what I meant - as long as we don't have any white paper or details of the SDK, it doesn't make much sense to do more work on the library. It seems we'll get some information soon and anyway, we're not under time pressure. ;) @Bosco Jacinto: regarding standalone programs on the WIFI soc: until now I didn't really understand how Ivan meant this, so we need to wait for further details. But according another point he mentioned, the Zano is having a buffer having space for about 500 commands where a command might be something composite consisting of positions, actions and conditions. If this is the case I can imagine e.g. to program the Zano to fly a predefined route and take pictures or videos at specific points or between waypoints. The route could be defined in Google Maps or any other map software. Let's wait if Ivan can shed some light on it or until the SDK is available. @Creator - following on from my earlier musings, I completely accept that there is no need to have prop guards but from a public perception point of view I think people would be a lot happier to see these things flying about if they felt that they would not be hit by a spinning propeller. Would it be possible to offer some, even as an added optional purchase? @Eirikur No, no. It is a size thing :-) In my opinion the Phantom et al were originally designed to satisfy a photographer market but what is happening now is that they are proliferating into the hands of the blindingly stupid who are treating them like toys with no thought for their destructive capabilities, for instance I wonder how many of this new breed have tp liability insurance? When too many of them start being flown (erratically) in park areas people will begin to feel threatened and seek ways to curtail their use. At that point they become pretty much useless except for their original purpose. Personal UAVs, on the other hand, because of their diminutive size, will just not (in my opinion) be seen as such a threatening device and because of the relatively close proximity of drone to user will be regarded in a much more benign way. Big and powerful = scary, Tiny = twee and fun. Plus, who wants to lug a phantom around with you when you just want to capture yourself having a bit of fun? Phantoms etc will always have their place for the (semi) professionals but the Zano and descendents will be for those who just want to record their activities in the easiest way. @DS - These are just my thoughts but I'd be very interested to see how others see this whole market going. @creator Another idea ...why don't u create a case with battery and small cord. U could pre charge the case then recharge the zano on the go... DS and Doug: Maybe you should rather compare the Nano with this one <url>~25 mph. Be well L in the faq you write the Motor does have up to 100.000rpm. This would be 1666 x 360 turns per second. Is this a typo or is this technically possible? @ Creators - Bike Tracking - Flight Time Hi again. Really looking forward to the next in the lab video. Quick question , I have a friend who is deciding to invest his money into either a go pro or a Zano. He likes the zano but thinks he will get more use out of a go pro. I told him it would be possible for him to ride his road/mountain bike and get a zano to follow him as it will track his phone. Am I right in suggesting this ? How long would flight time be (I appreciate this will not be accurate yet but 5mins? 10mins? 15mins ? etc) Could the drone keep up with a road bike traveling on a normal road in Wales? Is there any issues with the drone not seeing something as thin as an overhead powerline /telephone line say? Cheers Fozza Love the idea of a high speed drone. As someone who snowboards a lot I see the Zano as a great piece of kit to follow us around the park, getting level with camera as you get air off a kicker, and then having it drop down in altitude so that it pans along the rail for a 50-50, it's all next-level stuff. What has really piqued my interest is @creators mention of the possibility of a high speed UAV. Parks are great, but the real deal is dropping off cliffs and running high altitude, high speed descents in the back country. We easily hit 75-80kph (50+mph) and it would be f'ing epic to have a high-speed UAV with Zano tech following you. It's been said before, but the only issue would be the cold temperature discharging the battery, no doubt accelerated by the increased ingress of cold air due to the speed. But I'm sure @Matthew Cornelisse could knock up an in flight battery warmer ;-) @ Rudy: and then there is always "Resistance is Futile...." I like the way you think (lol). I actually thought about using the lines from ED-209 from Robocop. But I checked it and it says "Please put down your weapon". Most burglars here probably won't have a weapon in hand when breaking in. But ED-209's voice would be pretty intimidating ;-) hey Ivan, thanks for responding to all my questions a while back! regarding the 180 and 360 degree panoramas, will the Zano spin around in place and shoot just one row of images, or will there be a more advanced algorithm to have the Zano lean forward and backward to be able to shoot multiple rows of images to achieve greater vertical height in the narrow panorama? if its only feasible to shoot one row of images, will there be a way to mount the camera vertically in the Zano to achieve a greater vertical field of view in the panorama? thanks, mark @creator, thanks for the response on the camera angle. A manually adjustable tilt would be sufficient for my plans. Would be good to see a fish-eye lens or remote tilt function available as a future upgrade. @Rudy, @Andreas, reminds me of the flying scanners in Half Life 2: <url>"Unauthorized person detected", "Charging weapons", "Target acquired", "You have 30 seconds to vacate the premises", etc ;-) improve even better by doing (Top)-,control,+,- on one leg and (Top)+,-,+,bat charge in + *needed to balance out copper on traces. Also better not beer @Paul pcb can be quite strong. You can even get aluminum core boards. @creator if you move h bridge and decoupling capacitor out to motor housing you will reduce noise and give yourself any easy place to charge zano on stand. in fact if doing 4 layer pcb you can improve even beer by doing (Top)-,control,+,- on one leg and (Top)-,+,-,bat charge in + this would allow you to use traces as small cap and give you a simpler charging circuit. To self align a base with triangles coming up could be used. @Ivan: regarding a thermal camera option: it might be worth trying to contact Seek Thermal company (<url>"Tracking of a set target through image processing" will allow Zano to track my dog? I like the idea of it following her round the garden (She's just about gotten used to the robot lawnmower now). Was just wondering , i tend to look way ahead on certain things and i have found myself looking once again but beyond zano.. You mentioned sparrow, is that going to be available for the average consumer or just police/military/corporation's? If its going to be consumer product will it be a kickstarter project and will the backers you have now and future ones get an email letting us know its a project thats upcoming? Cause from what i've seen on the comment section alone i imagine that your next venture into the kickstarter world will probably be funded with in hours. As for me just because of the great communication/commitment/accessibility you have had with us all, you have won me over as a loyal and diehard fan and customer and i would be more than willing and happy to pledge to another project.. All i ask if at all possible, Give me/us some advanced notice .. Please !!!� i'm sure i wouldn't be the only one upset if i missed out on the sparrow or any future product you may have.. Thanks again .. Ive looked all over kickstarter and have found that you have set the bar fairly high as far as just the communication alone is concerned.. Keep it up and can't wait till june!!!!! You said, that the communication is by using WiFi and TCP-Protocol. Is it possible to connect the Zano to a WLAN-Bridge and control is thru the Network? In combination with a inductive charging-station, it would be possible to place it somewhere in the world and use VPN to connect to the Network it is in and control it, to use it as a flying survilance camera. Thanks again for your answers. I have been backing Kickstarter projects on and off for several years now (more than 30 so far) and this has been the best in terms of communication so far. I've seen several comments about a docking/charging station. I'm not sure if this has been answered yet, but how would that work? If I understand correctly, charging is done through a (mini/micro) USB port. I think it would be really difficult to automatically insert a USB plug into the port after or during landing. Inductive charging would probably take longer and require special hardware inside the Zano, which could probably be too heavy. I see Oliver is also asking about this. Another question I have is how long will the batteries last when only using the camera and not flying? Or only a short flight, land and then just using the camera? Assuming this is possible. I seem to remember you saying something like 90% of the battery drain is due to the motors, so just using the camera and Wifi would mean more than an hour battery life? This might be a bit left field: But what about a self docking charging station for repeat trips / shots without human intervention? Wireless charging? still related to paul question and your answer, that mean we need to adjusted the camera on the ground first before we launch it, and how far we can tilt the angle of the camera ie degrees..thanks @Creator, thanks for answering the Camo case question. And thanks for the constant feedback on all our questions. 2 responses a day is great. Post funding I expect you will have to reduce the frequency of the responses - you'll be very busy! @creator, in the promo video you show how Zano can hold position and take a picture when the guy in the bicycle passes by, how is this achieved? motion sensing kinda feature or is it a snapshot from a continuous video? timer? thank you! @creator, quick question regarding the lack of tilt function on the camera. How was the image captured in the promo video of the person on top of the cliff and the other in the water below? From the images of the Zano it looks as if the camera module is facing straight ahead, without a wide angle lense I'm not sure how you got the shot, even with the windowing function. Did the Zano tilt it's main body? @creator...Thanks for the reply...Thermal imaging camera? Wow thats very cool!! ZANO..."The possibilities are endless" I'm Doubly excited now...hehehe @creator: First off thanks for the great follow up, like you have a daily routine to check and repond to comments, I have a daily routine to read your feedback. It's impressive to see the level of commitment, although it sounds straightforward when you ask people to back your project, it isn't always like this. I have a question, but it isn't directly about the Zano project, more about the future of the Torquing Company. I've seen on your website, you have other nano UAV's planned and already in use but I'm wondering, when the Zano project will have reached production, do you also plan to build larger UAV's? I'm certain with the expertise you have and gathered for nano UAV's you would be in a great position to build a bigger size drone. It would be interesting to see what would come out of it. You already manage to prop more capabilities in the Zano than large scale UAV's. I realize the research and data you gather for the Zano won't all be applicable on a larger version and will require additional work, but you could reuse some of the tools, like the SDK for example, some parts of the firmware like the follow me option, the obstacle avoidance, the route planning, come home, ... I'm ready to back this project as well if it would happen :) I guess the legal aspect plays a role in here as well. By the way, there is a great app already out there to plan a flight path and with other options, Droidplanner2. It is primarily used for another company, but as it's open-source, I was wondering if there are any plans on using it or maybe it was reviewed and dismissed. I'm not a developer, I wish, so wouldn't be able to adapt it myself :) Thanks guys for this project, I'm glad I joined in somewhere on the second or third day and I get to see this grow and evolve. It's a pleasure. Just a quick question to confirm: does the family pack include 4 spare batterys? its not much. Been working on a hardware project for zano mainly. I do so far have the basic structure laid out and some of the mathematical components like distance between 2 way points ect. This is first project like this published so bear with me if it is a little sparse to start off with. My assumptions and they may be bad is that controlling zano by gps location and compass direction you want it to point may make most sense. but without white paper on zano it is impossible to know. I included tilt in orientation in case they ever get a tilt camera. <url>#). Hope that helps. These guys really DEFINE malleable, almost to a fault. Most Creators would have struggled so mightily getting ONE camera to work and once they found one, that would be that. In this case, they really want to meet everyone's needs/suggestions. I hope that this A) helps and B) is correct. (g) @Leon re: @Creator remembering all the promises. That won't be a problem because the Creator is actually an AI computer that appears to be fooling most backers into believing that it's a person. As long as nobody trips over his cord, he'll/it'll remember (g). @creator Why don't u adds pledge for a separate better camera? Or even other add ins. I understand u want to sell it afterwards on the website. however, those add on pledges will make backers happy to spend more now, give a push to acquire new funders plus more cash for you as startup when the campaign ends....just some thoughts... I think if you would promise us the moon and the stars that would probably satisfy everyone LOL @creator I hope you've pulled in an intern (on living wage, naturally) to remind you guys of all these extras, add-ons and upgrades you've commited to over the last 650 comments ;-) This user's account has been deleted. @David Wilson I do not work for them. But hey have stated they will be supporting ios so should work on ipad Thanks for the info, Matt. Something that I was also wondering and I suspect that it could, that it be controlled with an iPad. As this will work with a GoPro. @creator, while flying Zano can you point a specific place in your iphone screen where Zano can go...example you touch a house in the screen can Zano go there...Thanks!! @David Wilson avi is the industry standard for video. Apple does not like using standards hence the stupid need to convert to mp4 which is an apple only standard. As long as you stick with mac's you will have to change formats from what everyone else uses. Hi Ivan, that's great news regarding the case WiFi extention. Was thinking to just not buy another case just with antenna (especially having the limited edition ones) maybe it would be possible to add some empty slots in the cases already being made ( doesn't need to be solely dedicated to that, could be chosen by backers which addon to get from your website and include on the carry case) Thank you for a very thorough answer! Is there anyway to upgrade the camera to a higher resolution at this time? @creator, many thanks fo another swift and good answer re my question about prop guards. You guys are the best, I've never seen such enthusiasm oozing out of the comments section of a kickstarter project and that is down to you guys responding to each and every comment as you do. I take my hat off to you and just assume that you don't have any day job (let alone a life) ;) Keep up the good work and many thanks. Neve seen so much mail on any of my Kickstarts. I fired of a question last night, but fear that it is still flying around somewhere. I'd like to know, if the camera will be as good as say the Mobius 1080, and hopefully better than the Fly6 bike camera light, that was my last sponsorship. Also the Fly6 takes video in the AVI format, that to edit in say iMovie, has to be converted to an MP4 or similar. So to sum up, I hope that the camera will not leave to much to wish for and that the file format is something that can be used and not have to convert or just play in VLC. I have been looking through a lot of the mails and don't know how you find the time to give all the answers @Larry J. Geguzis in an email he sent me he said he would be back at a computer Friday so I would not worry uni then. No posts today from the Creators? I hope that there wasn't a problem with their trip. It's going on 9 pm in Wales. An unintended consequence of their being SOOO on top of replies to the comment section ( read: I'm spoiled)(g) One idea I have is to be able to autonomously fly a fixed path from point A to point B. Land, recharge and then fly back. Video record the trip there and back. Of course, a special landing pad with recharging contacts would be created to facilitate if this is possible as a DIY mode. Bob Thanks Ivan, you're the best. I am looking forward to putting the ZANO through its paces and coming up with something interesting via the SDK. Thanks Bob @Sheri E Stefano Bellelli no problem. I love designing stuff like that. @matthew I just try to be extra safe :p Thank you so much!! @Saheri E Stefano Bellelli i don't think prop protection will be necessary since the device has object avoidance but when they publish the cad files I will make this for you if they don't. i dont know if it got answered somewhere: Whats the max load/weight Zano can carry / lift? There was this ideas to have some different modules (cam & display) to choose from. Is there some weight buffer calculated in? so with the increased (30%) power of the motors does the max weight increase too? Any sugestion on site for developing libraries as community @Andreas Vogel and development community. To help with compatible code I will publish my libraries before I go to bed. Just backed this project. My friends and I run a small fishing blog (which i won't promote here for obvious reasons) so wanted this for some aerial footage. I'm still a bit skeptical that this can record stable video without a 2 or 3 axis gimble. I know software can only do so much and I'm hoping for smooth aerial HD video footage. Also, I'm hoping it can withstand some sand from the beaches we will be fishing from. Thoughts? Looking at the zano, it seems like could be "easy" to apply some cylinders (with the base fitting at the base of rotors or under propellers) around the propellers +1 @Sheri Bellelli re prop guards. My experience with a Hubsan was that if you hit something without the guards a prop tended to fly off and could get lost (particularly outside); with the prop guards on that didn't happen. So, any plans to include prop guards? After a reply confirming that the minimum 'follow-me' range will be 1 meter, I have now officially pledged to this project. This is an amazing peice of technology that I just can't wait to get my hands on! As a performer at conventions and events, this will help me create amazing promotional videos! Thank you so much Torquing Group and thank you Ivan for being so helpful and answering questions diligently! Thank you Grant and Phil, satisfied. @creator Is it possibility that you upgrade do a optical stabilation cam like new Smartphones have? @creator I think an update is the need of the hour. Along with video and some smaller but possible stretch goals as the funding rate has reduced. @creator What about add to zano some protections to propellers? In order to have safer indoor flight? (As well out door). Was reading posts about losing zano and how to track it. Couldn't you add a feature that when zano detect out of range it just try to move in the same direction it was previously moving too (like autopilot to find range again) then auto fly back to cell phone. Can it follow indoor and through dorways? Greetings Ch @Phil - got our wires crossed there, at least there are helpful people on this project ;) @Oliver Shallcrass - here you go <url>#chart-exp-trend Big thumbs up for the range extender, but is gonna be custom hw or an off the shelf wifi router? Hey creater... Great solution on the "lost" zano. Flashing lights with lost connection etc (or the ability to activate the "find" function even if the device is still talking to the tablet) combined with the map location function would solve that problem i think. Good solution! Almost work crashing it in some brush to see how it works... Almost Has anyone (creator perhaps) got visibility of the deceleration of pledges since the start and therefore got the ability to predict the end sum? Just out of interest really. Also, what is the expected churn with these projects, again aimed at the creator I suppose - We can see the overall increase, but not what it is made up of. I love data. I had a rather cheesy thought the other day to have a string of Zano's either spelling out or scrolling across all their screens some kind of message 'Will you marry me? (even though I sold the car for Zano's)' kind of thing. @Creators; You've mentioned a few times that the production motors will be 30% more powerful than the ones you are using in development. Forgive a lay question, but wouldn't it be more prudent for the development platform to reflect the stronger motors so they aren't just another variable that pops up its own new set of surprises? I'm just guessing that the stronger motors have been tested to convince you that they are the way to go when they are available - but that they aren't available just yet. Just curious. Be well and safe trip. I too would love to see an early alpha version of the SDK. Also, if at all possible, it would be nice to have a sort of Zano simulator. I'm not talking about a "game" with 3d engine etc, but a program you can run and use the SDK on, which will give appropriate replies. This will make it so much easier to test a program while you're working on it without having to change batteries often or having to be in the location you're programming it for. Good morning Ivan, I had a chuckle when i read that you were writing your detailed long answer on your tablet in a car on the way to the airport. Awesome. RESPECT! Your ways here infected me 2 weeks ago when i joined - feeling fever every day more - and according to some other posts I'm not the only one. As a software developer and due to other posts here from developers I can definitely encourage you to give us even an early alpha version of the SDK (again I mean the network protocol API, not any language binding library). I'd love to see the communication basics. I'm interested what type of commands are available, how unsoliticed messages are sent, how the video stream is setup and transferred and so on. It doesn't matter if details will be changed even in a non backward compatible way or if the documentation is light. As software developers we're quite used to that and we're flexible enough to live with it ;-) Since I joined I'm thinking about writing a library and software and this hunger needs some meat :-P Your plus could be and most likely will be that you'll receive valuable feedback like you already do here. About the survey: I just got confused coz you wrote that you'll send out a survey at the end of the campaign which i thought is Jan 8 and that i need to answer quickly then. Thanks for the answer - it's clear now and perfect. @Creator: You said earlier you didn't recommend flying the Zano in rainy weather. Can you elaborate further on this matter; Is it possible to improve the weather sealing, either by the user or at your end? Or would there be weight issues? Just a thought, regarding the WIFI Extender, depending on the size, maybe it would be even possible to integrate it in a case, so that no additional stuff would be needed carry, just press a button, take the Zano and done? @Creater Thanks a lot. It's very clear for me. No more questions. I wish you could success your project on the drone. @Creator, I haven't seen this answered yet - apologies if it has been. Will the Zano Camo case be equivalent to the Premium case or the £25 case? Thanks. any plans in making the frame from carbon fiber?? or even the blades? @Creator - thanks for the change in the response format, really think it helps keep things in context. Had a thought from the find my Zano idea, if uncontrolled decent is detected will the motors automatically shut off, say 3 or 4m from the nearest surface? Could prevent some damage on crashes and maybe prevent people from getting cuts from the blades etc? Also if the Zano is recording 1080 to the microSD card, will there be a way to upload this to the phone / tablet after flight and then onto the HPC? I understand this couldn't be done in real time but after the flight it could be possible? Thanks Any thoughts of making the RGB 8*8 pixel front display and camera modular? This way one could purchase a higher resolution camera or OLED display module at a later date. @Matthew Cornelisse Unfortunately that is the special requirement in Japan. All Wi-Fi equipment sold in Japan must have the Radio Equipment Conformity Certificate. So I would like ZANO to know that. Besides I am in the process of selling stuff to buy more zanos. I have sold my 3d printer, a tone of dice on <url>"find my zano" issue would be to attach a Hiro "bluetooth thing finder" to it (see <url>"shake" will be visible on the video and how well does the Zano stabilize itself in gusty winds? Can you post a few clips showing us how various wind and weather conditions affect the stability of the video? @Creator Through the uploading of files to your cloud, you will be collating huge amounts of data. What data, if any, will you retain when I have uploaded my video for processing and how do you anticipate using it? Not only delivering a great product, but also a master-class in social engagement. @Ben - Kickstarter Reviews I totally agree. The comments and answers have become completely engaging, both educational and informative. I find myself checking two or three times a day, and its always sufficiently interesting to hold my attention until I am completely up to date with the new additions. This project is by far my favourite so far, a fantastic product with a passionate team behind it. I really enjoy coming along to read up on new updates and great new ideas being discussed amongst everyone. Thoroughly engaging! About "Find my Zano": yes, Ivan, would be a nice option that a crashed/lost Zano makes noise and light (enabled/disabled), but that doesn't help when not having any juice in the battery or if the Zano is somehow damaged. My first thoughts about that feature when I read the idea first time were that the app is just taking the last known GPS position of the Zano and directs the user to that position. Alternatively the app could even start Google Maps or any other navigation app with the coordinates ;-) At minimum the app should offer to copy the coordinates into the copy/paste buffer of the device so that the coordinates can be used without the need typing them into another app. Anyway, shouldn't be a big deal programming this feature. Hi Ivan, thanks a lot for your answers and that you'll think about early SDK release. It could be a great chance for you too to get more ideas and even to attract more people to buy Zano because of a hopefully huge community providing apps and tools for it. Anyhow, I wish for all of us to reach even the ultimate stretch goal. Zano is an absolutely amazing project and I can feel that for you guys it's much more than just ordinary business. You missed to answer the question at the end of my last post: "Another point: you mention that you'll send out a survey at the end of the campaign. What will be the time window to answer that survey and to add additional items?" I'm asking coz I'll not be able to answer mails in January. Can you say smth about that? Hi, super impressed both by the miniature concept of the Zano and by your responsiveness to questions/comments and I can't wait to get mine for a trip to Alaska. With regard to a fisheye lens for the camera, if you don't ship initially with that, will it be an easy add on and, going on from that, how do you see post-processing of videos working? You seem to be suggesting both a cloud based option (will that be linked to an account?) and a PC app. What are your plans? @creator Thanks for what looks to be an amazing project. Full marks on the communication and the videos. If you managed to keep the level of communication going this will be a fun journey where even the laymen among your backers will learn things :D QUESTION - Given that the drone is restricted to a certain height , how will it respond to a situation like in the video where you fly it off a high level - Building rooftop, cliffside etc Thanks for all the information and good luck on smashing 2 million ! Fozza @creator. Just wanted to say a massive crongrats on how this is taking shape, from start to finish you've been brilliant with updates and comments. I really like your limited edition 'camo zano'. How about a nod to the RAF and have Red Arrows version 'Red Zarrows'. Especially having a bunch of them flying in formation. Anyway this is just the ramblings of a mad man, I need sleep. Good Luck! Would be great of you could answer my question about the camouflage Zano Case. Just for clarification. Thanks +1 for the "find my zano" feature. @creator Yup! I can wait the new zano coming out . No need to see pics/video now if you are gonna receive and updated zano :) thank u! What about a "Find my Zano" option in the mobile app? In case Zano falls from the sky uncontrolled and i can't see where it hits the ground it would be nice to have locator funcionality like "Find my iPhone" :-) @creator Can we see just unedited videos and pics??? *to play with it or to give suggestions +1 for early SDK Give us the chance to play or give suggestions as soon as possible - I do not even care if there are changes that break compatibility to earlier versions... (since you totally need to expect that in a early access/alpha access ;-) .. ) It will do both Hi Matthew. Perhaps someone already asked this question but will de Zano record video on to the SD card? Or only record video directly in your iPhone via streaming? Thanks! @Matthew...Thanks for the answer! Regarding the motors...what is the approximate lifespan? @Arnel Teh they have not tested motors to destruction yet. Thanks Matthew for the answer...regarding the motors...what is the lifespan? Is it brushless? Thanks!! @Arnel Teh they can't extended battery life segnificsntly because added weight of bigger batteries increases current draw decreasing battery life. There will be a multi battery battery charger available and option to buy more batteries. I hope to get 10 extra so I can get 3 hours run time Can you consider a higher capacity battery for longer flight time...maybe 30 minutes or more and a longer flight range maybe 100 meters or 200 meters...Thanks!! I'm very excited on my zano...Cheers!! +1 to Andreas Vogel if the communication protocol is finalised or even mostly finalised I would happily right an open source java library to support it for free. Save your money for better cameras and let the development community handle it. @Creator: can you please, please, please see to sticking to your delivery estimation? I have a great event next year July in which I want to use Zano: the biggest walking event in the world: The 4days of Nijmegen. Some 40.000 people all around the world walk 30, 40 or 50 km's each day. I would love to see the Zano in action, from the side above, following the crowd, with me and my daughter in it. Not nearly as technical a question as some of the others but I am curious if the camo version will ship at the same time as the white/black models or if it will be a little behind in production. All three say June 2015 but theres 4 weeks of play there. +1 For early release of SDK!!! ;) Good morning everyone. Thanks for the frequent updates as usual. I have one more question however. Does the Zano only rely on WiFi to receive instructions? I've been wondering if I could use my 2.4 gHz radio controller to fly Zano. Cheers! This user's account has been deleted. Good morning Ivan, according to the stretch goal list you're planning to release the SDK at release date in June if reaching 1 million. IMHO you should think about releasing the SDK (in this case the network protocol API) even much more earlier in order to motivate programmers to think about programming applications and giving them time for implementation so that third party software might be available at launch or at least shortly after it. It would further help brainstorming for potential use cases and, at least in my case, I would happily get the answer to quite a lot of technical questions on how the communication works. From your last post I learned that there will be a separate network channel for life video transfer. But e.g. how are unsolicited messages transfered? What is the update interval? What unsolicited messages are available (e.g. GPS position, heading, altitude, temperature, battery status, memory status, etc. ?)? Is it possible to set a filter which messages are sent and/or in what interval? When giving the Zano a list of commands is it possible to query which step it is doing right now and is it possible to abort the execution of the remaining command list? The above questions are just a few examples what is on my mind since I backed my Zano, Of course i don't ask for detailed information here - I know here's not the right place ;-) In one answer to me you mentioned a developer forum - when will it be available? Another point: you mention that you'll send out a survey at the end of the campaign. What will be the time window to answer that survey and to add additional items? Thanks a lot for your exceptional good support and information here!! @Bjoern, given the quality product the Torquing Group is putting out, it's a safe bet that the camo Ltd Edition case will have the same spare slots and holders in it as the other Ltd Edition case. They had mentioned before that even in the normal case they will be using every bit of available space to throw in spaces for all of your extras. Hope that helps until they can come and answer your question fully! CD @Creator if I could make a small suggestion, firstly you communication is great, best I've seen on KS by a long shot, well done! Just wonder if when you answer questions in the comments, could you maybe paste the question above the answer? It would make it a bit easier to read through (not that I'm looking at this every day, well...maybe) Thanks There has been a question in the comments abtut the update of the camouflage Zano that sonne might wann to be answered: Will the limited edition camouflage carry case be like the limited edition carry case? (In terms of materials and a place where you can put your spare batterie and the Zano fuel) Will there be options to add money to the existing pledges to get extra stuff? Like add 30$ to get extra carry case, extra 10$ for proppellors for example? @Matthew Cornelisse thank you once again. What you said makes sense but i have one question you said something about the screen size, the one my daughter has its the hdx which is a 7" screen and the resolution if I'm not mistaken is 1080. It's also reassuring and nice to know that the zano community is here to help each other and the product .. Glad i made the pledge. @Jose Rodriguez there is an option in the setup to load apps from other sources. Android apps have many different flags the developer can set which restric devices that can use the app. For example they can restric to only devices running android 4.2 or greater. Google play will not let you download an app if the developer has flaged your setup as not appropriate. Loading from external source does not check this so yes not all apps will run correctly. However if you talk to the developer they will often help fix the problem if you can provide them with what is going wrong. Most problems you will likely run into with the fire will be do it's screen size. Long story short myself and others will happily try to make are android apps work on kindle fire if we can. It makes it a little harder though when that is not one of the devices I have to test it on. @Matthew Cornelisse thank you for answering , but i know that Amazon apps won't run on my tablet (lg g pad 8.3) just like Google play store apps won't run on Amazon tablets such as the kindle fire hdx , unless it's side loaded and even then sometimes they won't work correctly. Apple and amazon only work correctly on their own systems.. That's why I'm hoping that it will be available in the Amazon app store... @Alvin You if I'm not mistaken all levels will have the extra battery and more.. But look at the rewards section and read through the comment section it should answer fully your question and a few more .. If you're still not sure they are really good at answering everyone's questions and email.. Does the $189 option come with a spare battery? Can we buy more batteries during the survey? @Jose Rodriguez The kindle fire runs android os and should be able to run any app developed for android devices. Hey does anyone know and forgive me if it's been asked i just haven't seen anything on it... I would like to know if the app will be available On Amazon? I'm getting two one for my daughter and one for myself but she has a kindle fire hdx ... So I'm kinda hoping it's going to be available to all platforms ,since i know they are working on Windows and it will be available on ios and android. Also i gotta admit i hella excited can't wait till summer. � @creator I'm sure this is already what you do but whenever you make an update it would be nice if you could include a list of changes or additions that is made to the Zano because it has been too hard to keep up with the comments and the suggestions from us backers. There's just been too many comments to keep up with! (Which isn't a bad thing!) seeing how you have been taking a lot of our suggestions and making changes/ additions :) I might have missed someone mention this but does anyone know if it would be possible to live stream video direct from Zano on the internet? Obviously if it was in range of a wifi router @ Matthew Cornelisse That makes me feel bit better =} Hey David, Your getting the best deal as your getting Zano at the cheapest price, so I'm really glad I got in there early like you. The good news is you get a full set of extra propellers and 1 extra battery as standard within the pledge you have selected. @David Arkapaw I am pretty sure you get extra props. Im feelin a bit left out as a super early bird backer =[ Charger sticks, extra propellors cool carry cases...now Camouflage ? Shooting way over the goals, would be nice to at least get an extra set of propellors or something.. -Had a shit week, came here hoping to get cheered up with an exciting gift. Sorry >< - @creator - I had a question on autonomous flight capability to allow zano to fly a set of waypoints and possibly setting a Point Of Interest (POI) in which the nano autonomy will keep the camera pointed at the POI as it flies its mission based on waypoints plotted on a map. What a great update for a modular camera solution! I just hope that module exactly works the same way as the standard camera regarding 360degree and 180degree panoramic photography and possible raw output, but my guess you plan it to be exactly like that anyway, Ivan. I support Guiseppe on the question on when you plan to have the "highres camera module" ready. I've got one more question for the programming side and hope this hasnt been discussed before. With sdk you are talking about androidapp/iosapp development, right? I hoped of having a chance to write command lines and load them into your ios app to be executed. Thanks for being so close and answering everybodies questions! Thanks for this amazing project! @Sheri E Stefano Bellelli currently able to do 720p HD video and 5mp pictures. There are some videos it took in story section. Though they have been post processed for stability @ creator Is it possible to see some photo by zano? I didn't understand if zano is able to take videos or not :s 100k to go This user's account has been deleted. Good evening Torquing Group, is it going to be possible to have some sorts of addons like spare battery, spare set of propellers, standard Zano carry case for the super early backers who pledged 139? If so, is this is going to be done by using backerkit or do we need to just increads our pledge now to reflect our wanted addon values? Also if how much we need to add for each addon? Thanks for the amazing ZANO Awesome explanation on the camera! Glad to hear there will be other options available in terms of the camera. Thanks cabal it = capabilities @Oliver Shallcrass this will work without being attached to the cloud. As for updates there will be outcry if you need to pay yearly to keep it going. It has said every time "updates" which means if they develop swarm cabal it 13 months after launch you will have to pay if you want it. Hey I have a lay question and after a lay answer - Will this have all the functionality stand-alone, or does it need to connect to your cloud? Will there be recurring annual costs after the first 12 months or is this just to upgrade? Will the device work indefinitely without losing functionality without upgrading? What kind of things will the upgrade be? Thanks! Love the device. Any idea how expensive it mat be to upgrade to 23mp? Also you can fix USD card write speed issues by requiring u3 or better card as a u3 card is fast enough to handle 4k video and they are not that bad. I just bought a 64gb one from SanDisk for $50 I also switched from the white to the black Zano, when a few came available. But I am torn between the black and the white one. On the idea of a landing pad. Can the clamshell case be used as a landing pad, as it will be carried with the Zano already. Is that too small a target? Quick question on software. Will it be possible to set presets for the landing lights and LED display from launch? For example, could I have a preset "Night Mode" where the landing lights would illuminate in a certain way, with the flash on by default - or some other configuration? Typo-alert" ,ay = may (g) Regarding the concerns about the 5 mp camera, I need to wax philosophical for a moment. Isn't the point of kickstarter to crowd-fund nascent technology that otherwise might never (no pun intended) get off the ground? I don't remember if the very first smart phones even had a camera, and if they did, I'm guessing that they weren't 13 mp. Fortunately, those companies had enough backers (investment capital) to get those modest first runs out the door. Nowadays smart cameras do everything except chew your food for you. I understand if people shy away from a project that doesn't yet totally meet their needs, but those folks are, in a sense risking that that "perfect" device ,ay never be available. I definitely not knocking nonparticipants! I'm just voicing Kudos for the backers who are willing to roll the dice with the belief that this is just the first step in something that will continue to acquire even greater skills. Just my 2 pence. Just upgraded from black with special case to camo...to fit my uniform! Anyone interested to pick the special case I had should do it quick... I'm glad you guys added camo zano, because I wanted the black one with limited ed. carry case and it was sold out. Some people upgraded their pledges and now I managed to snatch it! It seems to me the black zano has way more people interested in it than the white! I really like the concept of Kickstarter - I have 'hovered' on the sidelines for a few months, finally taking the plunge 3 weeks ago. Zano is my second pledge, my first being Pico, a clever time lapse widget for my dslr camera. I like the way that the Zano guys involve their 'pledgers' in the development process and listen to their feedback which is very refreshing in todays hi-tech world. I look forward to reading the comments and replies each day knowing that I am now part of the project which is a nice feeling. Thanks guys. Just reread the story, and found my answer, it already has flash capabilities @Creator thanks for the explanation, makes perfect sense. Also +1 for @Matthew's idea for breakout board support, if possible. I can think of some very neat projects to put together using the Zano. The inclusion of this feature may also open up a market in the Maker community. Keep up the good work! Also they have addressed the 5MP camera issue some seem to still have. Weight and cost. The camera has window capabilities so the drone can pan and tilt to compile a larger image. Hope this helps people who are unsure of this. I realize this will probably not be a feasible suggestion due to limitations of weight and battery consumption, but I say it anyway. What is the feasibility of adding a LED flash? I agree with stefan. I would really like to see the mp on the camera be brought up. 5mp just isn't enough to take beautiful pictues videos. This is what we buy these drones for is to take pictures and videos. I have confidence in you guys and know you will follow through with a better camera...hopefully tiltable too. @Bosco: THANKS! @Larry: go to "Story" scroll right down you should find it under a Bold stretch goals header I have a newbie question that anyone may help with: Where are the stretch goals listed? This is the first project I've backed, so a little help please? TIA. @Stefan unfortunately they can not update or chabge pledges once people have selected them. They do cover this in the FAQ section. The only addition from the pledges are the extra set of propellers and 1 extra battery for every purchase of a Zano. Congratulations! You just reached the ONE-MILLION DOLLAR limit :-) My comment probably won't matter that much in this ocean of feedback, but, as far as I'm concerned, the camera was a major issue. I mean... the first time I saw this project, I didn't want to back it when I saw that 5MP camera... My current (and previous) phone features a 13MP camera, even the iPhone has an 8MP camera, 5MP seems way too low as I'd like to use the Zano to take beautiful, detailed pictures (and video). In the end, I decided to take a chance and I'm now backing the project, but I think a lot of people might walk away from this like I did initially because of the camera. It's probably too late to make any changes to the hardware now, but maybe you should consider an upgrade once the Zanos with this configuration have been shipped. One more thing: please take the time to update the pledges! I've spotted some promises in the comments that are not mentioned in the pledges and now I don't even know what exactly I'm going to receive and that's going to be VERY frustrating if I'll have to choose add-ons and such at some point in the future... +1 for Lukas' comment. Just another thought, should we have another stretch goal in between 1M and 2M since the 2M is not a big motivator as i believe only the minority would use the swarming ability? Can we have a demo of the video recording capabilities? Hd or full hd? We should look for a better camera quality instead of the camo. Just my opinion I would really love to take nature shots I could use for prints. There have been a lot of questions about fancy upgrades, but I have a basic question. If the Zano loses its signal or gets low on power it will land. If it doesn't land right next to me, how can I find it? Will I be able to use my phone (controller) to locate it? I have a couple of friends that have lost small drones when this happened. Earlier in the comments section they said every Zano will come with 1 x spare battery and 1 set of four propellers. Hi. In the latest update you spoke about adding a spare set of propeller blades to the "camo" package, however, I did not see these listed in the description of the package. Please explain. Thanks. Do you add spare parts of propellars to every package?? @Timo Kohler not yet but they said they would add a hover as long as possible option for this reason. @crater I realise there are no extra pins. The heads I speak of would be in parallel with the display pins. This way there would be an easy way for 3rd parties to make expansion boards. The display would have to be removed and new shell made to give room for added electronics. Could make things like thermal data logger, multi camera recorder, ect. @creator Does it have lights to assist when flying in night time? and What happens to Zano if it lets say falls and gets damaged, would there be a warranty available for purchase after the campaign or like a repair fee depending on you receiving and doing an observation of item? Loving that camo! @creator The spare set of propellers are there with every zano right. Not just with Zano Camouflage edition? @Creator Regarding the automatic landing function: In the case the drone is flying over a small lake and it will loose the connection to the phone. Will it land in the water or is there any function implemented to avoid this? maybe some may asked the same question already, but I just would like to know that you have to hold the position of ZANO every time you take a video or not? can you shoot a video while ZANO is moving? Fantastic, can't wait to see what new rewards you have coming up and I look forward to the new videos. I would say to those thinking of snowboarding / skiing videos. Just remember the battery will be the biggest problem in this environment and will probably only offer a reduced flight time. Nothing you can do really as it's just the nature of battery technology! Keeping my batteries for my DSLR in a warm pocket tends to help slightly. @Creator What will be the view angle of the camera? I hope it will be170 degrees like most action cams work with. Have we reached a decision on the camera and a the lens? I would live to see some wide angle lens on it over the fish eye one. Just a thought, maybe it would be good to release another video with some Zano cool stuff as to keep the inertia of backers backing this project, as backers per day are declining a bit. I hope to take mine on my skying trips!! Also is there any extra room in the case or do I need to make taller case to add an expansion module? You should add 2 light weight header's to the top of the board so expansion modules can be attached. Need access to spi port and power. 2 headers so they are all that is needed to hold in place. Could allow for future camera modules like I sugested Hello, Yours was the first project I have funded on kickstarter and I am very excited to about the Zano. I think a good additional reward would be a battery and propeller combo for around $10-$20 that could be bundled with the shipping of the Zano. It would be nice to have those extras right from the start, in case the flyzano.com store is backlogged. I like Larry's idea of a somewhat modular system. At least for the camera if it could designed to be easy to remove and plug in a upgraded version in the future, then the issue of a perfect camera now isn't as big. Though a tilt feature at launch would be great if possible. To charge a battery outside of the Zano, you say I would I need an attachment, what specifically is it, and is there any way to include one. I like the Zanofuel stick, and I like how it will all fit in the carry case, making a very portable system. I would really like to see more videos. The collision avoidance would be great to see, and how the landing is handled. It sure is fun watching the pledges grow by the hour. I think you have hit on a market need! Just wanted to give my viote to range extender and HD camera. As a snowboarder it would be great to have the Zano fly ahead of of me while I ride with the camera shooting (back) me. Not sure if i read in the comments that this would be possible? if so, how would it keep up with my turns, and not just keep going ahead while I have cut left/right (if that makes sense?). Thanks ! @Creator will the post Kickstarter opportunities to buy parts and add Zanos to your order be counted toward the stretch goals? Thanks in advance. @jasse cyanogenmod and other mods can run android code same as stock android. You can use playstore or use any other download place by enabling other sources. @Creators: Hi guys. I'm watching all the discussion of different cameras as options being discussed and although I'm not highly skilled in the area, I AM interested in photography as a hobby. I really appreciate that your mind set is aiming to provide the very BEST product, with the best possible hardware that is affordable (due to bulk buys of all the components). PLEASE stay with that goal! With cameras I've gradually worked my way up the scale of cameras of better and better quality/features, until I'm now verging on a "prosumer" level. My point is, maybe marketing could look at some modular features that could be offered (at a higher price) in which higher featured cameras could be popped in to meet niche markets/needs. You could do the chassis/camera mods, add that to the price of the Zano, and Viola! A pro would have their needs met. Maybe someone works in very damp environs,, so you have a (nearly water-proof) "Jungle Mod pkg , or someone works with handicapped kids and you'd have a "Built to withstand abuse" model. You get the idea. FIRST, get some green in the bank by meeting the masses' needs, then add, in effect almost custom models. Just a thought. Earn your first million first (g). Do you have plans to support cyanogenmod or other alternative Android distributions that can't use Google Play or Amazon Market ? Downloadable *.apk's would be nice. After the kickstArter finished will we be able to pick up spare battery's or zaps? Well I guess a camera module with dsp or fpga and micro sd card could be made by you or others to add these features. The spi interface could be use to control capture and timing. @Creator Point taken. What about the assembly dis-assembly options. Almost 400% funded. GREAT GOING GUYS @Creator, you're welcome. It's sad to see that other people like to make money with a scam. I saw a bunch of other Kickstarter projects. Indiegogo destroys there own platform by not verifying projects. Oh wait, they had an idea with insurance..... Since you are making 3d models available please add 5 extra camera jacks and gpio pins. Even of they don't work at first with firmware upgrades and new body we could use 2 cameras for 3d video or 6 with fish eye lenses to get 3.0 360x360 view. @creator Another suggestion would be to optimize the blade profile to optimize thrust. And make the assembling and disassembling faster by easier. Just a suggestion I guess my growl worked. as of 8 pm on this side of the pond the indigogo post is down again. @Gabriel Lamon the only feature I would use is an auto camera angle correct since it will know what angle the unit was at. Zano editing suite doesn't seem necessary , so many apps existing already to do this Please add function to transfer picture and video from sd card to the iPhone For next stretch goal would nice to for an improved cam like8 mpx, full hd recording and wide angle lens but not fisheye @Ben. I reported it on Indigo again And mentioned that it had been posted and busted on their site before. I guess we'll see what happens... Guys. Great to hear that you are looking to support Windows phone as standard. Another great thumbs up from me. Thank you! How on earth has it appeared on Indiegogo again, beyond me. You can expect it once but you would think Indiegogo would have measures in place to stop it from happening. You got a Zano copycat on Indiegogo! First off, thank you so much for your transparency and willingness to converse with the backers and their comments. Second, I was wondering, will their be options to add on to our pledges at the end on the survey? I would love to pledge for a few more Zano's, but I also don't want to relinquish my current pledge for a Limited Edition black Zano. Thank you, and congratulations on your fantastic product! CD @Dudley would increase weight and wind resistance Lotsa +'s for normal/tele lens instead of fisheye lens. What harm would it cause to piant this critter and what type of piant would be compatiabile with it? CAMO To view our Elk Herds in the NW USA. +1 for the range extender! Going of those last couple of ideas a a Zano of the future may include the wireless charging feature with a external battery incorporated within a landing pad :p. I obviously do not expect this on the first version but maybe an updated Zano in the future. Fantastic if you were rock climbing as you wouldn't have to replace the battery, simply carry on climbing as your Zano returns to landing pad to recharge. Since I just got a new Nokia Lumia 830 - I really hope that you will also bring out an app for Windows/Windows Phone. With the universal apps tools (like this one here: <url>"SDK". I am not sure if these functions (setting waypoints, actions, Google Maps integration ...) will be available directly on launch in the official app but feel confident that there will be an app by a developer using the SDK as this is such an obvious and great use case :) <url>"Zano Bucks"?) such that every pound pledged would be worth a point in the rewards system. Some folks might be willing to pitch in a few more bucks such that, even if they can't afford moving all the way to the next full rewards level, it'd be worth something in redeemable points (and you'd be closer to the next stretch goal). You'd need to come up with a menu of sorts so folks would have specific goals the could work toward WELL BEFORE the release e.g. 10 batteries, a charger with Zanos logo on it, etc. To sweeten the pot, maybe money pledged from 101 to 199 might be worth 2 pts, money from 200 to 299 3 pts, etc As I said, just a thought. The one caution I'd make is that you avoid linking the points to specific FEATURES e.g. range extender. In my mind features, should be things the *team* is working on developing. The points could be used toward things like an extra month of upgrades, or time on the computer, you get the idea. I know that at first blush, it sounds complicated, but I used these kinds of reward systems with emotionally disturbed kids (so come to think of it, it might be a great fit)(lol). It wouldn't be to different than some credit cards use to earn rewards (but this has the advantage of trying to bridge the gaps in donations between Levels of rewards. I guess old habits in shrinkery die hard. Be well. @Creator great project! I'm very impressed by the technology being used and your support for the developer community, of which I am apart. I would like to express my interest in the range extender. Also, if your marketing hasn't done so already, you may wish to post Zano's Kickstarter on Reddit. I believe the response from Reddit will be very favorable, especially in conjunction with how well you handle comments and questions. Keep up the good work! I'm excited to get my hands on Zano and its SDK. +as many points as I have for the range extender... Does Zano have to be in range of your of your phone's wifi or can you program Zano to fly by itself on a pre programmed flight and take pictures on root? +1 for a range extender Just to be sure, the Zano is compatible in the USA and with USA Andriod smartphones correct? I have a few questions .. On the charging of the batteries Will it have its own charger or can i use my own chargers for my tablets or could i buy a charger at a local store and if so does anyone have a suggestion on what kind or brand? Also as far as the updates do i need to to have my zanos connected to computer or will there be another way to update them? I ask cause i don't have a computer only tablets.. Thanks +2 for phone attachment for range extending!! Would be awesome if there would be a slot for it in the caring case as well! The spec sheet mentions A-GPS....can the controller phone upload assisted GPS data to Zano to speed up the fix? A 360 degree optical sensor, and narrow optical transmitter (laser diode) would be cool, so you can have dog fighting through the phone screen, if you have more than one zano - or friends :) Your creation is absolute amazing. I have two questions, I am sure you can answer me. First, i found your website where you offer your Zano and two other drones. One with brushless motors. Can you give me the website-address again, because I didn't find it anymore. Second ist, that I read about a removable LED-Matrix. I like the idea, to reduce weight. Maybe you can offer a part to close the opening or 3D-Data so it's possible to print a part for it. I don't know how the LED-matrix communicate. Maybe you can write down the specs to this "dock" can be used for cursors stuff. Would love a tiltable camera, looks like a lot of others want one too. @creator Adding support for GLONASS seems great. Was thinking that those zano fuel Chargers are pretty awesome , would it be possible to add them to some of the rewards that are or were limited? And just a thought the family pack i think could use a bit of something more cases , batteries , something anything. Just a thought could help push some more. Can IR commands be sent from the IR range finders. Could be used for useful and less useful purposes e.g. triggering a DSLR camera. Not suggesting for release, but would be a useful developer add-on.... every time Zano takes a photo it sends an IR command to trigger any DSLR in vicinity. This project looks great! Looking forward to future updates regarding specs, functions and software/firmware. A question though, is the GPS chip capable of receiving GLONASS signals as well, in order to lock to more satellites and getting a better coverage in the north? Would be cool if it was implemented! @Creator Possible extras in order of preference +1 for range extender add on +1 for multi-battery + charge add @Phil - great idea for the low level hover when battery low @creator A range extender and controllable tilt of camera will be great for me. Also, lens attachment will be awesome. How about a stripped down software version? For example a version where the app has a simple follow-me setting. So you launch the drone, set how far from you it should hover and then away you go. You could then offer an in-app upgrade to the fuller features. I'm just thinking because I'll probably use this use case 95% of the time. I won't downgrade my pledge now because I am so excited about the project, but something like this could, for example, be a great kids version, where you don't want to over-complicate the solution for them and you get to launch the product at a lower price point. Just launch, tap and go. :-) Just an idea. I need to watch au to correct. Higher not jigger Jigger reward with 10 extra batteries and 12 battery charger has been my vote for a while. :) We have talked about if you could change the angle of the camera up and down and have several positions to lock it in, here is my new idea: What if you add a little counter weight to the bottom of camera and you could set it to free moving position, then the angle would be the same whenever it's moving or not. Also, I'm strongly in for the idea of an add-on wide angle lens if the original field of view is not wide enough. Yes, I agree with Ben as well. I think the extra batteries would be good. @David Wheeler hell yeah! A range extender would be awesome! I agree with Ben - I know we already will get 1x battery and propellers. I like the idea of a multi-pack of 2x or 4x batteries and propellers so you can go into the field for a full afternoon of filming with just in case supplies. How about a custom Zano range extender that will clip to your phone or tablet as a reward or future option! rewards are allways conceivable ;-) : other sensors (8,11,13,20mp like Sony IMX 214 or other earlier dscussed ones); in case of Fisheye the Position of the lens should be changed so the Rotors and Motors are no longer in line of sight; the pano Feature: the zano could have a "program" to automatically take the pano, moving/turning to the next Image Position) and it could write an XML file on sdcard containing the imagepositions, imagenames, fov,lens,focal data, the gps data etc (papywizard is an open Format used for some panoheads that also can be used to Import in stitching Software like ptgui and autopano); whatelse? higher battery capacity is always welcome ;-) Liebe Grüße, Georg I think people in general really like rewards where they can get the most for their money in terms of extras and accessories. I know you will offer add ons at the end of the project but to increase your actual funding within the time limit I would suggest adding a reward level where you get Zano + case + 4 spare batteries + 4 full sets of spare propellers. Or something along those lines maybe? What does everyone else think? On another note I would offer Zano with a limited edition skin/colour so instead of standard black or white you make a company exclusive Zano which will never be replicated. Limit it to a couple of hundred and make it a bit more expensive. People love knowing they have a unique version of something. Just a couple of my ideas. I would certanly include more rewards in the 139-200 punds price range since its the most affordable one. About what to include in these rewards, I don't know. Can we please get it with voice commands? "Fetch me a coffe" Can't wait to my Zano, may I also provide some recommendation? 1. Focus on stability of against strong wind 2. Focus on future trend on the law regarding to drone. e.g. provide safety height control later 3. User control. we can make user of some other project to enhance the user experience. e.g. using <url>#of backers, total of money pledged, and *number of SMILES* while were typing these comments. (g). I have to admit that I have a serious case of envy for the team that actually gets to play, er, I mean *develop* these seriously cool machines. To be honest I would rather the case was a bit thicker at the bottom with the camera at the bottom with a manual tilt, able to look vertically down. I understand that this probably isn't possible unless quite a lot bigger but if you can do it then that would be amazing. To be honest I would rather the case was a bit thicker at the bottom with the camera at the bottom with a manual tilt, able to look vertically down. I understand that this probably isn't possible unless quite a lot bigger but if you can do it then that would be amazing. @JohnGorst - According to the FAQ at the bottom of the Story section... "ZANO comes as standard with an entire set of spare propellors. In the event of motor failure, absolutely they are replaceable." also... "All pledge rewards above and including £139 will come complete with a spare battery!! That means you will receive two (2) batteries when your ZANO is shipped." And I believe that plans are to make spares available at the www.flyzano.com website as well. @Creator - since there seems to be a lot of discussion about the LED panel, for the cost of a gram or two, could you make the panel removable? That way we'd have the best of both worlds - a bit lighter with more flight time when we don't need it, but packed into the carry case for quick attachment when we do. If that's not feasible, then my vote would be to keep it as is, even though I don't think I'd have much use for it, as I'd be taking video outdoors in bright light. And thanks so much for making the system as open, tranparent and "make-able"/hackable as possible. I'm sure many of us will think of creative uses for the system that haven't even been dreamt of yet. I would think that an option to add extra batteries and spare parts as part of the initial reward (for extra cost) will be very good....... that will save on P&P costs. I can imagine being very frustrated at paying £10 postage for a £2 propellor when I break one!! Hi, what a project, I love to see innovative designs and ideas being developed like this. I hope that when I'm fully qualified I will be able to create something as amazing as this. Also the communication is brilliant and is really appreciated, its great to see all of the questions answered as quickly and thoroughly as this. Can't wait to my Zano. Thanks. Thanks for your description of many of the display's possible functions - seems to me that at a mere 5% of the Zano's total weight it is worth having all of that additional functionality - sure, they aren't really necessities, but the whole idea of the device is more for fun than as a serious workhorse. So I'm all for it. Maybe it could move to above the camera to allow for your contemplated design change that would allow the camera angle to be manually rotated more easily (unless you are trying to have the entire LED/camera component move together so that when it illuminates it is pointing exactly the same way. I think lifting a dslr is a pipe dream. Maybe 16 could. Will we be able to sell parts in our own shop like <url>ékány Szabolcs József an extra prop would be nice considering it uses 4. Hopefully the object avoidance will make this a unneeded extra though. @creator how many props have you broken since the object avoidable was perfected? Hey guys! First of all I love the way you deal with the issue of communication. I love it! I have one question tho. I really love the idea of including a spare battery with every Zano since 15 minutes of fly times can pass really fast. Having a little background in modelling and flying quads, I allways find that the biggest isuse is not with the lack of power in the batter, but the propellers breaking. I know that owners of zano will be able to buy spare props but I personally would love to see some spare props included with every zano! Thanks for the awesome product in advance ^^ Cheers, Szabolcs RRP is recomended retail price = 169.99 British Pound (169 GBP). I would imagine you do run the risk of hitting customs charges Hi I selected the $139 reward scheme, on the confirmation email that i got it says RRP £169.95. i wanted to know whats that and also if there will be any sort of custom duty when it arrives to my country that's India. FYI am pretty dam excited for it and also for you guys to reach all your stretched goals Thanks Bosco Jacinto Yea , agree with alan's comment , i think tilt function is important for a drone, especially for the person want to take aerial shot up high. I thinking how the nano handle "hold position"and take photo or video which the target is nearly just below the zano. But if it make zano morr bulky , i think current setting is just fine Any chance you could design the camera to have an adjustable tilt? It might make taking some shots easier, such as if forced to shoot straight down due to space constraints (think inside building - or better, a cave!). Oh, and I'd recommend getting a lens with a field of view as close to a GoPro(tm) as possible - I think it's about perfect, and what everyone's come to see as the "norm". Also, as you're preparing videos, I'd love to see one that provides accurate audio showing how loud the unit is when hovering close by. Perhaps with someone speaking in a normal voice, to have something to compare to. Lastly, I too hope that you'll be able to provide full HD (1920@30) recording straight to the SD card, even if the WiFi resolution is lower. I can't wait for summer! @Ivan: Hey thanks again! If your mom is still upright, ask her to imagine how she would have used the Zano for. I'm sure she'd give you an earful of ideas. As long as the Guy upstairs hasn't called, I'm not going anywhere. On a side note, my mother-in-law emigrated from Wales when she was 8 years old. She never did lose that accent. Sounded like music. Be well. Larry I would love to see some footage of zano filming in a roof space I had never thought about until I read a comment suggesting it. That would really show off its obstacle avoidance systems Hi, I'm really looking forward for the product to arrive in my hands! Since you have the MicroSD slot in ZANO, I'm sure you can technically record FHD in the memory card. I appreciate if you can make this function available. @Philipp Spitzer assuming allowed any library's I make for this will be open source Hi, how much can it lift or does it not have any extra up thrust available? i would like to see any outdoor video....just wanna see how stable is it when there is some wind...so you mean this whole video <url>"open source"? I understand that the software will not be open source and I assume that you have good reasons not to disculose all technical details about the hardware as well, but what about the SDK and/or the used protocols (so that e.g. someone could build an alternative software tailored for own needs or for unsupported (mobile devices))? Good luck with the project - looking forward to fly Zano! and how long is the video it can record? or it actually no memory and need to send back to the ground station (in this case the cell phone) to record it ? if that is the case the video quality must be bad... actually any video footage record by Zano and we can see the quality ? @Ivan et. al. That's a fantastic offer! There is such a wide range of needs these kids have that options range from physical therapy using a large controller that is easily grasped (think fat tv remote), with covered (read water proof) buttons for direction (press up it goes up, etc), with most kids holding their attention is 80% of the work. Who wouldn't want to control a Zano??? The higher functional largely nonverbal kids e.g. autistic may well be more comfortable almost bonding with a Zano than giving a person eye contact. Maybe the child could respond to questions by answering with the Zano (up/down= yes, side to side = no) I could imagine doing therapy with this mode, and I know some parents whose ONLY was to get an answer might be through this. Obviously this goes for speech impaired kids who struggle to be understood. This isn't the forum for me to tie up space, but I'm extremely pleased with your offer! You must be be one of the good guys (g). @dragonbait i doubt the selfie will be fully automatic. You will have to control it into position and tell it to start count down. As an extra down the road someone will probably write a program that uses facial recognition to find you then frame a photo of the group your in. Another option would be shoot a 360x360 panorama and frame the group later in post production. @john Gorst, I really hope so! Just my 10c worth, but I'm backing this purely for the automation! I can already buy various drones that I can fly myself, i'm really hoping this delivers on the 'Selfie' promise, I want to just click go and have it fly up and take a group shot for me without me having to tell it how to. "£750,000 - All of the above. Plus Track and Video Capture a target through image processing." This target is now within sight! Just to clarify..... this will track e.g. a running dog (who obviously is not carrying a smartphone!!) using the camera as the tracking mechanism? Just watched your new video on manufacturing. Congratulations on staying in Wales for this. Very exciting news. I often see to many companies getting wooed by low manufacturing costs in China. You have shown that by giving your native home a chance, they can meet your cost and quality goals. Well done. How expensive are bateries? Could we afordably get 10 more and a charger to charge all 12 at once. Would give 3 hour flight time. Great to see part 2 of video and great to see you supporting Welsh economy! Would love to see more action and technical demos in part 3.....well what I really want is a Zano so don't listen to me and waste time making videos get making Zano!! What a great project you have! There are many drone products around. Most of them are big, unhandy and quite expensive for a noncommercial use. Zano tops them all. I am totally taken away by all those features you built into this small piece of genuity. I love the concept of Zano how it is planned so far. But as it comes to the discussion about a tiltable camera I would prefere the possibility of being able to remotely change the angle (instead of changing it manually before sending Zano to flight). This way it is easier to control the position of the background in relation of the photographed object. But that's "nagging at a high level" as I call it. What I also appreciate in this project is how fast and competent you answer the comments/questions of your backers. "Chapeaux!" You are doing a great job and I can't wait to get my hands on a Zano - and meanwhile spreading the word as much as I can. ;-) Spare battery for all zano's , it's in update 2 I think. Hi, It has been said before that all pledges above and including $139 get one spare battery. However, i have noticed that it has been added to all reward descriptions except for the $189 pledge, which I happen to have selected. Will this reward also include a spare battery? Keep up the good work! Big thanks :) lol this project is starting to explode in backers, very nice. :-D Hi, I currently don't have the skills/knowledge to *comfortably* muck about with my Zano's command lines. I was wondering if you'd consider an add-on feature in the future of a system of drop down menus with the basic commands e.g "fly to:" x,y, :altitude:" z, etc? On a different note, I spent 34 years working with "special needs" kids (I'm a shrink) many of whom had VERY limited verbal skills, but sometimes had superior reasoning, or spatial skills. A good educator (or parent) could teach these skills so that the child could actually do something other kids *can't*. Feeling competent (or even superior) is something that many of these kids have never experienced! That would be a wonderful place to build, for kids who avoid even trying anymore because it has always led to failure (I wouldn't try anymore either). Some of the more profoundly disabled kids have difficulty learning cause/effect so pointing and having a zano respond would also be very useful tool. Gifted kids (who will likely do alright no matter HOW we teach them (g) could use the SDK tools. Maybe you could come up with an "educators package". Schools spend tons of $ on far less effective tools. Just something to pitch to your marketing team. (And of course I remain available to help! @Creator: I'm so excited about this project. I'm building a miniature quadcopter on my own. As I try to do everything from scratch, it's a very long process (learning about propeller physics, motors, gyro sensors, etc.). Currently I'm building my own ESC for 3-phase motors (learning about different PWM driving techniques). But hey, ZANO is going to be so sophisticated out of the box! Something that would take me years. I appreciate your expertise in the field. I will continue with my DIY project, but I must have ZANO, too! :) One question: Will there be a low-level access to the ZANO's components or just higher-level commands like "fly 1 high", "point camera here" and so? I know you will do the best to make the firmware the best it can be, but will there be any possibility in case I would like to do some modifications? Big thanks to the whole team so far and good luck with building the best affordable drone! @creator, just to be clear, the "hold position" feature would allow to go beyond the 20-30m limit of the wi-fi network and have the drone holding there as long as the connection is reinstated? @Ivan HATS off. For your wonderful support. BTW, fasten your seat belts coz I have a feeling you're gonna Cross 2m funding. Keep some stretch goals ready. � @Tiancheng Yu a similar question was asked a couple of days ago so this response from the creator might help. 'Hey John: Zano can operate in two modes, one is where it creates its own WIFI hotspot meaning you can use it anywhere, the second mode is where Zano can connect to a pre-existing WIFI hotspot. Zano can actually do both at the same time. So in answer to your question, it is up to you, your Zano your way.' Small motors usually have a short life span. Do you have any data of the operating hrs of the motor? Does it require wifi when it is flying? The point of backing a project is not to just buy the product as it is. You can give suggestions and the creator has freedom to accept it or not. We are not here to be spectators but to actively participate, give suggestions to improve it and let the creators do the feasibility checks as they are the ones who know the product inside out. I think we all back this because of what the zano is a cheap good flying camera. We need to stop trying to change it's hardware and enjoy the original technological feet that it started as @Ivan I think camera vertical tilt adjustment is important...It can act as overhead down looking cam or for shots at high altitudes holding position, etc..Dont other backers think so... i don't know anything about the communication(can we please get white paper on it), but is it safe to assume we can set the location(latitude, longitude, altitude) and the orientation(compass direction, and tilt). Tilt would be important for directing a stationary camera. 2 things I can't seem to find in the specs which I assume the device must have. GPS and compass. It has been stated optical zoom and pan tilt would be to heavy/big. @Ivan Thank you. You guys rock. I was asking about the possibility of including optical zoom and pan /tilt in the camera. Will that be feasible I wanna compliment the creators with their fast responding to the comments. Hope you guys will do that also when the campaign is ended. What a great project! I'm happy to be in. Raw Photo capture for me as a photographer would be a very useful feature. I wouldnt say no to a better camera aswell, as suggested in the comments. If we are limited to control Zano lets say to an altitude of 20m with an iPhone, could we write a command to let it fly 100 meters high, automatically take several photos in different directions + 360 Sphere Images, then come back into the allowed distance down to 20 meters? Thanks! The range is limited by wifi. But not. Nesisarily the phones. You could use a wifi repeater with long range intena Hi there , i want to ask is the maximum distance between the base and zano ( so do the altitude) ....is it limited to the phone's WIFI coverage? (i.e. around 20-30m?) If yes , will you try to develope a dedicated controller with longer coverage? (or we can made it ourselve?) , or will have another model which having longer range and higher altitude in the future? (Maybe not nano one , but a little bigger and have more ability and controls?) BTW, zano is very great , hope to see it soon! What is the max elation it can fly at? Curious if I can take pictures of myself on a cliff face. Hey Ivan, yup that indirectly answered it, since my main question was can it always stay in front of me when im moving ( doesnt matter facing to me or facing the direction im going to ). Thanks! not sure if I missed this, but what is the approximate height of the ZANO? It looks to be ~1.5" in height, but I only found the 2.5"x2.5" dimension for the footprint size. @Lukas I'll be interested in hearing the answer. Be well. @Larry Thanks Larry, im sure with couple of drones it would be easier to track, but was wondering if 1 could achieve that. I believe in the video it was show as Hold Position and not a function of "Lead", as in follow from front @Lukas I believe one of the videos mentions how multiple drones can sync up with each other and maintain a position taking pictures of a biker - and one of the cameras was situated in front of the biker. Hope this helps. How capable will the Zano be in a complex indoor environment such as a small roofspace? Will the obstacle avoidance work where there are many obstacles and could the Zano return to base in such a cramped environment. And how does the Zano compare in functionality with the Swift and Sparrow? Great project. I can't believe you have been able to get so much in to such a small package. Nfc would have limited use and unless can be combined with charging circuit a waist of mass on the unit. You could use nfc with your phone for that exact same thing though if you really wanted. Hm.. NFC tags could be a useful addition! Have set waypoints etc. @Lukas that sounds like a laser rangefinder could achieve that, and a rangefinder would be an awesome thing to have too. hey Ivan, Thanks for all your hard work to create Zano and answer our questions! I'm very excited to get my Zano next year. I was just thinking of custom rigging a small, good quality camera onto a micro-drone and now no longer need to. It's awesome to see the great response so far to the campaign. I see the specs on the OV5640 camera are very similar to the OV5647 camera used by the Raspberry Pi Camera Module. I've read in the comments you are considering using the OV5670 -- if this doesn't work out, would it be possible to consider using the same one the Pi Camera uses? It'd be really nice to be able to replace the Zano camera with the $25 Raspberry Pi NoIR Camera Module to photograph infrared landscapes, as well as to have the ability to easily pop in another camera I have sitting around if something goes wrong with the original (provided you guys use the same tiny cable/socket on the piece of the camera that pops off the board). Or, can the OV5640 or OV5670 be ordered without the infrared-blocking filter in place? (or better yet, with an infrared-pass filter in place) How does the OV5670 compare to the OV5640 camera in terms of image quality and noise? Per the specs, the physical size of the pixels are smaller. Do you have any full resolution unprocessed sample images shot with either camera flying on your prototype Zano's that we can see? Regarding the camera, will there be options in the standard iOS app to adjust settings of how the default file is processed? Or, will the image be processed by default to have low sharpening and contrast so as to avoid an ugly digital look to something that is overprocssed? I recall on the similar Raspberry Pi Camera having to tweak the settings to get something that looks more photographic, or film-like, than like a cheap digital camera -- I realize this could just be how the default parameters were written for their driver, though please consider underprocessing the file and leaving the sharpening and contrast enhancement for post-processing on your server later. Regarding the server, please confirm that the camera will save original photo and video files in a standard format on the microSD card (once this is implemented) in case the HPC server were to go down at any point. It makes sense that it would do so, but I just want to check to ensure we're not left with an unusable piece of hardware in case of network issues or any decision to pull the plug on the HPC super-computer for any unforeseen reason. (Also, if one is in a remote area without internet or has a limited mobile data plan, being able to have usable image files saved directly to the memory card or downloaded to one's device without need to contact the server is necessary.) Thank you for making an API and SDK available for those of us interested in developing custom apps and scripts (especially in PHP or other Unix scripting languages)! I'm interested in using Zano for time-lapses and will likely write my own script if a time-lapse or interval timer function is not already built into the standard app. As part of the API/SDK, will there be (or can there be) the ability to write simple scripts inside of the Zano app itself (so one need not write a full blown app to perform simple functions)? Will the web based interface you mentioned in your previous comment be usable directly between an iPhone and the Zano without need for another device nor network connection? Thanks for considering the ability to make the camera position adjustable between 45 degrees down and straight ahead! If it's at all possible to have a third camera angle of nearly straight down, that would be very welcome! I do understand if it's not physically possible given the small space available and the current design -- I'm not sure how others feel, though I certainly wouldn't mind the removal of all or most of the LED grid if it meant the camera could also be pointed straight down or we could get a higher quality camera or other camera features in its place (a micro-gimbal would be nice but likely not feasible). thanks, Mark Got another question, would it be able to (now or in the future) to track and record from front a moving body? Would it be able to react fast enough for movement changes? Do we need a £4mm stretch goal? @creator Have you checked into feasibility of adding zoom and control tilt/pan of camera....It'll be actually great if feasible. @Larry J. Geguzis, I couldn't agree more with you. The Popular Science magazine article is such a negative piece. They have really failed to fully appreciate the amazing tech involved in ZANO. Thankfully thousands of Kickstarter members know better! @ Ivan, is it possible to just confirm that there is no chance that the UK could make it illegal to use ZANO? Tech Crunch had a piece on the Zano project, too: <url>"Science" in it's name. The author, Kelsey D. Atherton, seems to be their goto guy for all things drone, but has such a failure of imagination to speculate that the Zano *might* be able to compete with a niche market in South Korea where Bluetooth enabled "sticks" are used to mount cameras to take beyond arms length selfies. I came away from that piece thinking that the author may have acquired all his drone information through Braille texts. Maybe I'm being a bit over-harsh (ok, I know I am), but it seems a good example of "anyone can be published" on the web. The creators mentioned that they had heard the "that's impossible" opinions early in the process. I'm so glad that they knew better. 25 miles per hour*15 min flight time=7 miles. Think that is about 10k @creator What is the maximum range that Zano can fly without restrictions? Popular Science Magazine website just posted a story about Zano. <url>#, Objective-C, PHP, etc.) . As a developer and under the assumption the firmware on the device is having something like a command interpreter listing for commands on a socket and acting on them I'd like to suggest just to provide a network protocol level API and not to provide language binding libraries. To open a socket and to send API packets to the device is very easy in any modern programming language. By that you'd save a lot of time, effort, support and therefore money. P.S.: I appreciate this project and especially your way of communication here very much. It's even a good example that customer care can be really a win/win situation for both sides. Thanks a lot for that! @creator I was actually referring to the point inside the camera where the light flips over. If we can circle around that point you can take in a whole seen with no Parallaxing error. Your idea coupled with 3d printer is cool though I doubt flight time would be long enough. @SungLi I think another backer asked this question near the start of the campaign and the project creators reply is as follows: 'Hey RL: Absolutely. We will ensure quite a few extra battery slots are in both cases.' Hope java first as it is native of most mobile devices. Php second as Web interface just makes sense for a wifi enabled device. You are making APIs available for lot of languages. Will you make APIs for Lazarus/Delphi? Wow bad autocorrect "sterol colic " should be stereoscopic Thinking about Parallaxing error depending how accurately you can fly this would be a great way to shoot error free panoramas. If you can fly the DROID in a circle keeping the focal point of the camera at the center of the circle you would get no Parallaxing eerror in your panorama. If you can't Parallaxing error can be smothed out of a panorama. The reason it can't for 3d is the intensional parallaxing error between the 2 cameras is how 3d sterol colic systems work. There are however cool mathematical ways to make a 3d model from a video moving at a known space that only recquire one camera. @creator using 80% frame won't work for 3d. Parallaxing error can not be corrected in post processing and this will be caused by any drift between cameras. Nice job! one requests... Every reward for pledges will have a spare battery. Is possible that carry case can put it in? I think Larry has pretty much summed it up. Make sure it's 'bombproof' first and then we can add fluffy dice and go faster stripes. @Creators - I've followed the comments intently and aside from being almost uniformly brilliant, I feel the need to also voice something of concern (and far from brilliant). Even as a bystander, I'm drawn into the vortex of "boy, wouldn't it be neat if it could do this" or even NEATER if it could do that AND this other cool thing, etc. I guess I'm just hopeful that whatever you release does the basics really really well! If the basic unit isn't absolutely BULLETPROOF, it won't matter too much if it can do ANY of the bells and whistles. If a newbie can't fly the zano after a half hour of trying, it won't matter as much if it has 3D functionality. Please understand that I'm not trying to rain on all these wonderful ideas. Far from it! I'm just saying that as each new function is added, the odds of some gremlin sneaking into the machine goes up. Please keep your eye on the prize - a stable platform that darn near anyone can have fun with! After that, conjuring up all kinds of bells and whistles can be added judiciously so that they don't compromise that premise. I'm just as excited as everyone else here, and I DO hope that the ideas keep flowing, but I suspect that I should now just "duck and cover" (g). i'm going to agree with Rina, I feel you should charge for additional functions for Zano, however since we are getting this thing off the ground kickstarter members should receive a promotional rate for all app purchases. as for continuous revenue stream . I suggest developments of extra hardware to go along with zano. as many have stated earlier. extended batteries (higher density ) , docking stations , limited edition replacement blades (ie glow in the dak), decals etc... and maybe some other ideas on customized. Still 92 in white Hello! If we've backed at the non-carrying case tier, but still pledge at the now full normal carrying case tier, will we still receive it? I understand if there'd be a delay in shipping, but having a case is essential for me. I will have to bow out of doing 3d video with the zano. I did the math and it is impossible. The only reasonable way to do with error correction for bots getting blown off course is to shoot at 60fps. We can't have more then 2 bad frames back to back which means if one gets blown off course it has 1/6th of a second to get back in position. Assuming it got blown off by 10 mm it would require pulling over 100g to get back in time. My two cents regarding lifetime in-app purchases: I absolutely understand and agree that the company will need and deserve the nominal fees for developing the other features. If I may suggest a different solution, maybe a lifetime discount (10-20%?) for in-app purchases for Kickstarter backers is the way to go. Some backers who have brought up the FREE lifetime IAP have stated some good points since we are helping from the outset and will have yet to wait for the "extras" to come to fruition. As a backer now, I would happily continue to "back" you onwards if you keep to your word. Personally, I wouldn't mind paying for "extras" later on and if it is at a discounted rate, that would be greatly appreciated (with the bonus of being reminded every time that, "I helped start this!"). Anyway, @creator, thank you for the very informative, honest and regular responses. Learning so much from them. Simple synching of a set of zano's could be achieved if they all looked at each other and flashed their lights for a fixed period, e.g. all sit there flashing until they all think they're synchronized. Thanks for the quick response Ivan! Another quick question regarding the carry case.. Will it have a shoulder strap? Zano is small enough that I can see wanting to carry it with me whenever I go on walks and hikes. It would be more convenient to sling the case over my shoulder rather than having to use a backpack. Great update guys and fantastic continuity of management of expectations. I don't mind in-app purchases - especially if they are a nominal fee. I think that's fair enough especially as it gives me a choice of what I want to buy. Paying up front I could be getting stuff that actually isn't of any consequence to me. Good luck getting to £1m. The editing suite would be super cool! +1 For the App - Purchases after 12 months I can handle the conversion of 2 video feeds to a 3d video. Can you promiss the ability to set 2 devices to act as 1 with a set distance apart? That is the part I would have a hard time programming for better to have them talk to each other and maintain distance apart and alignment. Any chance we can pay a premium for lifetime updates? When I bought my satellite radio I payed for 3 years up front for lifetime. Also some stuff like ZanoWear, tag follow ( maybe even with multiple tags, so you could easily switch between different tags to follow ) and the Docking stations are really possible future features! +1 For the App - Purchases after 12 months As an amateur photographer, I'm really excited about the possibilities the Zano offers! I've been wanting to get into aerial photography and videography, but I find it hard to justify the high cost of the DJI Phantom 2 V+ or the nearly $3000 Inspire 1. I know these drones can take amazing video and photos, but I'd be nervous about crashing such an expensive drone! With the Zano, I'll finally be able to take awesome sunset and landscape photos unobstructed by homes, trees, power lines. Without the exorbitant cost! Any improvements that can be made to improve on the photography/video capabilities of the Zano would be greatly appreciated by photographers like myself. I do have questions/suggestions.. 1. Will the iOS/Andoid app allow manual control of exposure/focusing? 2. HDR photo mode, similar to the iPhone camera, would be very useful when taking photos of sunsets and landscapes. 3. One of the previous comments mentioned the current camera being used is the OV5640. With the possibility of the OV5670 depending on price. I found the specs and datasheets for both image sensors on the Omnivision website, <url>"We will be using a 400 mAh standard lipo lithium polymer battery." You mention that it will be available on your web site. Is it a standard battery we can also get from third party vendors? Thanks. Impressive communication! @creator Hi, would it be possible to give altitude restrictions based on the laws in the country rather than making it only possible to have Zano stay with in a certain flying distance? I plan to fly out in the country a lot so I am curious, how fast does the avoidance feature react, can it evade a hawk or other bird of prey that may see this as a potential meal or threat? Yes it is there decision. The whole idea of using for 3d photography has got me itching to get 2 but I know I shouldn't without the promiss that I will actually be able to do 3d photography at some point with my units. @Matthew I second you. Also, life time upgrades are the best way to spread word and boost initial funding which is critical to accelerate growth of the company and pool in resources. This can also help bring unit cost down and attract even more funding. As creators have told, they are checking feasibility. In my opinion, we should let them decide that, and do only suggestions here. but I have to tell, this is indeed a very constructive and nice kickstarter backer group here. The reason I would want life time upgrades is I doubt they will get around to the 3d photo options in first year. I would settle with gerintee of upgrades until that is perfected. Buy with lifetime upgrades for early adopters you always are looking forward to something new which keeps you talking about it to random people. @creator i think you should really focus on the camera quality of ZANO I really wish I can record 1080p 60fps by saving to microSD... I prefer to have a video with 60fps even if it's 720p rather than having 30fps... I don't think that we need any lifetime free upgrades...I agree with Mat, you should stick to the original plan with paid upgrades. Take the time get the hardware perfect. The software can come later if needed. @Matt Mayatt I couldn't agree more Make it a new reward. 20 more then 2 device pack. Call it 3d lover pack. Comes with lifetime upgrades just get the drone out the door on time , adding loads of extras is gonna add more time on to the project. keep things simple , also stick to the original plan of paid for upgrades, this means there is more incentive for you to keep introducing new content for zano. Ivan - referencing a previous post of yours, your were discussing the 2 possible camera's, the 5640 and 5670. Not sure of a detail comparison between the 2, but if my calcs are correct , the 5670 consumes about 10% less energy while active. Seems like a worthy power savings = more flying time. I will commit to get a second if you will do 2 things. 1) offer life time upgrades 2) promise to some time in the next 5 years get 3d photo taking with 2 drones. Compatible with Google cardboard. I think many others will match me. Also I think life time upgrades for kickstarters will give you a lifetime of free advertisement Love the electromagnetic launch and land idea that sounds very cool How about for emergencies using the LED panel as an SOS beacon. Just set the height and the rotation speed and use the universal flash pattern. I know it is mighty small but does this have any payload capacity? @FlyZano / @Creator / @Torquing Group Ltd You know what would be cool..? Making your app have ANDROID WEAR COMPATIBILTY! I call it ZanoWeaR. I few taps on your wrist conviently tells zano to follow you, and more. The sensors in the moto360 allow you to literally draw positions for other modes. Please tell me your thoughts on this. I think it would be easy for you guys to implement. Get back to me :) ZanoWaeR dang its got a nice ring to it!!! Switching led 'faces' from the watch. Wow! I will +1 for the follow the dog option! If the add on was available at the end of the campaign as an extra that would be great. However I completely understand if this was to be some kind of future add on as it shouldn't get in the way of your main product. Count me in as a tester too! If I climb a mountain can I fly it off the side to take a picture of me up there? I'm not sure if this has already been asked before but do you get real time video streamed to either your phone or tablet from the drone so you can see what you are shooting?. Just to add that this looks like a great little drone with brilliant features, not forgetting the superb communication from the creators!!. Regards Gizmo Great video and product. Well done Reece. Greg Magnetic coupling would only work if close to Base. A light weight option would be land on a post with 2 metal sprigs sticking up to hit 2 pads on botom of pcb For 3d video 2 drowns in formation and controlled as 1 would work. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. @Holger: As there's only one camera at the moment, I only see two options: To take two pictures automatically (software algorithm) - or by using something like KÚLA BEBE: <url>"Click the OK button if you are aware that you are breaking the law" is fine. That would be most useful for me, as I can come up with several interesting cases for this drone whilst I'm in the woods. That limit is probably max 10 meters in Sweden, which makes an impact on the ZANO's usfulness. If there is no aerodynamic difference (drag) I prefer slightly matted finish vs gloss Matte black finish please. Either finish will be fine for me, I pledged for white :) Also Matte finish, definitely :) @Creator A question about the follow me feature "tether", does this connect to the phones bluetooth or does it use GPS and a data connection to calculate the distance to base? I ask just as I would like to take this out of country where I would most likely have no data connection. All the best! I have pledged for a black one too and I'd prefer a matt finish too. As a programmer I'm very interested in the SDK, are there any plans to publish early versions of the SDK (e.g. beta release)? I like Matt black finished :) Hi @Craig Robertson seeing your question asked by someone else at the start of the project so I thought I would paste the creators answer to that question for you now: 'Hey Evan: In the event of motor failure, absolutely they are replaceable. All spares will be available at www.flyzano.com after the Kickstarter campaign finishes.' @Creator +1 for Matt Black Personally on this specific item I would probably go for a matt finish over a shiny finish (I have pledged for a black one). I think it would age better and will attract less smudges when it's handled. In the event of a crash landing, being attacked by the dog etc. Where will we be able to purchase spare parts? Mat definetly best Uv pledged for the black zano and I'd definitely prefer a Matt finish if possible As mentioned before, I am kind of be at war with glare surfaces... If its just about a small configuration of the injection tooling, would it be possible to offer both? (in case there are actual people that prefer the glare one) After the Kickstarter campaing you could ask in the survey whether a glare or matt finish is prefered... I would also prefer a more mat finish of the casing Looks like indiegogo scam to me <url>"noise" makes de Zano? Great project - I have been following and have pledged relatively early on. I am very impressed with the level of communication - you guys are killing it! First of all, I agree with @Mark Howard about a docking station: I am considering using the Zano as a security monitor to check on things at home from work, and would like to have the Zano land on a charging dock (like the Roomba does). Would that be a possibility? Secondly, can you give more details about the HDC? It seems like a great idea and function - my only concern is the security of it all. You mentioned that we don't have to use the HDC to process videos, but is there a way to access it on our own (ie, through the SD card?). Lastly, is there a microphone built in? I saw that there are speakers, but what about a microphone to record audio? I'm guessing the propellers would be too loud for this, but I thought I'd ask. Thanks for the incredible communication! Hey, Just wondering what the waterproof capabilities for the drone. I'm planning to use this on holiday and cases of unexpected rain/snow an occur. are the parts at least water resistant protected/sealed? Hi, Ivan, Need to say you are most sophisticated droid company in the word. I amazed of the level of professionally and technology your team managed to put in such small device. And it also easy to use. You guys are like apple for droids! Let me give few suggestions: * You can use carbon fiber for body and propellers * You can use SD card on board and get 1080p video recording (future belongs to 4K, so for future droid you need to source better camera) Again, amazed to see your teams work. * It would be nice if the 8 x 8 LED display could show some scrolling texts. Some time ago I wrote a C function for that using a proportional font. I can email you that if it is of any help. Heard of nixie? Check it out: <url>"taking selfies" marginalizes this things potential!. On a light note, I wish I'd had a couple of these to follow my daughters around when they were dating (lol). Since their early dates were sans car, the drone wouldn't have to match speeds >25 mph. It might also be a good time to make a case for weaponizing them (only kidding) I'm hoping to get some shots of my fly fishing on some beautiful Pennsylvania, USA trips, but again that's back to vanity selfies. Getting streaming pics would help searching for kids (or pets) that wander off. Any other ideas? Is the spare battery for the 154 pledge in addition to the spare included in the pledges above 139 (Total 3 batteries)? If not, is the case the only difference between the 139 and 154? Thanks! Love the idea and switched from another kickstart! I'm new here,what about support of android app? Here's a video of a quadrocopter failsafe algorithm: <url>"standard case" package you just announced? How long will the Battery lust for a single flight? What will be the maximum range that it will talk to the mobile phone? I joined Kickstart JUST to support this project (in other words, I'm a newbie, so be gentle)(g). Although I don't own a smart phone, (gasp) I do have several wifi enabled tablets (Ios and Android). Am I correct to assume that these will be able to communicate with the drone via my wifi enabled home? Will communication with the drone be possible beyond my networks range? TIA and beat of luck! I just updated my super early bird pledge to the new one which includes the standard case. Hopefully that doesn't affect my position in the queue? Thanks for that information Lee. I agree I can't see it lasting very long at the top speed, but I wouldn't expect a battery that small to last long. @Ben - 25mph top speed mentioned although I would forsee this would be difficult to sustain without impacting / reducing battery life before next charge. Okay I apologise I have just watched all the videos and can see it will follow you depending on how far you set it. I guess I can adapt my question to how fast can I travel before the Zano would not be able to keep up and automatically land? Just to clarify I can see that Zano will catch up with you if it feels it's going out of range but an option for it to hover in close proximity would be good. Hello, I am sorry if this has been covered already but I can't find it. I do a lot of work with cars and it would be great if I could get Zano to follow the car I am driving to record it. I understand this would be at slow speed, but will it be possible to follow the phone it is connected to? Yeah great communication, please keep it up after the funding has finished pleased Great communication is key to a successful project, us backers on kickstarter really appretiate it :) Sorry I see now that the 139 offer doesn't come with any case (except the box). So the difference is now only the case, because as Stefan says the spare battery is included now in all offers from 139. *All pledges above and including £139 @Kenischi all pledges above £139 get a spare battery as stated in Update 2 :) @Ivan Great project! I think you're doing a great job talking to us, actually doing something with our requests and tips, and keeping us updated. I really believe people appreciate it. At least I do :) . Good luck! Great product guys! One question can you make clear what the difference is between the default case included in the 139 offer and the Clam Shell? I think that is the only difference between the offers, because batteries are now for everyone? Does it have GPS navigation function? @Ivan Thanks for the answers. Sounds promising. Looking forward to playing with it :) How nice pj! I'm looking forward to getting the ZANO!! I want to get both, limited case and additional sub battery! Could you ready the plan?? For the premium case: Would it be possible to add some degree of water proofness to it, since then wouldn't be so scary to take it on a boat trip or in case of heavy rain? Hi Ivan, I have backed another product on Kickstarter called DIY VR from DODOcase. In case you are not familiar with it, the DODOcase allows you to experience virtual reality on your smart phone. They have produced a cardboard headset that you can place your smart phone into and then view virtual reality through it. The gadget show just recently had a section on their latest episode (episode 11) where they controlled drones using virtual reality headsets, which showed the video footage from the drone. I just wondered would this be possible with ZANO? If we used something like the DODOcase could we then use a hand held controller to manoeuvre ZANO? Because the smartphone screen controls wouldn’t work. It would be good if the smart phone screen controls could be hidden if you had a hand held controller, like a Bluetooth game pad or something which would be compatible with ZANO. It may not be possible at all to achieve this, but I just wanted to find out. Will there still be an SDK/API available eventually even if you don't make the 1.000.000 stretch goal? Also is there any information available about it already? Like is it a library for one or several specific programming languages? If so, which programming language(s)? Or is it something like a SOAP or JSON API? I would love to be able to use a ZANO for security purposes, so I can remotely log on to my webserver and have the ZANO do a round around my house and stream the video through the server. Will something like this be possible using the SDK? Can't wait! Cheers, Mates! @Creator. I think most of us are interested to know whether we can charge Zano using power bank instead of using Zanofuel The trending totally amount of the pledges look awesome -----> <url>"selfies" - is it just as easy to shoot pictures or video of other targets as well? Might it even be possible to lock into other moving targets other than where the controller device is located? Also - I've seen some requests for a comment on how much wind the Zano can tolerate before it becomes too unstable to fly, but I haven't seen a response. My apologies if I've just missed it. Hi, what is the maximum range of the ZANO? @Creator. Any simple photos taken by the camera will be shared? Cheers Paul, I'll stick with the £189 pledge then :) @creators I have a suggestion. Just for us backers, why can't you make the future updates free. If economically viable. Also kindly confirm if the zano can be charged with micro usb power banks used for mobiles. Also, can you exactly tell what batteries are used for zano. And is it possible to charge the spare battery externally while the other battery is used to power zano. @Creator. Can you explain more what HPC and how it is being used by Zano? @Matt Mayatt. Just to let you know that in the second update, the creator added this comment; Batteries for everyone! You asked, and we have listened! Every reward for pledges above and including £139 will be shipped with a spare battery! Additional spare batteries will be available from flyzano.com after launch. Yep good point do we get a spare battery with the £189 pledge it only says charging stick. I'd rather have the spare battery. It's the charging mode Micro usb. Can the power banks used for mobiles used to charge zano. Hi, Do the super early bird get their drones faster than the £189 pledges? I chose this pledge since I like the rewards better. Hi, Do the super early bird get their drones faster than the £189 pledges? I chose this pledge since I like the rewards better. @Matt Mayatt: It think it isn't so easy. £189 pledge includes additionally the ZANOfuel Portalble Charging Stick. According to my understanding the £154 pledge doesn't. If the RGB display can use as flash light that should be Great :) What aperture are use on the camera, can i shoot at sunset or low light? May I know how long (in terms of flight hours) will the motor last? £154 pledge gets you the standard case plus spare battery and stuff, £189 pledge gets you the limited case, battery and stuff. Easy. This product looks very delicate(could be damage easily), does it include spare parts inside the package? if not, can you kindly give me some? thank you so much! Hello very cool little drone. Just one question. What exactly does "FREE capability software updates for 12 months after public launch" mean? Does that just mean updates to the app or will I have issues using my zano after the one year period? @Creator. Thanks for addressing my concern on the microSD. Great to see a fantastic project based here in the UK. Can't wait to review it! Out of interest, if the Zano was to loose connection with the phone, would it automatically land safely or return base at its last known location before loosing connection, or would it simply drop from the air? Wait never mind, this is confusing @rina Actually all 139 and up rewards have the standard case while the 189 has a special case @creator What are the specs of the camera that will be used ? Resolution Frame rate Etc..? @Mario and @Mike To be more specific, pick either of the black or white 189£ reward options. The 2 other super early bird lesser amount rewards have either a "less-special" case or no case at all. @Mario If you pledge for any of the two super early birds you will get it. There's 500 for the white copter and 500 for the black How do I add the limited carrying case to my super early bird pledge? Since it is limited, how do you know the 'first 1000' who get it? Mario I just wanted to say this project is awesome and I can't wait for this to happen this is my first back on kickstarter just one little question can zano lift any other weight e.g. Hung underneath Thank you and keep up the amazing job @Creator I just want to say your awesome so far the way you really listen to everyone's suggestions and actually make it happen! If the rest of the campaign goes just as great you will be very successful. You guys are awesome Other suggestion! ZANO has two version, but the LED panel is white. is that the PCB's color? can it change to black for ZANO black version :) ? hello, nice job :) how does the Standard ZANO Carry Case's material? Is that metal ? solid? this case is not limited,even not be commemorative... At least I hope he can have a good protective effect :) I got a reply that it uses microusb. In that case could I make a suggestion that the fuelstick's microusb cable be detachable and attached via USB to the fuel stick so we could unplug it and swap for a lightning cable too This way the fuelstick can also be used to charge any other smartphone or device. Makes it a bit easier to justify the extra 35 pounds. Thx Question: What made you choose WiFi instead of Bluetooth 4.0? @Creator. Also, with such compact PCB seen in update #2, I don't see the space for the Micro USB. So do you really have space for the Micro USB slot? Thanks for the reply on HDR, that's a very interesting way to deal with it and I think it's an excellent idea. I also appreciate you guys using pure assembly to create your OS and functionality, you don't see that a lot these days. Cheers! A microSD add more cost and design change to the PCB as well the casing. I don't understand why you say it is a firmware stretch goal. Question: does the fuelstick charge the ZANO by microusb? Does this mean we can charge it using any portable charger instead? Hi, I just pledge for Zano. Hope that the delivers time will be right, Ive pledge for other proyects that got delayed and that really disturbs. Good Luck with Zano and to your company! greetings from Chile. I know that it is already in the pledge amount but the amount is an extra £50 a question for you..... Is there no way you would be able to add a stretch goal that allows everyone to have a carry case with their Zano? or if not fully then for a small add on price? Hi, Sorry if I've missed the infos on the home page but ... What is the communication between the app and the Zano ? WiFi ? Bluetooth ? and what is the operating system loaded on the Zano ? a linux based distirb ? Best regards, I agree about getting spare batteries at the same time as the drone. It will cut down on shipping. Other projects allow us to add additional accessories, we just need to modify our pledge to match whatever we are adding on. One more thing, could you consider making an extra space slot in the carrying case for the extra battery? So that it would be easy to both carry everything together and to easily charge the extra batter while the drone is flying with the built in (?) carrying case battery This is the message I received from the Creator, regarding ZANO flight in wind: Torquing Group Ltd Nov 25, 2014 ZANO is small. Physics has a way of making things difficult. Because Zano weighs less than 60grams, you don't have a great deal of inertia to deal with turbulence. So what did we do about this? ZANO firmware has 200% throttle control for each motor and ZANO hardware allows motors to be driven forward or backwards and can change from nearly 100,000rpm one direction to nearly 100,000rpm the other direction in less than 200ms or less than a fifth of a second. This allows ZANO unlike any other UAV (that we know of), to reverse a motor or motors if stability requires it. We will post a video shortly showing the speed of ZANO's ability to completely reverse the motors. What does all this do for you? It makes ZANO much more capable of handling wind and gusts than any other UAV of this size and possibly much better than much larger UAV's. Cool project, very thought out and well designed. Made me transfer from another drone project in Kickstarter! Agree with a comments below that easily accessible batteries would be far more convenient, if not possible and a custom battery is needed to be used, than please create an additional pledge level for extra battery, so that would not need to pay extra for shipping another battery. Also as far as i understood, it will be possible to charge the drone with the internal carry case battery? Just to repeat a question that didnt get answered, how well does it fly in the wind? Can it easily be blown away? Also could it return to you if you're releasing it from lets say 5/10 stories building balcony or window? Once again, great project and product, very excited about it! Oh and whats the range/distance this thing can go? For how long can the zano fly on one full charge? Also, I know this is probably a more difficult feature to put in, but is there a possibility of real time HDR or is the hardware just not gonna be able to pull it off? Also like others have mentioned, onboard MicroSD recording would be pretty awesome, assuming it doesn't drain that much more battery. The battery will be something we can easily order from online stores hopefully? I live in the US and I'd hate to pay shipping each time I want another battery for the drone. Yes I agree, please include some kind of carrying case with the rest of the reward tiers too. Also the difference between the super early and the tier with the case is 50 pounds. That's a LOT to pay for a case of any quality, can we add on to our super early reward manually adjusting for the case? Or can you provide some kind of case for us. Thank you @Creator, thanks for your reply, so the ZANO will included charger to charge the battery? @Vince , I agree with @Abdul 'ZANO' look flight stable than 'Anura', but 'Anura' have microsd and more battery capacity (1000mah) So after a year we have to pay for software updates? 30m range is not far, you you extend the range? please confirm if the super early bird and earlx bird pledges have absolutely no carry case or just not the limited edition. thanks @Vince. Based on the country I believe. For my country it is the height that it travel. 30 meters is not that high. Thanks Abdul Halim Mat Ali! Off topic: We have to get a license to fly this thing? @ Creator. Could you please just confirm if Zano can fly in most weather conditions, apart from say heavy rain or strong winds? or is there an issue with it being so lightweight that even a light wind could cause problems? @Creator Carrying case is a must have. Please consider adding it for all backer levels. And as Adam mentioned, why not add on board HD storage and low bandwidth/quality for wireless transmission to phone. Seems a great idea. @Vince. Based on the in flight video footage, Zano is more real and looks more stable too. Anura vs Zano, peep which one should I get? Zano better come with a case Thanks for the update. With video limited to 720p because of bandwidth why not have on board storage by micro SD or if weight is a concern include a small amount of on board storage 1gb or so? @ZANO Team, We are waiting your reply :( Such a great project and we're in... This user's account has been deleted. As I would really like to capture our sailing boat with ZANO, not being blown away by wind would be nice;-) As @Joe asked: how steady/stable will ZANO be? is there a super early bird WITH CASE? Just to echo, as a backer would love to see an upgrade to HD as one of the earliest stretch goals. Seems like that is the standard now. Very excited abut this project and delighted that you can deliver this in the fraction of the price of the gopro / drone type solutions :-) Just a freindly mention, but you shouldn't advertise this as 'swarming' in the main heading when that function is only included as the top (maybe unacheivable) stretch goal! HD video is an absolute must! A few questions: 1) Can I use it as a remote-control helicopter just for fun if I want to? Or these controls aren't supported? 2) How long will the battery hold for? 3) How much can it lift? Is it possible to fly a pack of chips from my window to a building across the road into my friends window? :D If not, there should be a stretch goal for that! This user's account has been deleted. Does Zano drone's have fail-safe system? Example: Drone fly out of range, will it fly back to the original spot? @Creator. Also, how do we charge Zano? @Creator. Cool. I have been looking for such drone. Hope this get funded as most UK campaign with shipping fee doesn't. A couple of questions. Can it take video below the drone or we need to tilt certain thing? Can we disable looking for the GPS signal as sometime we want to take video urgently? Any side effect of it doesn't look for the GPS? Good luck guys, can't wait for our ZANO to arrive! Am sharing all over social media as think more people should see this! Hi guys, How do I stow the Zano if I have a super early bird pledge? Are there any plans to install a HD camera, as a stretch goal for example;) Thanks for this beautiful piece of technique! Frans This is without a doubt one of the coolest and most cutting edge Kickstarter I have seen in a long long time! I was really disappointed with the incredibly hard-to-fly and buggy Crazyflie and I can't wait to try ZANO! Thanks for making this available! @ZANO Team Please upgrade to HD camera and more battery capacity. What kind of battery will you use (easy find at local shop)? Can i add a extra battery to my pledge? Need to through the ZANO to charging? Will the ZANO with carry bag for basic protection? Thanks Just pledged...so good luck :) one question: the super early bird does not include the carry case and the charging stick...does it? Good luck folks.